(0s):
Welcome to the Huberman Lab Podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Dr. Mark Hyman. Dr. Mark Hyman is a medical doctor and an internationally recognized leader in the field of Functional Medicine. He's a practicing physician and the head of strategy and innovation at the Cleveland Clinic Center for Functional Medicine. Today we discuss what is Functional Medicine, how the different systems of the body interact to improve or degrade our health, the science of mitochondria and metabolic health, nutrition, inflammation, and how you can leverage these factors to improve your physical and mental health and cognitive performance at any age.

(48s):
We also talk about how to confront any health challenges you might face by taking a systems level approach. Dr. Hyman's work is unique in that it integrates conventional medicine because after all, he is an MD with what he calls good medicine, which is an amalgamation of the best practices from both traditional and alternative approaches. During today's discussion, you'll see that Dr. Hyman's expertise on a diverse range of topics really comes through. For instance, we talk about food, both sourcing micronutrients, macronutrients, timing. We talk about exercise and we talk a lot about supplementation and which Supplements can provide tremendous benefit for certain people. In particular, Dr. Hyman grounds all that knowledge in the latest discoveries in human biology to provide you with actionable tools that you can apply in any case and at any age.

(1m 34s):
By the end of today's episode, I'm certain that everybody will glean at least one and very likely several important protocol updates that they can incorporate to improve their general health. And now for my discussion with Dr. Mark Hyman, Dr. Mark Hyman. Welcome. Thanks Andrew. So good to be here. Great to see you. We go back a few years. Yeah. Like almost 10. Yeah. It's been awesome to see your arc and you were at it long before I met you. I think to kick things off, probably best if you explain to people what Functional Medicine is and what your orientation towards health and medicine is. Yeah. Because I think there are a few misconceptions out there, both about functional health and you, but I think also you provide a very unique perspective.

(2m 21s):
You've been at this vista that no one else has had where, you know, people who are deans of medical schools, you know, people who are biohackers, you know, the general public, you've treated and treat patients. Yeah. And you also are an experimentalist with yourself. Yeah. To the extent that you find and can make suggestions about things that can help people. So yeah, tell us how you parachuted into this whole thing and how you look at this whole thing that we call health and medicine. Yeah, thank you Andrew. And it, it, you know, I, I would say that, you know, I didn't choose what I'm doing. It chose me. I was super healthy fit, you know, riding my bike a hundred miles a day. I was 36 years old.

(3m 2s):
And then wham, I got really sick and I went from being able to memorize 30 patients in a day and dictate their notes and ride my bike a hundred miles to not knowing where I was at the end of a sentence and not being able to barely walk up the stairs. And I got hit with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and I tried to figure out what it was. I went to, you know, doctors at Harvard or Columbia here, everywhere. And they, oh, you're depressed. Take some Prozac, this and that. And I realized that I, I, you know, I, Traditional Medicine wasn't having the answers. And even though I sort of came from the perspective of like a yoga teacher before I was a doctor, you know, studied. Were you Buddhism? Yeah. A yoga teacher. I was, it was back in the eighties. You're a tall guy.

(3m 42s):
Long mat. It was, there was, they didn't have yoga mats when I was doing yoga. He put a towel on the ground. There was no Lululemon. It was, it was like on top of like the east west bookstore in New York City. There was like one yoga class in the early eighties. Okay. That was it. And I studied Buddhism in college, but I also studied systems thinking and systems theory and Gregory Bateson and, you know, the nature of the network effect of life and biology and everything else. And so I kind of went through medical school, but when I came out, I was pretty straight Traditional Medicine doctor. But then I got sick and it turned out that I had gone to China to live there for a year and work as a doctor to help start expatriate medical clinics. 'cause there were no western medical clinics in China.

(4m 23s):
And people were terrified who were 60,000 expatriates to go to the Chinese hospital. So I spoke Chinese, 'cause I studied ancient studies. I went there. But what I inadvertently had happened was I got exposed to huge amounts of Mercury from the air. 'cause they burned coal and coal ex expels lead and Mercury and lots of other Toxins. And they, there's 10 million people in Beijing and the city at the time. And they all heated their homes with raw coal. And I had an air filter that I would clean out every day and the breathe the black in. So I got like a whopping dose of Mercury. And it took a couple years for it to kind of cause this problem. But from one day to the next, I went from being great to not being great. And my gut broke down. I had diarrhea for years.

(5m 3s):
My cognitive function completely went south. It was like I had dementia, a, d, d and depression all at once. I ended up having autoimmune stuff going on and just rashes and sores. And I couldn't think, I literally almost had to go into disability. And I met a person who interests me to this guy, Jeff Bland, who studied with Linus Pauling and had a very different view of health that really was more around the framework of the body as a network, as a system, as an ecosystem where everything is connected. And that it wasn't reductionist, it was inclusive. And when, when we go to medical school, we we're taught to ask for the symptoms, look for the signs, do the lab testing, and come up with a singular diagnosis to explain everything.

(5m 46s):
And, you know, if if there's extraneous symptoms that don't fit the thing we're looking for, then we dismiss it. You know, if you go to the, the, the, the, the doctors for, for migraines and you say, well, I got irritable bowel. Oh, go see the GI doctor, or I have this rash. You go, oh, see the dermatologist. But the truth is, the body's connected and everything's connected. And so Functional Medicine is really about understanding the body as a network, as a system. And it's a, it's a meta framework for understanding biology like a net. I think of it as an operating system. It's not based on just diagnostic testing or Supplements, which a lot of people think It is. It's really based on understanding the network about, so we were doing microbiome testing. We didn't call it that. It was just poop testing back then.

(6m 28s):
You know, we were, we were looking at hormones at mitochondria and inflammation and insulin resistance and all the things that are toxic, environmental Toxins in, they were all in health. And we're trying to understand how the body started to sort of work. And through that process, I literally had to reverse engineer my way back to health by understanding all the systems. So my adrenal shut down, my thyroid wasn't working. My mitochondrial were terrible. My muscle enzymes were super high. Like CPK were super high. 'cause I had a mitochondrial injury, which is the little, you know, factories in your cells that make energy. I had severe cognitive issues and neurotransmitter issues and sleep issues. I mean, immune issues, rashes. So my whole system broke down. So I literally had to learn every system of the body and how it worked and how it connected to every other system, and then create a healing plan for myself.

(7m 13s):
And that allowed me to recover. So that really taught me to, there's this new way of thinking. And I remember when I, I was working at Canyon Ranch as a, as a medical director, and I would see all these patients coming in, and I, I started to think, well, you know, I'm gonna try to do this on my patients and see what happens and just apply these principles. And I call 'em the laws of biology, right? We don't have laws, laws of biology that we can easily describe or laws of medicine. We have laws of physics, but that doesn't mean there aren't laws of biology. And what Functional Medicine, I believe is, is the, is the first clinical application of this understanding of the laws of biology. And there's like scientists at like Lero Hood who created the institute for a system biology.

(7m 52s):
And folks like at Harvard, like Kabari was studying this and wrote a book called Network Medicine about the bodies, a network. But for me, I had to start to, you know, apply this in clinic. And so I would, people, people come into autoimmune diseases or with intractable depression or with terrible gut issues or dementia or autism or you name it, diabetes. And I would apply these principles and they'd get better. And I literally, I would say, eat this way, don't eat that. You know, it's simple stuff. Like it was not, you know, not complicated. And six weeks later, I'd say they follow up visit. I'd say, oh, so how you doing? Oh, all my sins are better. I'm like, what? Really? Your migraines are gone. Like, I didn't believe it.

(8m 32s):
Like, it was such a shock to me as a traditionally trained physician that people were actually getting better. And so then I knew, I knew this was something real, even though it was sort of 30 years ago, it was just sort of not even on the radar. It still is pretty, pretty much not on the radar. Although like New York Times is doing articles about it now. Things Are changing, things are changing slowly. But they're, but they're changing, I think, which sort of dovetails with the question I was going to ask, which is how did the medical establishment view this stuff? You know, these days it's so complicated without, you know, taking off on a tangent here, you know, the word expert is gated politically. Yeah. Like one side feels like they, you can only be called expert if you're with their camp. The other side is now associated with kind of more of a, like a, like a wellness aspect.

(9m 19s):
Yeah. And, you know, and I don't even have to say which side I'm referring to here. And it's, it's become a real clash of, you know, we only believe in randomized control trials or, you know, there's clearly evidence that, you know, nutrition matters. And it's like, of course both things are important. Right? Right. And so what you're describing here is that you, this Intersection, This intersection, and there really isn't a political home for the intersection. No. Unfortunately. Maybe in these new, in this new, I didn't know cells had a political ideology. That's right. That's right. No, that's, that's right. I got the red cell and the blue Cell. That's right. Exactly. And, and that's what I love about you is that you, you, you, you have friends in both camps and, and you're willing to trudge forward what, what did the medical establishment think?

(10m 1s):
Yeah. And, and how many of you are there now? Yeah, It's a great question. I mean, I remember talking about leaky gut almost 30 years ago and talking to a allergists and immunologists and gut people Thought you were crazy And people thought I was a loony tune. Same thing with chronic fatigue, by the way. Yeah. I remember when Chronic Fatigue Syndrome was considered a psychosomatic. Yeah. It's just, it's, you know, people are crazy if they think they have this. Yeah. And we now know, like fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue and leaky gut. This all used to be, for those that are listening that are a little bit younger than Mark and I, that that was considered pseudoscience. Totally. Just the whole notion, there are now departments at major university medical centers devoted to each one of these.

(10m 47s):
That's right. And maybe not whole departments, but but sectors within departments. Yeah. I think it's, it's crazy how things have changed. And so now, you know, we have people who are talking about mitochondria in medicine. Like, like Christopher Palmer, who's a Harvard professor, psychiatrist, who's studying psychiatric disease and the application of diet nutrition to treat bipolar's or schizophrenia, or I will say Sta Stanford, sorry to cut you off now, has a division within our department of psychiatry on a Metabolic Psychiatry. Yeah. In large part thanks to Chris's work. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. And so, so Metabolic Psychiatry is about, you know, the role of sort of insulin resistance and inflammation in the brain as causing depression and causing anxiety and more severe things like bipolar disease since born schizophrenia.

(11m 34s):
And these are the things that I saw, like in my patients. So I wasn't an academic, but I, I would just look at their story and listen to it. And I would look at the underlying biology. 'cause you know, you, you talk about this sort of intersection of the, sort of the biohacking kind of wellness and medical community. Leehood has a term for this. He calls it scientific wellness. And when people ask me what Functional Medicine is, I say it's the science of creating health as opposed to the science of treating disease. When you create health disease goes away as a side effect. So if you optimize your basic body systems, your gut, your immune system, your mitochondria, your detox system, your hormonal regulatory system, when you optimize those things, symptoms go away. And you don't have to treat all the different branches of the trees and leaves on the trees.

(12m 16s):
You treat the root in the trunk, which is what Functional Medicine does.

(12m 19s):
I'd like to take a quick break and thank our Sponsor, Joovv Joovv makes medical grade red light therapy devices. Now, if there's one thing that I have consistently emphasized on this podcast, It is the incredible impact that light can have on our biology. Now, in addition to sunlight, red light, and near infrared light sources have been shown to have positive effects on improving numerous aspects of cell and organ health, including faster muscle recovery, improved skin health and wound healing, improvements in acne, reduced pain and inflammation, even mitochondrial function and improving vision itself. What sets Joovv Lights apart and why they're my preferred red light therapy device is that they use clinically proven wavelengths, meaning specific wavelengths of red light and near infrared light in combination to trigger the optimal cellar adaptations. Personally, I use the Joovv whole body panel about three to four times a week. And I use the Joovv handheld light both at home and when I travel. If you'd like to try Joovv, you can go to Joovv spelled JOO vv.com/huberman. Joovv is offering an exclusive discount to all Huberman Lab listeners with up to $400 off Joovv products. Again, that's Joovv spelled JOOV v.com/huberman to get up to $400 off.

(13m 31s):
Today's episode is also brought to us by Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep Makes Smart Mattress covers with cooling, heating and sleep tracking capacity. Now, I've spoken before on this podcast about the critical need for us to get adequate amounts of quality sleep each and every night. Now, one of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to ensure that the temperature of your sleeping environment is correct. And that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep, your body temperature actually has to drop about one to three degrees. And in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized, your body temperature actually has to increase by about one to three degrees. Eight Sleep automatically regulates the temperature of your bed throughout the night according to your unique needs. Now I find that extremely useful because I like to make the bed really cool at the beginning of the night, even colder in the middle of the night and warm as I wake up. That's what gives me the most slow wave sleep and rapid eye movement sleep. And I know that because Eight Sleep has a great sleep tracker that tells me how well I've slept and the types of sleep that I'm getting throughout the night. I've been sleeping on an Eight Sleep mattress cover for four years now, and it has completely transformed and improved the quality of my sleep. Their latest model. The POD four Ultra also has snoring detection that will automatically lift your head a few degrees in order to improve your airflow and stop you from snoring. If you decide to try Eight Sleep, you have 30 days to try it at home and you can return it if you don't like it, no questions asked, but I'm sure that you'll love it. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman to save up to $350 off your pod. Four Ultra Eight Sleep ships to many countries worldwide, including Mexico and the Uua E. Again, that's Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman to save up to $350 off your pod four Ultra.

(15m 6s):
For example, can I tell you a quick story? Please? I want to tell a story about a patient who had a Cleveland Clinic, which actually by the way was amazing that Toby Cosgrove, who's one of the most renowned figures in medicine as CEO of was the CEO of C Cleveland Clinic for years, invited me to come start a center for Functional Medicine there. And we, we've done, you know, been 10 years now, we've done a ton of research. This one patient came to see me and she had a whole list of problems. And that's why jokingly call myself a holistic doctor. 'cause I take care of care of people with a whole list of problems. I wanna know everything. And Functional Medicine is inclusive rather than exclusive. It's like, rather than discarding things that don't fit your diagnosis, we wanna know everything about you of how you're born, whether you're breastfed, whether you took antibiotics and traumas, any Toxins you're exposed to, whether you eat fish, what, like, we wanna know everything.

(15m 50s):
And so this woman came to see me. She had psoriatic arthritis, which was a terrible disease where your joints break down. You had, you know, those heartbreak of psoriasis, the rashes and itchy plaques on your skin. But she had a whole bunch of other stuff too. She had migraines, she had pre-diabetes, she had depression. She was a 50-year-old health coach who, I mean life coach who and business coach, who was very successful, was struggling. She had terrible reflux, irritable bowel syndrome. So she had all these clusters of diseases. And I said, gee, what are these things have in common? What's the root inflammation? And I know you've talked a lot about this on your podcast, but inflammation is sort of the root of many chronic illnesses, whether that's obesity, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, dementia, autism, depression. I mean, the list goes on and on. Autoimmune allergy, obviously.

(16m 31s):
And I said, why don't you, you, why don't we look at your gut because you're having a ton of gut symptoms. You have terrible bloating, distension, what I call food baby, you know? And you know, and she eats something like get a food baby. And she also had been on a history of lots of antibiotics and steroids for her rheumatoid, her psoriatic arthritis. And so I said, look, why don't we just treat your gut and then see what happens. So we put her on an elimination diet and we eliminated all the inflammatory foods and things that were causing fermentation that could kind of cause the back bad bacteria in her gut to ferment the foods and cause em bloating and leaky gut. We basically took out dairy, gluten, grains, sugar, Processed Foods, put it on Whole Foods, anti-inflammatory microbiome, healing diet.

(17m 11s):
We, Gabriel, I think I can give her a Vitamin D fish oil, some probiotics, really simple stuff. And I said, come back in six weeks and we'll do some diagnostics and in the meantime do do this program. Then come back. She came back, she says, well, all my symptoms are gone. And I stopped all my medication. I'm like, oh, I didn't ask you to stop your medication. Right, right. But she was on Stelara, which costs $50,000 a year. It's a immune biologic. She was on a host of other doc drugs from her psychiatrist, from her migraine doctor for her irritable bowel, for her reflux. I mean, it was like a whole pile of pills. She was off everything and she had no symptoms and she was all better. And she lost 20 pounds. And it wasn't an, it wasn't an anomaly or a miracle, it was just following the principles of how the body works. You know? And, and in that textbook network medicine, they talk about how we need to understand mechanisms and causes, not just symptoms and diagnoses.

(17m 59s):
And we need to understand that, that there's multi causality for different problems. So it may be not just one thing that causes the disease, right? You might have Toxins, you might be your diet, you might have your microbiome issues, you might, you know, have some other trauma or stress and all those things like kind of are the soup that then breaks the system down so it gets sick. And so my job is basically to see where are the things that are broken down and how do I help repair them? How to remove the Root Causes, whether it's Mercury or whether it's mold, or whether it's, you know, your microbiome having dysbiosis or whether it's a trauma that you should deal with through MDME assisted psychotherapy, which hopefully will be passed soon. You know, there's all sorts of things to do to help the body, but we have to have the, the framework for having the right assessment of someone otherwise they don't get better.

(18m 46s):
And, and you know, I've had the privilege as working at Canyon Ranch to my own private practice of doing tens of thousands of dollars worth their testing potentially on tens of thousands of patients over decades and seeing literally millions and millions of data points of their story and their labs and their treatment and their outcomes. And so I have this really deep understanding of all the ways in which these systems interact and connect. And so I think people, you know, can map out what's happening in their biology in ways that now tell them what's really going on. And we're seeing that happening. The, the testing community is growing and the the people wanna know what's going on in their bodies and they're using wearables and they're using CGMs and all kinds of, of self-diagnostic tools, which I think are important. 'cause people aren't getting the answer from the traditional medical system.

(19m 28s):
Well, and a lot of physicians, unlike you, frankly, don't look very healthy, which people can say, okay, well it shouldn't be about, about looks, but, you know, if I was at the dentist and I look up and my dentist is snaggle toothed and decaying teeth doesn't bring me a lot of confidence. You look Pretty good for a hundred, huh? Yeah. You look great. And you're, and you're super vital. I think you know, this, this idea of, of systems biology and health is really important for people to understand because, you know, I I always say, well, there are two sayings. I didn't say the first, the first one was taught to me when I was a graduate student, which is, you know, a drug is a substance that when injected into an animal or human produces a scientific paper.

(20m 9s):
Meaning, meaning anytime you manipulate a variable, there are two things that if you, oftentimes if you inject a drug at a high enough dose, you'll see an effect. Yeah. If you deprive sleep, you'll see an effect. And that points to several things. But I think both of them have a vector in the direction of this system's biology. Mm. You know, if everything modulates, everything else. So if your gut is off, it's gonna modulate your sleep, which is gonna modulate your cognition. And if you are, if you were to boost your, you know, some vitamin level ridiculously high or have it ridiculously low, it's involved in thousands of processes in the body. Yeah. And so if you look at any one of those, you might see a subtle effect.

(20m 51s):
I think the challenge of reductionist science and reductionist medicine is because the goal in good science is to isolate variables. Yeah. You can't by definition actually look at a whole system. Although now with ai, maybe you could explore how adjusting one variable impacts pretty much every major system of the brain and body. Yeah. But it's just very hard to do. And as somebody who's done laboratory science for, gosh, well over 25 years and instructed other people how to do it and graduate students and postdocs, I mean, it's, it's, it's an art, but it's a, it's limited in terms of what it can reveal. Yeah. And, and we work as a system. So I think this is what we're getting at here. So you're saying the scientific process itself precludes us from really understanding things because we can't study things in the way that need to be studied?

(21m 36s):
Well, Yeah. Like let's say you come into my lab and I wanna study how, you know, increasing l-carnitine for instance impacts your mood immune system function and sleep. I can do that study, but even that is just an infinitely complex study. I could do dose response, I'll probably do oral versus injectable, and then I can't control unless it's in laboratory animals. Yeah. On a, on a same genetic background. I can't control whether or not one person's, you know, having a Snickers and the other person is having a Snickers and telling me. And then one person's lying. And I mean, It is so hard to do controlled science. So what we end up doing is we end up creating very artificial environments, very artificial conditions and isolating variables and outcomes.

(22m 16s):
Yeah. And at the same time, genomic sequencing proteomics have allowed us to identify interesting genes that have a potential role in longevity or Stem Cells and yamanaka factors. Yeah. And so I feel like it cuts both ways. Yeah. And so as a physician, when somebody comes in and I, and I'm asking this question so that people can think about their own health, if people are feeling like not well. Yeah. Right. Where do you start? Yeah. Like, like this thing, that question like where do you start? You start with how you're sleeping, how you're eating skin tone. Yeah. I imagine you can look at somebody and kind of get a sense of their vibrancy at the level of their eyes. Like where do you, I can tell people's blood work and I just by looking at 'em. There You go.

(22m 56s):
So, so where do you start? Like what, what's the, what should we, when we look in the mirror in the morning, what, what are we looking for? I think that's a great question. I, I think that, you know, just to back up one, one second. I think, you know, you talked about, you know, putting high dose of something in or a lack of sleep. Functional Medicine is about understanding the answer to two very simple questions. And then designing a treatment model based on the answers to those questions. And the questions are one, what are you exposed to that's interrupting your normal function? Hence Functional Medicine. What is it? What is it's bugging you? What's pissing your system off? Is it, and there's a short list, Andrew.

(23m 36s):
It's, It is Toxins and it can be internal endogenous Toxins or external Toxins like Heavy Metals or pesticides or glyphosate or a million other things. It's infections or microbes. So it can be, you know, post covid syndrome with precis of spike protein. It can be Epstein bio virus that leads to ms. It can be Lyme disease. It can be your microbiome being off, which is the truth for most of us, it's allergens, which are things that your body's reacting to both environmental allergens or could be food allergens or food sensitivities, which is not truly an allergen, but it's more of an adverse reaction to food from leaky gut. It can be poor diet, which I think most of us understand what that is. It can be stress.

(24m 16s):
And that can be physical, mechanical stress, like being hit by a car or psychological stress or your, the meaning you make from a psychological stress, which is really what caused you to be sick. I know you've had gabo on your, your podcast. No, Not yet. We haven't had gabo on. No, but, but we've had a number of people talking about the relationship between mind and body and stress and certainly it's a profound connection. Yeah. So you have this list of five things that interacts with your genome and it's, is really what we call the Exposome zone. What's, what your genes are exposed to is far more predictive than your genome. Your Exposome. 'em includes sum total of everything you're exposed to on the positive and the negative, all the things I just listed, but also all the Ingredients for Health. So I identify what are the Impediments for health and then what are the Ingredients for Health.

(24m 58s):
And the Ingredients for Health are not complicated. We're biological organisms. Right. Despite trying to live outside of our biological constraints, we need the right kind of food. Right. Whole Foods. What does that look like? Michael Pollan said, eat food mostly plants, not too much. Right. Or not too much. Mostly plants. Something like that. And it's basically eating foods that's, that's as close to nature as you can find. It Grew outta the ground or had a pulse. Yeah, yeah. Basically. Right. He says, eat food that's grown in a plant, not made in a plant. And I used to lecture these churches and I said, it's really simple. Figure out what to eat. Ask yourself, did God make it or did man make it? Did God make it twine? No. Did he make an avocado? Yes. Would our ancestors recognize it? Yeah. Like would your great grandmother know what a Lunchable was or a Go-Gurt was?

(25m 41s):
Or So, so this generally means eating foods that are single ingredient foods or foods that combine, only combine single ingredient foods. Single ingredient foods. Yeah. Like you go label, you gotta, I read the labels. Like you look at it. Do I recognize this? Would I have this in my kitchen? Do I have butylated hydroxy toluene in my kitchen? Or red dye number three? Probably not. Right? Unless you're grandma making cupcakes that are really red, but so, so food, fruit, Vegetables. Yeah, meat Fish. Fruit vegetables. Yeah. Quality dairy. Yeah. I mean I've written so many books on this, the PE and diet, food, what the heck should I eat? I wanted to call it food. What the fuck should I eat? But my publisher wouldn't let me. But Nowadays they probably would. I feel like they curse everywhere. So there's like, we can, we can dive into nutrition, but just assume like you need, depending on your age and your sex and your, what you're doing with your life, you need the right nutrition of whole real food.

(26m 29s):
Can I just ask you, we'll just quickly double click into there. What's your view on Seed Oils? O No, just, you know, I'll say mine. I like olive oil and butter. Yeah. Coconut oil and things like avocados and some Brazil nuts and walnuts and stuff. So I, since I don't count calories, I kind of have an intuitive sense. Yeah. Of what I'm taking in. How much fat, how much protein, how much Starch, how much, you know, fibers, carbs, et cetera. So for me, like I wouldn't pick canola oil 'cause I could pick olive oil. Right, right. And I make sure it's real olive oil and I, but I don't think Seed Oils necessarily will kill me. But guess why they, I know they won't kill me 'cause I don't eat 'em.

(27m 11s):
We should be eating whole food fats as much as possible. Right. Avocados, coconut nuts and seeds. You know, Omega three fats from fish, olive oil, which is min the most minimally processed oil you can get extra virgin olive oil and, and, and we're eating nuts and seeds. We're getting a lot of Omega sixes. So the big theory behind Seed Oils is that It is Omega six rich. It's imbalanced with Omega threes. They cause inflammation. The way they're produced and grown is problematic. They're usually GMO crops like canola oil. They spray lots of chemicals on them. Those chemicals get in the oil. They're manufactured in an industrial way that oxidizes them, that uses hexane to get rid of sort of the, some of the compounds in it.

(27m 53s):
Deodorizes them. Bleaches them. And then they're easily oxidized. So what I want to eat in an industrial food product, probably not. Do we know for sure that it's a problem? I think the data's mixed. I mean there's some studies that show epidemiologically that, you know, people who eat more of these plant-based oils or Seed Oils have reduced risk of diseases. But we don't know what they're doing. And there's food frequency questionnaires and there's these studies are proving correlation, not causation and What it's replacing. Sorry to interrupt here, but you know, I'll see the data that Seed Oils are better for people than butter. Okay. I like grass fed butter, but I don't eat it in excess. Yeah. I once joked about that and I like bummed I made some jokes early on and having a podcast not realizing the implications.

(28m 36s):
Yeah, yeah. But anyway, I am very careful now I have some butter in moderation. Yeah. But so I could imagine that if you're eating a lot of lard and butter and bacon fat and you replace it with Seed Oils, you'll get healthier. But maybe, maybe, maybe. But you could imagine, I guess it depends on what else you're ingesting. Yeah. Because the carbo, the Starch fat combination is the one that gets people, in my opinion. That's right. That's right. But Right. Somebody could be eating a lot of meat and fruit and doing okay. No, don't eat like your butter with a bagel. Put it on your broccoli. 'cause that the, the saturated fat refined Starch combo is what's killing us. I wish people would really hear you on this. It's not fat per se.

(29m 17s):
It's not starches per se. It's the combination of fat and Starch and in particular fat Starch and sugar. Yeah. Well, Starch sugar. Starch sugar like below the neck, your body can tell if it's a bowl of sugar or a bowl of corn flakes or a bagel or a bowl of sugar. So if I put a pad of, of butter on a, on a bowl of white rice, is it that bad? No, not really. Okay. But if I put a pad of butter on a muffin, it's bad news bears. Yeah. It's double. You're doubling down on the sugar. Yeah. And I think, you know, to, to answer your question about the CL, the data's not really completely answering this. And it's part of the problem with nutrition. There's not enough nutrition science. The one large randomized controlled trial that was done on like 9,000 people, not on 90 people or 50 people or 30 people, which a lot of these studies are.

(30m 3s):
But on 9,000 people that were randomized in a psychiatric hospital would be unethical to do today. It was done by Ansel Keys, it was the Minnesota coronary experiment funded by the NIH where they basically gave half the group butter and half the group corn oil. Now corn oil is a pure Omega six oil as opposed to soybean, which is mixed Omega three canola, mixed Omega three six oils. And what they found was striking, they found that the group that had the corn oil for every 30 point drop in LDL Cholesterol, the risk of death from heart attacks or strokes went up by 22%. Which is completely the opposite of what we think in medicine.

(30m 44s):
Which is LDL is the boogeyman. That's LDL is the bad Cholesterol or L for lousy Cholesterol. It's not so simple. And I think, I think these oversimplification of, you know, let's say these Seed Oils lower LDL, therefore they're good. It is just too simplistic. But, but if would I, would I for example, have a corn oil that was expeller pressed or that was organic or canola oil that was, or sunflower or safflower oil? Yeah. I mean I don't, I'm not worried about those in small amounts, but that's not what most people are doing. Most people are eating, most of their diet is Ultra Processed Foods. 60% of the adults, 67% of kids is basically junk food. And the major oil in those are these refined oils.

(31m 24s):
So is it the oils, is it the junk food? They're just a vehicle for this. And we've increased our consumption. For example, the main seed oil or bean oil, it's not really a seed, is soybean oil by a thousand fold since 1900. Now I'm sort of an evolutionary thinker. I'm like, what did our, how are our bodies designed and what should we be doing with them? And like, you know, you talk a lot about light and that's like, you know, you went to sleep with the sun, you woke up with the sun, it was just how things were and you had circadian rhythms. And our whole biological clocks and rhythms are screwed up 'cause of how we live. Yeah. Well We evolved under the major constraint of sunrise and sunset. That's right. And artificial lighting is a wonderful thing.

(32m 5s):
But I think there's highly processed light, it's devoid of long wavelengths. Yeah. The, the eradication basically of incandescent bulbs and all these LEDs and I Highly processed lighting Everything. Daylight savings times it, it's really messing people up. Yeah. Yeah. I mean say oh it's just an hour. No actually it's your mental health. Yeah. When it comes to the seed oil thing, I actually predict that Seed Oils will lose. I think in the end it's just obvious like why wouldn't people just say, you know what, the seed oil thing may or may not be a problem. I'm just gonna eat olive oil and a little bit of butter. Yeah. That's kind of my View. It seems so simple to me. That's my view. Like until, it's kind of my view is if you have a new, new to nature kind of compound or a, an unnaturally high amount of something that we're having in our diet.

(32m 45s):
I mean sugar was always around. We would get honey, we, whatever. But we'd have 22 teaspoons a year as hunter gathers. Now we have that every day for every American. If you had a magic wand and you could get rid of Seed Oils or you could get rid of highly refined sugars in modern American diet, what, which one would Use? Yeah, no contest. It's Starch and sugar that's driving our metabolic crisis. Like by a huge factor. By a huge factor. If does that mean no pasta? No bread? Bread? It Doesn't mean no, no anything. It just means the volume of stuff we're eating. It is like we're eating pharmacologic Doses. It's 152 pounds of sugar and 133 pounds of flour, which has a higher glycemic index than sugar.

(33m 25s):
Really? Yeah. Well that's how it's set. It's set at, at white bread It is a hundred. I see. And then sugar's 80 'cause it's fructose and glucose. So you have to break that apart. And so you're in your glycemic load, which is how it affects your blood sugar. Fructose doesn't raise your blood sugar, glucose raises your blood sugar. So where do we go wrong? Because I was a teen in the nineties. I don't, until I discovered fitness, I I, I didn't eat poorly at home. My mom cooked Whole Foods, pop Tarts, crab, macaroni and Cheese. So we weren't allowed that stuff. But dang S margarine, We weren't allowed that stuff. But we had our like honey nut cheerios that's not Preserved. We had our Honey Nut Cheerios and things like that, but we ate mostly Whole Foods and then not from, there wasn't Whole Foods market back then, but whole unprocessed ling Processed Foods.

(34m 10s):
But I ate my fair share of, you know, pizza slices and burritos in college and stuff like that. But, and I was active but I wasn't a, a serious athlete. But then somewhere around 2010 forward, I feel like everything, you know, again, just to be very direct there, there was probably one kid or two kids in my school that were, were obese. Yeah. Now depending on where you live, you see 60, 70, 80% of kids are obese. Yeah. So I mean, what, where, what Happened? I want to answer that and I wanna come back to the loop of what I was trying to complete on your, the big thought of like, how does the body work and how do you create health and what do you do? Please. Yeah, because you asked me that question, I want to lose that question.

(34m 54s):
What, what happened was there was this rise in cardiovascular disease in America and there was this thought that saturated fat and fat was the bad guy. And this was the McGovern port in the seventies that went on to be the dietary guidelines that went on to be the food pyramid. And the food pyramid essentially told us that fat was the enemy. So it's only at the very tippy top fat nose, sparingly. Bottom of the pyramid was six to 11 servings of bread, rice, cereal, and pasta a day. Which Sounds like a recipe for being hungry all the time And being obese right now. We didn't know at the time, but it became really clear that that was a bad idea pretty quick.

(35m 35s):
And, and the hockey stick rise in obesity, type two diabetes tracks perfectly with that in information. The American public trusted the government, they trusted the scientists. And when they said fat's, bad carbs are good, everybody listened. Eggs, Eggs, eggs are bad, eggs Are bad fat's, bad cholesterol's, bad meat's bad red. Matt's be so people ate less red meat, they ate less eggs, they ate less fat. And then we got snack. Well cookies, you know, we got like, you know, low fat ice cream and like, and the sugar just went through the roof. And so that's when you see this, this explosive rise. And there's other factors. Our microbiome affects our weight. Environmental Toxins affect your metabolism. So there's a whole bunch of things happen in tandem, but it, that probably is the single biggest thing.

(36m 20s):
So if someone asking for me, should I worry about soybean oil or sugar and Starch, it's a hundred percent sugar and Starch.

(36m 27s):
I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our Sponsors function. I recently became a function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach to lab testing. While I've long been a fan of blood testing, I really wanted to find a more in-depth program for analyzing my blood, urine, and saliva to get a fuller picture of my heart health, my hormone status, my immune regulation status, my metabolic function, my vitamin and mineral status, and other critical areas of my overall health and vitality function. Not only provides testing of over 100 biomarkers key to physical and mental health, but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from top doctors. For example, in one of my first tests with function, I learned that I had an elevated level of Mercury in my blood function. Not only helped me detect that, but also offered insights on how to best reduce my Mercury levels, which included limiting my tuna consumption. And frankly I had been eating a lot of tuna at that time while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens and supplementing with NAC and Acetylcysteine, both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification. And by the way it worked. My Mercury levels are now well within healthy range. Comprehensive lab testing like that is super important for health because basically a lot of things are going on in our blood and elsewhere in our body that we can't detect without a quality blood and urine test. And while I've strived to get those tests for many years, it's always been overly complicated and frankly quite expensive Function dramatically simplifies all of it and makes it very affordable. I've been so impressed by function that I decided to join their scientific advisory board and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring this podcast. If you'd like to try function, you can go to function health.com/huberman for this week only. April 14th to April 20th, 2025 function is offering a $100 credit to the first 1000 people to sign up for a function membership. To get this $100 credit, use the code HUBERMAN 100 at checkout. Visit function health.com/huberman to learn more and get started.

(38m 23s):
Today's episode is also brought to us by Rocha. I'm excited to share that. Rocha and I recently teamed up to create a new pair of red lens glasses. These red lens glasses are meant to be worn in the evening after the sun goes down. They filter out short wavelength light that comes from screens and from LED lights, which are the most common indoor lighting nowadays. I want to emphasize ROKA red lens glasses are not traditional blue blockers. They do filter out blue light, but they filter out a lot more than just blue light. In fact, they filter out the full range of short wavelength light that suppresses the hormone melatonin. By the way, you want melatonin high in the evening and at night makes it easy to fall and stay asleep. And those short wavelengths trigger increases in cortisol. Increases in cortisol are great in the early part of the day, but you do not want increases in cortisol in the evening and at night. These ROKA red lens glasses ensure normal healthy increases in melatonin and that your cortisol levels stay low, which is again what you want in the evening and at night. In doing so, these ROKA red lens glasses really help you calm down and improve your transition to sleep. ROKA red lens glasses also look great. They have a ton of different frames to select from and you can wear them out to dinner or concerts and you can still see things. I don't recommend you wear them while driving just for safety purposes. But if you're out to dinner, you're at a concert, you're at a friend's house or you're just at home, pop those rocha red lens glasses on and you'll really notice the difference in terms of your levels of calm and all the sleep stuff I mentioned earlier. So it really is possible to support your biology, be scientific about it and remain social at the same time. If you like. If you'd like to try ROKA, go to ROKA dot com, that's ROKA dot com and enter the code huberman to save 20% off your first order. Again, that's ROKA dot com and enter the code huberman at checkout.

(40m 5s):
So, so the nineties low fat thing Yeah. Was a disaster. And I wrote a wrote called Eat Fat Get Thin, where I cataloged the whole history of how we got there and what the problems were and what the science is telling us about what we should be eating about the reconsidering saturated fat being bad. It's bad if you're eating it in the context of star and sugar. For most people it's not. And if you're obese or metabolically unhealthy, it actually can be better for you. There's a lower risk of diabetes and epidemiological studies with butter and milk fat. So I don't, I think, I think we have to kind of like, I know nutrition's a very complicated subject, but I mean, or not. Or Right. I don't know. I'm beginning think that nutrition is a very straightforward subject. It should be.

(40m 45s):
It should be. But yeah, and I, I confess I've had some pretty diametrically opposed views from guests on this podcast. We had Robert Lustig on the podcast, we had Lane Norton on the podcast. Yeah. You get those two on separate podcasts and they are like at loggerheads with one another. Yeah. Right now lane's correct in that total caloric load matters. Yeah. It's not everything, but it matters. I would say many people have a hard time limiting their intake of starchy carbohydrates. Especially if you put a little bit of fat on there. Yeah. It just becomes a different food entirely. Eating a bowl of white rice is pretty tasty. Eating a bowl of white rice with a pad of butter and a little bit of salt on there is a completely different experience. Totally. A piece of sourdough bread is one thing.

(41m 27s):
A piece of sourdough bread soaked in a little bit of olive oil with some salt. I'm eating half the look pretty good. Pretty good. Right. And I have pretty good SelfControl. So, so this is where I think like we, we there's the debates have become almost silly. Yeah. And I, I appreciate that you're being very direct with us here. So let take us back. So you said there are Ingredients for Health and they are Impediments to health. Yeah. So the, the Ingredients for Health are, are not, again, not a long list. 'cause we're human beings. We need the right food, we need the right num amount of nutrients. And it's different for different people. Our, you might not know this, but Bruce Ames did an incredible paper who recently gy one of the Giants of Science saying that one third of our entire DNA codes for enzymes. All enzymes require co-factors. Most co-factors are vitamins and minerals.

(42m 8s):
And there's a huge genetic variability in how much different people need. Some people need a thousand units of Vitamin D, some people need 5,000, some people need 400 micrograms of folate, some people need 4,000 micrograms of folate. And so he, he kind of explained that very carefully. We have to find the right amount of nutrients for you. You need the conditionally essential nutrients people don't think are absolutely essential. But things like coq 10 and various things that, that the body requires that we may not get enough. Then you need light, you need water, you need clean air, you need movement, you need rest. And I would say that in a parasympathetic state, kinda what I mean by rest, you need sleep, you need connection, love, meaning, purpose. These are all Ingredients for Health.

(42m 49s):
And, and any one of those can make you sick. Whether it's just being isolated alone or not having a purpose in your life. If you have meaning and purpose in your life. It was a jam and paper I published that you're likely to have seven years longer now if you cut out all cancer and heart disease from the face of the planet. The extension of life expectancy seven years, the, The mind is incredible. I have a colleague at Stanford who works in the sleep in the, in the sleep division, sleep medicine. And he said, and I shouldn't tell people this 'cause everyone's supposed to get enough sleep. Right. But he said, if you positively they've done stu, he has a study that shows that if you positively anticipate next day events Yeah. Your sleep need is actually reduced pretty substantially. Amazing. That's good. And the quality of sleep that you get is remarkable.

(43m 30s):
Well that's Why I slept so good last night. I was looking forward to this. Exactly. Well these small things, right? 'cause we all know the experience of like, I only slept five hours, but I got this thing today. I'm really looking forward to. You feel great. Yeah. And so I'm not, I don't think people should only sleep five hours. Most people need more than that. So The idea is basically with Functional Medicine, you take out the bad stuff and you put in the good stuff and each person has a different set of bad stuff and a different set of good stuff. And you have to be detective. And it's the opposite of Traditional Medicine, which is just use a single drug to treat a single mechanism with single disease and a single outcome. You know, like you have high blood pressure, take a high blood pressure drug to lower your blood pressure. We need multimodal treatments for multi causal diseases. And so what engli English that means is we need to do a lot of different things.

(44m 12s):
Like if you want to garden, you don't just say, I'm gonna put the plant in the air and not water it and not give it soil. Or you're saying I'm not just gonna plant it in the soil, but no light and no water. I mean, you know, and this is the way science is. I remember trying to do a study on Alzheimer's at Cleveland Clinic and the top scientists there was like, we wanted to study these multimodal dimensional approaches to call it the black box approach. Okay, we, everybody's getting a different treatment. It's super personalized, customized based on their own biology. There's no one such thing as Alzheimer's or different Alzheimer's. I dunno if that's a word, but you know what I mean. And that's why we failed so miserably with the amyloid hypothesis. 'cause we're just looking at the end stage phenomenon, which is plaque going into an area that's inflamed to kind of deal with the inflammation.

(44m 56s):
What caused the inflammation is really the question. And it can be variable things. So we start to kind of map these out and when, when you do that and you, you actually get to the Root Causes and you try to treat all the things that are out of balance, people get better. So if you have a Vitamin D deficiency and a folate deficiency and you have a, you know, tons of small bowel overgrowth and you have Heavy Metals and you have all these different problems, you can't just treat one thing and expect the person to get better. You've gotta look at all those things. And some are more primary, some are secondary. But that's the job of a Functional Medicine doctor. It's a detective. And, and for me, what's exciting is, you know, you said how many people do this? Not that many. How many people are like experts who've done this for decades and have seen thousands of patients?

(45m 38s):
A few hundred. Wow. You know, have we, we trained a hundred thousand people. We've have 3,500, I think certified another, I think three or 4,000 in the pipe to be certified. Not that many people who can do this. And this part of the why I created this company called Function health, which you've been, you know, so, so supportive of, which is to allow people to understand what's going on in their own biology, to be empowered, to be the CEO of their own health and to get the data that's gonna help them identify the different things that are going on to actually do something about it. Before We move to health metric monitoring, I do want to ask about Ingredients for Health. You talk about them. Yeah. They're your protocols. Yeah. You just, you don't talk, you don't use that framing. But that's the framing.

(46m 18s):
It's take out the bats to put in the good stuff. The body knows what to do. It's got an innate healing system. Just give it a chance. I think what's so terrible about Traditional Medicine, it has many wonderful features, is that at least it, the way it's communicated in this country is that it assumes that people are lazy and uninterested in their own health. And I fundamentally disagree. Hence this podcast, your podcast, et cetera. I agree too. I believe people want and are willing to take care of themselves if they know how. Okay, so let, let's just assume that the pillars of health, right? Like, like sleep, sunlight, exercise, nutrition, social connection, stress modulation, microbiome. Yes. Et cetera. Okay. Assuming that people are making some effort to do those things correctly or a lot of effort, what are some of the things that you believe cannot be accessed through diet and behaviors?

(47m 11s):
Yeah. That warrant supplementation and the, and I've been interested in Supplements and taking Supplements for 35 years. So to me, when people say, oh, Supplements aren't regulated, I say actually they are regulated to some extent, right? Like there's, they're monitored. You wanna find ones that are third party tested. Indeed, there are a lot of junk Supplements out there. There are probably a lot of Supplements that don't do much. There are probably a lot of Supplements that are only use cases for certain people who have a major deficiency, but what are some of the things that are just very difficult to get from food and from sun? Because we hear, you know, the soil's depleted magnesium. It's hard to get enough. D three. Like if you, if you were to list out hierarchy, let's say about 10 things that you, you feel like, listen, you probably could get it from food, but it's just hard to get these micronutrients.

(47m 58s):
Yeah. What are those things? And, and by the way, folks, this is not a preloaded conversation. We've never had this conversation. No, I know what I take, but I'm just curious. What, what would you, because people will try hard to get things from food. Yeah. But what are the things that they can't get from food or can't get from food easily that you believe everyone should take? Great question. I I thought you were going somewhere else. I thought you were going were, what are the things, if you did everything perfectly and you're still sick, what do you do? Oh, Well, we'll get to, that'll get to that. That's a list of the things that we'll Get to. That 8% Of it you can take care of, but there's some things you need help. Yeah. And that's, we can talk about that. Yeah. I, I think because of how dramatically our Diets changed after the industrial revolution and because of urbanization and our disconnection from nature, we have a lower nutrient intake than we did as Hunter gathers.

(48m 43s):
You know, I, I just came back from Africa and went to the ZA tribe, which is one of the last hunter gatherer tribes, and I gotta to spend a few days with them. And the, the nutrient density of the diet was so much higher. Omega threes and Vitamin D or outside running around on loin cloth, or if you're not, you're living in some coastal area, we're eating extremely fatty fish, which is gonna, the great sources of Vitamin D in the food. They were eating phytochemicals at an incredible rate through eating 800 different species of plants. Now we have three main ones and 12 of the are altogether comprised probably 95% of our diet instead of 800 plants with all kinds of phytochemicals and vitamins and minerals. The soils we're growing food in have depleted the organic matter because of industrial farming and soil erosion and the organics matter.

(49m 28s):
The living soil is what actually helps to allow the plants take up the nutrients from the soil so that there's a symbiotic relationship between organisms in the soil and the plant. And it uses them to help get nutrients free so they get into the plant. So where there's less magnesium, there's less sink, there's less. All these things in our diet. And when you look at the surveys of the American population, there's an ongoing government survey called the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, and essentially goes around the country with vans, test people's blood all the time. And It is like decades old survey. And it's incredible. 'cause you get all this data, they find that like 90 plus percent are low in Omega threes. Probably 80% are insufficient or low in Vitamin D.

(50m 9s):
50 something percent are, are magnesium deficient about the same iron, you know, zinc a little bit less, selenium a little bit less. And it depends on where you live and what you do. And also depends on your diet, you know, so, and what your stage of life is and what your age is and how your absorption is. For example, when you're older, you know, you're, you get decreased stability absorb nutrients and decreased stability absorb, for example, vitamin B12. So at different ages you might need different things. Right. And so what are the basics that I think everybody should take? I think everybody should take Omega three fats, at least Agram or two of E-P-A-D-H-A. Most people need between two to 4,000 inter units of Vitamin D three. I think a good Multivitamin can cover the rest for most people.

(50m 51s):
And when I say good Multivitamin, I mean when with the right bioavailable forms of nutrients. I was in the hospital recently for back surgery and this resident came by and he was, you know, attending a saying, well, I said, I think I need some, you know, magnesium because I I, I'm taking all these painkillers for my surgery and I don't wanna be constipated. He said, oh, you can get this one. I'm, like I said, that's magnesium oxide, that's not well absorbed and it doesn't, not the greatest verb. You meaning magnesium citrate. Yeah. So I said, and I was, he was like, oh, that's really interesting. I didn't know that he wrote it down, but like, so I think, yeah, I have a lot of friends who are physicians and I'll tell you, they come to me for health advice. So that tells you something. That's right. I'm not an md. Yeah. Folks, magnesium, magnesium citrate, LA great laxative.

(51m 34s):
Yeah. G malate, gly for muscles glycinate and, and three inate for for brain and sleep. Yeah. And glycinate for, for also your not, not, you know, tending to be constipated. It's one that you can tolerate and not be constipated. It's also helps with detoxification and sleep and other things. So, and, and so those are the big ones. And I think, you know, I've been diagnostically testing people for decades of nutritional testing with function. We do deep nutritional testing, including Omega three testing and homocysteine looking at methylation, which is a really important thing you've talked about in the podcast. B12 fo a B six, we do Vitamin D testing and we see over 67% are deficient. And this is, this is important to understand, Andrew, 67% are deficient at the minimum level to prevent a deficiency disease.

(52m 16s):
Not the optimal level that you or I might think is good. Like Vitamin D over 45 or a ferritin iron store over 45. They're like, oh, if your vitamin is 30 or more, you're okay. Or if you're ferritin is 16 or more, you're, okay, well if you're ferin 16, you're gonna be tired, you're gonna have brain fog. You could have potentially have hair loss, you could have insomnia. And that's just having low iron stores. And so I, when we're looking at that and we're like seeing what an incredibly depleted population we are in terms of the, of the nutrients we have. So I wish we wouldn't need them and I wish we didn't need them. But the fact is that unless we're eating a very structured diet, and I had a patient once who was had OCD and she's like, I don't want to take any, any vitamins.

(52m 57s):
I said, okay. She says, but I'm gonna eat, I know there's pumpkin seeds have zinc, so I'm gonna have like 14 pumpkin seeds a day, and I need 200 micrograms of selenium, so I'm gonna take four Brazil nuts a day. And she went on and I like, I, I know I need this nutrient, so I'm gonna have this much liver a day. And so she, she was able to figure it out, but most people won't. It's not easy. No. So it sounds like magnesium getting a gram of EPA Omega three, 3000 iu minimum of D three per day. Some iron, some zinc, selenium. Sounds like the, the basics. Yeah. Yeah. And would that be true for teens? 20? Well, for example, you're, you're an older guy, you don't wanna take a lot of iron because you're not get rid of it and you can get iron toxicity.

(53m 40s):
So if you're a menstruating woman, you need more iron. So, but, but what, what I think is the key is figuring out what's right for you. Test don't guess. Most people don't know. And some people may need, you know, 10,000 units of Vitamin D to get the same blood level as somebody else with 1000. And that's 'cause there's different Vitamin D receptors in, there're genetically determined and you can't know by just guessing. Right. I totally agree. But I also totally know that a lot of people won't blood test. So the argument against Supplements has always been you just are creating expensive urine. Which, which, which is a silly one because that's based on water-soluble vitamins only. Right. And By the way, it's a stupid argument.

(54m 20s):
'cause you're like, why drink water? I just pee the rest out of, I mean like why I'm creating, It's silly, it's a silly one. But, so, but the list that we just talked about, D three Omega magnesium, maybe some iron, if you're not an older guy, zinc, selenium. It seems to me those would be good things for most everybody to add to their already healthy diet that has enough prebiotic. Yeah. You know, prebiotic Fiber That, and we're seeing Iodine interesting because people are eating the iodide salt. They're living sea salt and Himalayan salt. We Got too fancy with our salt salt We got. And so we're, we Need table salt. We're not Eating Iodine salt. Now Iodine is not normally found in salt, but it was added to salt as to fortification to Brent goiters or thyroid problems.

(55m 2s):
But a lot of people have thyroid issues. One in five women and one in 10 men have low thyroid function and 50% are not diagnosed. And sometimes just a little Iodine supplementation can help. Or you can eat seaweed, you know, or fish. But a lot of people don't eat seaweed or fish. Right. So, you know, that's, that's how you would get Ida otherwise. So I think, I think people need to kind of figure out what's going on with themselves and based on their diet and their preferences. And if you're a vegan, I mean, you know, I I I think, you know, we're, we're, we're seeing tremendous deficiencies in vegans if they're not supplemented. We hear a lot nowadays about Methylated B 12. Hmm. I decided to just start taking Methylated B 12. Is there a danger to taking Methylated B 12 if you quote unquote don't need it if you're not a poor methylator.

(55m 47s):
It Depends on much you're taking. Mostly not. But you, you, you, you, you can over methylate or under methylate and so you don't want to be doing too much of either or the other. And there's genetics that are involved in actually assessing how your methylation pathways works with genetics around B12, around B six around folate. And you have multiple genes that regulate all these different pathways. So it depends is the answer. And, and, but for most people taking a good Multivitamin, and when I say good, I mean it doesn't have any fillers or binders or additives. It's not blue, it's not titanium dioxide in it. It has forms of the nutrients that actually can get utilized in the absorb better by the body. We talked about magnesium oxide versus glycinate citrate.

(56m 29s):
And that you, that you make sure the company has integrity, that they've third party tested for the purity and the potency. Meaning if it says a thousand units on the label, it's a thousand units, not 10,000 or 2000 or, and then it doesn't have any cross-contamination with adds or chemicals. So sometimes, you know, you get something with an herbal product that comes from China. The, the company didn't realize it was full of lead or whatever, you know, like now we're seeing all these plant proteins with lead in them and Yeah, I wanna make sure that we talk about the Impediments. Things like mold, air, water, cleanliness, things of that sort. But I wanna spend just a little bit longer on this supplement thing maybe 'cause it's so near and dear to my heart.

(57m 11s):
And because it's has sparked a lot of confusion for me. Not Supplements per se, but the reaction to them By Traditional Medicine or Yeah. Why is it that supplementation has received so much pushback from the medical community? And yet I would argue that since 2020 you're going to find Vitamin D three and omegas essential fatty acids and magnesium in many, many more people's kitchens. Meaning they're taking it then prior to that. Yeah. And, and this reminds me of yoga resistance training.

(57m 53s):
You know, yoga was for yogis, resistance training was for bodybuilders and people in the military, now everybody knows men and women. Yeah. Maybe even young people should do It. Is there some argument that they should I, I have my thoughts about young people lifting really heavy. But in any case, the breath work, you know, there's a lot of science now. Meditation, there's tons of science. Yeah. So these things that at one point were considered niche biohacking, woo and unsafe Yeah. Inevitably have seemed to become mainstream. Yeah. Yeah. And I think Supplements is starting to happen now. Yeah. Well it was interesting when I got to Cleveland Clinic in 2014, I said, let's do a survey.

(58m 33s):
There's 3000 physicians. Let's do a survey of the physicians about their beliefs, practices, desires, goals, needs around Supplements. And I was shocked. We got a lot of answers. And I, I'm, I'm, I'm not remembering the exact percentages, but I'll give you the sort of ballparks, like it was over, like, do you take Supplements yourself? Like over 70% of the doctors did. Do you recommend Supplements to your patients? Probably like 20% or less. Did, would you like to have a source where you knew the quality and had recommendations about the safety? Yes. We desperately want to do that. Would you prescribe them to more patients? More if you did? Yes. I'm like, and this used, if you look at every medical specialty, cardiologists are using coq 10, right.

(59m 17s):
And fish oil. And you've got gastroenterologists using probiotics and obviously OB GYNs recommend Supplements for prenatal vitamins. And you've got, you know, pediatricians recommending certain vitamins for kids. And so you look across all the specialties and you're like, well, they're already kind of integrated kind of on the margins, but integrated into their practices. I think this is kind of weird thing where you'd go to a conference and I would do this, doctor, how many people recommend Supplements to their patients? And you know, a few hands will go up. How do you guys take Supplements that, like most the audience would raise their hand. And I thought that was so peculiar because in medicine we're told from a scientific perspective that they're probably expensive urine. And yet most doctors personally want to take them for themselves.

(1h 0m 0s):
So that says a lot. And I, it does say a lot. And I think we're entering an era where I think there's more and more science, we're understanding more about the complexity of individuality and biochemical individuality. And this was, this was, you know, this personalized precision medicine. This is where we're all headed. Right. And one of the, one of the fathers of sort of the thinking in Functional Medicine was Roger Williams who discovered pantothenic acid or vitamin B five. He wrote a book called Biochemical Individuality. And actually his book was the one that got me interested in this in college, because I live with a nutrition PhD student who was talking all about the, basically the gut flora of cows, which he was studying to understand Fiber and the microbiome. And he gave me a book called Nutrition Against Disease by Roger Williams. And it was, this is like in 1980.

(1h 0m 42s):
And I read it and I was like, oh, wow. This is, nutrition is such an important thing. So I think doctors are beginning to understand the value of nutrition, the value of nutritional instead of Supplements, the value of testing for nutrients. It's still slow. But, you know, I think, I think we're gonna get there. There's a whole generation of physicians and scientists that I do think in the current shift in funding for science, different conversation entirely are going to retire. And I'm not sure it's a bad thing. Yeah. I I I don't mind saying this. I've, I, I'm, I don't mind saying it. I think they've done a really wonderful job and, and now it's time to pass the baton. The younger generation and the forward thinking.

(1h 1m 23s):
You know, people in their sixties and seventies are changing the game. Yeah. It's a very different game now. Yeah. And I think it's hard for them to understand that. And, and it's gotta be scary. But the younger generation is much more versed. I will say. I actually would like your reflections on something for someone that's listening to this conversation, they think, oh goodness, now I have to buy organic foods and buy all these Supplements. And let's say somebody has a Limited Budget. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think it's fair to say, okay, if you have a Limited Budget, you would be very wise to get cardiovascular exercise at least three days a week, do some resistance training, which can be done with body weight and could you say, eat, you know, eggs, fish meat, fruits and vegetables, nuts, Eggs and olive oil.

(1h 2m 8s):
And you Yeah. And you're there. Yeah. Right. And if you look at the cost of buying food out versus that, you're, you're probably coming out ahead. 'cause I'm thinking about the college student. Yeah, yeah. I'm thinking about me in college or as a postdoc or a graduate student. Yeah. So I think for, for people that have more disposable income, it makes sense. You know, you, you eat as well as you can. Organic, you supplement, you do you blood test. And I wanna talk about those things. Let's talk about some of the Impediments. And I, I do want to keep budgetary restraints in mind. Yeah. 'cause I think people fall into the category of poor, some disposable income and lots of disposable income. Yeah. And all too often in the bio, you know, the biohacking sphere we're talking about that last category.

(1h 2m 50s):
And we don't want to, we don't wanna lose anyone along the way. Yeah. So air, we had fires here in Los Angeles, it was dreadful. The beach now all the way down to Marina del Rey, I ran down there yesterday. It was completely littered with chunks of charcoal. They mow it under the sand, it's going out to ocean. Most people don't listen to this. Probably don't live in Los Angeles. How bad is our air in the United States, Northern Europe, Australia? Like, like, is is there any clean air Left? I mean, yeah, maybe in the mountains in Colorado. Okay. So, so the air's dirty. I Think, I think, you know, compared to, what is the answer? Like if you go to India or China or some of these developing nations are not even developing anymore.

(1h 3m 37s):
The air is so bad. I mean, they have all kinds of petrochemical products. They, they burn, they have coal factories. I mean, it's just, it's really bad. So in America, I think the air quality in general, it's much, much higher. I think when you have things like wildfires, it's a different ballgame than just the wood smoke itself. If it's just a tree burning is bad enough. But then you burning houses and batteries, fireglass and plastics and fire, you've got PFAS chemicals. And we te actually found that those chemicals go up on their function testing. And people have in LA who've actually been in the fires. Yeah. I need to get tested again since, because I haven't been tested since the fires. I mean, I feel fine. Yeah. But I got outta town. I drove up to San Luis Obispo.

(1h 4m 17s):
Yeah. Parked myself at a, at a big pink hotel called the Madonna Inn and looked, looked at the horses and worked on my book. That's good. The air felt clean. Yeah. But is the air clean when there isn't a fire? I mean, not necessarily. I mean, for example, in it, just to help people understand that air, air moves, it's not like there's just LA Air or you know, Colorado Air in Seattle, they had a big Mercury problem in the air because of China, because northeast China, like Beijing and Har in the winters, they just burn huge amounts of coal. And it goes up in the air and it goes across in the, in the gulf streams and the, and the, and the air streams or whatever they call them.

(1h 4m 60s):
And it gets all the way to Seattle and it rains heavy metal rain. And so no matter where you live, you're, you're kind of exposed to the collective air. There's some for sure areas that are much cleaner. But, but I think that, you know, most people, if you have an air filter in your house where you spend to the most of your time, you're probably, okay. So is this a separate unit air filter? Yeah. Or not. Or You can get one for your house, or which most houses have, and make sure you change the filters. Or you can get a special hep a air filter if you live in a more, you know, urban area or more environmentally toxic area. I love to exercise outside. Is running and breathing harder outside in La Well Or in general? Well, I like to do that wherever I go. But like when I'm, when I'm in New York City, I love to run along the Yeah.

(1h 5m 41s):
The freeway. Yeah. Probably breathing in a lot of junk. You Are. Yeah. I mean, and the question is, what, what's gonna be a problem for you? Like, all of us are toxic soups, right? So it's just the amount over time that builds up. And then eventually, sometimes things can happen. It causes cardiovascular disease, it causes dementia, it causes cancer, it causes diabetes. So Toxins are direct causes of these things, among other things, diet and other things. So I think, you know, you can't go crazy about it. I mean, we are living in the 21st century. You're, we are where we are. Unless you wanna move to like, some remote island in the South Pacific or something. Iceland's looking pretty nice. Iceland's Looking good. Yeah. I mean, like Greenland soon to be the 51st state maybe. Is that Gonna happen? I don't know. I'm just joking.

(1h 6m 22s):
I'm making fun of it. But I mean, you know, like there are places, but I, I think for most of us, we have to just manage it. And like we filter our water. I, you know, I wouldn't drink tap water. There's an average of 37 or eight wastewater contaminants. Including drugs. Including pesticides, including glyphosate. I mean, in hor like hormones who, if, if women are taking the pill or taking hormone replacement therapy, where does that go? There's some amount that gets excreted in the urine. It goes into the water treatment plants. They don't filter that stuff out. I mean, they get the, the bugs out. But you're getting all that stuff in your water. So having a reverse osmosis water filter is a good idea. But I think the cost thing is really important. Andrew, I think, I think one of the people problems people think about is that, oh, it's expensive to be healthy.

(1h 7m 5s):
And I think that's a myth. I think you mentioned a lot of foundational things like eating real food, exercising, getting up sleep, managing stress, breath work. These are things that are free. Your breath is free. You know, you can move your body. You know, you, you can do body weight if you can't even, you know, afford bands. Food is interesting because the Food Industry has been very good at brainwashing Americans that they need highly processed, cheap junk food. Not accounting for the actual cost. That food, which is $3 for every $1 you spend on that food, you're gonna spend $3 in collateral damage to your health, to the economy, to the environment, to social fabric. I mean, this is a Rockefeller report on the true cost of food. But if you actually just look at the, the actual price of the food, if you eat real food, it doesn't have to be expensive.

(1h 7m 49s):
Now, you might not be getting a $70 ribeye that's grass fed from New Zealand. You might be getting like a short ribs that, you know, that aren't organic or grass fed. That's okay. Like whole grains, beans. I mean, I, I'm, I'm grew up, you know, like poor. And we used to like, you know, have, you know, liver and onions, you know, which is like the cheapest. I mean, and That's chicken Liver. Chicken liver. Yeah. Chicken chopped liver, you know what you could say. Yeah. Chicken liver. Not for Me. But, you know, there's been studies that it may cost the same or maybe 50 cents extra day to eat. Well, and there's a guide from the environmental working group called Good Food Under a Tight Budget, which is how to eat well for you and for your wall and the planet. And there, you know, we, we grew up, we have borsch, like it was, was short ribs, which is like the cheapest kind of meat, onions, cabbage, carrots, tomato, canon, tomatoes.

(1h 8m 37s):
It's pretty darn cheap. And you could feed your, like a family of like six for a few bucks, you know? So, and, and there's been a lot written about this, but the Food Industry is great at convincing us that it's elitist. That it's expensive. That it's all organic. Forget about organic, not organic. Regenerative, not regenerative. If you don't have a lot of resources, just focus on eating real food and, and you will do better and feel better and be more productive and walk around not feeling like crap. Do you think that one of the reasons food and nutrition is so complicated in this country is that with the exception of the hamburger, the hot dog apple pie and ice cream, that there isn't really an American cuisine. You know, what's wrong with all that years ago, hot Dogs, hamburger, apple pie, ice cream.

(1h 9m 19s):
Right. Well, years ago, I, I I, I had a, a girlfriend who was from the south of France. She did, she grew up very modestly, did not have wealth at all. But her family ate very well. They put a lot of effort into food. They put a lot of time into food gardens. They had animals. And she knew about, she was in her early twenties. I was in my, my mid twenties and she knew probably 200 recipes Wow. For soups and souffle's and like, I mean, it was like, it was amazing. I ate very well. Yeah. So I feel like one of the things that's really missing in this country is a sense of pride in the healthy food that we can produce here. Yeah.

(1h 9m 59s):
And there's never really been a history of it. No. We have kind of a picture of the farmer and the rancher and then on the west coast you have more of the kind of like natural food movement or the healthy food movement. Alice Waters and Michael Pollen and that kinda thing. But that's considered kind of hippy dippy. I lived in Berkeley, so I can say that. And so, and, and they've made great effort to try and popularize that. But I think that's one of the reasons that we've commoditized food now. And so American food is junk food, cotton candy. That's true. You know, but you know what, what happened was, Andrew was the, after the World War two and 'cause my mother and grandparents were pre that generation. So they had an incredible food culture of real food.

(1h 10m 40s):
You know, my grandmother tells me stories or told me story. She died of, you know, plucking chickens at the local butcher so she could get a nickel to go to the movies, you know? But I feel like that came by way of people's ethnic past because they were first and second generation Immigrants maybe. Fair enough. Fair enough. But still, like what happened was the industrialization of the American food system. So after World War ii, there was all these bomb making factories and all these biochemical biological warfare factories. So they got turned into bomb factories, got turned into fertilizer, which was nitrogen. And the bio biological weapons were pesticides and, and herbicide. So basically, pesticides are biological weapons. They're neurotoxins. That's how they kill the insects. They or sterilized.

(1h 11m 19s):
Yeah. And then we thought everything industrial is good. You know, remember in the sixties, you probably remember they had like better living through chemistry, through DuPont and didn't realize it was killing everybody. Right. And the world's fair, and I mean, I I grew up in Queens and in the World's Fair was in Queens in 1965. And I went, and I, I didn't obviously remember that skit, but I've seen things about it. So the, the, the industrialization of the food supply, the agricultural industrialization with mechanization, the destruction of the soil, the, the Grover growing of starchy carbohydrate crops to feed a growing hungry world. We, we, we, we wanted that. Like we now produce 500 calories more per person in America than we actually need to eat. And we explored a lot of that. So the industrialization was a thing.

(1h 12m 1s):
And then in the fifties, the Food Industry started to make a lot of processed food. And they were completely taken off guard. 'cause there's this woman named Betty who was a home ec teacher who was part of the federal extension workers that was a paid for federal program to send people out to young families to teach the mothers how to. And it was sexist 'cause it was the mothers how to cook and how to garden and how to grow their own food and how to be independent and how to eat real food. It was like really great. And there was a big meeting in general in, in, in Minnesota around that time. General Mills sponsored. But all the Big Food companies came and they decided convenience had to be king and we had to make that a value. And they invented Betty Crocker, not a real person.

(1h 12m 44s):
Betty Cracker cookbook. You might remember that cookbook. But it was like, oh, add one can of Campbell's cream of mushroom soup to your casserole, or add one roll, add one roll of critz crackers to your broccoli casserole. Ugh. So they insinuated that, and there were TV dinners and I grew up in that area. And then there was like, you know, the food of astronauts like Tang and Fleischmann's margarine better than butter. And so, and it was Cup of Noodles. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme, he got this whole culture of like, convenience. And then you deserve a break today from McDonald's. And we basically disenfranchise people from their kitchens. We, we have whole generations of Americans who don't know how to cook, who don't know anything about shopping or where vegetables come from. I mean, Jamie Oliver on a whole television show series in West Virginia where kids didn't know what a tomato was and they saw a tomato, or a carrot, or they couldn't name a vegetable.

(1h 13m 27s):
Right. Because they had never seen one. And, and, and now most America's like that. And so they have succeeded in disenfranchising ourselves from our kitchen. We need to, they've hijacked our kitchens, our brain chemistry, our metabolism, our hormones. We need to take it back. And it's like the body snatchers. Like we literally need to take our bodies back, own our own biology, understand that we're in charge, understand that we shouldn't abdicate our help to anybody else, including the doctor. You have a doctor as a partner, as an advisor, as a collaborator. But like, they're not God and they don't know everything. And, and now with the advent of, you know, self-testing, like, like function health is like a dollar 37 a day. It's still money, but it's affordable for most people. And our, it's a lot less than a, than a latte.

(1h 14m 7s):
Yeah. It's like, and we do 15,000 bucks for the test for, for 4 99 a year. And you get a panel of tests that tells you what's really happening. And people can own their data and own their biology and be proactive and preventive and actually understand what's happening way before they get into real trouble.

(1h 14m 23s):
I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our Sponsor. AG one. AG one is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that also contains adaptogens. I started taking AG one way back in 2012, long before I even knew what a podcast was. I started taking it. And I still take it every single day because it ensures that I meet my quota for daily vitamins and minerals. And it helps make sure that I get enough prebiotics and probiotics to support my gut health. Over the past 10 years, gut health has emerged as something that we realize is important, not only for the health of our digestion, but also for our immune system and for the production of neurotransmitters and neuromodulators things like dopamine and serotonin. In other words, gut health is critical for proper brain function. Now of course, I strive to eat healthy Whole Foods from unprocessed sources for the majority of my nutritional intake. But there are a number of things in AG One, including specific micronutrients that are hard or impossible to get from Whole Foods. So by taking AG one daily, I get the vitamins and minerals that I need, along with the probiotics and prebiotics for gut health and in turn, brain and immune system health and the adaptogens and critical micronutrients that are essential for all organs and tissues of the body. So anytime somebody asks me if they were to only take one supplement, what that supplement should be, I always say AG one, because AG one supports so many different systems in the brain and body that relate to our mental health, physical health and performance. If you'd like to try AG one, you can go to drink AG one.com/huberman for this month only. April, 2025. AG one is giving away a free one month supply of Omega three fish oil, along with a bottle of Vitamin D three plus K two. As I've highlighted before in this podcast, Omega three fish oil and Vitamin D three plus K two have been shown to help with everything from mood and brain health to heart health and healthy hormone production and much more. Again, that's drink AG one.com/huberman to get the free one month supply of Omega three fish oil, plus a bottle of Vitamin D three plus K two with your subscription.

(1h 16m 18s):
The confusion for me has been the pushback on self-directed health. Yeah. You know, it's, I I had something come to mind as you were saying all this, which is that I do believe that until health becomes a point of national pride for Americans, that we're going to become the sickest nation in the world. No. We are really, You know, that, that, well, well, we're going to continue to be right. Yeah. But there's this thing that happens when you start taking care of your health. And I know this because in college I decided to stop drinking as much as everyone else around me drank. It was, it was insane. It was unbelievable. The amount of binge drinking. Yeah. And just the frequency. Like Wednesday, Thursday, Fridays, I was like, this is crazy. And, and I got really into working out and sleep and studying and, you know, I had to be a bit lonely in order to preserve that life.

(1h 17m 4s):
Yeah. But I got teased a lot Yeah. For being healthy. Yeah. But the point being that it still takes some self-confidence, rigidity and kind of determination to push off the people. Like, oh, it's so self-focused to, you know, focus on your health. You know, you, you're spending money on these on Vitamin D three, you know, or Oh, you can't have a slice of pizza. It's like, no, you can, but the point is, maybe you don't want to. Yeah. Because you have a certain amount of, of self pride, not because pizza can't be amazing. There are some amazing pizzas, by the way. Yeah. But most pizzas is crap. And some pizza's amazing. Right. And it's worth it to wait for the amazing pizza, in my opinion. So the, I guess the idea here is what we really need, it seems is a, it's kind of a psychological cultural medicine revolution and true revolution given the way things are going with the obesity rates.

(1h 17m 58s):
Yeah. And so I do want to talk about MAHA Make America healthy again. I'm not formally involved in MAHA. I know people involved in it and know People who know people Know people. Yeah. I know people who know people and, and, and I, I am in discussions with them, they've asked questions, I've provided answers where I could provide answers. Yeah. But the pushback on MAHA is what I'd like to Yeah. Understand. Because you and I sit from a unique vantage point, and you in particular where you have a lot of colleagues and understanding of the traditional medi medical community. So as they, they always say like, that's not the guy you gotta get. You don't need to get the guy that's like watching podcasts and, and taking Supplements. And, but what about the guy or gal who is like, I don't know, my doctor says this is crazy.

(1h 18m 41s):
They want to like, get rid of vaccines and they want everyone doing pushups and you know, and God forbid if everybody push, they don't take ozempic. And you know, and so maybe 'cause I see you Mark as somebody who can potentially bridge this divide. Yeah. Knowing people on both sides, I really see you as somebody who can do that. I'm not saying that just 'cause you're sitting here and large part, you're sitting here because of that. Yeah. So how do you change millions of people's mindset about health when now MAHA has become a red label thing? Yeah. It's how do you do it? It's crazy. I mean, it's crazy. Either Republicans are gonna get healthy and Democrats aren't. It Is crazy to me. Or, Or there's an opportunity here. And I, and I do think that they're, I know they're drawing you in for this and I'm so glad they are because I do think that you're somebody who really believes in, in inclusivity in the real sense of the word.

(1h 19m 29s):
So what do you think it's gonna take to make America healthy? Yeah. And this is not MAHA propaganda, right? This is just, can MAHA do it? What do they need to do better? What do they, what can, what can you do? Yeah. What can we all do? Great question. And I, you know, it's funny to me, I was thinking as you're talking about how, you know, when Michelle Obama started her Let's Move campaign, it was a blue issue. A lot of the people who were like pushing this agenda was Shelly Pingry, who's a democrat from Maine, or McGovern, Jim McGovern, who's from Massachusetts or Cory Booker issues all these bills about food safety land, the last Congress. And all of a sudden it's like, it flipped and became a Republican issue, which is staggering to me. And we now see bills in, you know, a few dozen states or more actually now every day I hear about new bills that are helping push forward an agenda to fix our food system.

(1h 20m 17s):
And before you dive in, I will, I just wanna see this answer with one thing. Forgive me audience. They don't like it when I interrupt. But the goal of the left, if I may, seems to be to make anyone associated with health and MAHA on the right. A jock, not a scientist. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm seeing. They're trying to take away their science credential. Yeah. And make them a jock. Now, Bobby Kennedy is not a formerly trained scientist, but the scientists that are going into NIH directorships, who, I can't share who they are besides Jay. It's been announced the other ones. But you know who they are. Yeah. These are serious scientists. Yeah. These aren't jocks. No. These are people that may or may not lift weights. These are, but, but there seems to be this effort to say we're going to, we're going to strip MAHA it's power by making it a bro science biohacking Yeah.

(1h 21m 5s):
Jock thing. Real science is about reductionist stuff. And I just say, listen, it's all, it's all valuable. Yeah. And so I'm, I'm fundamentally frustrated and it hasn't even begun. No, It is. Yeah. So educate Us. I mean, listen, you know, my friend Rick Warren said, I'm not left wing or right wing. I'm for the whole bird. Otherwise you'll fly around in circles. And I like that. And who Said that? Rick Warren. You know, we did a, who's Rick Warren? Should I, Rick Warren is the head of Saddleback Church, which is an evangelical church in Southern California. I, we did a whole program with this church where we got a 15,000 people to lose a quarter million pounds in a year by doing health together in groups. And it was, I love that. It was amazing actually. Well, I Love that quote. It was a great quote. And, and you know, health isn't red or blue or purple.

(1h 21m 45s):
It's like a human issue and it's to make, to make it partisan. It doesn't make any sense to me. And yet we live in a partisan world and anything the Democrats do, the Republicans gonna hate anything the Republicans do. The Democrats are gonna hate. It's like, Hey guys, can't we just talk to each other and have civil discourse and agree on the things we can agree on and disagree on the things we're gonna disagree on. And I, and I know that, I know behind the scenes there's collaboration bipartisan on these issues. There's bipartisan caucus that, Well, on the psychedelic issue, I was at a meeting where, you know, governor Rick Perry, former governor Rick Perry, Texas, like who describes himself as a knuckle dragging Republican. Yeah. Those are Rick's words by the way. Rick's a very nice guy. And there were several members of the, the Dems there.

(1h 22m 28s):
And he got Rick Doblin who is like a, you know, counterculture, conscientious objector during the Vietnam War. And they're all up there being proponents for psychedelics. Yeah. For the treatment of ptsd, TSD and veterans. Yeah. So they've joined hands. Yeah. I think that's one area that's very exciting. Yeah. It's not happening in nutrition. No, It's not happening on this thing of get exercise. Those have become red labels. Yeah. It's unfortunate. 'cause you know, Americans are suffering, you know, Americans are really suffering know 93% of us have some metabolic dysfunction. Psychiatric illnesses on the rise in both kids and adults. Autoimmune disease are skyrocketing. Obviously obesity is a huge problem. Diabetes is a huge problem. You know, heart disease deaths are going down, but the incidence is going up.

(1h 23m 11s):
Meaning you're, there's more people getting it. But because we have better treatments, they don't die from it. Same thing with cancer. So we, we we're not winning on the health front in the war on, on chronic disease. We're losing disastrously. And so we have to come together as a country to solve this. And It is unfortunate been polarized. I think, I think the good part about Covid was that people became aware that this edifice of science and medicine had cracks in it. And that they needed to be more empowered around their own health and to start questioning things. And I think that's part of the genesis of this bigger, wider movement around make America healthy again. And why Bobby Kennedy was able to catalyze a huge base.

(1h 23m 51s):
He was democratic candidate at first, then he was independent. Now he's in a Republican administration. It doesn't mean he's shares all the ideology that they have, but he cares about this issue. And so I think, I think what's happening in behind the scenes is that there's a lot of bipartisan interest in how do we begin to address this. Look, the healthcare bill is $5 trillion of that. The government, federal government pays 40%. It's one in three federal tax dollars. So one in $3 that you paid for your taxes goes to healthcare. Of that 80% is mostly for chronic disease that's either preventable or reversible through intensive lifestyle therapy. And, and you know, some things around the margins.

(1h 24m 33s):
If Insurance is private, how does that work? Like how is it that my money is going to, well, so take care of somebody who has heart disease, For example, for example, like, like if you get on to Medicare Advantage and that's, that's a government program, but it's administered by Humana or by Cigna or by these insurance companies kind of deploy federal resources to deliver healthcare. But if you actually look at the end to end, whether it's Medicare, medicaid, Indian health service, federal employees, children's health program, you just add up all the things that the government pays for. It's, it's almost $2 trillion a year for, for healthcare. And most people don't realize that. So the government has enormous levers.

(1h 25m 14s):
And when I, when sitting in my office treating my patients who are, you know, just endless stream of people with chronic illnesses coming in, diabetes, obesity, autoimmune disease, this, that, and the other thing, I'm like, why is this patient sick? Well it's mostly because of the food they're eating. And if that's the problem, then what's the cause of the food they're eating? Well, it's our food policies and what's the cause of our food policies? It's the Food Industry that has pressured our government to, into creating a food system that's harming us. And we have very different policies than they do in Europe, for example. They don't allow a many GMO foods or glyphosate. They don't. There's 10 high Fructose corn syrup.

(1h 25m 55s):
They have it there, but it's limited. I mean more limited. There are Toxins. There's 10,000 additives to food in America. There's 400 that are allowed in Europe. Okay. Let me ask you a question, question about Toxins. 'cause I've been watching this very closely online recently. And folks who are more of the traditional science background who are kind of like to spend a lot of their time trying to debunk folks like you or people that talk about Food Additives. Yeah. Say that these are infant decimally, small amounts of these dyes that the amount required to kill a rat, the, like, the, you know, is 3000 times higher. My stance on this is the same as going through the x you know, the x-ray machine at the, at the airport, which is true, you can walk through and not get cancer, but it dose Frequency Duration.

(1h 26m 38s):
But if you're going, but if you're going through it multiple times per per month or year Yeah. Then, you know, and it's compounding with other things. So it's it like you said, dose frequency and duration and The interactions like right. You know, when, when these things are studied, they might be studied one at a time. But what if you put thousands of them together, whether it's environmental chemicals or Food Additives. And I don't think the food out of themselves, although there are many that are problematic, that are linked to cancer, linked to allergy, linked to a DDI think there are, there are a lot of data about this. But the real issue is where do you find these, you find these in extremely low quality health, destroying foods that are Ultra Processed Foods that are high in Starch and sugar, high in refined oils.

(1h 27m 23s):
High in these additives. Right. They're not creating orange steaks. Yeah. You're not like, you're not getting these chemicals when you order broccoli at a restaurant. Right. So how do you tease out all of it? How do you do human trials on this? It is very hard. But in, in Europe they have, the precautionary principle was you have to prove it's safe before we add it to the food supply. Crisco is a great example. Crisco was invented in 1911. It was shortening 'cause there was a butter shortage. And so they basically created this product which is blowing hydrogen atoms into liquid vegetable oil that makes it act like a, like an animal fat like lard or butter. And it was cheap and it was good.

(1h 28m 3s):
It was so it was in the supply from 1911 to 2015. It wasn't until 50 years after the data started to become clear that this was a cause of heart attacks. That this was very dangerous. We shouldn't be eating margarine. I remember a tub of that in our cupboard when I was a kid. Yeah. I grew up on flexions margarine, you know, and, and it wasn't until the scientists who'd been studying it for 50 years, who was 90 years old at the time, sued the FDA and forced them to really do something about it. That it got taken off the Generally Recognized As Safe list, which is called the grass list. Now you asked about MAHA Well one of the first things Robert F. Kennedy did, and I helped advise him on this, was to help address the grass problem. 'cause there's something called the grass loophole.

(1h 28m 44s):
If you're a food company, you can go to the FDA and says, Hey, I got this great new chemical. We checked it out. Totally safe. Not a problem. We're gonna add it to the food. Just take our word for it. And the F to goes, great, no problem. You go right ahead. Imagine if a drug company did that and said, oh, we have this great new drug. We've done all our tests, it's perfectly safe, it's very effective. Can you please give us approval? And we're not gonna give you any data. That's exactly what happens in America now that's different than in Europe, which they do the opposite. You have to prove that it's safe before it's added to the food supply. Here you're, you're innocent until proven guilty, which is fine for humans, but not for chemicals. We put in our food The other day, I saw something on X that if true, and I'll put a link to it, was probably the most troubling thing I've ever seen in public health discourse.

(1h 29m 36s):
Okay. What? And, and I want that to lead to a question for you. This was an example of a, a hearing in Washington where a young woman, I believe she's from Austin, who's a kind of like health, health food influencer. Advocate. Yeah. Advocate. But with training from a university down there was Lobbying against Soda in the government funded lunch program. Lunch or food stamp SNAP Program. Snap is the food stamp. Okay. It, it's called Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, but there's no N in there. Okay. Our goal is to put the end back in Snap. Got it. Okay.

(1h 30m 16s):
Because does that, just to, just to clarify please. Food security is having enough calories. Nutrition security is having enough nutrients. We provide it for food security, meaning you can get all your calories from Soda and you know, sugar. But that doesn't mean you're have nutrition security. And we see many of the people who receive these federal aid programs are the ones who are most sick. Right. And the most using our healthcare system. Thanks for that clarification. Yeah. This young woman advocating for healthier food was arguing for getting a sugary Soda. This wasn't diet Soda, sugary Soda out of the SNAP Program. And she made her case. It was terrific case. Well, well articulated I think, and was well received by both the blue side and the red side of the room.

(1h 31m 1s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then someone tapped into the microphone. This was a gentleman representing the American Heart Association. Oh, the American Heart Association. And he proceeded to say that he opposed the removal of sugary Soda. Do you know why? I thought, okay, this has gotta either be AI generated, it's fake. But then one of the women who on the panel who was listening, okay, one of the people making decisions, or at least running it up the flagpole for decisions, said, wait, wait, do you realize what you're saying? And he just kept repeating this like a broken record. And I thought, okay, the American heart, if it was the American Soda Association or Beverage Association or Hydration Association even, I would've thought, okay, maybe there's something here.

(1h 31m 42s):
But, but he was there representing the American Heart Association. I have no skin in this game. Okay. I don't drink sugary Soda. I I can answer that question. And I was shocked. Yeah. And I will provide a link to this in the show. No captions. Yeah. I Was You shouldn't be. You Shouldn't be. You shouldn't be. And I thought to myself, this guy's arguing for sugary Soda on, on behalf of the American Heart Association. And these are sugary sodas that the American taxpayer is paying to try and help some of the least healthy and lowest income people in the country drink more Soda. And it wasn't like take away Soda and don't replace it with anything. It was, you know, replace it with some other food. There's Double bucks for fruits and vegetables. Right. Or even water. Yeah. Right. So I was shocked.

(1h 32m 24s):
Yeah. I verified it's real. Yeah. And, okay, so I'd like your thoughts on that, but I'm guessing what they are already. But here's what I want to know. Is the FDA and our government so strongly impacted by these food companies? You hear this, but it always like a bunch of conspiracy, Lemme roll It, backlog. Like is General Mills like and really like, like Lobbying behind scenes? I mean, is It, is there really a network of people trying to harm us A hundred for profit? A hundred percent, yes. So I was telling the story about housing in my office, seeing patients with diabetes. I'm like, what caused the food policy? And then I started to go down that rabbit hole and I wrote a book called Food Fix. How to Save Our Health, our Communities and Our Economy, our Communities and our Planet.

(1h 33m 7s):
One bite at a time where I mapped out from field to fork the problems with our Food Industry, how's making us sick, how it's costing us trillions of dollars and how to fix it. And then I started a nonprofit where I've been in Washington doing this work over the last five years. Way before it was MAHA was a thing. And you know, what you just described is part of a large cohesive strategy by the Food Industry to undermine science under on manipulate public trust and information to control the government and academic institutions and many things. So I'll just kinda lay it out for You. Sounds conspiracy. It sounds like It is, and it it kind of, it's kind of, I wouldn't say it's a conspiracy, it's just their business strategy. Right. Which is to circle the wagons.

(1h 33m 47s):
Okay. They fund the American Heart Association. So the food and farm industry spent $192 million that they give to the American Heart Association. What Does the American Heart Association do with it? They educate people about nutrition. They hold meetings, they have scientific panels. But what is the basis for sugary Soda? Like there can't, there's no single argument for sugary Soda. If you get, if you get $20 million from the Soda industry, I mean, it's like that Andrew, I'm, I'm Not, but maybe diet Soda of all that, then we could, we could argue artificial sweeteners, but at least we know it can help people lose weight. They're adjusting less sugar. And No, this, this is like 40% of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, which is the National Nutrition Organization, comes from the Food Industry.

(1h 34m 30s):
The American Diabetes Association. The American Academy and Pediatrics. The American Family Practice. Okay. This has To change. I mean, there was a, they were, Coca-Cola gave multimillion dollar donation to the American Academy of Family Practice. And there were family doctors that quit in droves because of this. When Did this start? I Think it's been growing. And so, so there's multiple strategies they have, one is massive Lobbying, two is funding professional. So was This in the eighties, the nineties? I think it's been slow creep over the last, since probably the seventies is my guess. If you look in the sixties and the beach pictures, look, there's nobody overweight. Right. When I was growing up, there were probably two fat kids in school. Yeah, Yeah. They've done all these strategic things around Lobbying and around funding professional associations, funding academic research, 12 times as much academic research on nutrition as the federal government spends.

(1h 35m 14s):
They co-op social groups like NAACP and Hispanic Federation. So they won't oppose things like things that they care about or they'll oppose things they care about, like Soda taxes. And they fund fake science groups like the American Council of Science and Health. It's attacked me, maybe attacked you too. I, not Yet. I'm sure they will after this episode. I'm biased science, unbiased science and all these great sounding organizations that are simply front groups for, for misinformation crop life. And, and so they have a whole strategic approach that is very detailed and, and I mapped the whole thing out in, in my book and, and how it's so insidious and how it happened while everybody else was asleep. And I know personally now that the, the, some of these big associations that are the Lobbying groups for these Big Food companies and AG companies and seed companies, that they're circling ranks, that they're creating a war plan.

(1h 36m 3s):
That they have a complete strategy of how to put forth mis mis kind of, I would say manipulative science. They, they have grassroots lobby efforts where they're activating fake grassroots movements. They're Lobbying, they're look, looking at how to pressure state governments to not do what they're doing. I mean, I know personally the governor of West Virginia, who's has a, now there's a state bill to actually, which probably hopefully passed by the time this podcast comes out, that gets rid of chemicals in the food in West Virginia, which is the fattest state in the nation. And I know the amount of pressure, millions and millions of dollars of pressure they're putting on him to not do it. It's gonna destroy their businesses. It's gonna destroy the economy That's gonna create the people of West Virginia suffering.

(1h 36m 44s):
I mean, so much pressure on politicians who don't actually understand these issues. And so they're like, and, and you know, I remember one What's confusing, even as somebody who is fairly versed in health and nutrition, like, I'm, I'll give you an example. It mean it's I'll, it's not confusing. I'll give you an example. So, so I was working on a bill that was with Andy Harris, who's a doctor in Congress to do a pilot study to see the impact, not to change policy, just to study the impact of what would happen if you took Soda off the list of acceptable things you could buy with food stamp dollars just to do a pilot in a couple of states. You think, well, let's just do a scientific study and see what happens. The Democrats were completely opposed to it.

(1h 37m 25s):
They shut the whole thing down. On What ground? The hunger groups. It's based on this idea of like, we're gonna take care of the poor. It's discriminatory, it's aggressive, it's gonna hurt the poor and the hunger groups that are these big groups that, that, that try to deal with hunger in America are funded by, and their boards of directors are staffed by people from Big Food. So if, if you just follow the money, you see how it all is connected and how it all flows together And what are Big Food? So like what are the companies, okay, so They're, they're companies you know about, there's even things like Primal Kitchen, which you think is like a great natural brand and started by Marx Sisen and its salad dressings and ketchup without high fructose corn syrup.

(1h 38m 5s):
Been great product. It was, they're all bought up by the Big Food companies like Mondelez or by Kraft, Kraft Heinz, for example. Bought, bought that. Or Huge Chocolate, which thank God will stay the same forever. 'cause Jason Carb was a friend, made sure they would, but they bought huge chocolate, which we think is a natural brand. It's the biggest selling premium chocolate in America. So they buy all the other companies. So it's Nestle, it's Unilever, it's the known, it's Slays, it's Kraft Heinz. So it's, it's a few companies that, that really, probably at 10 or so companies that, that basically are the big companies. And then there's all the AG and seed chem companies. It's all consolidation. So, so there used to be like hundreds of seed companies. Now there's five. There used to be like dozens of fertilizers companies. Now there's just a few, if I take a step back from this, I say, okay, well Mark's, I've, I haven't tried Primal Kitchen, but I hear good things, right?

(1h 38m 50s):
I, mark seems like a very health conscious guy. So Mark Sisen, right? Yeah. Yeah. So if his, if his brand was bought up by one of these major companies, why aren't they promoting the healthier foods in, in their catalog? Well, they do. They do. But also it without, if there's like Jason Carb with huge chocolate made them in the contract promised they would never change the ingredients ever. I see. And and when you often get these other products that have been bought up by these big companies, they modify the recipes, they make it cheaper, they squeeze their margins to be bigger. So it's, it, it's not like you're gonna get like, you know, Amy's whatever, pizza or whatever sounds like great healthy pizza, but they modify it. I see.

(1h 39m 30s):
And so I, I think, you know, as a whole, they still get most of their profit margin from their legacy products of junk. Right? So they don't, they don't wanna cannibalize that, but they also wanna suck up the rest of the market. So they have monopoly. I see. But it's, but it's, there's probably a few dozen CEOs that cr the, the are in control of everything from what seeds are planted to what chemicals are sprayed to the, the food companies that process the food to the fast food companies. It's not that many companies. And it's a few dozen CEOs that control the biggest industry in the planet than employees, more than everybody else. 'cause everybody eats. It's like $16 trillion. So Are you and Bobby going to change the, the way that works?

(1h 40m 11s):
I mean, that's the goal. I mean, the idea is, is to, to raise awareness, to create transparency, to help people understand what's what. And to take the, the veil back and say, you can choose whatever you want eat. We're not taking away your McDonald's, we're not taking away your Soda. But like, at least you should know what's going on. If you go to South America, you're from Argentina, I'm sure you've been there not in two recent past. You know, if you pick up something that's not good for you, it tells you on the label. It's like black warning signs. It's hazard signs and stop signs and Well, They're the opposite problem exists. You know, as, as the child of a first generation immigrant, my dad always said, you know, the United States is the one country where the poor are overweight because calories are cheap. You go to Argentina and you see these neighborhoods are tre immense poverty.

(1h 40m 54s):
Right. And people are not overweight. People are struggling to find food. Some Are. So, but some are, like, if you look at, there was a whole series of New York Times a few years ago about how, for example, Nestle went into the, the, the, the ghettos of, of I think Peru and Columbia. And they, they were just Brazil and they were just pushing through local, like community members and reps would drive around like with little carts or push the carts around where there's not even a street to sell all this crappy processed food to people for pennies. Right? And so that's what they, that's what they've done. They've infiltrated everywhere in the planet. I, it was far back as 1986 and I did a public health expedition with Johns Hopkins to Nepal. We got off the plane at some remote airport on a grass trip.

(1h 41m 35s):
And then we walked for a week up into the, almost to Tibet. And, you know, there were no roads, there were no cars, there was no electricity, there was no running water. There, there there was Coca-Cola. And you see these, these sherpas literally with like, probably, I dunno, a hundred, 200 pounds of Coca-Cola on their back climbing up the mountains bringing into every little village. Right? I mean, I mean there's even a Ted talk on this by, I think I was somewhere Melinda Gates or something about how Coca-Cola is a business model for how we, you know, get safe stuff around the world. 'cause they, they had the incredible distribution. So even where you can get water, you can get Coca-Cola Where they actually need quality. And it's often protein is what?

(1h 42m 15s):
Scarce. It's often cheaper than water in many countries. Wow. Like in Mexico. So I think, I think we, we, we have to face the fact that we've had had this sort of unadulterated, uninhibited run from the industry. And now there's somebody talking about why they need to think about doing things differently. How they need to reformulate how they need to be partners. I mean, there was a big meeting with the consumer brand association, Robert F. Kennedy, last Monday in, in the White House. Or he said to them essentially, here's what you need to do, do it, or we're gonna make you do it, you know, get the crap out of the food and let's get focused on the harm that this is causing in terms of the amount of stars and sugar and processing and products in there that are not good for human health.

(1h 42m 56s):
And, and if you don't, we're gonna do something about it. They, they, they can create better front of package labeling to trans to transform people's perception of what's good or not. And labels are super confusing in this country. I mean, I know how to read 'em, but you have to be a PhD or study this your whole life to understand how to read the nutrition facts label, how to read an ingredient list, what it means, what the serving size is, what the calories are, what the, this and that is. It's like, you know, it's not easy for the average American. It should be easy. Like You should be, it's intentionally confusing a hundred Percent. Well, a single ingredient or minimal ingredient foods solve that. I'd like to take us from one controversial topic, and thank you by the way. I I should say before moving on from that, for being involved and staying involved, I, I know your inherent goodness and your desire to keep things non-partisan and to do what's best for people and to keep it out of the politics as much as possible.

(1h 43m 43s):
So I mean, these are, these are not, these are things I've been working on for years and so I'm just, whether it's you're just being you, I'm just being mean. Whether it's medically tailored meals or raising the awareness around chronic disease or the effective Toxins in our environment, or the role of sugar and Starch in our metabolic crisis. I mean, these are things that are not new. I've talked about these over decades, right? Now all of a sudden it's a political issue. I don't understand why You're not putting on a new hat. You're not putting on a new hat. Government's putting on new hat, getting involved in these things. I'm, I'm hopeful they've always Been involved, but they just have been involved unknowingly by, by allowing policies to be implemented that support things like Soda and junk foods. If you look at other countries, food, food assistance programs, you can't buy that shit. Right. Right. Let's talk about something almost as controversial.

(1h 44m 23s):
One something that I have kind of a neutral opinion on that I think is a beautiful scientific story, which is GLP one Agonists. Yeah. You know, discovered on the basis of the, the helo monster, which doesn't need to eat very much. Yeah. Over, over or synthesizes a lot of this peptide, which emits its hunger and it works at the level of the brain and at the level of the gut. There are however, lots and lots of cells, including neurons outside the appetite system that use in buying GLP one, the drugs that increased GLP one, we had a guest on here. So Zachary Knight came out on here beautifully explained how the drugs that increase GLP one increase it many thousand fold Yeah.

(1h 45m 11s):
Above natural levels to have it exert its effect of, of reducing hunger. It is reducing obesity. Yes. People lose muscle. They're, they break it down for us. Let's assume that somebody has just had a terrible time losing weight. They don't even feel like they can exercise for either motivational reasons or they're structurally let, we all know they should exercise and maybe they'll get there. One would hope, but, But you can't exercise your way out of a bad diet. Right, right. Do you think there are use cases for GLP one that warrant its prescription? And what, what's the controversy with GLP one all about? Is it the dependence, the, the insurance? I mean we don't have three hours to parse this, but I can give you The quick, quick down And dirty on it.

(1h 45m 52s):
Yeah. What's your view on GLP one? Because I think, you know, some people have clearly benefited from it. Other people probably don't need it all. I don't take it, I wouldn't take it. Yeah. But I'm pretty good at regulating what I put in my mouth. Yeah. So look, I mean I think, like you said, this is a molecule that the body naturally makes to regulate appetite. But It is being given at Doses that are far greater than that which our body naturally makes. And when you overdo something, there are downstream consequences. Insulin is a peptide, Ozempic is a peptide. GLP one, these drugs are Peptides. These are small mini proteins. Think of that as what a peptide is. And insulin, if you take too much of it will kill you. Like literally you'll go into hypoglycemic shock.

(1h 46m 33s):
So when you start messing with big Doses, it has not side effects. We call these side effects. These are just effects we don't like. And we call them side effects. They're effects of the drug. And they can lead to everything from things you mentioned like muscle wasting, which is a big problem. 'cause you lose the weight and you lose muscle and fat. And if you lose half it as muscle, then your metabolism slows down. 'cause muscle burns sometimes as much calories as fat. And when you gain the weight back, if you stop, which over 65% of people do, Is that right? Yeah. People who come off it gain the weight back A hundred percent. They Just start eating more again. Yeah. And they have lower muscle mass And then you're in a worse situation because you have a lower muscle mass. So you could eat literally the same amount of calories as you were before you lost weight and gain weight.

(1h 47m 16s):
'cause your metabolism is messed up. What if they exercise using resistance training to Offset that? Yeah. I personally think it should be illegal to prescribe these drugs unless they're combined with a nutrition consult to educate people about their protein requirements that are increased and with an exercise or a trainer, a physiologist or a trainer to help them develop a strength training program. And then I'd be more okay with it. And I think Doses also, do we need the Doses that people are prescribed through pharmacologically approved drugs or there's a whole black market of GLP one Peptides you can buy for 20 bucks a month, not 16 or 1700 bucks a month. People Are starting to discover those. Yeah, they're very inexpensive. They're Very inexpensive and you know, you have to know what you're doing and you have to probably get the guy in the physician.

(1h 47m 58s):
And there are doctors who do prescribe these sort of sub pharmacologic Doses that, that are being given and they work and they can be, that can be a useful tool, but they're a tool like anything else. And I, you know, I I was mentioning my nonprofit food fix, you know, the woman who's working with us there lost 112 pounds in the last years working with me without GLP ones. You know, I've had literally probably dozens and dozens and dozens of patients who've lost a hundred pounds or more without these drugs and naturally keep their weight off and regulate their appetite when they understand how to use Food as Medicine to regulate their hormones, their Peptides, their brain chemistry, their microbiome, all of which regulate our appetite and weight. So there's ways to do it.

(1h 48m 39s):
It's harder. And some people are stuck. And I'm not opposed to using these drugs, but we have to understand, they come with risks and they, they, they have, you know, increased risk of bowel obstruction, increased risk of pancreatitis, increased risk of potentially thyroid issues, of kidney issues. And I think people need to, if they're monitoring their cells, fine, you should get a DEXA scan before and during and after. You should be checking your kidney function tests and your amylase and your lipase. 'cause it can cause pancreatitis. You'd be checking what happens to your other hormones and to happens to your liver function tests, which can be affected by these drugs. And the longer you take them, the more the side effects are. So for example, initially we were seeing very little data, and then the data started coming in. And for example, if you're on it for four years, your risk of bowel obstruction goes up by four and a half fold.

(1h 49m 20s):
That's by 450%. Or your pan risk of pancreatitis goes up by 900%. That's, that's, you know, it seems like a lot. And It is a lot. But pancreatitis is a more rare condition. So, but it does have an adverse impact. And a lot of people have nausea, vomiting, all kinds of other side effects that are sort of more mild, not as serious, but, but they, they come with side effects. So I think can they be used as part of an overall strategy with nutrition counseling, exercise counseling and, and integrating lower Doses and modifying the dosing regimen? Yeah. But I don't think most people need it if they understand how to change their hormones and their brain chemistry and their biology without that. And that's the power of Food as Medicine.

(1h 50m 0s):
And when I say Food as Medicine, I'm not saying that as a sort of a general o food can be healthy or not healthy. I'm saying food literally can be used as a drug. And different foods have different properties. And again, you don't use the same drug for every disease. You would prescribe different Diets for different problems. Such as, For example, if you look at the, the crisis in mental health in this country, we have a severe mental health crisis. And, and we've used ketogenic Diets in neurologic conditions like epilepsy and medicine for decades. We now know, for example, that ketogenic Diets can be very effective for schizophrenia, for things like autism, for Alzheimer's, for people with bipolar disease or depression or anxiety.

(1h 50m 40s):
And, and the, and this has to do with its effect of the, the metabolism and, and the way in which affects our brain, our mitochondria. And, and I wrote a book about this Ultra mind solution. I I say this, I wrote a book about everything, but I pretty much have, you've Written a lot of Books. I've written like 20 books. So it's like I'm impressed. I'm, you know, you, You're working on what I know, Avi, I mean, I mean it's, it's, it's big enough to serve as a a, a workout for lifting. No, it's not that thick. But It doubles as a advice book. And it's Got training, training. It's got a lot. It's got a lot in there. Yeah, it's got a lot. But you have an impressive catalog of, of really terrific books. But, But Mayo Clinic just got funded over $3 million to do research on the role of ketogenic Diets and serious mental illness.

(1h 51m 23s):
You mentioned Stanford has a department of Metabolic Psychiatry at Harvard. They have a similar department of nutritional psychiatry. What about other Diets? So ketogenic, a lot of people think of that as high protein. It's really more high fat. It's moderate protein, very low Starch. Yeah. Right. What about for cancer and cancer avoidance? Again, you know, when you look at the data, cancer rates are going up and it's because our metabolic crisis is going up. And many cancers are obesity related. Colon cancer, breast cancer, pancreatic cancer, many, many prostate cancer. And they're driven by insulin resistance. And we know the cancer has a metabolic capacity to only burn carbs. It can't burn fat. So if you stop carbs and you eat fat, you can often change a trajectory of cancer.

(1h 52m 6s):
Is That true for all cancers? Are there any cancers that react negatively? Yeah, I I don't think that's true for all cancers, for certain lymphomas. I probably don't think It is. But Sidart, Muer GI don't know if you've had on the podcast, but he's an incredible giant in the field of medicine and brilliant scientist at Columbia, who's actually a oncologist who wrote a book called The Emperor Ball Maladies. And he's, oh yeah, He wrote that Book. Yeah, he wrote that book. He wrote The Cell, he wrote the Gene that was a book about cancer. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He wrote a book called The Gene the Cell. And that, and, and he talks about his research on ketogenic Diets for reversing stage four melanoma and stage four pancreatic cancer. Very impressive stuff. Yeah. You probably couldn't like a connection to, Well, I remember the Emperor of all maladies. I, I, I read that and I read the eight day creation in the same, roughly the same time period.

(1h 52m 48s):
Both super impressive books. I didn't realize he was involved in a Ketogenic Diet. Yeah. But there's a whole metabolic theory of cancer. So I think that's, that's key. And certain cancers, like brain cancer responds incredibly well if you have a glioblastoma, which there's really no treatment for, can be very effective. Yeah. I'll tell you, having lost some friends to cancer, pancreatic cancer and glioblastoma are the two I, I mean, I don't want any cancer, but those are the two I really don't want to get. Yeah. These are all super important topics. It seems to come back over and over again to these pillars of health, food, circadian rhythm, meaning sleep, wake cycles. Obviously the last 50 years in this country were characterized by like smoke less or don't smoke. We now know alcohol is problematic for cancers and other things.

(1h 53m 30s):
Yeah. Not to say that one can't enjoy a, a drink once. Drink every once in a while. But, you know, I I, I don't personally drink, but I, I don't have a propensity for alcohol either. So it's easy for me to say I've had to become a little bit softer on my stance on this because I think like if you told me that caffeine was bad, I'd tell you I'm drinking it. I'd say, how long do I have? Yeah. It's like Warren Buffet. He says, I don't care if I eat this shit, if it makes me live right. A couple years less, I'm still gonna do it. Right. So, you know, some people like a drink now and again and, and I'm, I sure I always say do do as you do as you want, but know what you're doing. Yeah. And but I'd like to talk a little bit about markers that are an outgrowth of this conversation about food.

(1h 54m 12s):
So Blood Markers. So A POB is one that gets a lot of attention nowadays. For years all we heard was you want your HDL high, you want your LDL low. Now we also realize that elevated A OB can be problematic. Yeah. And I, and many people I know who eat some meat, it's not meat heavy diet, but some good quality meat. We're not talking about deli meats and things like that. Fruit vegetables and limit starchy carbohydrate intake to some extent. Mm. Maybe not completely, but to some extent have observed elevated A OB when we do that, including olive oil, butter coffee, or be mate, this kind of thing.

(1h 54m 53s):
So healthy diet, largely anti-inflammatory diet noticed elevated A OB as compared to when some of that red meat, even if it's grass fed meat is replaced with things like fish or chicken and so on. Which makes me wonder if there really is a red meat again, quality red meat, A OB link. Yeah. And should I worry if my A oob is elevated? My A OB is a little bit elevated, but I haven't yet gone on any prescription drug to lower it. Yeah. I'm taking some other approaches. Yeah, It's a great question. And I learned that from function and yes, their response of this podcast, but I hadn't had an A OB test. Yeah. And that was the problem. I go to the doctor, I get a blood panel and it didn't include April.

(1h 55m 36s):
No, you got like your 19 tests and they have the same old stuff and you get your regular Cholesterol Panel. It was like height, weight, you know, I mean the regular Cholesterol panel is what most doctors use to manage cardiovascular risk, which is your total, your L-D-L-H-D-L and triglyceride levels. That's just like so 20th century. The way we look at cardiovascular risk now is way more complicated. And we need to look at the quality of the Cholesterol, which is the particle size and number. And we were talking earlier about sugar and Starch insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is essentially a metabolic state where your body can't respond like it normally should to insulin. And you need more and more insulin to keep your blood sugar normal.

(1h 56m 16s):
That has secondary consequences, which causes your Cholesterol to become abnormal. So it may not raise your LDL per se, but it'll lower your good Cholesterol trig or HDL, which there's good and bad HDL, so it's a little more complicated than that. But it'll raise your triglycerides and it will raise your ApoB B, it'll raise your particle number of of LDL particles and it'll make the size of those particles small. These are all things that people should be testing, do all these biomarkers, including A OB, but a OB. All you can get is an A OB from your doctor. Even the American Heart Association recognizes this as a better predictor of your risk of having a heart attack than your LDL Cholesterol.

(1h 56m 56s):
And Yet they're trying to include Soda. Sorry, had to go back to know to it. It's like, and the way I think about the way I think about apb, because there, there's really cool tests. Now you can use mass spec to look at eptide and insulin and look at your insulin resistance, which is really cool. But if you can't get that, you can ask your doctor for an apb. 'cause it's, it's sort of a surrogate marker for every non-G good type of Cholesterol particle, If that makes sense. So what do, what do you advise somebody if they're, if they're ApoB is is 90 or above? Yeah. So you can test yourself. Everybody's the end of one. So the next thing I was gonna say was that we treat all lipids as sort of a uniform approach, which is everybody should drive their LDL under 70. That under 70. Under 70, that's what cardiovascular recommendations are.

(1h 57m 38s):
How do you do that cardio? How do that exercise? Nutrition? It Can be diet, it can be exercise, it can be drugs. And Do you, are you a fan of statins? Not a big fan, but they're a tool. Like, it's like, am I fan of like hammers? Well, yeah. When I need one, you know, like, but, but not for everybody. And I, I think the key thing to understand is that if you're looking at your cardiovascular risk, you have to look at the quality of these Cholesterol particles. And there's also a large amount of variation or heterogeneity in the population in the response to the exact same food. And I'll just tell you a quick story. I had one patient, she was overweight, couldn't lose weight, pre-diabetic, inflamed.

(1h 58m 19s):
And she was really struggling. And I said, well look, you know, let's try a Ketogenic Diet. There's good data on it. Let's see what happens. Her Cholesterol dropped a hundred points. Her triglycerides dropped 200 points. Her HDL went up 30 points. She lost 20 pounds. She felt great. Her inflammation levels normalized. She did great. Another guy heard about a Ketogenic Diet who was in his fifties. One of my patients elite athlete was like riding his bike 50 miles a day. He was in his mid fifties, super fit Finn lean, he, he said, I wanna try it. I heard it's good for performance. I'm like, okay, but let's monitor your numbers. And we did. And the opposite happened.

(1h 59m 0s):
He, his total Cholesterol went through the roof. His LDL went through the roof, his particle number went up through the roof. I'm like, wow. Same diet, different response. And I've talked to Ron Kraus about this. He's from Oakland. You might know about him. He discovered the particle size concept. He basically used MRI machines and now he's got a different technology which measures the quality and the, the number of your Cholesterol particles, not just the weight of them, which is what you get with a regular test. And, and so we saw this variation and we realize now in the population, it depends on who you are. So there's a whole category of people called lean mass, hyper responds. You're maybe one of those where you're fit, you're healthy, you're athletic, and you eat saturated fat.

(1h 59m 40s):
And boom, you know, your numbers kind of go wacky. Or you could be an overweight diabetic person and they do the opposite. Like you'll lower your LDL like this woman. So it depends on your metabolic type, on your level of insulin resistance on your overall health. And people can switch over. So let's say you're an overweight diabetic and you become ripped and healthy and fit, then the same food might have an opposite effect on you at that point. And it all has to do with Cholesterol, transport, Cholesterol synthesis in the liver. It's kinda a little complicated scientifically. I know you might have a guy named Nick Noritz from Harvard on the podcast, who's great. He was. He, he can talk about this all day long. Nick Has great online content. Yeah. Folks should check out Nick Noritz as X and Instagram, YouTube handle.

(2h 0m 21s):
YouTube. YouTube. Very smart kid. YouTube. Very smart guy, very smart kid. Very spirited. Yeah. I've encouraged him from, from the first time I saw his content to keep going. He's Great. Yeah, he great. He is like, he's a Oxford PhD in metabolism. Harvard, he's got Harvard MD's graduating medical school this year. And you're not afraid to go against the grain? No. He just goes with his experience and the data. Yeah. You're explaining about different Diets for people. He had colitis and almost died. He went on on a carnivore slash keto diet and actually ended up curing it and is fit and healthy now. Right. And, and, but his Cholesterol is LDL went up to 500. Is that where it sits now? Yeah. And, and so there's a whole group of these people that have LDLs that are through the roof that would make most cardiologists have a heart attack just looking at the number. So what do we do?

(2h 1m 1s):
Let, let's say someone takes a a OB test what we do function or from their doctor and they, and they've got an a OB let's like one 10. What do you Do? Well, the NIH basically is great. They now said that the n of one research is among the highest quality research. And that what that means is you compared to you. Right? I don't wanna compare myself to a 70 kilogram white male from Kansas or some, you know, a five foot tall woman from like, you know, I don't know, like Afghanistan. Like, we're all different. And so we, we need to see what happens to our biology. That's why I believe tests. Don't guess and do something, follow it up and track it. You know, how often depends on what you're doing. Lipids change very quickly. Typical, Typical Person lipids can change within a month.

(2h 1m 42s):
So I give people a month of changing a diet or changing a lifestyle or behavior to see what happens. Vitamin D can take longer. If you're low, it can take up to three months to rebuild. If your iron is low, it can take three months to rebuild your iron. So it depends on the test. But, but you know, you can quickly see changes in your insulin resistance and your insulin levels and your blood sugar levels and your lipid levels by changing diet. And, But you have to be systematic, right? Yeah. I mean you can't, Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I, I had a patient who was, who was, I have a program called the 10 Day Detox Diet essentially is a Whole Foods diet, which eliminates a lot of the inflammatory foods that are problematic for people. And it creates an incredible, like, quick response. It's like, I, I call it setting your body back to its original factory settings.

(2h 2m 22s):
And she was like, I wanna check my blood after you 10 days. I'm like, no, it we, it's gonna be a waste of money. We shouldn't do it. Your numbers aren't gonna change that much. But she insisted and I was like, okay. And she did, and the numbers just dramatically changed her lipids or insulin or blood sugar inflammation levels. So the body is like a, you change the inputs and the outputs change dramatically. So I think it's really about finding out what's going on for you. So Andrea, I'll say, well try to go off of meat and see what happens to your a b or try to add more this kind of fat. I started Eating more tuna and eating a little bit less beef. And I, and then you get in trouble a function test. And I discovered my Mercury was elevated by the way, I learned something the hard way also a few years prior to that. Which is ch I know this sounds crazy, but check your dishwasher.

(2h 3m 6s):
Some of them have Mercury thermometers that are, that are leaky. Yeah. Now I was told the Mercury from the Mercury thermometers in dishwashers is, is biologically inert. But I'll tell you, it's not pleasant to see a bunch of little Mercury beads floating around in on, on your dishes. I mean, considering it's the most potent toxin known to humans other than plutonium, I would probably avoid all forms of Mercury. So do you eat tuna? Rarely. Ah, I love tuna sushi And Raleigh. Okay. But I, I, I actually, you know, have little hacks where you can take a chelating drug after you go to a Sushi restaurant. Like what, what's A-D-M-S-A? It's f FDA-approved drug for heavy metal chelation. Prescription prescription. DMSA. Yeah.

(2h 3m 46s):
Okay. Yeah. What, what dosage Depends. You can do like 500 milligrams or two, You'll take that after you go out to sushi. Yeah. That, I mean that is, It is kind of like a Dr. Hack I can do where you can ask your doctor for it. I don't, I don't recommend it. It's like, you know, Well as long as we're on this, I, let's talk. I like, I love the range of topics we're touching into today, by the way. Because By the way, I almost died from Mercury poisoning. So I know how to manage it, how my body works. I've checked my genes and why I don't detox, this Is from the China. Yeah. I know how to upregulate my detox pathways through food, through Supplements. Are you a fan of Sulforaphane? Absolute. When I did the episode on microplastics and pfas, yeah. Yeah. I started taking Sulforaphane and increasing my cruciferous vegetable intake Upregulate glutathione, which is the body's main detoxifying compound.

(2h 4m 29s):
Like So do you also take an Acetylcysteine? I do, yeah. Daily. Daily? Yeah. How much? 600. 600 milligrams? Yeah. Okay. I'll do three or four times that if I feel a cold coming on. Yeah. But I don't take it daily. I should probably take it daily. Well, considering we live in a toxic soup. Yeah. I mean we just can't get away from it. In the air, Water And the food And Acetylcysteine, we already talked about the omegas and the basics, magnesium, et cetera. What are some things that when people start to hit their forties, fifties, sixties, that you think they should add in for their health? And is there anything female specific or male specific? For Sure.

(2h 5m 9s):
I mean, you know, what's really frightening, Andrew, is that because of the diet we have, which is hormonally regulating sugar and Starch tend to screw up in both men's and women's hormones. It makes women more like men and men more like women. So you get PCOS in women, which is hair growth on your face, loss of hair on your head and and androgen Androgens. The androgen, yeah. Yeah. And then for men, their testosterone goes down. The bigger your belly, the lower your testosterone. So when you start your sugar, you get belly fat. So I mean, young young men have low testosterone. I, I would've, I would've said, if you asked me 20 years ago, I would say, well, you know, you start checking in your forties and seeing the changes that happen.

(2h 5m 52s):
But now I think we gotta start looking earlier. And a lot of guys are get, are getting on TRT young. Yeah. I, I'm on, on a bit of a campaign now to discourage that. Yeah. I don't think it's a good idea. I think that if they're doing everything right, like eating right and exercising, and that doesn't mean over exercising. If you overtrain like you're run, running, running your testosterone, it's gonna be gonna be diminished for sure. But encouraging them to do everything they can with behaviors. And I include nutrition and some supplementation before getting on TRT because of the reduction sperm count. Yeah. That comes from TRT unless you offset it with H cg. Yeah. So, you know, I I I've said before in the podcast, I, I take 25 milligrams of cate every other day. Staggered with HCG 600 IU every other day.

(2h 6m 33s):
I've been open about that for, from the beginning at, but I started at age 45. Yeah. And I do free sperm every year just because there's some age related effects on sperm and like why not? It's very inexpensive to cryopreserve. But I think young guys are are it's scary that their testosterone is So low. Yeah, so low. Yeah. Especially if they're not overweight. Yeah. So what, what's going on? Well also there's Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals. So her Heavy Metals, pesticides, a lot of these are, we call xenobiotics, meaning they're foreign kind of compounds that are biologically active. And there's a whole book on this that I read like almost 30 years ago called Our Stolen Future by Theo Colburn, which lays out, it was kinda like the Rachel Carson Silent Spring version of a few years ago, which talked about the reproductive effects of these petrochemical Toxins that are everywhere in our food, in our water, in our air.

(2h 7m 26s):
And they affect Fertility rates. They affect birth rates in terms of men, male and female. Female. Shana Wan is, was on this podcast and gosh, if it wasn't for her and her incredible work and the fact that she's such a skeptic of any data that I, I don't think people would respect the, the data on pesticides as much as they do. Yeah. Because I think it took somebody with her kind of front facing image to, you know, she, she's not like, she talks a lot about the environmental working group and the real hardcore science types are like, oh they, they're anti-environmental working group. I was shocked to learn that a lot of people in the scientific community are like anti-environmental working group. Wow. I thought how could that possibly be? They call it woo science.

(2h 8m 7s):
I mean the politics and all this are really complicated. Yeah. But what do you do to remove Heavy Metals? Just To answer your question about what you should, you should be testing. I think most people should be testing, you know, depending on where you are and what age you are. But your hormonal panels on a regular basis. So sex hormones male would be free testosterone, total testosterone, estradiol, DHT as well, H-D-H-E-A-D-H-T. Sometimes we have hair loss that can be treated for men, for women, same thing. They need, you know, FSH lh sex hormones like estradiol, progesterone, testosterone for women as well. DHA sulfate, which can be a indicator of PCOS. And we are seeing with our function, because we've had 150,000 members now, we have literally 10 150,000 Thousand.

(2h 8m 51s):
We have tens of millions of biological data points. And we can see anonymized data showing the trends in the population and it's not good. And, and then the good news is you can do something about it. So Can insurance cover a blood test like functional? Yes. If you get your health savings account or your F FSAs, you can use those for function health testing. But you, you, if you don't have that and you can't use that regular insurance doesn't cover yet. I'm hoping we're gonna change That. Yeah. Is that in the, is that in the cards? That's in the roadmap for sure. 'cause once we can prove that we create value and we're seeing this when people use function, they get their lab tests done and then we follow them for, you know, every six months. And we can see the changes in the biomarkers toward the positive.

(2h 9m 32s):
How many people go from abnormal to normal. And it's not just by knowing their tests. And there's tens of thousands of pages of content that have highly curated and scientifically referenced on what to do if you have this or that normal biomarkers. So you ask me, yeah, what do I do for Mercury? Yeah. If you get a positive Mercury and you double clicked on that, you would get a very deep analysis of what you need to do. Here's the way to reduce your exposures through your water and air. Here's how you reduce your exposure through food by reducing these kinds of fish, eating more, these kinds of fish. Are you A fan of using charcoal as a chelator? I don't think charcoal's great for Heavy Metals. No. I think, I think it's good for binding anything. So we use it. How do you, how does one take charcoal? I've been a little bit cautious about taking charcoals.

(2h 10m 13s):
You Make it as capsules. When I was in the ER though, we used to use it. If people came with a drug overdose, we'd make 'em drink a cup of charcoal. Literally their teeth would turn black. It was awful. So If ipu, If you try to kill yourself and it's punishment for trying to kill yourself, This is gallows humor that only a physician could, could, could laugh at this. I know a number of physicians and they all have this gallow's humor. I think it's a survival tactic. You have to, you have to 'cause you're liking situations, which you're, would maybe you otherwise go crazy. Let's say I want to remove some Heavy Metals and Toxins from the body. Yeah, I could take a charcoal tablet. No, you can take a tablet, but I wouldn't do that. Okay. What I would say is one, reduce your exposures. Number one, treating tuna big fish. You know, it's basically a, the bigger the fish, the more the Mercury.

(2h 10m 53s):
Right. I don't eat much tuna anymore. Yeah. Every Once while. So, so small fish, Sam, I call it the smashes while small wild salmon, mackerel, anchovies, sardines. And Harry, I hate, favorite, favorite fish. All your favorite. I hate all those. But, but is there anything I can take? So here's what I would do. I would, I would, you know, there, there are, there's a, and I don't have any relationship with this company. It's called opia fish. It sources fish around the world from Regeneratively. Oh Yeah. I've seen their stuff. Regenerative fish farms. So it's farmed, but it's healthy and it doesn't have all the Heavy Metals and you can get good fish. There are some small tuna farms that are like smaller tunas where they actually do this too, but they don't source from there.

(2h 11m 33s):
Second is, I would, I would upregulate all of your endogenous detox pathways. So this, your body has a system of elimination and doctors say detox is bullshit. Baloney. You, you poop, you pee, you breathe, you sweat. Like this is your, your liver has a whole series of pathways that are detoxification pathways. Your kidney does, your gut does, I mean this is what your body does, right? Your, your poop, pee sweat, you know, all these things. So you have to up regular body's own systems. So you need to take foods that upr, regular liver. You mentioned needing more surface vegetables. You could have more garlic, you could actually juice. Cilantro is a great hack for getting rid of Heavy Metals. Really? Yeah. It doesn't taste very good. I like cilantro, But juicing like a couple of bunches of that every day will help bring it down.

(2h 12m 17s):
And then there are things like Fiber to help bind it. So you talk about charcoal, that's a binder. But just fi eating a higher Fiber diet will help you eliminate things faster through your colon. Like Heavy Metals. And Then do you believe in, in gut cleanses there's this, this, I don't dunno, I'll wanna just talk about it. There's this fermented plum product in plum someone gave me, no, it it comes in a beautiful packaging like this orange and black packaging. It's a fermented plum or pomelo that a friend of mine said, listen, you have to stay home the next day, but you take this before you go to sleep, you drink of like, you know, 16 ounces of water. You go to sleep. Yeah. You wake up in the morning and you're not going anywhere that day except a few trips to the bathroom.

(2h 12m 60s):
But you, it completely empties your digestive tract. Yeah, well They can get a colonoscopy and get that too through the prep. Yeah. No. So it's not something that I, well I tried it 'cause I was like, all right, I'll give this a try. Is it healthy or unhealthy or neutral to do a complete digestive tract? Empty. I mean I think you, you you, it depends how you do it and what's causing it. Like, you know, but it can, it can disrupt your gut flora. So you, you, your gut will really repopulate often with the flora that it had. But you know, part of the reason we're so sick is our gut flora is so harmed by c-sections. Antibiotics, lack of breastfeeding. The infant formula itself is a microbiome harmful compound for many reasons. Not saying women shouldn't use formula, but there's better formulas and worse formulas.

(2h 13m 43s):
And, and so we, we've kind of like had a lot of gut issues. We've taken antibiotics, we've eaten food that's harmful to our microbiome. We are exposed to toxic. So Somebody might wanna flush their system. I think it can be helpful. And, and for example, we do this, for example, people have liver failure and you're an alcoholic and you have liver failure. Now liver failure comes mostly from eating sugar and Starch non, it's, they changed the name by the way, from non-alcoholic fatty liver disease to metabolic associated fatty liver disease, which is just kind of, so you, and so those people, if they come in with liver failure, they get crazy. Literally It is called hepatic encephalopathy. You get delirium, they're seeing things, they literally go nuts the treatment, you give 'em a sterilizing antibiotics, you kill everything in their gut called neomycin.

(2h 14m 29s):
And then you give 'em lactulose, which makes you poop your brains out. And then they, they basically flush all that out and all the Toxins that you can't metabolize from your microbiome get flushed out and you come back to normal cognition. Wow. And it's a standard medical treatment. It's like basically what you learn in medical school. Wow. So there, there is an argument, and I've done this with autistic kids who've had gut issues with certain different issues. Parkinson's, if you're constipated goes up by your risk goes up by 400%. And that's a toxin related neurological disease. Wow. Well This is, this thing is a hammer, but have you, it was sort of given to me as a joke and I thought, all right, well this is gonna be no big deal. Deal. You're be, be fine. Don't worry. Yeah, no, I only did it, I only did it twice on separate occasions.

(2h 15m 12s):
And I was like, okay, that wasn't super pleasant. But I just want to know, is it a valuable tool? Yeah. Yeah. And I wasn't interested in taking a drug and it's like this fermented fruit or something like that. I I did hear that from a colleague at Yale who studies the microbiome that if we fast or if we evacuate our digestive tract in kind of an aggressive way like that, that the healthy microbiome needs some time to replenish itself itself. That's right. It's not like you, like when you fast, you start eating away at the unhealthy, unhealthy microbiota. They or they, they aren't fed. Right. And so it's not, not across the board a good thing necessarily. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you wanna be careful of that. But I I, I think in terms of answering your question about metals, so you, you wanna upregulate your, you reduce your exposure, you wanna upregulate your pathways by food and then you can upregulate the pathways by nutrients.

(2h 16m 2s):
So we talked about N-Acetyl cysteine. So anything that boosts glutathione, lipoic acid, all the methylating B vitamins B12, fol eight B six, making sure you have enough protein. 'cause a lot of the phase two pathways in your liver that help you detoxify are dependent on amino acids like CLE, ation and glutathione. It's, it's a, an important detoxifying compound. And you want to, you wanna basically open up all the pathways to get rid of. So I have a very specific detox protocol for Heavy Metals, includes all that and sometimes DMSA and binders. But I, I use silica, I use alginates from seaweed and others. I don't use charcoal for that. But you can safely remove metals from your body. And that's what happened to me. I, I was able to do it and I, you know, I'm not demented anymore and I don't have like Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.

(2h 16m 44s):
And if you looked at pictures of me in my thirties, you're like, wow, you look terrible. Like, Well I met you 10 years ago. Yeah. And you truly have aged backwards and you look great then. Yeah. You look super vibrant then. Like you have a ton of energy. Yeah. I mean I think you, you embody a lot of the things that people would like for healthy aging. And I, I know you also exercise and you, you do all the things. I'd like to talk about some of the kind of more cutting edge things that are happening. Okay. Alright. That I've not tried, but that I'm curious about. And you wanna know if I've done them or not? Well, or maybe or just what I've tried everything pretty much. Yeah. Let's, well let's actually something I have tried but that I'm not an expert on, but we've done a couple of podcasts about, but I'd like your thoughts on Peptides.

(2h 17m 26s):
Yeah. What are some of the Peptides that you think can be useful to people if they can afford them and work with a doctor where they can get it safely? Let's just assume all that, what are the Peptides that you think are of, of real value to, to people who aren't like really sick but are doing everything they can? Optimization. Yeah, optimization and just, yeah. Generally trying to point all the boats in the direction of health. Yeah. And it depends on what your needs are, what's happening with health and like anything you're using, it should be used for a purpose. Right. And, and Peptides are simply mini proteins that have biological effects. And I think of them as the, the, your body's super high way of information and connectivity that drives everything. So they regulate your sex hormones, your growth hormone, your metabolic health nerve function, I mean sexual desire.

(2h 18m 14s):
I mean there's just million Peptides. Like GLP one is a peptide. Insulin's a peptide, right? So there are tens of thousands of Peptides that are made by the body that are used to regulate everything. And so there's a number of them that have been available, that have been studied well. Some of them are on the market like, you know, ozempic or insulin or vii, which is something called PT 4 1 41 for Hypersexual hypersexual Women, right? Yeah. For women. But you use it for men, it works for Well, but it's f FDA A approved for women. It's f FDA A approved for women. Yeah. It works for men too. Is It Kisspeptin? Is that what No, it's not Kisspeptin. It's a, I'm gonna butcher the name. It's like, it starts with a be lemon the tide or something like that. Okay. Okay. And, and you know, it, it does make you nauseous.

(2h 18m 55s):
So you need to take a be careful, you wanna, you don't wanna throw up while you're having sex. But Definitely not, not Too sexy, but it does work. But there's a number of, depending on your needs, for example, if you're athletic and you're, you know, in the gym a lot, you wanna increase recovery and repair, there's Peptides like BPC 1 57 and TB 500 and GHK that are regulatory Peptides for tissue repair and healing. There are Peptides that you can use for immune function like Thymosin Alpha one, which is great if you're getting a cold or you have an, an immune issue or you have covid or what's The pathway for Thymosin Alpha or Thymosin Alpha, I, we don't have to go through every biochemical step, but is the logic there that you're increasing the number, number, excuse me, of T-cells and B cells?

(2h 19m 41s):
Yeah, So basically you're, you know, when you're born you have a giant thymus gland, which like takes up your whole chest and as really Yeah. If you look at, exactly, if you look at a baby, just you can take a Google image and put it up there. It's like basically like your whole sternum. It's like this big, but it involutes or shrinks as you get older and it kinda becomes smaller, but it's still a source of your immune function and it helps with building your immune resilience and it, and as we age, it gets worse and worse. And so the thymic alpha, alpha one does increase your, your white blood cell function and, and number and it helps. Im improve that. Then there's Peptides that are like a great, like PT 1 41 for sexual function. There's Peptides like kisspeptin that increases testosterone. There's ones like ipamorelin that intestinal that it may help growth hormone.

(2h 20m 24s):
There's Do you, do you take it, you don't have to share what you take, but do you think any of these are kind of mainstays for people over 40 if they can afford them? Some of them I think, but you have to be careful because they're, they're, they're not like just taking a vitamin. I mean if you take an overdose of vitamin, yeah you get in trouble. Or if you have other fat soluble vitamins like vitamin A, you can get in trouble. Most water soluble vitamins, you're not gonna get in trouble. Although be six, you have to be careful with an overdose. That and magnesium, if you take too much of it, you just poop your brains out. So, and vitamin C the same thing. So your body can manage, but Peptides are very powerful compounds. I mean look at ozempic, I mean look at insulin. I mean these are very powerful compounds But not to be messed around with. No. So you really need someone who's educated in it.

(2h 21m 6s):
Well and they should be usually a doctor or some licensed professional who has studied and understands this and they should be used with monitoring to the side effects. The effects, the effects on your lab work and hormones. What About Cycling them? Yeah, so, so you don't wanna necessarily always take them all the time and you wanna do cycle 'em frequently. Ones that stimulate things like growth hormone, you don't wanna be on that all the time. I Worry about BPC 1 57 because in my experience It is effective at treating minor injuries and things like that. Yeah. But people now just take it continuously. Continuously, yeah. And it increases angiogenesis. Yeah. Growth of capillaries and vessels and things like that. And if you have a tumor, you do not want increase angiogenesis to the tumor. Exactly. You just wouldn't know if that was happening. Right. There's no way to know until that tumor, you know, starts creating problems.

(2h 21m 49s):
Right. Although that, that's another thing, Cancer Screening or is so antiquated. Right. We do such poor jobs of Cancer Screening with, you know, a colonoscopy, a PAP test, a Mammogram. What's a better Cancer Screening? There's a new technology that has been developed using fragments of DNA that are released into the bloodstream from cancers way before it ever shows up on a scan or an imaging, which you can pick up cancers a year, two or three before they ever show up on any kind of other tests. And it's called gallery. It screens 50 of the most common cancers, many of which there's no screening, test, test for. And it, the false positive rate, which is what you worry about, is very low, like half a percent.

(2h 22m 33s):
That means it shows you have a cancer when you actually don't, which can be very terrifying. It, it's about 75% accurate and finding the cancer if early, if you find it. And it's great. I mean, we, we've picked up so many people with issues. One in 188 of our members who've tested with this test have a cancer that they wouldn't have known about otherwise, and they can catch in early stage before it kills you. The pushback on this early detection was surprising to me. Not this one in particular, but like a few years ago I paid for a pre Novo scan. Yeah, yeah. Then I started seeing some of the pushback on whole body MRIs from people in the standard medical community. So I asked my good friend a neuro at UCSF Eddie Chang, I said, Hey, what do you think of these whole body scans?

(2h 23m 13s):
And he said, I get people coming in all the time who have identified aneu brain tumors and aneurysms and issues that they were completely unaware of that life. They'd probably be dead in the next five to 10 years. And by the way, I don't get paid by Pvo. Yeah. I, I don't have any deal with Pvo or any other of these whole body imaging things, and I realize there's a cost. So I think the implication is from the people that give pushback, like, oh, these things are expensive and we, and we're gonna kind of push back on them as a tool because we don't want people to feel badly if they can't get them. We want, we don't want to make, They're gonna become commoditized. They're gonna become cheap. Just like we're able to get like $15,000 of test for 4, 9, 9, we're gonna be able to get a whole body scan for 300 bucks. It's happening. It's not, it doesn't number 3000 bucks.

(2h 23m 54s):
So that's coming and great, I think we're gonna lean into that and function in the future, but it's really, it's really important to understand that you want data on your body as much as you can have and as much as you can afford. And the healthcare system should pay for it. And they don't, 'cause they don't, they don't understand the value of this because they, they don't see the benefit as the people transfer insurance companies so regularly and jobs so regularly that they figure, oh, if I invest in somebody's health and the next guy's gonna get the benefit, you know, if I'm united, then Aetna will get the benefit or signal will get the benefit. And I see, you know, it's kind of like a, it's, it's a perverse incentive system. But I, I, I think, you know, data driven healthcare is the future. Really. Imagine, imagine in place where you can have all your personal health data, and this is where we're going, where you can have all your biomarker testing, where you can have all your wearable data, your full genome, your microbiome, all imaging data, not just a whole body scan, but looking your body composition, looking at ai, heart scans that tell how much plaque you have and, and, and much more with your medical history, with all the world scientific literature informing it with knowledge experts also overlaying their knowledge and expertise onto it in a platform that allows you to query it.

(2h 25m 6s):
So think about like an AI chat bot that's just based on you. Like it's your data. And what, what now in medicine is so amazing is we try to like, make diagnoses and understand what's going on with people with such limited data sets About them. About them, right. They're so antiquated. And so you've got guys like Lee Hood who's literally measuring thousands and thousands of data points on patients. And he's using his project called the Pheno Project, I think it's called Pheno Health, where he's, he's being able to say, oh, geez, I can detect this from a few molecules in the blood. I can see what's going on with your microbiome or a few molecules in your blood. I can see if you're gonna be at risk for Alzheimer's. And now we offer this for, for you think there was no test for Alzheimer's, right? You had to do a brain biopsy or you had to wait till you got, you know, you forget your, you know, name of this or that or the other thing.

(2h 25m 52s):
And now we can, through blood testing, look for things like PTA two 17 and amyloid 42 40 made Amy 42 40 ratios. What Can you do in response to that, let's say somebody is Well, That's a good question. That's A great question. I mean, I mean, Alzheimer's is a tough one. I followed this this field for a long time. Yeah. I had people working in the bench right across from me as a postdoc. There was, there have been so many hypothesis. Yeah. Not just the plaques and tangles thing, not just the beta amyloid hypothesis, but I'll tell you, my friends who are a neurologists are not optimistic. They're not, but they're not looking at the problem the right way. Right. It's, it's sort of like the blind man in the elephant. They're looking at their one thing and they're, they don't see an answer.

(2h 26m 34s):
But you guys, guys like Richard Isaacson who is at Cornell and now he's in Florida, who, who, if you haven't had on your podcast, you should, who's a, who was a neurologist studying Alzheimer's and looking at deep diagnostics and personalized approaches to address the Root Causes and seeing remarkable outcome reversals he had a special on was, I think CNN was Sanjay Gupta, where they looked literally showed that you can take these biomarkers and you find them early enough, you can intervene. And again, I've done this with dozens of patients who had dementia who were able to stop or reverse it. I haven't with Diet, Not just diet, it's everything. So Alzheimer's is, it's like, it's like saying, it's like just saying you can't remember stuff.

(2h 27m 15s):
Like, you know, we have all these fancy names we give to diseases and then we say, oh, I know why you can't remember things. You have Alzheimer's. No, Alzheimer's is the name we give to people who can't remember things. It's a certain specific type of problem. It's a constellation of Issues. But then the question is what causes it? And there are multiple causes. It's called type two diabetes of the type three diabetes of the brain, or it's caused by insulin resistance. We know diabetics have four times the rate of Alzheimer's. It could be caused by environmental Toxins like Heavy Metals. It could be caused by mold or it could be caused by Lyme disease like Chris Christofferson had. Or it could be caused by change in the microbiome or by nutritional deficiencies. I had one woman who was like diagnosed with early dementia and she had, she was older, brilliant woman, but was starting to lose it.

(2h 27m 55s):
Turned out she had severe methylation issues and bpro b vitamin deficiency and folate deficiency. And I treated her with a vitamin B12 shot and some B vitamins and she, she came right back. So it, it, it's a multi, again, multi causal, multimodal treatments. You gotta figure out all the causes and you gotta treat all the problems. If someone has Mercury issues and mold issues and they have Lyme disease and they have gut issues and they have pre-diabetes and they have methylation issues, you gotta treat all those things. And then you can see real change in people's biomarkers. Ketogenic Diets have been affected, but it's not like a keto diet will fix everybody with Alzheimer's or that chelation will fix everybody with Alzheimer's or that fixing their diabetes will fix everybody with Alzheimer's, you have to find all the things and treat all the things like if you roof have has 30 holes in it and you plug 25 of 'em and it rains, it's still gonna get wet in your house.

(2h 28m 44s):
Yeah. You know, and that's the opposite of how medicine's practiced. And I, I ran into this at Cleveland Clinic and we were trying to study Alzheimer's and we had a guy who really wanted to look at the black box of Functional Medicine. People come in, you do personalized care out the other side, what happens? And the, the head of science there was like, no, no, we can't do that. We can only study one thing at a time. Vitamin D we'll do that study, then we'll do fish oil study, then we'll do diet study, then we'll do exercise study, then we'll do whatever study. I'm like, that's not how the body works. You need, you know, if you want to grow a plant, you can't just say, I'm just gonna give it water and soil but no light. Or I'm gonna give it light but no soil. Or, you know, like, it just doesn't make sense. So the Whole context, Yeah. Functional Medicine is really about understanding this model and how do you apply it in a personalized way.

(2h 29m 24s):
And Richard Isaacs has done it. Dale Bresson's done it. And their, their results are amazing. And I, and I personally have seen this in, in my patients where they either stop progressing or they reverse it. Now sometimes they do progress and it's hard, but I've had patients who've done incredible for years and years and years. Well, about a year ago, somebody who's probably one of the finest cardiologists in North America contacted me of all people and asked, what do I know about Ketogenic Diet for the treatment of Alzheimer's? And I said, well, this, I've known him since I was a kid. 'cause he had a family friend, a phenomenal cardiologist. And I said, you know, this is an odd moment because I remember years ago I said, I was gonna go into neuroscience. And he said, why would you go into neuroscience?

(2h 30m 4s):
Like, there's nothing to, like, neuroscience is a ridiculous field. Why would you do that? I think he, yeah, that's What the joke, the joke about neurologists is you diagnose an adios, like there's nothing to do. You could diagnosing problem, but you can't do anything about it. So exactly to That point. So, but he was very curious because his father had Alzheimer's and he was exploring the Ketogenic Diet for the treatment of Alzheimer's for his dad. And he was observing some really impressive results. So here's a, a cardiologist among the best asking me what I've seen about this. And I said, well, I know Dale Bredesen's work and, and I'm, I'm learning as I go and we will cover this on the podcast. This is very informative. I wanna make sure that we hit the other kind of cutting edge things.

(2h 30m 45s):
I'm curious if you take anything to augment NAD I take sublingual NMN every day. I don't get paid by a company that makes NMN. I take it the most noticeable effects that I've observed are increased energy. My hair grows super fast when I take NAD and my nails grow super fast. Those are not effects I was trying to achieve. But that's what, what what I've observed. Do you take NMN NR or do you do NAD infusions? Yeah, I do. And why? I think, you know, when you look at the data, and I, I wrote my a book called Young Forever and talk about longevity and the pathways. And when you look at the fundamental regulatory systems in the body around cellular repair, healing, renewal, regeneration, we have a built in healing system.

(2h 31m 27s):
Like everybody understands that if you cut your skin, you don't go, oh, would you please heal and please recruit these, you know, Stem Cells and read these angiogenesis factors and bring cytokines over here to do the, your body knows what to do something, you break a bone, it's like got an, it's got a its own healing system. So in the body there's, I call these Longevity Switches and, but they regulate not just what longevity, but they regulate chronic disease and and much more. And they're embedded ancient pathways that exist from worms to humans. MTOR, MPKS, sirtuins and insulin signaling pathways and, and NAD in the body works to activate one of those Longevity Switches called sirtuins, which are involved in DNA repair.

(2h 32m 9s):
So when you get a hundred thousand hits a day of your DNA as it's unraveling and raveling and it's got a gets damaged, you need an army to go out and like, you know, fix it. Right? A bunch of carpenters kinda like repair then broken DNA NAD stimulates that. It also stimulates mitochondrial biogenesis forming new mitochondria, improves mitochondrial function, improves insulin sensitivity, improves mTOR auto, auto induced autophagy. So there are a lot of redundancies in these pathways, but it's really quite amazing when you see how the body is organized. And so NAD is one of the things, it's not gonna make you live forever or cure every disease, but it's a, It is an, it's an optimization tool because as you get older, NAD levels decline and so your mitochondria decline, your energy declines and it's, it's great for all of that.

(2h 32m 54s):
So I take it and I, I I think How do you get NAD Infusion? I get, I get a thousand, I get a thousand milligrams of NMN. Okay, so you take that daily. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I do the sublingual NMN and occasionally I'll get an NAD infusion, but it's so unpleasant. Yeah. As it goes in, it's like you're getting stomped on by an elephant. That's true. Slowly. Gotta go slow. Yeah, yeah. Slowly. But you do feel great afterwards. Exosomes. Yeah. Have you had 'em? I've Had 'em. I Given 'em. What are they and why would you get 'em? So again, the body has this amazing healing system and it's part of the body's healing system. And this whole field you're talking about, whether it's Peptides, whether it's exosomes, whether there's NMN, it's part of this field of regenerative medicine.

(2h 33m 34s):
How do we regenerate and heal and repair by activating our body's own built in systems which are way better and way stronger and work way faster than most medications, if you know how to use them. So Exosomes are essentially the little packets of healing information that are inside Stem Cells. And there's thousands of them and, and they get released. Think of like little kind of like, you know, when you blow bubbles when you're a kid, it's like these little bubbles of stuff that go out into the body and then they go to where they're needed and then they release the packets of information that contain growth factors, healing factors, anti-inflammatory factors, tissue repair factors. And that's how the body tends to repair and heal. And so I remember once I had covid really bad and I afterwards, I I've never really felt depressed.

(2h 34m 20s):
I might have been sad obviously in my life and lost parents and had things happen that were, you know, life issues. But I felt physiologically depressed. Like my brain felt terrible. I couldn't think. That's how I felt with Covid too. Yeah. Cognitive issues. I was like, I'm an idiot and I'm depressed and I wanna kill myself and oh my, that's serious. My higher self is like, this is not me. Like, and I, I took a load of Exosomes iv, I just got 'em 'cause I'm a doctor, I can get 'em. And I gave 'em to myself and literally within hours I was resurrected. It was, it was amazing. Yeah. And I've used it for my knee. I have a meniscus injury. I've used them in my knee, I've used them in my back. So I think they can be very effective. I use them intravenously for, Is it done in the United States?

(2h 35m 2s):
You can, you can give s in the United States. So it's FDA approved. Yeah. But you know, they're approved for skin issues or this thing. So there's like an off-label uses what they, what they use 'em for a lot of things like Stem Cells, you have to go outta the country to do it. And there's are regulatory issues or safety issues. I'm still scared to do Stem Cells. I understand. I mean it's, you want to not play with this stuff, but you also, you know, can be, it can be used effectively. Like my wife, for example, was a runner and she kind of tore her knees up and had Pat tele femoral syndrome and couldn't walk. And I mean, she's younger than I'm, and she's, she shouldn't be feeling that like she's 80 years old than her knees. We went to Costa Rica to a very reputable center and I knew the, you know, the founders of it.

(2h 35m 42s):
I inspected the laboratory I with the scientists who, you know, harvested them, who grew them, what they did, their testing practice. I did my homework and she ended up having no knee problems after she got her Stem Cells in her knees. And I was like, that's amazing. And this is like, you know, probably close to two years later. That's awesome. I mean, I've heard great things from many people. I, I haven't felt a need to do Stem Cells, so that's why I haven't done it. But I'm curious about exosomes and been, you know, cautiously exploring the peptide space. We talked about some other Supplements. Look, mark, we've covered a ton. Yeah, it was a whirlwind. And I know and at the same, not Of a DD I'm like, what we talking About? No, no. At, at the same time, I mean we talked about Food as Medicine.

(2h 36m 23s):
Yeah. Talked about core Supplements that people really should perhaps not even think about as Supplements anymore. But that's sort of up to the, that's in the, the ear of the beholder. My joke on that is this, I said, people say, do you need Supplements? I'm like, no, you don't need Supplements. But only under certain conditions you drink pure clean water, you breathe pure clean air, you wake up with the sun, you go to bed with the sun, you have no chronic stress, you're exposed to no environmental Toxins and you're only hunting and gathering your own wild food. If that's you, you don't eat any Supplements. And it's the 1930s, right? So yeah, things like D three omegas, I like that answer. Magnesium, selenium, Iodine. A case you made a case for table salt in addition to all the fancy salts that we all enjoy or just Heavy seaweed and fish, you know, Seaweed and fish, but not tuna.

(2h 37m 6s):
And thank you for touching on air and lack of cleanliness in air, heavy metal poisoning. Things to be cautious about. There is ways to detox and, and for illustrating that, that detoxification is possible through known pathways. That anti-aging longevity, whatever you wanna call it. And bodily repair pathways are inherent in us. And so we're, we're can encourage them. Yeah. And I also really want to thank you for being willing to wade into the swamp. The swamp that is the public health debate right now. But especially the corner of the swamp that is, for lack of a better way to put it, the Big Food FDA relationship and what you and Bobby Kennedy and others, I hope that they will recruit from, from the left.

(2h 37m 54s):
I know Corey Booker's been Oh yeah. Actively involved in this. He's on the right. He's on the left clearly and trying to clean up the food supply, give people options. What I heard is that it's not about forcing things, but it's about giving people options and knowledge, Transparency, education. Yeah. So like, I, I really appreciate you and the entire population of people that care about their health, whether they realize it or not. They appreciate you. 'cause you're a real pioneer in this field and you've trudged some really challenging waters. And I happen to know, and I feel very good saying that It is your inherent good nature. I think that's allowed you to go through one swamp after another, after the other with your like optimism and your, your, your kindness of spirit intact.

(2h 38m 37s):
So, you know, thanks. You're a real role model to everyone who cares about their health and who's trying to help others care about their health. Yeah. I'm a pathological optimist, but the good news is optimists live longer even if they're wrong. Well, I was thinking about this the other day. I met your new dog. Oh yeah, Lenny, and forgive me for saying this, Lenny, but Lenny's got a great attitude. You know what my first thought was? He's kinda like Mark, he like came in there, he crawled up on my lap. Although you didn't crawl up on my lap. I just wanna make the point that he he has no stranger danger. Yeah, he was very, but but he's a, he's a really wonderful and beautiful dog by the way. He is a impressive dog. And you just have that good nature about you. And I know you want the best for people. I just don't like people suffering when they don't need to. I feel like I'm, I'm having a glass of water.

(2h 39m 18s):
They're thirsty and there's a giant glass wall between us. And that's why I've been working my whole life to kind of get the message out about how people can heal, whether it's on their own or whether through my books or through a free education, my podcast, like your stuff. I mean, it's, it's, It is a public service because people are suffering and they don't need to. I feel that. I know everyone listening feels that. And thank you for everything that you've done and again, for being such a pioneer and keep going. Thanks. Thanks Andrew. Thanks Mark. Thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Dr. Mark Hyman. To learn more about Dr. Hyman's work and to find links to the various sources discussed during the course of this episode, please see the show note captions. If you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel.

(2h 40m 1s):
That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please follow the podcast by clicking the follow button on both Spotify and Apple and on both Spotify and Apple. You can leave us up to a five star review and you can now leave us comments at both Spotify and Apple. Please also check out the Sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. If you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or guests or topics that you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comments section on YouTube. I do read all the comments for those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled Protocols and Operating Manual for the Human Body. This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience.

(2h 40m 46s):
And it covers protocols for everything from sleep to exercise to stress control protocols related to focus and motivation. And of course, I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included. The book is now available by presale at Protocols Book dot com. There you can find links to various vendors. You can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called Protocols, an Operating Manual for the Human Body. And if you're not already following me on Social Media, I am Huberman Lab on all Social Media platforms. So that's Instagram X Threads, Facebook and LinkedIn. And on all those platforms, I discuss science and science related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the information on the Huberman Lab podcast.

(2h 41m 31s):
Again, it's Huberman Lab on all Social Media platforms. And if you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network Newsletter, the Neural Network Newsletter is a zero cost monthly newsletter. That includes podcast summaries as well as what we call protocols in the form of one to three page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep, how to optimize dopamine, deliberate cold exposure. We have a foundational fitness protocol that covers cardiovascular training and resistance training. All of that is available completely zero cost. You simply go to Huberman Lab dot com, go to the menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to newsletter, and enter your email. And I should emphasize that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion with Dr.

(2h 42m 11s):
Mark Hyman. And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.