
Welcome to Huberman Lab Essentials, where we revisit past episodes for the most potent and actionable science based tools for mental health, physical health and performance. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. This podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public. Today I'd like to talk about endurance and How to Build Endurance and how to use endurance for the health of your entire body. Endurance, as the name suggests, is our ability to engage in continuous bouts of exercise or continuous movement or continuous effort of any kind.


It is clear that cardiovascular exercise, exercise, where you're getting your heart rate up continuously for a period of time is vital for tapping into and enhancing various aspects of our biology in the body and in the brain, such that our brain can perform work for longer periods of time, focused work, learning, et cetera. The key thing to understand about energy production in the body is this thing that we call ATP. ATP is required for anything that requires energy for anything that you do that requires effort. So our muscles and our Neurons use different fuel sources to generate ATP.


The ones that are used first for short bouts of intense activity are things like phospho, creatine. If you've only heard about creatine as a supplement, well, phospho creatine actually exists on our muscles, and that's why people take creatine. You can load your muscles with more creatine, phospho creatine is great for short, intense bouts of effort. Then you start to tap into things like Glucose, which is literally just carbohydrated, just sugar that's in your blood. And then if you keep pushing, you start to tap into other fuel sources like glycogen, and you have fat stored in adipose tissue. Even if you have very, very low body fat percentage, you can extract lipids, fatty acids from that body fat.


It's like a storage pack. It is a storage pack for energy that can be converted to ATP. Without going into any more detail, when I say today energy or I say ATP, just remember that regardless of your diet, regardless of your nutritional plan, your body has the capacity to use creatine, Glucose, glycogen, lipids, and if your ketogenic ketones in order to generate fuel energy. Now, the other crucial point is that in order to complete that process of taking these fuels and converting them into energy, most of the time you need Oxygen.


You need air basically in your system. Now, it's not actual air. You need Oxygen molecules in your system comes in through your mouth and your nose goes to your Lungs and distributes via the bloodstream. Oxygen is not a fuel, but like a fire that has no Oxygen, you can't actually burn the logs. But when you blow a lot of Oxygen onto a fire, basically onto a logs with a flame there, then basically it will take fire. It will take fire, it will burn, okay? Oxygen allows you to burn fuel. So today we are going to ask the critical questions. What allows us to perform?


What allows us to continue effort for long periods of time? Well, we think of things like Willpower, but what's Willpower? Willpower is Neurons. It's Neurons in our brain. We have this thing called the central governor, which decides whether or not we should or could continue or whether or not we should stop whether or not we should quit. So we have to ask the question, what is the limiting factor on performance? What prevents us from enduring? What prevents us from moving forward? What are the factors that say, you know what? No more. I'm not gonna continue this run. There are five main categories of things that allow us to engage in effort. Now, I don't want to completely write off things like the immune system and other systems of the body, but nerve, muscle, blood, heart, and Lungs are the five that I wanna focus on today, because that's where most of the data are.


Let's talk about Neurons and how they work, okay? But I want to tell you about an experiment that's going to make it very clear why quitting is a mental thing, not a physical thing. So why do we quit? Well, an experiment was done a couple years ago and was published in the journal Cell Cell Press Journal, excellent journal, showing that there is a class of Neurons in our brainstem in the back of our brain that if they shut off, we quit. Now these Neurons release epinephrine. Epinephrine is adrenaline, and anytime we are engaged in effort of any kind, we are releasing epinephrine.


Anytime we're a awake, really we are releasing epinephrine into our brain. In fact, this little group of Neurons in the back of our brain, it's called the locust sarus, if you like, is churning out epinephrine all the time. But if something stresses us out, it churns out more, and then it acts as kind of an alertness signal for the whole brain. We also, of course, have adrenaline epinephrine released in our body, which makes our body ready for things. So think about epinephrine as a readiness signal, and when we are engaged in effort, this readiness signal is being churned into our brain. When we're relaxed and we're falling asleep, epinephrine levels are low. So our desire to continue or put differently, our willingness to continue and our desire to quit is mediated by events between our two ears.


Now, that doesn't mean that the body's not involved, but it means that Neurons are critically important. So we have two categories of Neurons that are important. The ones in our head that tell us, get up and go out and take that run, and the ones that allow us encourage us to continue that run. And we have Neurons that shut things off that say no more. And we of course have the Neurons that connect to our muscles and control our muscles. But the reason we quit is rarely because our body quits. Our mind quits. So when people say, is it I hear that, you know, sports or effort or fighting or it's 90% mental, 10% physical, that whole discussion about how much is mental, how much is physical, is absolutely silly.


It's 100% nervous system. It's Neurons, okay? So when people say mental or physical, understand it's 100% neural. Now, what do nerves need in order to continue to fire? What do you need in order to get Neurons to say, I, I will persist? Well, they need Glucose. Unless you're a keto and ketogenic adapted, you need, carbohydrate is Glucose. That's what Neurons run on, and you need Electrolytes. Neurons have what's called a sodium potassium pump, blah, blah, blah. They generate electricity in order to get nerves, nerve cells to fire, to contract muscle to say, I'm gonna continue.


You need sufficient sodium salt because the action potential, the actual firing of Neurons is driven by sodium entering the cell, rushing into the cell, and then there's a removal of potassium, and then there's a kind of resetting of those levels by something called the sodium potassium pump and the sodium potassium pump and sodium and action potentials, even if you don't know anything about that, is ATP dependent. It requires energy. So you need energy in order to get Neurons to fire, and it is Ph dependent. It depends on the conditions or the environment within the brain being of a certain Ph or acidity.


Ph is about how acid or how basic the environment is. Nerves need salt, they need potassium, and it turns out they need magnesium, and you need Glucose and carbohydrates in order to power those Neurons. Unless you are running on ketones, muscle muscle is going to engage and generate energy first by using this phospho creatine system. High bouts of effort, really intense effort, short-lived seconds to minutes, but probably more like seconds is gonna be this phospho, creatine, literally a fuel source in the muscle that you're gonna burn just like you would logs on a fire. And glycogen, which is stored carbohydrate in the muscle. They're converting that into ATP in order to generate that energy.


And then there's stuff in our blood that's available as an energy source and in blood we've got Glucose, so literally blood sugar that's floating around. So let's say you have fasted for three days, your blood Glucose is going to be very low, so that's not gonna be a great fuel source, but you will start to liberate fats from your adipose tissue, from your fat fatty acids will start to mobilize into the bloodstream, and you can burn those for energy. Now, there are some other factors that are important, and those are the heart which is going to move blood. So the more that the heart can move blood and Oxygen, well, the more fuel that's going to be available for you to engage in muscular effort and thinking effort.


And as I've mentioned Oxygen a few times, it should be obvious then that the Lungs are very important. You need to bring Oxygen in and distribute it to all these tissues because Oxygen is critical for the conversion of carbohydrates and the conversion of fats. So when we ask the question, what's limiting for performance? What is going to allow us to endure, to engage in effort and endure long ballots of effort or even moderately long ballots of effort, we need to ask which of those things, nerve, muscle, blood, heart, and Lungs is limiting or put differently? We ask, what should we be doing with our Neurons? What should we be doing with our muscles? What should we be doing with our blood?


What should we be doing with our heart? And what should we be doing with our Lungs that's going to allow us to Build Endurance for mental and physical work and to be able to go longer further with more intensity?


I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our Sponsor AG one. AG one is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that also contains adaptogens. I started taking AG one way back in 2012, long before I even knew what a podcast was, I started taking it, and I still take it every single day because it ensures that I meet my quota for daily vitamins and minerals, and it helps make sure that I get enough prebiotics and probiotics to support my gut health. Over the past 10 years, gut health has emerged as something that we realize is important, not only for the health of our digestion, but also for our immune system, and for the production of neurotransmitters and neuromodulators things like dopamine and serotonin. In other words, gut health is critical for proper brain function. Now, of course, I strive to eat healthy whole foods from unprocessed sources for the majority of my nutritional intake, but there are a number of things in AG one, including specific micronutrients that are hard or impossible to get from Whole Foods. So by taking a G one daily, I get the vitamins and minerals that I need, along with the probiotics and prebiotics for gut health, and in turn, brain and immune system health, and the adaptogens and critical micronutrients that are essential for all organs and tissues of the body. So anytime somebody asks me if they were to only take one supplement, what that supplement should be, I always say AG one, because AG one supports so many different systems in the brain and body that relate to our mental health, physical health and performance. If you'd like to try AG one, you can go to drink AG one.com/huberman for this month only. April, 2025, AG one is giving away a free one month supply of Omega-3 fish oil, along with a bottle of vitamin D three plus K two. As I've highlighted before in this podcast, Omega-3 fish oil and vitamin D three plus K two have been shown to help with everything from mood and brain health to heart health and healthy hormone production and much more. Again, that's drink AG one.com/huberman to get the free one month supply of Omega-3 fish oil, plus a bottle of vitamin D three plus K two with your subscription.


So let's talk about the four kinds of endurance and how to achieve those. So first of all, we have Muscular Endurance. Muscular Endurance is the ability for our muscles to perform work over time, and our failure to continue to be able to perform that work is going to be due to muscular fatigue, not to cardiovascular fatigue. So not because we're breathing too hard or we can't get enough blood to the muscles, or because we quit mentally, but because the muscles themselves give out. Okay? One good example of this would be if you had to pick up a stone in the yard and that stone is not extremely heavy for you, and you needed to do that anywhere from 50 to a hundred times and you were picking it up and putting it down and picking it up and putting it down and picking up and putting it down, at some point your muscles will fatigue.


Muscular Endurance is going to be something that you can perform for anywhere from 12 to 25 or even up to a hundred repetitions. So a good example is pushups. It's actually no coincidence that a lot of military bootcamp style training is not done with weights. It's done with things like pushups, pull-ups, sit-ups and running, because what they're really building is Muscular Endurance. The ability to perform work repeatedly over time for a given set of muscles and Neurons. So a really good Muscular Endurance training Protocol, according to the scientific literature, would be three to five sets of anywhere from 12 to 100 repetitions.


That's a huge range. Now, 12 to 25 repetitions is going to be more reasonable for most people, and the rest periods are going to be anywhere from 30 to 180 seconds of rest. So anywhere from half a minute to three minutes of rest. The one critical feature of building Muscular Endurance is that it has no major centric loading component. I haven't talked much about eccentric and concentric loading, but concentric loading is when you are shortening the muscle typically, or lifting a weight. And eccentric movements are when you are lengthening a muscle typically or lowering a weight.


So if you do a pull up and you get your chin over the bar or a chin up, that's the concentric portion of the effort. And then as you lower yourself, that's the eccentric portion, eccentric portion of resistance training of any kind, whether or not it's for endurance or for strength is one of the major causes of soreness. Some people will be more susceptible to of this, to, to this, excuse me, than others, but it does create more damage in muscle fibers. Muscular Endurance and building Muscular Endurance should not include any movements that include major eccentric loads. So if you're going to do pushups, it doesn't mean that you want to drop, you know, smash your chest into the floor, and by the way, your chest should touch the ground on every pushup.


That's a real pushup. It's about pushing down till your chest touch the floor and straightening out. That's a proper pushup. And a pull up is where you pull your chin above the bar. Neither of those should include a slow, eccentric or lowering component. If you are using those to train Muscular Endurance, the three to five sets of 12 to 25, and maybe even up to a hundred repetitions with 30 to 180 seconds of rest in between. But if you want to build Muscular Endurance, you wanna make your muscles able to do more work for longer. It's going to be this three to five sets of 12 to a hundred reps, 30 to 180 seconds of mainly concentric movement, okay?


Not a slow lowering phase or a heavy lowering phase. So that might be kettlebell swings and things of that sort. Isometrics, as I mentioned, things like plank and wall sits will work. Now, what's interesting about this is that it doesn't seem at all like what people normally think of as endurance, and yet it's been shown in nice quality peer reviewed studies that Muscular Endurance can improve our ability to engage in long bouts of what we call long duration, low intensity endurance work. So this can support long runs, it can support long swims, and it can build also, it can build postural strength and endurance simultaneously.


So now let's talk about the science briefly of why this works. Well, that takes us back to this issue of fuel utilization and what fails. So if we were to say, okay, let's say you do a plank and you're planking for, you know, maybe you're able to plank for a minute or two minutes or three minutes, at some point you will fail. You're not gonna fail because the heart gives out. You're not going to fail because you can't get enough Oxygen because you can breathe while you're doing that. You're going to fail because of local muscular failure, which means that as you do, if you choose to do this Protocol of three to five sets, et cetera, et cetera, to build Muscular Endurance, mainly what you are going to be building is you're going to be building the ability of your Mitochondria to use Oxygen to generate energy locally, and that it's something called mitochondrial respiration.


Respiration because of the the involvement of Oxygen. And it's also going to be increasing the extent to which the Neurons control the muscles and provide a stimulus for the muscles to contract. But this is independent of power and strength, okay? So even though the the low sets like three to five sets, and the fact that you're doing repetitions and you're going to failure, even though it seems to resemble power and strength and hypertrophy type training, it is distinctly different. It's not going to generate strength hypertrophy and power. It's going to mainly create this ability to endure, to continually contract muscles or repeatedly contract muscles, okay?


Continually, if you're using isometric holds repeatedly, repeatedly, excuse me, if you're using repetition type exercise where there's a, a contraction and an extension of the muscle, essentially con concentric and an eccentric portion. But remember that you want the eccentric portion to be light and relatively fast, not so fast that you injure yourself, but certainly not deliberately slowed down.


I'd like to take a quick break and thank one of our Sponsors. Element, element is an electrolyte drink that has everything you need and nothing you don't. That means the Electrolytes, sodium, magnesium, and potassium in the correct ratios, but no sugar. We should all know that proper Hydration is critical for optimal brain and body function. In fact, even a slight degree of dehydration can diminish your cognitive and physical performance to a considerable degree. It's also important that you're not just hydrated, but that you get adequate amounts of Electrolytes in the right ratios. Drinking a packet of element dissolved in water makes it very easy to ensure that you're getting adequate amounts of Hydration and Electrolytes. To make sure that I'm getting proper amounts of both, I dissolve one packet of element in about 16 to 32 ounces of water when I wake up in the morning, and I drink that basically first thing in the morning. I'll also drink a packet of element dissolved in water during any kind of physical exercise that I'm doing, especially on hot days when I'm sweating a lot and losing water and Electrolytes. There are a bunch of different great tasting flavors of element. I like the watermelon, I like the raspberry, I like the citrus, basically. I like all of them. If you'd like to try Element, you can go to drink element.com/huberman to claim an element sample pack with the purchase of any element drink mix. Again, that's drink element spelled LMNT, so it's drink element.com/huberman to claim a free sample pack.


Today's episode is also brought to us by Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep Makes Smart Mattress covers with cooling, heating and sleep tracking capacity. Now, I've spoken before on this podcast about the critical need for us to get adequate amounts of quality sleep each and every night. Now, one of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to ensure that the temperature of your sleeping environment is correct. And that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep, your body temperature actually has to drop about one to three degrees. And in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized, your body temperature actually has to increase by about one to three degrees. Eight Sleep automatically regulates the temperature of your bed throughout the night according to your unique needs. Now, I find that extremely useful because I like to make the bed really cool at the beginning of the night, even colder in the middle of the night and warm as I wake up. That's what gives me the most slow wave sleep and rapid eye movement sleep. And I know that because Eight Sleep has a great sleep tracker that tells me how well I've slept and the types of sleep that I'm getting throughout the night. I've been sleeping on an Eight Sleep mattress cover for four years now, and it has completely transformed and improved the quality of my sleep. Their latest model. The POD four Ultra also has snoring detection that will automatically lift your head a few degrees in order to improve your airflow and stop you from snoring. If you decide to try Eight Sleep, you have 30 days to try it at home, and you can return it if you don't like it, no questions asked, but I'm sure that you'll love it. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman to save up to $350 off your pod four Ultra Eight Sleep ships to many countries worldwide, including Mexico and the uae. Again, that's Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman to save up to $350 off your POD four Ultra.


So now let's talk about the other extreme of endurance, which is long Duration Endurance. This is the type that people typically think about when they think about endurance. You're talking about a long run, a long swim, a long bike ride. Well, how long will, anywhere from 12 minutes to several hours or maybe even an entire day, maybe eight or nine hours of hiking or running or biking, some people are actually doing those kinds of really long events marathons, for instance. You're getting into regular repeated effort, and your ability to continue that effort is going to be dependent mainly on the efficiency of the movement, on your ability to strike a balance between the, the movement itself, the generation of the muscular movements that are required, and fuel utilization across the different sources of nerve, muscle, blood, heart, and Lungs.


So let's ask the question, why would you fail on a long run? Why would you quit? Well, your mind is going to use more or less energy depending on how much Willpower, how much of a fight you have to get into with yourself in order to generate the effort. I really want underscore this Willpower in part is the ability to devote resources to things. And part of that is making decisions to just either do it or not do it. I'm not of the just do it mindset. I think there's a right time and a place to train, but I also think that it is not good. In other words, it utilizes excessive resources to churn over decisions excessively, and you probably burn as much cognitive energy deciding about whether or not to to do a given training or not as you do in the actual training, when you go out for a run that's 30 minutes, you are building the capacity to repeat that performance the next time while being more efficient, actually burning less fuel.


And that might seem a little bit counterintuitive, but every time you do that run, what you're doing is you're building up mitochondrial density. It's not so much about mitochondrial oxidation and respiration. You're building up mitochondrial density. You're actually increasing the amount of ATP that you can create for a given bout of effort. You are becoming more efficient, okay? You're burning less fuel overall, doing the same thing. That's really what these long, slow distance or long bouts of effort are really all about. Now, why do this long duration effort? Why would you want to do it? Why is it good for you? Well, it does something very important, which is that it builds the capillary beds within muscles.


So these are tiny little avenues like little tiny streams and estuaries between the bigger arteries and veins. You can literally build new Capillaries, you can create new little streams within your muscles. And the type of long duration effort that I was talking about before, 12 minutes or more of steady effort is very useful for doing that and is very useful in for increasing the Mitochondria, the energy producing elements of the cells, the actual muscle cells. And the reason is when blood arrives to muscles, it has Oxygen, the muscles are gonna use some of that Oxygen, and then some of the deoxygenated blood is going to be sent back to the heart and to the Lungs.


Now, the more Capillaries that you build in into those muscles, the more Oxygen available to those muscles. So this long duration work, unlike Muscular Endurance like planks and everything that we were talking about before, is really about building the capillary systems and the Mitochondria, the energy utilization systems within the muscles themselves. And then there are two kinds in between that in recent years have gotten a lot of attention and excitement, sometimes called high Intensity Interval Training. One is anaerobic, so-called Anaerobic Endurance, so no Oxygen. And the other is aerobic endurance, both of which qualify as HIIT high Intensity Interval Training.


So let's talk about Anaerobic Endurance First. Anaerobic Endurance from a Protocol perspective is going to be three to 12 sets, okay? And these are going to be performed at whatever speed allows you to complete the work in good safe form. Okay? So it could be fast, it could be slow. As the work continues, your repetitions may slow down or it may speed up. Chances are it's gonna slow down. So what does this work? What do these sets look like? Remember, long, slow distance is one set. Muscular Endurance is three to five sets. High intensity Anaerobic Endurance is going to be somewhere between three and 12 sets, and it's going to have a ratio of work to rest of anywhere from three to one to one to five.


Okay? So what would a three to one ratio set look like? Well, it's going to be 30 seconds of hard pedaling on the bike, for instance, or running or on the rower. These are just examples. It could be in the pool swimming, it could be any number of things or air squats or you know, or weighted squats, if you will. Provided you can manage that 30 seconds on, 10 seconds off, that's a very brief rest. So three to one is just a good example would be 30 seconds on 10 seconds off. The opposite extreme on that ratio would be one to five. So 20 seconds on, a hundred seconds off. So you do the work for 20 seconds, then you rest a hundred seconds.


So let's just take a look at the three to one ratio. So in the three to one ratio, if you're going to do 30 seconds of hard pedaling on a bike, followed by 10 seconds, so maybe one of these, what they call assault bikes, and then you stop for 10 seconds and then repeat. Chances are you will be able to do 1, 2, 3, 4, maybe even as many as 12 sets if you're really in good condition that you'll be able to do all those. Because pedaling on the bike doesn't require a ton of skill, and if you do it incorrectly, if your elbow flares out a little bit or something, it's very unlikely that you'll get injured unless it's really extreme. Okay? But the same movement done, for instance with kettlebells.


So 30 seconds on, 10 seconds off the first set will probably be in good form. The second one will be in pretty good form. But let's say you're getting to the fifth and sixth set and you're going 30 seconds on 10 seconds off, chances are the quality of your repetitions will degrade significantly, and you increase the probability that you're going to get injured if quality of form is important. So maybe this is using weights, maybe you're doing squats, you're gonna do 20 seconds on and a hundred seconds of rest. What you'll find is that the longer rest, even though it's 20 seconds of intense effort, followed by a longer rest of about a hundred seconds, will allow you to perform more quality repetitions safely over time. So it might be three sets of 20 seconds of hard effort followed by a hundred seconds rest.


Then you repeat 20 seconds of hard effort, a hundred seconds rest, 20 seconds of effort, hard a hundred seconds rest. And you might do that twice a week. In doing that, you will build up what we call Anaerobic Endurance. Anaerobic Endurance is going to be taking your system into greater than 100% of your VO two max. It's going to be taking your heart rate up very high, and it's going to maximize your Oxygen utilization systems. That is going to have effects that are going to lead to fatigue at some point in the workout. And that fatigue will trigger an adaptation. So let's ask what adaptation it's triggering.


Well, it's triggering both mitochondrial respiration, the ability of your Mitochondria to generate more energy by using more Oxygen, because you're bringing so much, you're maxing out, literally, you're getting above your VO two max, you're hitting that threshold of how much Oxygen you can use in your system. One of the Adaptations will be that your Mitochondria will shift such that they can use more Oxygen, and you're going to also increase the capillary beds, but not as much as you're going to be able to increase the amount of neuron engagement of muscle. So normally when we start to hit fatigue, when we're exhausted, when we're breathing really hard because the systems of the body are linked, and we, there's a mental component to this as well, a kind of motivational component after that third or fourth or sixth set of, you know, 20 seconds on, a hundred seconds off, or if you're at the other extreme, 30 seconds on and 10 seconds off, there's going to be a component of you want to stop and by pushing through and repeating another set safely, of course what you're doing is you are training the Neurons to be able to access more energy, literally convert that into ATP and for the muscles, therefore to access more energy and ATP.


And the adaptation is in the mitochondria's ability to use Oxygen. And this has tremendous carryover effects for other types of exercise. This can be beneficial in competitive sports or team sports where there's a sprinting component where the field opens up and you need to dribble the ball down the field, for instance, and shoot on goal, or where you're playing tennis and it's a long rally, and then all of a sudden somebody really starts, you know, putting you back on your heels and you have to really make the maximum amount of effort to run to the net and to get the ball across the net, things of that sort. Okay? There are a variety of places where there's carryover from this type of training, but it does support endurance. It's about muscle endurance, it's about these muscles ability to generate a lot of force in the short term, but repeatedly, okay?


So that's the way to conceptualize this. And it is different than maximum power, even though it feels like maximum effort. It is not the same as building power and speed into muscles. Those are distinctly different protocols. So the key elements again, are that you're bringing your breathing and your Oxygen utilization way up above your max. It's not quite hitting failure, but you're really pushing the system to the point where you are not ready to do another set, and yet you begin another set. You're not necessarily psychologically ready. I wanna make sure I touch on the fourth Protocol, which is high intensity aerobic conditioning. So hit has these two forms, anaerobic and aerobic.


And you just heard about anaerobic. High intensity aerobic conditioning also involves about three to 12 sets. A one-to-one ratio is powerful for building on average. Most of the energy systems involving, remember we had these nerve, muscle, blood, heart, and Lungs. A one-to-one ratio might be you run a mile and however long that takes, you might run first mile is let's say seven minutes, then you rest for seven minutes, then you run a mile again, and it might take eight minutes and you rest for eight minutes, and you continue that for a total of four miles of work, four miles of running work, I should say.


You can build this up. Many people find that using this type of training allows them to do things like go run half marathons and marathons, even though prior to the race state, they've never actually run a half marathon or marathon. Now that might seem incredible. It's like how could it be that running a mile on and then and then resting for running a mile and then resting for an equivalent amount of time, running a mile, resting for equivalent amount of time for seven miles allows you to run continuously for 13 miles or for 26 miles. It improves ATP and mitochondrial function in muscle. It allows the blood to deliver more Oxygen to the muscle and to your brain, and it allows your heart to deliver more Oxygen overall, and it builds a tremendous lung capacity.


So what would this look like, and when should you do this? Well, it's really a question for these workouts of asking how much work can one do in eight to 12 minutes, right? And then rest, and then repeat. How much work can you do for eight to 12 minutes, then rest and then repeat. And how many times should you do this? Well, this is the sort of thing, it's pretty intense. And so you would probably only want to do this two, maybe three times a week if you're not doing many other things. So we have four kinds of endurance, Muscular Endurance, we have long Duration Endurance, we have high Intensity Interval Training of two kinds, anaerobic and aerobic. And this last type, the aerobic one works best it seems if you kind of do this one-to-one ratio.


So how would you use these and what are they actually doing? Let's talk about the heart and the Lungs and Oxygen, because that's something that we can all benefit from. Understanding the brain and the heart are probably the two most important systems that you need to take care of in your life. Maintaining or enhancing a brain function and cardiovascular function, it's absolutely clear, are key for health and longevity in the short and long term. And the sorts of training I talked about today has been shown again and again and again to be very useful for enhancing the strength of the mind. Yes, I'll talk about that as well as the health of the brain and the body.


I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our Sponsors function. I recently became a function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach approach to lab testing. While I've long been a fan of blood testing, I really wanted to find a more in-depth program for analyzing my blood, urine, and saliva to get a fuller picture of my heart health, my hormone status, my immune regulation status, my metabolic function, my vitamin and mineral status, and other critical areas of my overall health and vitality function. Not only provides testing of over 100 biomarkers key to physical and mental health, but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from top doctors. For example, in one of my first tests with function, I learned that I had an elevated level of mercury in my blood function. Not only helped me detect that, but also offered insights on how to best reduce my mercury levels, which included limiting my tuna consumption. And frankly, I had been eating a lot of tuna at that time while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens and supplementing with NAC and acetylcysteine, both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification. And by the way, it worked. My mercury levels are now well within healthy range. Comprehensive lab testing like that is super important for health because basically a lot of things are going on in our blood and elsewhere in our body that we can't detect without a quality blood and urine test. And while I've strived to get those tests for many years, it's always been overly complicated and frankly, quite expensive function dramatically simplifies all of it and makes it very affordable. I've been so impressed by function that I decided to join their scientific advisory board, and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring this podcast. If you'd like to try function, you can go to Function Health dot com slash huberman for this week only. April 14th to April 20th, 2025 function is offering a $100 credit to the first 1000 people to sign up for a function membership. To get this $100 credit, use the code HUBERMAN 100 at checkout, visit Function Health dot com slash huberman to learn more and get started.


So let's talk about the sorts of Adaptations that are happening in your brain and body that are so beneficial in these different forms of training. If you are breathing hard and your heart is beating hard, so this would be certainly in the high intensity anaerobic and aerobic conditioning 'cause you're getting up near your VO O2 max in high intensity aerobic conditioning and you're exceeding your VO O2 max in high intensity anaerobic conditioning. What's going to happen is, as of course, your he beats faster, your blood is going to be circulating faster. In principle, Oxygen utilization in muscles is going to go up and over time, not long.


Very quickly what will happen when those capillary beds start to expand. In addition, because of the amount of blood that's being returned to the heart, when you engage in these really intense bouts of effort, repeatedly the amount of blood being returned to the heart actually causes an eccentric loading of one of the muscular walls of the heart. So your heart is muscle, it's cardiac muscle. We have skeletal muscle attached to our bones, and we have cardiac muscle, which is our heart. When more blood is being returned to the heart because of the additional work that your muscles and nerves are doing, it actually has the effect of creating an eccentric loading, a kind of pushing of the wall.


The left WI realize I'm not using the the strict anatomy here, but I don't wanna get into all the features of the structural features of the heart. But the left ventricle essentially getting slammed back and then having to push back and a kind of eccentric loading of the cardiac muscle and the muscle thickens as more blood is returned to the heart, there's an adaptation where the heart muscle actually gets stronger and therefore can pump more blood per stroke per beat. And as it does that, it delivers because blood cont contains Glucose and Oxygen and other things, it delivers more fuel to your muscles, which allows you to do yet more work per unit time.


If you do this high intensity type training where your heart is beating very hard, so maybe the one-to-one ratio mile run repeats that I described a minute ago, pretty soon the stroke volume of your heart will really increase, and as a consequence, you can deliver more fuel to your muscles and to your brain, your cognitive functioning will improve. This has been shown again and again because there's an increase in vasculature, literally capillary beds within the brain, the hippocampus areas that support memory, but also areas of the brain that support respiration, that support focus, that support effort. Now, weight training does have some positive effects on brain function also.


However, it's very clear, and you should now understand intuitively why the kind of standard strength and hypertrophy type workouts are not going to activate the blood oxygenation and the stroke volume increases for the heart that the sorts of training I'm talking about today will, it just doesn't have the same positive effects. The other thing that's really important to think about in terms of endurance type work is Hydration. And I think Hydration is important for all forms of physical work and exercise, not just endurance. Typically, we're going to lose anywhere from one to five pounds of water per hour of exercise. And that's going to vary tremendously. It's going to vary on weather, it's going to vary on intensity, probably more like five pounds if it's hot day and you're exercising very intensely.


So if you think about your weight in pounds, once you lose about one to 4% of your body weight in water, you are going to experience about a 20 to 30% reduction in work capacity, in your ability to generate effort of any kind, strength, endurance, et cetera. You are also going to experience a significant drop in your ability to think and perform mental operations. So Hydration is key. Potassium, sodium and magnesium are really key. Yes, it's true. You can die from drinking too much water In particular because it forces you. If you drink too much water, you'll excrete too many Electrolytes and your brain will shut off.


You'll actually, your heart will stop functioning properly. So you don't want to overconsume water to the extreme either a simple formula, what I call the Galpin Equation, which is your body weight in pounds divided by the number 30, and that is how many ounces you should drink for every 15 minutes of exercise. Now, if you are sweating a lot, you may need more. If you're already very well hydrated, you may need less. But that's a good rule of thumb to begin and to start to understand the relationship between Hydration and performance. We didn't talk about Supplements much today. In the previous episodes I talked about the phospho creatine system and supplementing with creatine. Talked about beta alanine for kind of moderate duration work.


You know, really the only things that have been shown to really improve endurance work across the four varieties of endurance work I described today that they have essentially two forms. One are Stimulants, so things like caffeine will definitely improve endurance work and power output. Certain forms of magnesium, In particular Magnesium Malate, M-A-L-A-T-E, have been shown to be useful for removing or reducing the amount of delayed onset muscle soreness. That form of magnesium is distinctly different than the sorts of magnesium that are good for getting us into sleep. Things like magnesium three eight. And by glycinate in general, we focused mainly today on behavioral tools.


And I hope I was able to illustrate for you that endurance isn't just one thing. It's not just the ability to go for long bouts of exercise of different kinds, that there's also this mental component because of the way that Neurons work. And also that there are these different forms of endurance, of Muscular Endurance that where you're gonna fail 'cause of the muscles and muscle energy utilization, and the nerves that innervate those muscles locally, not because of a failure to bring in Oxygen or blood, whereas long duration effort, it's gonna be more about, you know, being below your VO two max and your ability to be efficient for long bouts of more than 12 minutes of exercise. One set, as they say, of 12 minutes to maybe several hours, high intensity training will tap into yet other fuel sources and mechanisms as we learn today.


And last but not least, thank you for your interest in science.