
Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast where we discuss science and science based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Pavo Satin. Pavo Satin is considered one of the premier Strength Training and fitness coaches in the world. He has pioneered the development of various programs to improve strength, which he calls the mother of all fitness. Indeed. Today you will learn about strength as a practice, as a skill that can be applied to sports, that can be applied to general fitness, to getting leaner, to getting faster, and to improving your endurance as LAN explains by building one's strength through body weight exercises, free weight exercises, and occasionally machines one can develop incredible levels of fitness at any age.


We discuss some of the spectacular examples of people in their seventies and eighties performing strength fess, like a hundred pullups per week. And we emphasize that one does not have to be seeking Hypertrophy. One does not have to be seeking getting larger muscles in order to get exceptionally strong. I myself, these days am focusing primarily on trying to get stronger and build endurance for sake of health and for general life reasons. And because getting really strong turns out to be very beneficial in every aspect of life. Today you're going to learn how to get extremely strong. You can add muscle If you want, in parallel with that, or as Paat Sulin explains, you can pursue strength and flexibility for their own sake and there's tremendous value for doing so.


So today's discussion pertains to women, to men, and frankly to people of all ages. I do think that pursuing strength as its own thing, independent of Muscle Growth, right, which we hear so much about these days. Everyone wants Hypertrophy, grow muscle, this and that. Pursuing strength as its own thing is a tremendously valuable endeavor. Today you're going to learn how from the world's premier expert in this topic, you're in for a very special episode with Paat Sulan. He's truly in a class all his own when it comes to fitness and Strength Training. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that This podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public.


In keeping with that theme, this episode does include Sponsors. And now for my discussion with Paval Lan, Pavo t welcome Andrew, Pleasure to be on your podcast, respect your work a lot. Thank you. Likewise. Thank you. I will say that you and perhaps one other person have truly changed the way that I think about fitness, the way that I train. And I'm super excited to talk to you today. So I'm withholding excitement. There are a bunch of different ways to think about this thing that we call fitness strength, endurance, Hypertrophy, and there's so much information out there. Now, how do you conceptualize fitness?


Meaning, do you look at things through the lens of are we focused on Nervous System bone, connective tissue, or muscle? Do you look at things through the lens of anterior chain, posterior chain Hypertrophy strength? I would just like to get your sort of high level conceptualization of this thing that we call fitness with the idea in mind that most people would like to have some level of endurance, some level of strength, and feel healthy and presumably look however they want to look. But let's set aesthetics aside for the moment. How do you think about this thing we call fitness? Well, first of all, Andrew is strength is the mother, mother quality of all the other qualities. So this is, again, it's a statement by Professor Mat going way back, and without a foundation of strength, you cannot build anything.


So any athletic event requires a base of strength. Of course, that shot putters gonna need much more strength than triathlon, triathlon athlete, but they all need strength. Speaking of which, in triathlon, in marathon, running, in distance, in cycling is been proven that putting athletes on a heavy low repetition, strength regimen, the kind that doesn't really add muscle, but just makes you stronger neurologically and it makes 'em race faster. So once you're stronger, everything becomes easier. How much stronger you need to get, that will vary.


In the Soviet Union, they had something called the Model Athlete. So they figured out that for every particular event, your odds of succeeding are gonna be much higher if you're able to, you know, squat this much or bench this much and jump this high and so on and so forth. And this is easy enough to find these numbers for your individual sport and talk to various coaches. For people who are not competitive athletes, you just want to enjoy life. You just need to think about having a reserve of strength for whatever it is that you might do. So look at some PT standards and let's say in the military or in law enforcement, and possibly apply them to yourself.


I don't want to impose my set of standards because there are many different, like I might prefer, you know, pull-ups and X and Y and Z, but if we're looking at strength as the foundation for general physical preparation, right? So there's such a thing as general strength preparation that's part of that. There's also, you know, special strengths, which is sports specific work that's different and there are different ways of getting this done. But as you and I know that certain exercises are going to have a great carryover outside these particular exercises. So as long as your mobile, as long as you're symmetrical and those are the things you have to address first you need to look into work of great cook for example.


Then strength has to be your priority. Once you have reached a certain level of strength that's appropriate for your sport or appropriate for your lifestyle, at that point you can just maintain it and focus on other qualities. So I will give you an example. Soviet scientists research icing, they ob, they measured a number of athletes in 20 different sports athletes of different levels. So they evaluated various quality. One was absolute strength and there was rate of force development, pretty much power. And the third was, is the rate of muscular relaxation.


So how quickly the muscle can relax after contraction, which is very, very important. And they have found that strength grew just very little from the intermediate level to the advanced level. There's not a lot of improvement. Power increased a little bit more, but the speed of relaxation is just, just shut up as the athlete be became more advanced. So it's again, so strength, it is the mother vocal qualities, but that's not the end all for everybody. So reach the level that is appropriate for your sport or activity, then just maintain it efficiently and focus on something else. If we talk about strength, if we talk about other qualities, well we'll get to them later.


What movements do you believe if they exist? All people should include in their weekly routine someplace when thinking about how to develop, perhaps maintain, but for most people it's going to be the goal of still achieving some strength. Okay, strength increase, excuse me, I think there has to be a very low quantity of exercises, just very few exercises you wanna focus on. And I'm gonna give you some options to choose from. So what we try to do a strong first in my company, in my school of strength is we try to provide people with various simple, very low tech, high concept ways of addressing, reaching their needs. Because for one reason or another for this individual, the barbell is the preferred tool for another, it's the kettlebell or body weight or some or something else.


So I'm not going to say that If you don't do kettlebell Swings or barbell squats, you'll never amount to anything that's just not true. But you can pick some, you can pick some events. So you definitely ought to do something for a posterior chain. You absolutely do. If we are looking at, at the barbell, I would start out with the narrow sumo deadlift. So this is narrow grip, but Not narrow grip, pardon me. But your stance is just wide enough to let your arms through your arms stay parallel to each other. And so you just find a very comfortable stance for yourself. So Professor McGill has been in your podcast, he explained to you about the, you know, different hip architecture and so on.


So you have to find whatever works, whatever works for you. And when people talk about functional Strength Training and then they start standing on a ball and jugular oranges doesn't make a lot of sense to me because that doesn't look like my life or yours probably, right? But If you have to get a heavy bag of groceries or something, you got a deadlift and the narrow sumo deadlift. So If you look at powerlifters, an example would be, classic example would be at cone, that's a narrow stent. Sumo, I'm not talking about wide sumo, that's a very sports specific event. And you practice that first you learn how to hip hinge. It's extremely important to learn how to hip hinge again, steward stress that how important it's for your back health and for your Longevity.


So you learn to do that. Then whether you decide to pursue deadlift or not, If you decide not to pursue high numbers in the deadlift, maybe it's not appropriate for you or maybe you, like in the coaching, fantastic exercise for everybody is a Zercher Squat. So in the Zercher Squat, you hold the bar like this in the crs of your elbows. So it's resting right here. It's possible to pick it up off the ground, but it's, you know, it's, it's an advanced skill that's, it's an advanced skill better just to walk it off the rack, the advantage of the Zercher Squat over, let's say the back squat or the front squat is even If you have messed up shoulders, wrists, elbows, you still can do that.


Coaching the Zercher Squat is very easy, very simple, and you have tremendous reflexive stabilization of your midsection. It's just very, very powerful. So you acquire that skill of getting tight. So getting high numbers on that exercise when the zercher, so let's say an athlete could shoot for a double, double body weight, it, that's, that's a really good goal. And the bar for those listening, not watching sits right here is cradled in the, in the crux of the elbows, correct in front of the body. Are the arms crossed? You Can hold 'em like this, you could hold them like this or different ways of holding them. You definitely would want to get proper coaching. You don't want to, you know, you don't wanna bruise yourself. You wanna be comfortable, you wanna do it right.


But it's not, doesn't take a lot of skill to do that. You find some pressing exercise. And again, if we're sticking with the example of the barbell, the bench press has gotten bad reputation, you know, thanks to the Jim Bros and you know, old Jim Bros do the bench pretty much well these days they also check out their phones, I guess Every set between every set. The 11th rep, I joke, 11th rep people checking their phones, Yeah, there we go. Yeah. But If you look at athletes, they athletes who also do some lower body works and posterior chain, oh, chain work and something for the midsection. And again, Zercher squad could address that they're making a great use of the bench press.


So it's nothing, it's a very simple exercise. Well, not very simple. It's a relatively simple exercise. And unlike other pressing exercises, it allows you to make strength gains with very low volume of training. So you can do several sets of five once a week in the bench press and keep getting stronger. Good luck doing that in the overhead press when the one arm pushup or something like that. So those are just couple examples. There are many other examples you can do. Snatch grip deadlifts you can list is very, very long. We can address the same thing in the same way with kettlebells. You can look in the body weight exercises, but If you need to find several exercises that have a reputation for building strengths that reaches beyond the ability to do this exercise, If you just do curls, you know you're gonna do, you're gonna get better at curls, but not in much else.


So Canadian Canadian scientists back in the eighties did, did and his team made some interesting, some interesting discoveries. And again, they just found that doing something like extension is not gonna carry over to the squad. It's just not, the coordination is so radically different. So you find several exercises that you enjoy that don't hurt you, that you have the equipment available, that you got the proper coaching for, and you pretty much stick with 'em. And there is absolutely no reason for you to change these exercises. It's possible to change 'em on the margins, you know, from a wide grip bench press to narrow grip, bench press squats with a pause and so on and so forth.


But you don't really have to do a great variety of things. Variety, it's a good topic, we can discuss this later, but like looking at the example of weightlifting, as much as we can find many reasons why variety could be beneficial, improve neuroplasticity, reduced or reduced risk of repeat strain, injury and so on. But the so is the statistics in weightlifting, there's no correlation between number of exercises and the platform results. And for people outside the sports, it's gonna be the same. So find this limited, just limited battery of exercises that you can ex, you can do well, you can do pain-free and just enjoy them for years.


I'd like to take a quick break and thank our Sponsor Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep Makes Smart Mattress covers with cooling, heating and sleep tracking capacity. Now I've spoken before on this podcast about the critical need for us to get adequate amounts of quality sleep each night. Now one of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to ensure that the temperature of your sleeping environment is correct. And that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep, your body temperature actually has to drop by about one to three degrees. And in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized, your body temperature actually has to increase about one to three degrees. Eight Sleep makes it very easy to control the temperature of your sleeping environment by allowing you to program the temperature of your mattress cover at the beginning, middle, and end of the night. I've been sleeping on an Eight Sleep mattress cover for nearly four years now and it has completely transformed and improved the quality of my sleep. Eight Sleep recently launched their newest generation of the pod cover called the Pod four Ultra. The Pod four Ultra has improved cooling and heating capacity. I find that very useful because I like to make the bed really cool at the beginning of the night, even colder in the middle of the night and warm as I wake up. That's what gives me the most slow wave sleep and rapid eye movement sleep. It also has a snoring detection that will automatically lift your head a few degrees to improve your airflow and stop your snoring. If you'd like to try an Eight Sleep mattress cover, go to Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman to save up to $350 off their pod four Ultra Eight Sleep. Currently ships in the USA Canada UK select countries in the EU and Australia. Again, that's Eight Sleep dot com slash huberman.


Today's episode is also brought to us by Levels. Levels is a program that lets you see how different foods affect your health by giving you real time feedback on your diet using a continuous glucose monitor, one of the most important factors in both your short and long-term health is your body's ability to manage blood glucose or blood sugar to maintain energy and focus throughout the day. You want to keep your blood glucose steady without big spikes or crashes. I first started using levels about three years ago as a way to understand how different foods impacted my blood glucose levels and it's proven incredibly informative for determining my food choices when I eat specific foods and how I time eating relative to things like my workouts, both weight training and Cardiovascular Training, things like running and when to eat before I go to sleep to allow for the most stable blood sugar throughout the night. Indeed using Levels has helped shape my entire schedule. So if you're interested in learning more about levels and trying A CGM yourself, you can go to Levels Link slash huberman levels has just launched a new CGM sensor that is smaller and has even better tracking than before. Right now they're also offering an additional two free months of membership. Again, that's levels link spelled LINK slash huberman to try the new sensor in two free months of membership.


Would a combination across the week of some sort of squat, let's say the Zercher Squat a, perhaps a kettlebell swing or something else for posterior chain pull up and dip be a fair, fairly comprehensive program? Absolutely, yeah, I'm a fan of Dips, I like Dips a lot. I heard you say that you were some years ago you said that you were using Dips for economy of time and I started getting into Dips. I haven't quite figured out the best way to load Dips once because once you get past 1520 repetitions of the body weight dip, it gets I it turns into something else. Sure. Absolutely Turns into aerobic exercise.


Perhaps not. Well Luke AM's, he was a power lifter from the golden age of American power lifting. He says anything over six reps, his Bodybuilding. Yeah, I'm trying to stay in the lower rep range today. I'll talk about this with you more because I think a growing number of people, both men and women who are starting to do weight training or really incorporate Strength Training into their program are seeking a combination of strength and perhaps endurance as well. Sure. Without putting on too much size, maybe size and some select body parts. Sure. Well Andrew, I think they need to do possibly several different types of types of training. But going, going back to your examples, Dips are fantastic If you can, if your shoulders can handle them, If you know how to do them, it's a great exercise but not particularly democratic, that's the problem.


So either you can do it safely or you can't, and possibly it's possible to coach some people to do, to do the dip. So if you're coaching somebody to do the dip, the first prerequisite is to build up to a full skin the cat. So it means you're hanging upside down, you know, look up what it means folks on a bar. So you gotta be able to get yourself in that position. So if you're able to do that and if you're able to go get out of the position, you know strongly and confidently, there's a good chance that you can start up and doing Dips and be coached into that. If you can't, probably not. So either try to build up to that unless there are medical restrictions or not. You mentioned the example of pull-ups. Absolutely. Pull-ups are one of the best general strength exercises.


And again, to your listeners, general versus special. Special in Soviet termin is immune sports specific. So the carry over, when you start doing pull-ups, when you excel at pull-ups or the Dips, you are going to get a carry over so far beyond this exercise, which is exactly the reason you do that. So I like your choices very much. Yeah. What about specialized training for Grip Strength? I, I believe that if somebody's large, if they can squat 500 pounds, if they can deadlift 600 pounds, I don't really care if the question is can you open the pickle jar? Sure, this is a critical test, I just get my wife to do it.


So it's Grip Strength is extremely important and you being a neuroscientist, you know the disproportionate representation and what a cortex of your gripping muscles and the forearm and everything. So, and there is another reason why grip is so important. So If you make a fist, If you make a very tight fist, you're going to feel, you're going to feel the overflow of tension irradiation go into other muscles. So pretty much by gripping tighter, you are instantly increasing your strength in anything that you do. And so a very simple example for your listeners, take some pedestrian exercise like curls and do as many strict traps as you possibly can the way you normally do them.


And then start just crushing that bar or that dumbbell or whatever that you're curling, you will immediately be able to knock out several more reps. So that makes you so much stronger. And again, the value of a strong wrist and grip is obviously very important for whatever reason, obviously it correlates with Longevity. We don't know why. We have no idea, correlation is not causation. So we don't know whether getting stronger, a stronger grip is gonna make us live longer, but statistically it's worth a try. Right? So one can either find exercises that train the grip in the context of developing something else or train the grip directly. So either way is, is great.


So the first examples would be climbing the rope or doing pull-ups and weighted pull-ups on a rope. That's a great way to train obviously. So what you do, the way you program it is, let's say once a week you climb the rope and a couple days a week you do pull-ups. That's a good way to go about it. And you don't need to do anything else. And another example would be some exercises like the kettlebell snatch. When you start snatching a heavy kettlebell and you drop it from overhead, that eccentric loading is is very, very powerful and that develops grip very, very well. And again, right now we're talking more about what, what people in the grip world called the crushing grip.


You know, how you squeeze something, there are other types of grip that they differentiated, but this type of crushing grip is what's going to help most athletes and non-athletes the most. And I will also warn you that hanging on the bar and doing farmer's caries beneficial as they are for many reasons, it's not going to do that much for it. Hmm, interesting. I started incorporating farmer's caries thinking it was going to improve my grip, but they're Healthy. If you look at McGill's work, you will, he, he will tell you that carrying two heavy objects, it's going to really pound your spine.


And, but on the other hand, asymetrical carry it appears to be very beneficial. Then there's another interesting example. Now right now I'm not talking about grip training at all, not even talking about Strength Training, but I'm talking about sort of a former run. Dr. Mike Privot, who used to work with the US Marine Corps Navy, he developed this very interesting protocol on a test he called the kettlebell mile, where you take a kettle belt that's approximately 30% of your body weight and he, he has good reasons worldwide has to be that way. And you pretty much run with this kettlebell and you switch hands as much as often as you want. And it's a fantastic way to improve your running posture, to develop very stabilizing muscles and to improve your ability to rock.


But it doesn't beat you up as much rocking does, you know, rocking, carrying heavy weight that's, it's rough on the body. It, it's a fantastic way, it's a fantastic way to, to train your endurance an additional way. How heavy is the kettlebell that You, 30%, because he says when you start going heavier, it's going to affect your gait. So you're not really, you know, you have to, you have to kick your hip over to the side. It becomes, it becomes something else That's a heavy kettlebell. It's 30% of your body weight. Yeah, I mean I'm 210 pounds. It's not, not trivial. Well it's Probably something like to 62 pounds or something like that. 70 pound kettlebell. It's not, no, no, no. It's not trivial by any means, but it's also not something you jump into immediately.


And also what's very cool is because you get to switch hands very often, you are not destroying your QL and other stabilizers that are contracting isometrically. And so what we're doing right now here is kind of form of Anti glycolytic training. If you can muscle contracts briefly and then relaxes, contracts relaxes with, and the contraction cycles are really short, you are able to avoid lysis. You are able to keep that muscle working IRO because for a long time and not beat yourself down. So to listeners who'd like to try it, start by walking with a kettlebell pass, you know, switch hands off and then eventually build up to running and obviously build up gradually Held like a suitcase.


Yes. Only, only like a suitcase. Okay. Yeah, there's a podcast led by a guy named Cam Haynes. He's a bow hunter. He's one of the people that really brought extreme fitness and ultras to the sport of bow hunting and is legendary there. And for his podcast he has, you carry the 72 pound rock up a, it's about a thousand feet of elevation in the Oregon wilderness. And I've done it, it's, it's hard because of the shape of the thing. And so you're moving it from shoulder to, to, you know, to football carry to, you know, infant carry and you're not talking about that. You're talking about suitcase on the right. Correct, correct. Are you trying to crush the grip while you're doing it? No. No you're not. No, this is not, this is not developing a Grip whatsoever. And, and, and you're running at a 10, 20 minutes, 30 minutes.


Well, His goal, he says run for a mile, that's the goal. And he has some numbers. I can give you a link, you can look it up back to Mike Privas and direct Grip Strength, Strength Training is great as well. So for example, the best products for that would be the Captains of Crush Grippers from Iron Mind. Iron Mind. Iron Mind is the company that started a series grip training pretty much in modern era and their grippers are the golden standard. Some years ago, my colleague as Strong first Brad Jones and I, we decided to get serious about it and see what that feels like. And we, PEL spent many, many months, we were both able to build up to closing the number three gripper from apparel set. So that means that gripper takes 280 pounds to close.


And when you're using very small muscle groups, it's extremely, extremely hard. And the observations that we both made and other colleagues and people have made that once you are able to do that, everything becomes so much easier. However, the training itself is extremely hard because people are thinking that when you're training the grip is just some kind of isolated thing. You can, you can ride drive the car and you can kind of squeeze this little pink thing that you picked up at, at the department store or no, when you train with a heavy duty gripper like the one from Iron Mind, it's a full body effort and you need to use pretty much every neurological trick in the book in order to, to exert yourself.


So for example, If you, If you have ever seen the Sanin stance in ate, which is, it's a stance where the knees are kind of pulled inward and shoulders are pressed down, there's a lot of, a lot of tension and everything, everything's very, very seriously engaged. The toes are gripping the ground. So you're pretty much gripping the ground with your toes. You're contracting your glutes, you are bracing very, very hard. You are compressing your viscera, your latt is firing and you're sending this all this effort, everything. The only thing they're not working like you try to keep your traps in face out of this and you're directing this effort into your group. You get just as tired from doing that work as from doing like heavy squats or something.


Wow, that's remarkable. But If you like that, it's a fantastic thing to do. Wow. The, the motor neuron recruitment that you are describing is phenomenal. I have one reflection on this relationship between Grip Strength and Longevity. Just a, a little bit of neuroscience, you may be familiar with this, so forgive me If you are, but for the listeners as well. The motor neurons that control movement of the torso lie closer to the midline on both sides of the spinal cord. The motor neurons that are responsible for more distal mus muscles that is further from the midline sit outside of those. And so as you get out to the movement of the digits, you know, the fingers and toes, those are the most distal from the midline.


The rate and pattern of degeneration of motor neurons as a function of aging, even if there's no a LS or Alzheimer's or Parkinson's or anything is always outside in. We don't know why this is, it may relate to the presence of the enzyme SOD superoxide di mutase, but it does seem that people that train their peripheral strength, they can offset some of that outside to in or distal to more close to the midline degeneration. So I believe, and this is just a belief that it's not just correlative that when one trains their periphery, they actually can offset some of the degeneration. It's also the way it's mapped in the brain, which is a kind of a discussion outside of here.


We need to get some diagrams up for people to really conceptualize that. But it's also the case If you look at older people, 70, 80, 90, their calves are generally atrophied even if their torso is still very thick and muscular if they did training. So I feel like obviously training the core and the torso is so key, but training the, the peripheral muscles, at least from the perspective of Longevity, it makes sense why that would be important. Well there's so many reasons obviously to do that. So I think that whether you choose to do that directly with grippers or, and there are some other devices, obviously unlimited number of devices and exercises or as a part of another exercise like climbing the rope, definitely strongly encouraging your listeners to do that.


I'm gonna try this running with the kettlebell on one side for I'll go out for a mile with it on the right and then, Oh no, no, you switch all the time back, switch as much as you want. Okay. Because If you try to do it in one side, you are going to pound your stabilizers and just pound them. You're not gonna recover forever. And this way, this is one of the secrets, secrets to developing Isometric endurance is very rapid switching, you know, short contractions and brief rest and over and over and over. That way you are not you, you know, the muscle doesn't go into ischemia and you know, it keeps getting oxygen. Pretty much. I'd like to talk about concentric versus eccentric portions of a movement concentric generally being the lifting phase and eccentric of course folks, the, the lowering phase.


Is there a case for just doing concentric movements? Yes. Is there a case for emphasizing the eccentric portion? How does one balance those when thinking about soreness, recovery and Frequency of training? Okay, well first all the case for concentric only is if you're trying to minimize Muscle Growth and If you also are trying to minimize soreness. So for athletes in weight classes or athletes in sports where you get punished by carrying extra weight, it's a very good idea. So for example, when Barry Ross coached Te and Felix at that point, she became the fastest, she won the 200 meters in the world.


She was 17 years old, I think she was the youngest. And so he would have her do deadlifts and they were concentric only and she would have her drop the bar. And the reasoning for that is, is exactly that. You're able to get stronger, you're not putting on extra muscle mass. Also it's, it's safe. It's really a very, very safe way to train. And in programming, in programming a, a protocol for somebody who's not necessarily in that, in that boat, it's still just for the sake of variety, you may want to choose to avoid the, avoid the eccentric on certain days like you're trying to recover, accelerate the recovery. So you lift the weight, but then you step down.


So you could definitely do that eccentric work, it's supposed supposedly very helpful to promote Hypertrophy, but there are a lot of ifs and buts in there. I'm going to talk right now about the eccentric strength, wor eccentric work. For strength specifically it's very, because the muscle is strongest, whenever you're lowering the weight, it's very easy to do something knuckleheaded and get hurt, which is Jim Rose do that all the time. And instead of doing that, what the wise much wiser approach is to get a perfect spotter, great competent spotter and put on, after you've done your normal couple of lower repetition heavy sets, add maybe five, 10 pounds over your maximum and make a perfect eccentric with an intention of lifting it.


So you are lowering this bar that you're just, you know, the bench press, bench press barbell, you are lowering it to your chest and you're loading yourself like you're ready to press it back. You pause on your chest without losing tension, you're ready to blast it back and then your spotters take it off you and you do this about do this about two, three times this, this sort of a strategy or variation of it was used by Rick will. He was, he was able to bench press over 500 pounds wearing a t-shirt at the body weight of buck 81 back in the eighties. One of the great greatest bench pressers who was extremely intelligent about his training.


And he did the same thing with his heavy attempts as well. And incidentally, even better, not even better, I should say. You do this in a different day when you combine this exec, this same type of eccentric with a very perfect assisted trip, not force trap like bros do, it's, oh you bro, you know, the guy's shaking there and dying. No. So again, let's say that your best bench press is, you know, three 15. So you load up 3 25, you lower it perfectly and you're not, and you're lowering at the speed of your max attempt. So you're not going very, very, very slow.


You know how guys do it, they take the first quarter of the range of motion very slow and then they fall through. That doesn't do anything at all. No, you lower it at that rhythm of your maximal weight, you pause and then you press it and your training partner gives you enough assistance to make it feel like it's about your 90%. So the fact is you're not, you get to feel a super maximal weight, but you're not experiencing any psychological stress. It's very, very powerful. And again, you do this, you do this maybe for one or two singles. This also ties with the Soviet research and gymnasts. They came up with something called artificial controlling environment.


So they compared a group of gymnasts that was working up to some strength demanding skill with doing typical regressions. And at the same time they were also working on typical Strength Training, weighted pull-ups and so on. And the other group would have the coach provide this perfect assistance to enable the athlete to perform the skill at a higher level as they put it, living their motor future, motor future, but with enough help not to, to make it hard but not stressful. And the difference in gains were just, just, just dramatically, there was so much gain, so much faster. So I would say that would be a very good way to use eccentric work.


Isometric, Isometric training calls can also be very powerful for strength and a great value of Isometric training is in its ability to coach you to live properly and not just live properly. Other, other athletic events as well. If, let's say that you're trying to learn to throw a front kick and you're doing it all over the place, but If you place your foot on a wall and if your coach or sensei positions your body, your foot in a certain way and teaches you to start to start applying pressure to the wall and the ground at the same time and kind of upul it against the wall, adjust your body and then you relax, shake off your muscles and you go hit the bag and suddenly you're gonna do so much better.


The same thing, let's say that you're trying to optimize your position for the bottom of the deadlift. So you load up more weight that you could possibly lift and then you wedge yourself under and you start applying pressure and it doesn't feel good. So you change it a little bit. So isometrics are very powerful for not just restrengthening the sticking points but also for optimizing the angles. Then we're also dealing with something that there's also great Disinhibition effect. So what your listeners might not know is, so there are two your, you have two pedals in your Nervous System as in, pardon me for telling you this, you don't need obviously know all this, but there's the excitation inhibition, there's the gas, the gas pedal, and the brake pedal.


And there are various influences, some of 'em psychological, but not all of them that are taking away from your strength. That's called inhibition. And under certain circumstances there are documented cases like a lady lifting off the front of a 36 pound, 3,600 pound car to save your son. And there are documented cases of that so that Disinhibition takes place. So isometrics does have some Disinhibition effects properties, very, very powerful. Also, Isometric teaches you to, teaches you not to give up on a heavy attempt because If you put the experiments were done in a safe manner on the machines obviously, but If you put an inexperienced person and the machine is moving at a slow, at a slow rate, so it, when it starts appro speed starts approaching zero, that inhibition takes place.


So pretty much the subject thinks the gig is up, I'm not going anywhere, that's it, I'm done. I'm just giving up because I failed. But training with isometrics allows you to develop, to develop this kind of a neural drive endurance that you need to grind through safely through a heavier tap. So very, very powerful. How would you incorporate isometrics into it? So you can do this as a part of your warmup. You can also do Pause Reps. They're fantastic. It's when you combine, combine eccentric concentric and Isometric contraction all in one. So perfect example for the squat, you lower to peril and you stay tight and you stay there for three to five seconds and then you explode upward.


So that, that's a great way to train.


I'd like to take a quick break and thank our Sponsor AG one. AG one is an all-in-one vitamin mineral probiotic drink with adaptogens. I've been taking AG one daily since 2012, so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring this podcast. The reason I started taking AG one, and the reason I still take AG one is because it is the highest quality and most complete foundational nutritional supplement. What that means is that AG one ensures that you're getting all the necessary vitamins, minerals, and other micronutrients to form a strong foundation for your daily health. AG G one also has probiotics and prebiotics that support a healthy gut microbiome. Your gut microbiome consists of trillions of microorganisms that line your digestive tract and impact things such as your Immune System status, your metabolic health, your hormone health, and much more. So I've consistently found that when I take a G one daily, my digestion is improved, my Immune System is more robust and my mood and mental focus are at their best. In fact, if I could take just one supplement, that supplement would be AG one. If you'd like to try AG one, you can go to drink AG one.com/huberman to claim a special offer. They'll give you five free travel packs plus a year supply of vitamin D three K two with your order of AG one. Again, go to drink AG one.com/huberman to claim this special offer.


I'd like to talk about neural drive. I attribute you with popularizing, maybe you invented it, but certainly popularizing the the term like Greasing the Groove in one of your books. And by the way, we provide links to PA's books in the show. Note captions. I'm a collector of your books. Thank you. I love them. Some of them thank you are getting to be collector's items. They're a little bit harder to find, but you'll have to compete with me on eBay. But some of them can be found elsewhere and we'll provide links to those. But this notion of Greasing the Groove completely changed my conceptualization of Strength Training. Thank you. Because I was weaned more or less trying to run cross country during the cross-country season.


Only ran it once, but I greatly enjoyed it and continued that sort of training or trying to put on strength in size, kind of a, a numb skull young male approach to things. But that's what we would do at that age. It served me reasonably well. Sure, yeah, I'm grateful that I included both. However, I was so tuned to this notion of training a body part, creating an adaptation, then waiting for the adaptation to occur, and then training the body part again. You know, the arguments are all over the internet two times a week, three times a week. And then I came across this concept of Greasing the Groove, which as a neuroscientist felt so intuitively correct and turns out to be correct, you'll explain what it is.


But the idea that more frequent training or practicing of a movement opens up a tremendous number of opportunities for development of strength, of size Hypertrophy if one wants. And I would say just generally more flexibility over one's total fitness program, once one understands absolutely yes, this concept you no longer look at this split or that split or this many reps or that many reps or this volume or that volume. Oh that is important. But you can start to think about it through the lens of the Nervous System. And to me it was like water in a desert to finally encounter something that brought together all these different concepts. So could you please explain for people what Greasing the Groove is? And then I think the implications of it will become obvious.


But we'll also spell out what some Of those are. And Drew and interrupt me because this is about to become a, this might get really long, so please interrupt me at any time. So first I'll talk about the neural component, then we're gonna talk about the Frequency and the morphological adaptation, structural adaptations as it leads. So ladies and gentlemen, grease the groove we are talking about, let's use an analogy. Let's imagine that you are a bow hunter and you work in your garage and then you walk outta your garage and you shoot an arrow and you just go back to going about your business just working in your garage. Or let's say your kid who who practices martial arts.


And every on every break between classes, you just go in the corner and you practice your kata. This is the best way to practice your skill in small portions in a spaced out manner. What's really fascinating is traditional education and traditional Strength Training. It's based on the cramming model. So remember cramming for an exam. So you're studying at night and you somehow squeak by and you pass it. Okay, great. And then a couple days later you happily forget everything. So in contrast, imagine that you are, let's say you're studying a foreign language, you write words on cards and at every opportunity you're standing in line in the bank.


So the lesser mortals are fooling around on their phones. You're just going through your deck like, oh, can I translate this word? I go put it back in the deck, flip it over. The next time you are in some other place, you do this again. So this is an example of space practice versus the traditional mass practice and the evidence of the superiority of space practice is just overwhelming. It goes back to the 19th century and there is at least like a more than a thousand papers published on that, and still very few people do that, which is really sad. And Strength is a Skill. So two interesting things happened in the fifties.


One is Thomas Rush, he was an American exercise physiologist. He proposed that strength adaptation was largely, largely skill and he looked at pretty much the adaptation. He noticed that there's no correlation between the Muscle Growth and strength. Then at the same time as Soviet scientist, Stepan of was his last name, he was measuring the electrical activity in the muscles of weightlifters who were pressing overhead. And back then the press was one of the competition events. And what he found is as the athletes got stronger after some months the EMGs started dropping off when they're lifting the same weights.


So pretty much he found out that the Nervous System activity became more economical. They were able to try less hard yet still live the same weights or pretty much they were, they could try harder and lift even heavier weights and Hypertrophy could not explain that because in the fifties the Soviets were very Anti Hypertrophy. They were just doing double triple singles pretty much. So if we look at what's going on, it's the habian mechanisms. So pretty much every time that you activate a particular connection, synaptic connection, you know, between the neurons, that connection becomes stronger.


So If you did it over and over and over, so the grease, the groove is the analogy is that command that's coming in from your brain to your muscles, that's the groove, that's that pathway. And the more you use it, pretty much the more grease it becomes. So it's like becomes a superconductor. So in the future you don't have to try as hard to lift the same amount of weight or you can try the same amount and you can lift harder. So we're not even, we haven't even addressed the neural drive yet. We just pretty much made the motor neurons more responsive, more responsive to it. And it's a very, it easy and very simple way to train. And strength comes very easily and very, very unexpectedly to make sure that it does happen, you have to address the issue of specificity.


So specificity pretty much means without getting too, too much into the weeds to get stronger, first of all, you need to lift weights that are heavy enough. And if you're looking about percentages of one wrap max, we're looking at like 75 to 85. Typically, If you go too light, you don't make the impression on your Nervous System and it's just not specific enough. If you go to heavy very quickly, you're just gonna burn yourself out. And so pretty much like it's a weight that's heavy enough to respect and light enough not to fear. And the second of all, and this is very surprising, is you only do about half or fewer reps that you possibly could do. So for example, let's say that you're lifting 80% of your one rep max, and let's say that you are able to do eight reps maximum with it.


That's your, that we're just fairly, fairly common. Well, you're only going to do about three, three to four reps per set and that's it. And the Jim Bros at this point go crazy. Like where's the intensity? Well, intensity and Strength Training is just how heavy the weight is. It has nothing to do with the effort and it's been proven over and over that that's much more important than how hard you're exerting yourself. There are times for that, there are absolutely times for that. But if the weight is heavy enough and If you do half the repetitions that you possibly could do, you're going to get stronger. It's very safe and you are not going to burn out psychologically.


And it's also very easy on your body. So also that builds muscle as well, purely because you're able to do a very high volume of work. I'm not able to explain the mechanism why it builds muscle, but as the Soviets found out in weightlifting research, there's a correlation between the volume and Robert Truman. Between the volume and the Hypertrophy, everything else being equal, you are going to get bigger. So almost every day you're doing the sets of three, four reps, maybe even five, and they start adding up and before you know it, you're stronger. And at the same time you have developed muscle. So to summarize, the grease, the groove you're trying to train moderately heavy as often as possible while staying as staying as fresh as possible.


And If you decide to do it in the gym, a very simple protocol would be a set every 10 minutes. It sounds really bizarre. Like why? Why, why would you, would you rest for so long? This apparently has to do with initial memory consolidation. There's so much is still unknown. So we do know the grease to groove works great, but we speculate that some of it has to do with some of the same phenomena related to to learning in other fields. So if you're doing something over and over, like, like you're saying two plus two is four, two plus two is four, you're just using your short term memory. You're not memorizing anything. But If you say two plus two is four, you go get a coffee, you come back and you try two plus two, four.


So there's that desirable difficulty that you have in there and you have to process that instead of just go through the groove that that apparently helps, helps this adaptation. So rest for at least 10 minutes do sets of about the repetitions of half of what you're possibly able to do and you know, listen to your body. Typically train two, three days in a row and then take a day off. But listen to your body. Incidentally, this grease the groove is the topic of my next book. I have completed it, it's not published yet. If you look at, I can't pronounce the Hungarian professor's last name. Omaha. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. So he's talking about that perfect challenge.


Perfect practice lies in that channel between boredom and anxiety. So If you put yourself in that channel and If you keep lifting this moderately heavy weights with a moderate effort over and over and over, you're going to get strong. It's one of the many ways to get stronger. Are you doing anything in the Rest Periods between these 10 minutes? So is it, let's say bench press, wait 10 minutes till you bench press again, but in the meantime you're doing Zercher Squat five minutes after the first bench pressed you stagger. That's one of the way to do that. You can do up to three exercise, three exercises at the same time. So let's say like Zercher Squat and the bench press and maybe a third thing, but I'd say those two are enough. And another option is you can do that.


You can incorporate this into, If you do only one exercise, you can squeeze it into your lifestyle or your athletic practice. So for example, in let's say you're teaching a track track practice or martial arts class, and every 10 minutes on the clock you would just have the class do drop and do three hard, let's say three, one arm pushups, okay, and then get back to the class. So there's no interference whatsoever. In fact, it's better than no interference. Back in the sixties, Soviets found out something called the strengths after effect. So If you do strengths work that's non exhausting in nature and that's not novel to you, it has a tonic effect just for any, any anything that you can do with your brain or with your body, anything.


So what they would even do, some coaches do, do so called strength warmup led, they would warm up as usual for a track class, let's say track practice. Then they would do let's say three sets of three of something like with 80% max, which is not much, and they start, they start their practice. Then the coach notice that the athletes are starting to droop a little, he'll repeat that, you know, he might repeat that up to three times. So what you have is by having this short, a very small dose, like a nana practice of strength, you rejuvenate yourself and your productivity increases so much. So whether you want to just do the strength exercise, several of them in that one hour period, or whether you want to combine that with writing a great American novel that's, you know, that's your Business.


I suppose if someone has access to the appropriate equipment at home, you could incorporate grease the groove into your entire day. That's ideal. Yes. And obviously it's difficult if some equipment, but which you could do, you could use the heavy duty grippers, you could do one arm pushups, you could, you could keep a kettlebell under your desk and do press it at at every opportunity. And again, the idea is really just practice. You just try to hit a perfect, perfect trap and notice that If you have some issues, if you're a warmup dependent person for orthopedic issues, I'm talking about warmup in the very much in the body, not the mind. In this particular case, then it might not be appropriate for you.


Although, you know, with 10 minute rest it might still be okay. But practicing a skill without, oh the warmup, that means rehearsal is very powerful for improving that skill. People think they automatically equate performance with improvement with learning, but it's not so not at all. When you are doing something that's just out of the blue, it's, you know, the way a sniper would take a cold shot, that's so much harder because you have to have produced that solution or maybe an an example that's closer to most viewers. Golf, you go to the driving range, you start hitting it and like, wow, you, you're amazing.


You just get yourself fine tuned, you hit, you're perfect then. Then you go and you play the game and you cannot replicate that because suddenly different club, different topography, everything's different and you didn't have the luxury of that tuning yourself up right there. So it feels, it doesn't feel like you're stronger, but you are going to get my stronger. I've been eager to share with you some recent findings that are not my own, but that I think you might be curious about. And then I think most people hopefully will be curious about as well. It's not Greasing the Groove specifically, but it provides a, at least partial mechanistic understanding of how particular types of physical movement with this high motor neuron and attentional engagement can generate high levels of alertness that can be devoted to, as you say, writing the great American novel.


Perhaps there's a guy at the University of Pittsburgh named Peter Strick, who for the first time started to map the connections between the adrenals and the brain and he was able to do this using some really cool technology. The basic takeaway is the following adrenaline release from the adrenals, as some of the listeners may know, doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier, but it turns out it binds to receptors on the vagus, which then stimulates noradrenaline in the brain and provides this increase in alertness. So then the question is, how do you get your adrenals engaged? You know, we can sit here and we can, we can do a steering competition, which I'll lose for certain, but you know, there are all sorts of psychological tools we get, you know, caffeine, et cetera. There. There are all sorts of wasted cold water.


But it turns out what Peter found was that there are particular locations in the motor cortex that send a two, basically a two synapse connection, dys synaptic connection directly to the adrenals and the areas of motor cortex that engage the adrenals cause them to release adrenaline. But just by sheer movement of particular muscle groups are the core, as you were talking about before, like bracing the core causes the release of adrenaline, which then via the vagus causes the brainstem area to release. No adrenaline wake up, the whole brain essentially increase learning and performance in anything. And as well, the stronger and stronger activation of the motor neurons, deliberate activation of the motor neurons seems to engage adrenaline release.


Now, to me, this was a wonderful way of trying to persuade people that they have internal control over this thing that we call motivation. That movement itself can increase adrenaline, which can increase the tendency to want to move as long As, again, you don't wanna have too much adrenaline either. Right, right. And, and I'd like to talk about that, but I think I, and so many other people were kind of raised and conditioned, at least in this country, to think, oh, if I wanna increase my level of motivation, I need to like, I don't know, watch an inspiring video. That could be great. Or I can drink caffeine and that could, or an energy drink and, and certainly that will do it. But to me the, the discovery that particular movements and particular muscles being engaged in activity itself changes the neurochemical milieu.


I mean, of course it had to be Right. It's a big duh. But I think that, anyway, I was excited to share with you these Well, thank you. Didn't, didn't discover them. That is news to me. So I read The Naked Warrior. I was closed when I when I read it, but it's a wonderful book. Thank you. Because thank you. It talks about body weight only exercises and this concept of, for instance, like trying to crush one's fist on, you know, making a really strong fist on the other side and how that will increase your, your gripping ability on the other side, this kind of thing. Yes. As You know, with your background in neuroscience, obviously there's so many neurological phenomena, like If you can think of like muscle software that we have access to that if we become conscious about accessing that we can be so much stronger.


Yeah. So when you talk about, you know, doing a, a set of three or four repetitions or two to three repetitions at about 85% or 80% of one rep mass waiting 10 minutes and in the intervening 10 minutes going and trying to learn something important or physical or cognitive, this makes perfect sense to me because of the relationship of adrenaline, but also the way that your entire Nervous System is changed in the, in the intervening period. And plus You have the contextual interference. So one of the greasy groove is not something that I invented, it's something that I was able to codify and explain and possibly refine. But it's been around since the day of Ttes, and specifically in Strength Training. Paul Anderson, Paul Anderson, one of the greatest weightlifters of all time.


He was, he was a big favorite of the Soviet public, you know, very tough group to impress, but they called him the wonder of nature. He was so strong. And Paul Anderson would do a set of squads, then he would wander around, drink some milk, half an hour later, do a set of presses, now go do this again. And so he reinvent, not, I shouldn't say reinvent, no, he invented without knowing neurons from nylons, many of the training concepts that are just cutting edge today. And again, so this concept of contextual interference, remember we talked earlier how if it's harder for you to produce a solution, if you're trying harder to remember two plus two is four, or how to throw the ball, then you're gonna learn more.


As opposed to if somebody just hands it, oh two plus two is four. So Paul Anderson had both the spacing time came, like, so the, the groove has been forgotten in the sense of time and the contextual interference in another exercise that erased whatever previous groove right there. And it's, it's very fascinating how looking at some of these old timers and just how, how genius sound were, Yeah, the unconscious genius aspect of it is so cool. And of course I don't want to be disparaging of common gym programs these days, but I do feel like the way that most I'll people train I'll Yeah, you'll do that. Yeah. The way that most people train in terms of thinking, okay, I'm gonna hit the gym, you know, three, four times a week, or I'm gonna train chest one day and chest and biceps.


While that has some value, I feel like, for creating all around strength and Hypertrophy, there's just such a incredible treasure trove of other things that you're sharing with us today that, that are just not discussed as much because people don't take the lens of the Nervous System component. One, one thing that I'd love to ask about the Nervous System in terms of training, adaptation and recovery is that I was weaned somewhat under the thought patterns of Mike Menser. This was in the Darian Yates era, and I knew Mike A. Little bit. I paid for a consult with him over the phone. We never met in person. So that had my mother asking, you know, why is this grown man calling our home?


And why are you wire in the old days you had to wire somebody money. So I do, but it was so worthwhile because Mike taught me that the goal of training was to induce an adaptation. Anything additional was not necessary. And in his case, he, he felt was counterproductive, very infrequent training, et cetera. And it worked tremendously well to take me from like 150 pounds to 210 pounds, which I had no need to do, but my body just reacted like crazy. Yeah. But then again, I was 16, 17, and 18 years old in that time. Probably could have done any number of different things and and experience similar results, who knows. But the concept of course is that you train to induce an adaptation, then you rest and then you allow the adaptation to serve the, you know, moving higher poundages in good form this sort of thing.


The problem however, is that, and mens are highlighted, this is that training of any kind, running, lifting, et cetera, taxes, both the Nervous System as a whole and the muscles locally and the connective tissue. How should we think about training and recovery? So when you describe grease, the groove, I could imagine if I had a home set up or I'm going to the gym, I could maybe do four or five rounds of this training, but at some point it becomes counterproductive. So, wow, A lot of great question. I'm just trying to think about how to schedule this sort of thing, keeping in mind that the Nervous System fatigues as a whole. And then there's also the issue of local muscle fatigue or, or even the propensity for injury If you just overdo it. Sure.


Yeah. So if we could just riff on this for a little bit, If You don't mind Andrew, I'll break it up because there are a lot of great questions right there. So one is you mentioned there are different ways of training. And again, we, the grease, the groove load parameters apart from the long rests are very much based on Soviet weightlifting system. And I'd like to talk a little bit about that later. Another system that's a completely un, radically different and it ties very much to Mike Menser training for reasons we become obvious is the classic American power lifting system from the seven, from the eighties. And when people argue about training methods, what they need to understand is there are many ways to get the job done.


You know, kovi, his research in Estonia found, because there's so many different combinations of stimuli and the different, different adaptations that result, you can arrive to similar outcomes and a lot of different ways. So to say this is right and this is wrong, you cannot sometimes do that. I mean, I can say most of things are wrong, but I can also say there's multiple right ways of training and they can be radically different. And they're different because they're rely on very different phenomena. So in this particular case, you're talking about recovery and Frequency, which is again, a great way to address it. I'm gonna talk about two systems that are completely different and yet have that same pedigree that they have brought so many gold medals.


So one system is the Soviet weightlifting system is again where athletes would train several times a day. And Bulgarian system is a more extreme example of that. And every day. And the other extreme would be the American powerlifting system exemplified by Hu Cassidy, Marty Gallagher, ed Cohen, Kirk Kowski. So starting from the seventies through the nineties and those a really glorious day for you as power lifting. And in that system they would pretty much do one or two heavy sets per lift once a week. So it's kind of a little bit like Mike ER's work, kind of, but not, but we, we'll, we'll address why.


So how can that be and how can both systems work? So you address the recovery, there's a concept called Heterochronicity, which hetero means different chronicity refers to time. So the different systems in the body to cover recovery, different rates. And If you don't take that into account, then you're going to have some serious problems. So the Soviet system took, If you look at the Soviet system with frequent training, they looked at, okay, we want to do frequent practice, which is exactly what we do. We don't want to beat the muscles up so much that they, that takes them very long time to recover, you know, not too much eccentric stress, not too much the acidosis avoiding things like that.


And they were able to adjust the loads in such a way. So let's say your weights are heavy but not too heavy. The reps don't go too high. So you're able to recover pretty much, pretty much overnight. And the benefit of that is it's been shown that If you fragment a given workload over more days, home recessions, you get better results. And it's, your body is able on your Nervous System, endocrine system, your carcass, everything is able to handle much more if it's split at a small doses. So let's use an example of a meal. Let's say If you were trying to do an eating competition, how much you can eat in 24 hours. So it's not like those Coney island, you know how many hot dogs you can eat in one sitting?


No, but you'd probably eat a lot more If you spread it throughout the day. And this is the same idea, it's like that parable from Nasim tale about the king that got angry in his son and he says he is gonna crush him with a big rock. And they realize, well what did I do? I don't want to kill this kid, but the king's name King's Ward is King's ward, right? So he ordered his peons to break up the rock into pebbles and then just dumped his pebbles on the kid. So that's the same idea. So Fragmentation the load always allows you to do more and do it safer. So something else is related to that in some training systems, some training systems rely on adaptations, let's say for strengths that go in the muscle that go beyond just the contractual proteins.


Just, you know, the part, you know, my part that make, that create force. So for example, the soy system, they also try to increase the storage of creatine phosphate, which is the kind of immediate fuel for, for muscle contractions, for this type of work, for lifting heavy weights over and over. And so by training sometimes easier, you are able to keep stimulating that creatine phosphate adaptation, but without still allowing muscles to recover. So this kind of a dance and it's fairly complex. Then on the other hand, the American system did something completely different and the explanations for what happens in the muscle with this within this American system, we didn't know for sure, but there's a hypothesis by a Russian specialist sca, that's seems quite credible.


So here's, so again, the system, here's the system. You train hard, you do one hard set once a week or two hard sets. So the satellite cells that are immature cells in the muscle, they're sitting there waiting to jump in, in, you know, If you need to replenish the messed up ones in order for the satellite cells to get their job done. They try to figure out, scientists try to figure out what sort of a stimuli are are required. And one the can, a strong case can be made that a very particular damage to the microstructure of the muscle can, can provoke that stimulus.


So, but that damage has to be very, very specific. If you beat up the muscle with a baseball bat, you're just gonna get a whole lot of scar tissue and you know, some satellite cells will just die and others will just be, become scar. But if the cross bridges in the muscle, the cross bridges is that part that does create force in the muscle. If they do tear in a very specific way, it seems to do the job. So the way the muscle contracts is, so there is imagine that you're rolling your boat on the water. So water is one protein, it's called acton, and myosin is the, the oars that are moving in there.


So the ore Dips into the water hooks and pools and that, or relies on available energy in the muscles. So these a TP molecules are, you know, stored energy, they're floating around and they head myosin head needs, needs that a TP in order to both to hook to produce force, but it also, it needs a TP to unhook as well. And it's in this in between stages, it's called a rigor. So whenever the muscle has produced force, but there is not enough energy for it to relax. So the muscle is stuck in rigor. So think of rigor mortis. So If you tear dead body's muscle, you know, there is, is gonna tear.


And supposedly this is going to happen only when you're able to, when the consumption of a TP is really high in the muscle, but the, but the supply is not. And so if you're, If you do that in the first, let's say 20, 20, 30 seconds before acidosis set in, that's what, that's what should happen. Because If you wait longer when there's a lot of acid in the muscle acid, it kills that reaction that it kills that reaction to uses a TP. So you're not using as much anymore. Sure the, the demand is down, the supply is down, but it's on demand so it's not so good. So If you erase that fatigue point, so If you try to deplete that creatine phosphate, that kind of rocket fuel of the muscle within about 20, 30 seconds, then presumably some of these hooks on these oars are gonna get stuck.


And when the muscle's lengthening and they're gonna tear, and that's a very specific tear. It doesn't happen on the outside of the muscle. It happens just on the inside in there. Whether this is true or not, I do not know, but it's a pretty good theory that does explain Mike Menser method and, and explains the American power lifting method. Interestingly above about Mark Manser, and again, to the listeners who are not aware of the method, that means train the muscle really hard, very infrequently with very low volume SSO kansky before he died, you know, famous Soviet sports scientist known, known in the west mostly as the father of what is called Trics in the west. And, but he's also done many other things as well.


He spoke very highly about Menser. He thought Menser was brilliant, Menser was an innovator. But many people, some people get good results from it like you did and a lot of people do not. And so pretty much what PRCA suggested that might happens is eventually you'll reach the limit of adaptation of how much you can deplete, how much you can deplete the creatine and phosphate in that window. That's when you hit the wall. And this is where the American system comes in. The system is called cycling. The history of cycling is fascinating. The relationship, the interaction between the Soviet and American strength schools is absolutely fascinating.


So just to go back for a minute, Soviet track athletes in the fifties were using the typical stupid high rep, high rep reps to burn. Then in then in late fifties, some very sharp young specialist, vital, he made a case at a conference says, what are we doing? Let's look at what he said. Let's look what Paul Anderson di Hebburn Bruce Randall, these North American strength asked, let's look what they're doing. They're lifting heavy stuff for sets of three to five reps. Let's knock this Johnson soft. So we track athletes started doing that right there. So this is how the Soviets for example, learned from Americans.


That's an example of how it went the other way. The classic Periodization as it's known mat Periodization in which you kind of start out with higher volume and less specific to lower, you know, to lower volume, more intensity and so on. That prioritization is not used by lifters in the Soviet Union. Lifters thought that's just completely not, it's, it's just not usable, it's just inappropriate for their needs ar off the professor. And the Olympic champion made very strong case why, but Americans who got some limited information about it, American power lifters, not weight lifters, were able to develop their own training system based on that premise.


Something that the Soviet didn't do. And the way it worked is, is like this, you don't necessarily have very high volume, but you start, I'm gonna give you a most classic example of this type of cycling. Again, this is again, Cassidy Gallagher, Colin Kowski, four week blocks, let's say they're that there's like gonna be three, four week blocks, maybe four. So you do lift once a week. On week four you go for a pr. So let's say this is a month of fives, so this is on your week four, you're going to do a PR set of five, you plan for it. Week three is somewhere around your old pr.


Week two is lighter, week one is lighter still, okay. And then after that you may increase the weight but still relative effort is going to drop and you're gonna kind of repeat the process. So it does multiple things on the muscular level. So what potassium can explain you pretty much decondition yourself temporarily. Temporarily. And you progressively increase that creatine phosphate use. So initially when you're deconditioned, it doesn't take as much to get the stimulus. You don't have to push really hard in first week you push harder on the second and harder and harder. There's a concept, their concept in Periodization.


So as port science or reactivity versus resistance reactivity means how responsive your body is to the stimulus and resistance. Kinda like in the medical terms, you know how much it can, you know it, it's, it's not affected by it. So when you're starting light after layoff, your reactivity is high and your resistance is low, it doesn't take much. So boom, suddenly you build this muscle and then you keep building up. And when you reach, when you reach a peak, then you just, then you just step back again. And on the side of the Nervous System, an endocrine system, much later Soviet research they said you can train hard maximum two weeks out of four.


That's it. More than that you cannot handle. So for every month you're training two Weeks, two weeks hard. That's It. The other ones you're cruising, you're Not as hard, sometimes easiest, sometimes there are different ways of programming it. The typical one that you hear about in the west as you're kind of build things up for three weeks and then down in four, it's one of the about 16 different possible arrangements. Doesn't have to be there can be. Here's one brilliant way. Franco Colombo who passed unfortunately was not just a great bodybuilder, he was a great chiropractor and great strength athlete. Super strong, very strong and brilliant. So he told me about one his deadlift cycle, week one, moderate week two, heavy week three, moderate week four, very heavy.


Again, this is a different way of arranging the same concept. And these American power lifters were able to build this system that built the muscle probably exactly in this manner, what was happening at the same time. Oh yeah. And there's also another angle how that system possibly has worked. This is fascinating. Any type of exercise that you do makes your muscles more slow twitch. It's just the way it is. It's very, very bizarre. Yeah, Even explosive Work, even explosive, even Just trying to crash the bar and drive the deadlift Up. Even that the more you do it. So gold spinks research back in the eighties that any cycle of stretching or contraction resets the heavy chain myosin, you know, the contractual proteins that makes it towards slower type.


So any type of work, If you do biopsy on somebody who is a couch potato, you're gonna find that person probably has a higher concentration of white fibers than you and I. Wild, very counterintuitive. Very counterintuitive. And so that's like a default setting for the fibers. However, If you take time off, it's, it's something changes and it changes be, it goes beyond the change. So this, this research came some out of Sweden I believe. When they trained a group of subjects and strengths, they saw a predicted decrease in the ratio of type two X fast, which Y fibers, then they took a couple months off and then they experienced, they called it MHC overshoot, myosin, heavy heavy chain again, like fast fiber overshoot.


So they had something like 70 more percent fibers after that wild, Nobody takes two, three months off these days. And, but they figured out, shanky figured out that is not needed for athletes because obviously you get the condition in other ways, right? So remember we talk about hetero Heterochronicity, different processes take place at different rates. So it's like you're constantly playing the whack the mo. So this is getting outta shape, but this is not recovered yet. So it's, it's a game that's, that's a game of training programming. So in the American system, first of all, the infrequent training, it reduced the stimulus for the conversion of the fiber towards, I see towards the slower isoform, slower types and the second all the taper that they did later.


So suddenly switching for five to like one triple, one double for a few weeks, If you do that for just a few weeks, you're do like a one triple, one double, you're not gonna lose much muscle mass because it really takes over a month. But it, there's enough time for the, for the myosin to reconfigure itself to a faster type. So that's probably what happens. Interesting. And neurologically, I think what happens, probably they exerted themselves very strongly once, once, twice a month. So it's again in you know, neural drive probably with strengths and Disinhibition and other things like that. And the irony is the system has lost its popularity. Some records in the deadlift, like Dan Austin's record and possibly Nobu set back in the nineties and eighties, there's, oh yeah, Lamar Gant Lamar Gantt is, this is the strongest dead lifter pound per pound in history.


So like 6 83 at buck three, two or something like that. And it was done back in the eighties. So he trained that way done Austin in other lifts records have increased in part because of the equipment changes and some other reasons. But Ed Coh dominated the platform for decades. And so there are some great, great lifters who trained this way, but then the system lost its popularity for reasons have nothing to with its effectiveness. It doesn't mean it's appropriate for everybody though because train the lift once a week for one or two sets, there's not much practice and that's a problem. So unless you are training under very high level coach or you are already coming in with great skills is really good.


Second, If you need any kind of level of endurance or If you're playing other sport, you're gonna be very sore from this type of training. So it's a great system for certain type of people.


I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our Sponsors. Element. Element is an electrolyte drink that has everything you need, but nothing you don't. That means the electrolytes, sodium, magnesium, and potassium, all in the correct ratios but no sugar. Proper hydration is critical for optimal brain and body function. Even a slight degree of dehydration can diminish cognitive and physical performance. It's also important that you get adequate electrolytes. The electrolytes, sodium, magnesium and potassium are vital for the functioning of all the cells in your body, especially your neurons or your nerve cells. Drinking element dissolved in water makes it extremely easy to ensure that you're getting adequate hydration and adequate electrolytes. To make sure that I'm getting proper amounts of hydration and electrolytes, I dissolve one packet of element in about 16 to 32 ounces of water when I wake up in the morning and I drink that basically first thing in the morning. I also drink element dissolved in water during any kind of physical exercise that I'm doing, especially on hot days when I'm sweating a lot and therefore losing a lot of water and electrolytes. They have a bunch of different great tasting flavors of element. They have watermelon, citrus, et cetera. Frankly I love them all. And now that we're in the winter months in the northern hemisphere element has their chocolate medley flavors back in stock. I really like the chocolate flavors, especially the chocolate mint when it's heated up. So you put in hot water and that's a great way to replenish electrolytes and hydrate, especially when it's cold and dry outside when hydration is especially critical. If you'd like to try Element, you can go to drink element.com/huberman to claim a free element sample pack with the purchase of any element drink mix. Again, that's drink element.com/huberman to claim a free sample pack.


Today's episode is also brought to us by Joovv. Joovv makes medical grade red light therapy devices. Now if there's one thing that I have consistently emphasized on this podcast, it is the incredible impact that light can have on our biology. Now in addition to sunlight, red light and near infrared light sources have been shown to have positive effects on improving numerous aspects of cellar and organ health, including faster muscle recovery, improved skin health and wound healing, improvements in acne, reduced pain and inflammation, even mitochondrial function and improving vision itself. What sets Joovv Lights apart and why they're my preferred red light therapy device is that they use clinically proven wavelengths, meaning specific wavelengths of red light and near infrared light in combination to trigger the optimal seller adaptations. Personally, I use the Joovv whole body panel about three to four times a week and I use the Joovv handheld light both at home and when I travel. If you'd like to try Joovv, you can go to Joovv spelled JOOV v.com/huberman. Joovv is offering an exclusive discount to all Huberman Lab listeners with up to $400 off Joovv products. Again, that's Joovv spelled JOOV v.com/huberman to get up to $400 off.


Based on what you just told us about Franco's training and, and the rest seems that shorter training cycles might be advantageous even just conceptually and and practically, like I, I've tended to break up my year into 12 to 16 week training cycles. Been doing that for a long time and now that I'm 49, this is the year that I decided I was gonna start modifying my training a bit because certain little things aren't working for me as well. Okay, you might laugh, I'm actually curious whether or not you'll laugh or approve. I switched at some point to using the belt squat, these belt squat platforms. I just feel like that you May wanna explain that. Yeah, The belt squat is essentially you stand on a platform, so you're on, unfortunately you're on display for everybody there, but that's not why I do it.


You step up onto a platform, sometimes it's called a pit shark Rogue makes a belt belt squat. There are other ones of course have no relation to any of those companies and you wear a big thick lifting belt, but it's kind of sagging in the front and then you as If you were gonna attach a weight to it. But you attach yourself to, usually it's a cable or a, or a lever between your legs. Sounds scary, but that lever or cable can drop below the level of the platform you're standing on and you can load up quite a bit of weight on this. What I love about it is you can get very vertical If you want or a just a little bit of forward tilt 'cause you can place your fingers on the, on the handles. You can grip them If you like. The point being, there's a lot of degrees of freedom in terms of stance and I like that you're not loading the shoulders.


True. I I, you know, I don't wanna sound like a wuss, but I'll do it. You know, I, I moved from standard squats, back squats to front squats, then to hack squats. And then now I've been playing around a lot with the belt squat. I'm really enjoying it. 'cause you can go really deep, you can blast out of the bottom position, you can load up lots of plates on there If you have the strength to do so without the feeling that you're just compressing your whole spine. Okay. Or worrying about dropping the weight. So I'm enjoying working with it. I love your thoughts on belt squats. True. But in general, I, I am hearing you and I'm thinking that moving away from this 12 to 16 week cycles is gonna be advantageous because what I'm finding is that it's hard to account for life events in that way and and plan training and travel and all this.


But four weeks is kind of a manageable thing. This month this is what I'm gonna do. And of course the months work together. The body doesn't know the difference between February and and March as it were. Well, California doesn't it Other places It does. It does. Right, exactly. The seasonal cycles are real elsewhere. But I'm thinking shorter training cycles might, might be a, a strong conceptual and practical framework. And yeah, I'd love your thoughts on both of those. The belt squat or a, a legwork that's nons spine compressing and shorter training cycles as a general theme that people might think of incorporating into their training. The belt squat and this legwork that's not spine compressing. I'm going to address healthy people like yourself.


So if somebody has medical restrictions, you gotta do belt squat because the doctor says, so that's what you gotta do. As long as you are also addressing the rest of your procedure chain. As long as you're training your lower back, your upper back, obviously your neck, which obviously you're doing that and in some other manner, if there's absolutely no problem with that. So let's say you're doing some shrug pools or something, you got that taken care of or you're doing some deadlifts. And also for powerlifters, what powerlifters do, it's a tactic is when you're training the same lift, especially If you train the same lift very frequently, there is always that that Heterochronicity something is not catching up quite as fast. So you're going deadlifting and your hands are beat up, you straps, you know, or you come and do the deadlifting and your back feels like, well it's time to deadlift my back, my back is not quite ready.


Well you could go do a narrow sumo or something like that. So there are ways of modifying things this way. So you are able to, if let's say you hit some hard deadlifts or hard squats and you need some additional legwork, sure you don't need any extra stimulation for your upper back and mid back. However, If you are a person who has more of a minimalist who has fewer exercises, then you just can't afford that because then you're gonna have to do some additional exercises. You're gonna do something else. So may I suggest for listeners and viewers who do zercher squats, again a fantastic exercise. It does not beat up your shoulders, it does not build up your elbows or your wrists.


It may leave some bruises, you know, but it's okay. You can live with that. And does that answer with the bell squats? Yeah. And by the way, machines in general, here's also very interesting observation about machines. Machines are very useful for advanced trainees and fairly useless for beginners. No, I Love that you said that. I barely touched machines early on in my training. I dare I say call it a career. Yeah, but I've been doing it for more than 30 years. So I'll call it a A stage run. It's a good run. Yeah, it's a decent run. But If you, but imagine, but imagine the scenarios what people do, what do people do? Oh, it's safer. Get in, climb into this machine right there.


You're not developing any stabilizer. So you get outta this machine, you get crushed somewhere. But on the other hand, If you are more, If you are more advanced lifter, so like you know, Marty Gallagher, one of the top power lifting coaches in the world, he might recommend leg presses in a very specific deadlift stance to a lifter. And this is going to increase strength on your leg drive without beating up your back, but you're already doing your deadlifts. You can definitely do that. So advanced lifters may make a good use of machines and they don't need to be taught how to do that. They can figure it out. But beginners really should just use exclusively free weights. I'm not saying everybody should just squat, bench deadlift, kettlebell snatch and this and that.


No, there's a large menu of exercise to choose from. But you gotta choose just from that menu where you discover the weight that's free, that's truly, truly free. Shall we move on to the cycle? Shorter cycle? Yeah, the shorter cycle, A lot of it depends on the type of programming that you do. So the type of progression that you use. So if I may, may I step to the side on that. So in Strength Training you can look at the typical Linear progression. We just progressively increase the weight. It only works for beginners, obviously. You look at the Wave Progression where you know you're going up for a while then backing up and they going up again.


And interestingly enough, in this classic American cycle, there's a wave there, even though the weights keep going up every week. But If you, If you did a set of five with 500 pounds on, on the fourth week of your fives and then you went to five 20 for triple five, 20 for triple is a lot easier. So there is a deload built in there, just people don't realize it. So it is a form of wave loading as well. Then there's also the Step Loading. Step Loading is a very interesting way of going about it. And I believe it's the preferred programming choice for do it yourself. People who not necessarily aspire to records but want to train in a very simple manner.


And Step Loading pretty much means where you start out, it's kinda like reverse. Think of George Castanza approach to progressive overload, right? So it's like regressive overload. Do the opposite instead of starting light and going heavy or start fairly heavy and then stay with it and then stay with it and stay with that until it becomes fairly, fairly low light. And then increase in that case you're staying this longer. So that's a good approach for less experienced people. More exp there are limitations, advanced athletes run into limitations of this method. And finally there is a Variable Overload, which is what's used in the Soviet weightlifting system and later in Russian powerlifting.


And there's no progression there at all. It is just based on pure ity irregularity. So it's like imagine muscle confusion, but the smart kind and Nervous System confusion where lows whiplash like at least 20% every time in volume from session to session or week to week and exercise air changes and so on. So there's no progression whatsoever. So if you're using a fairly conventional Linear or Wave Progression, the shortest cycle is generally a good idea, at least for older lifters. Like in using the American power lifting experience. Older lifters, looking back at Ernie France, Rika Crane, Rika Crane especially who passed recently, unfortunately.


So they were observing how an older lifter can't afford to start as light because he ends up losing ground too much and he can't afford to go as heavy as well or not for long. So they pretty much switch to Shorter Cycles. Something like eight, eight week cycles, even possibly six week cycles. So it's, it's a legit, it's a legit approach. But there are many different ways obviously because you're looking at the, at the big picture, you kind of have to look at it, you know, from up close and from and from afar. But overall, I'd say yes if for older and more experienced lifters, it's a, it's a good idea. Great. Most people I think, who do resistance training these days would like to also have some degree of cardiovascular fitness.


In fact, I think one of the great things that's happened in the last five to 10 years is that most everybody, men, women, we can talk about kids in kid training, but adult men and women are thinking about muscle, the importance of having muscle and being strong in particular as part of their Longevity and health. True. This is a great progression. That's so very different than when I was growing up where the only people, at least in American gyms that lifted were preseason football players, bodybuilders and, and maybe a few other, you know, niche groups. Yeah. But now things have really changed. Earlier we were talking about what, you know, why the Soviet system and training for strength is, has been the tradition and here why things are just so different in how we conceptualize the resistance training.


And I'll just go out on a limb and say what I believe and have thought for a long time, which is that what screwed up everything in terms of people's conceptualization about how to use resistance is Bodybuilding that, you know, and I mean no knock against people that want to make bigger muscles, but that was A screw up number one. Yeah. That was, yeah. It, it seems to be that the idea is, you know, you go to the gym multiple times per week, you get a pump. I mean this notion of the pump, like it always feel, it feels aversive to me. Not the pump itself, but when people talk about it, it, it just feels a little inappropriate. Like let's get a pump. Like it just feels weird when people say that in any event. But this whole notion of just flushing the, the, the, the muscle with blood and getting it to, you know, sure you get some window into your potential future self If you go home and, and eat a bunch of food and sleep.


But somehow it, it's so unathletic Sure. In its approach. And I have friends who've done competitive Bodybuilding and that sort of thing. Not too many, but, so I've, I've respect for the sport at some level, but I feel like the way it's spilled over into quote unquote gym culture has done equal harm and good. And, and what I like so much about your work is that it's really about Strength as a skill. Strength as a, an asset for Longevity. Yeah. And I guess when I think about somebody who wants to be strong, somebody who wants to be healthy, I also have to ask, should people be training for strength and endurance, like the two opposite ends of the spectrum? 'cause it seems to me that would be the answer.


Great question. As opposed to what most people do, which is, hey, I'm gonna go to the gym, maybe I'll push a sled and then I'll, oh no, I'll do some kettlebell Swings and then I'll also do some pull ups and then I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna like take a picture of my tricep in the mirror. I mean it just seems like while it's better than doing nothing yeah, it's clearly not making America that much healthier. And I just think there's such a vast landscape of opportunity in training for strength and endurance, but they seem at such odds Sure. With one another for most people. So maybe we could just kind of throw up on the, on the whiteboard here. This notion of training to get strong Strength is a Skill. Strength is something that's valuable for Longevity. I think we touched on that a little bit earlier.


And then endurance the ability to carry two suitcases to the airplane without coughing up along at the end. Also the ability to take a hike with your partner or your kids, maybe actually have a backpack on your back and not have to stop every 50 paces. Sure. Just being a fit overall bet person. You bet. Which one, forgive me for the duration of this question, but when, when travels to Europe, I haven't spent too much time in Eastern Europe, but when you get over to, you know, Switzerland or Austria, you, you see people who are strong and they have endurance. I mean, I imagine a Sherpa is strong with endurance as well, right? By the way, Sherpa are really messed up. Their mitochondria truly messed up. This is excessive hypoxia. It's very interesting. Their metabolism is quite severely anaerobic.


It's very weird. Oh, weird. They're, they markers of oxidative stress is really, really high. But, sorry, that's off Topic. No, no, we can touch on that. 'cause it's interesting. People who live at altitude and Up to a certain point. Mm, Denver is good. The Himalaya is not good. Okay, well yeah, I have Scandinavian relatives and, and you go to Denmark or, or Sweden or Norway and you just look at these people are so healthy, their posture is great, they're strong and they're not spending a lot of time in gyms. Sometimes they are. So what's going on in terms of strength and endurance and maybe how Bodybuilding and this notion of building muscle has perhaps caused some issues that we need to help people.


Reconceptualize Once again, several great questions. Let's talk about Bodybuilding and then before getting to Endurance what you said, it's, it's absolutely true, but I'd say that's, there are different types of Bodybuilding. If you look at Bodybuilding historically it was guys were strong. I've had the honor of knowing some golden age Arab bodybuilders like Franco Colomba and Dave Draper and Clarence Bass. And these guys were formidable. They were not just pretty boys. They were absolutely extremely strong. So I think something happened in the culture where bodybuilders stopped, stopped valuing strength, some bodybuilders, there's still, there's still a number of guys out there who are following traditional methods and they are strong.


Also, interestingly enough, the Bro Split, you know, hit once a muscle, a muscle once a week. It's not necessarily bad If you again, follow more of a into this classic American power lifting model. So instead of training three times a week, you train five, you know, in addition to your squad day, deadlift day, bench day, you can have shoulders day and arms day and whatever, but you go heavy. You know, look at Reg Park, you know, with his sets of five. And If you focus, If you emphasize this medium reps, and again, Soviets eventually came to the conclusion that for strength you should stick in the one to six repetition range and you shouldn't do a lot of singles and doubles.


Three and four should predominate, but four, and especially fives and sixes, this is where you get both Hypertrophy strengths. That's that beautiful combination. And fives have a great tradition, American power lifting as well. If you train with fives, you're gonna get muscle and you're going to get strengths and you're not gonna complicate things. So there are some bodybuilders out there who train in this particular manner and they're fantastically strong. Just not many of them unfortunately. But I also would like to add that there's another influence that messed things up. I would take the bros of the nineties with the big bench press in the chicken legs to these guys who stand on balls and juggle oranges and whatever the hell they're doing.


I, I mean this, the idea is, so there's the concept of neuroplasticity, which obviously you know so much more than I about that, that's always thrown her out. Oh, you need variety. And so they throw every circus trick at the, at these poor clients. And by the way, I use the word clients purposefully, like at strong first at our school of strength, we have students because hair salons of clients. But in that world they're definitely clients. Well, today you're going to stand on one foot and then you're going to pull on this cable and then tomorrow you're gonna kneel and you're gonna do this kind of thing. While as symmetrical loading and symmetry are absolutely something that's needed under certain condition, you need to do it in a professional way.


Like If you look gray cook gray cook's work gray will tell you, just get yourself symmetrical and start lifting instead of resort to this unlimited, what colleague of mine, Mark Griffin called random x of variety. So I'd say that's the other, there are way too many choices. And when there are no constraints, when everything's available, you go to a store, everything's available, you don't know what to pick. And you can stick with that. So that's, that's a very big problem I would say. So I would say the less time people spend on the internet, unless you know you're looking up research papers or doing something else valuable or fine watching, good movie, that's all right. So unless you're looking up a research paper or watching a movie, forget about it.


Or your podcast or my website. That's it. The rest of it is off limits. But strengths and endurance, endurance is a very broad term. And if we talk about, let's talk a little bit about training for athletes for endurance. And let's talk maybe a little bit for the general population we're trying to do for health and again, for just going for a hike. So the endurance of being able to do triathlon or swim a very long distance, the adaptations are primarily taking place in the slow fibers. And you have some very specific adaptations to the capillaries and the mitochondria.


So many things, but in a very specific way. And that's not going to help you. Let's say If you're a fighter, it's happened over and over where a guy who's been a marathoner, he takes up M and a MMA and he starts getting gased really rapidly because while he has his slow fibers can keep going forever, but not at the intensity that's required for this particular sport. So, and also we're talking about there's endurance that's peripheral and central. So you're talking about obviously your heart, you're talking about your lungs, you're talking about the plumbing, but then you're also talking about the extraction and use of the oxygen, which is huge. And it's totally different. It can be trained with the same methods, but adaptations are very different.


So then when people realize that, well let's start smoking these MMA guys and martial arts guys and BGHA guys, let's just make them puke. And that's going to improve the Endurance and it does improve the endurance, but a very high cost. So in the Soviet sports science, there's a term, the Cost of Adaptation comes from Felix Maya. He was, well re a cardio pathologist originally, but later again, his research, the research and stress is amazing. So there's the Cost of Adaptation and it's the same thing as pretty much as buying a, buying a car or table. You can get the same table for for a lower price or you can pay the top dollar so you can increase your strength while at the same time blowing your back out.


Or you can increase your VO two max while getting a resume in the process, or you can do it in a healthy way. So one of the issues you have to look at, they trying to lower the biological cost of the adaptation. So in Strength Training, we do that by very careful and not training hard too often. So again, the American system's, two weeks out of four, the Soviet system pretty much the same. Although the planning, the planning is gonna be different. First, if we look at the cardiovascular adaptations, the before we, before we're looking into the, into the mitochondria and into the muscle, most of the work should be done below the threshold pretty much.


So what's the threshold? So for runners, let's say you're running and you're able to maintain a conversation and when you start running too fast and you cannot maintain the conversation, you pass the threshold, it's like you're going faster and you're breathing harder linearly and suddenly it goes like this, like a hockey stick. So at that point your body's no longer able to process all that acid and things are starting to get hard. So there are certain implications, there are certain implications for your muscles, for sure. We'll discuss that in a few minutes. But for your heart, there are two things. We're primarily trying to train. One, we're trying to train the stroke volume. So pretty much how much blood the heart can pump out with each contraction.


And it's a very simple thing to do. You get up to like, you know, 70 to 70 to 85% of your maximal heart rate. So the heart starts stretching literally. So ka, so this blood is incoming and the heart starts stretching and it requires volume. Some to the defense riders, they might throw the, throw the food in the back of the cycle and they ride all day because that's what they've gotta do. And that's requires that adaptation for people who just do for health, you don't need to do that much. You know, 30, 40 minutes several times a week is enough, but for a high level you have to stretch the heart.


If you start red lining the heart rate, the heart starts twitching. So there's no time for it to, to fully, to fully relax and stretch. You are no longer really increasing your stroke volume and what you're doing right now, you're strengthening your rejection fraction, which is like the strength of the heart, which is needed for athletes whose sport require red lining heart rate. You know, if you're a fighter, If you are a 400 meter runner, you absolutely need to do that. But what they found, it went back to German research going to decades later. And then the Soviet research, if you start red lining your heart rate before you have that volume that you put in and built up the stroke volume, you are just heading for pathology.


So there are arrhythmias, there's all sorts of different things that, that, the AFib, all sorts of things that can start happening that are bad. And also your performance is not gonna be very high because again, your stroke volume is not there. And even for athletes who do that, they should do it for a very short period of time. It's just too stressful and it's just not needed. Typically it's a peak, it's peaking phase for some weeks before leading up to the competition. So pretty much steady state, steady state I exercise like riding a cycle or jogging or hiking when you're still able to talk, it's the best, most efficient and healthiest way to, to promote that quality when you're increasing your heart stroke volume.


If you decide to get a little more intense at some point, Interval Training is appropriate. But unfortunately that's completely and totally messed up and misunderstood. It's like a catchall term, high intensity Interval Training. And Brent Haw, a professor outta San Diego said, this is nonsense. This term is a nonsense. What does it even mean? Like what's high intensity? And also, here's a question, what does low intensity Interval Training, going back to taking, taking a, a step to the side. But that discussion will help us when we discuss what happens in the muscle terminology. So there are different Rest Periods between sets. There is, there is the ordinary rest period.


So, which means you pretty much recover your function. It's like you're just as strong or just as enduring as, as from the previous set. There is the supramax rest period. When you, if you're asked extra, sometimes you get some extra performance out of it. And there is this stress rest period when the next set is gonna be harder. Your performance may or may not be compromised, but it's gonna be harder. So with the ordinary stress or ordinary Rest Periods, that is called in track, it's called repeat training, you know, so you're around a hundred meters, then you rest for, you know, whatever, 10, 15 minutes as long as you need longer possibly. Then you repeat it again and your performance stay this way.


Interval Training again is established. It just means that things are gonna get worse from set to set. So that's the definition of Interval Training. The irony is the Interval Training was designed to increase the intensity of exercise while re reducing the demands on the body. So If you look at the works of work of Fox and Edwards there pioneers of ventral training in the United States, they gave some great examples. So let's say you're running for 30 seconds and you're at this speed and you're gonna produce this much acid and your heart rate's gonna be this high. Well, If you run for 10 seconds with short periods in between at the same speed, you are going to produce the last less acid and your heart rate's not gonna climb to the stratosphere.


And that type of training is very, very useful. And Interval Training can be used for promoting any type of adaptation. You can use it for Hypertrophy. So here's, here's one training method I learned from my colleague, Fabi Oin. It was designed by Professor Maseroni and Italian Mr. Universe and professor, okay, you take 80% of your one rep max. So let's say presumably eight rep max, set a five rest for 30 seconds, set a five rest for 30 seconds. If you cannot do it anymore, you're done. And then you come back maybe 10 minutes later, do it again. That's an example of Interval Training again. I see. And you can structure Interval Training to, for adaptations within the muscle, a mitochondria.


And you can also do that for your heart. So here's how you do it for the heart today. There are a lot of fancy popular protocols. But all you have to do is go back to what Germans did many decades ago. Here's the premise. Your vegetative system, your heart, your lungs, your plumbing, they have inertia. So for example, imagine yourself as a kid, you run really, really hard. You know, you run for, you know, a hundred meters or something or less maybe, and everything's fine. And then you're talking to your body and suddenly you start sucking with, so that's an example of, of this inertia. So If you get your heart rate up to about 85 to 90%, one rev max, and then you suddenly switch to jogging, you don't wanna stop because that's just way too, way too hard for your heart without getting that venous return from muscles working.


What happens is the heart slows down, but there's that blood keeps on moving and the blood literally stretches the walls of the heart. I see. So sprint perhaps a hundred, 200, 300, 400 meters and then jog back. Traditionally it was not quite a sprint. The duration would be typical 60 to 90. Second the intensity as such that you get up to top off at 85, 90% of your heart rate max, something like that. And then you jog until your heart rate goes goes to about 60, 70%. So that's roughly about the same probably. And that to look things up, it's like German Interval Training that was done.


It is based on very definite physiological events. Like this is what the heart does, this is what we're trying to do with the heart. And as a, instead of inventing some things that are just simply trash the body for no reason whatsoever. And part of the problem also Andrew, is it's very easy to get misled by quick gains. So, and it happens in strengths world and in endurance world, let's, let's remember the, the years when you and I and every other male listener bench press their max once a week, you're strong. Next week you're stronger. Third week you're stronger.


Like you're doing the math, you're doing the math. Like, okay, well I should be setting the national record by Christmas and maybe I'll be going into the worlds by, by summer. And then at six weeks you're done. And for experienced athletes happen sooner, like after three weeks. The same thing with endurance. When you start doing glycolytic work, when you start redlining heart rate and increasing the assets, your performance jumps so quickly. It's very contagious. It's like, oh, not contagious. Pardon me. It's very exciting and you think that you're gonna keep going forever, but you really absolutely will not. So for, If you want to train for, If you want to train your heart, a good way of doing that is steady state work.


If you decide to do some sort of intermittent, intermittent work, there are several different ways. One is intermittent exercise that's more of a repeat in nature, not interval, which is very bizarre to people. Let's say that you go moderately hard for 10 seconds, you go easy for 10 seconds and you do this for 30 to 60 minutes. Imagine doing that. That's good work. It is good work. But you know what would be shocking to you that you're not going to produce that much as, or you can not red line. Your red line, your heart rate better would be like, like 10 seconds of work, 20 seconds of rest. That, that would be fascinating research that Swedes did back in the fifties and sixties on that.


It's amazing If you keep the work periods short, you are able to not produce a lot of acid, but just go very, very hard and you're gonna be able to train your heart on your lungs in this manner too. You can also do, and you also have peripheral adaptations in the muscles of mitochondria and so on, muscularity. So some capitalization happening too. But you know, it's also interesting, there's one particular type of, I hate the fact that it falls onto the intensity Interval Training umbrella because it's not, 'cause everything that's sounds like hit, that's not good to me because it's just made up label. But there's one type of training that delivers great benefits to your cardio respiratory system.


And at the same time it also does that for, you know, for your mitochondria and even builds muscle in the same time. In track it is called Glycolytic Power repeats. And in the last 20 years there were several good papers that were done on that. Dalberg master, I think, pardon me if I'm mispronouncing their names, but pretty much you do wingate like a 30 seconds of heart exercise followed by approximately five minutes of rest. And you repeat it several times. Here's what's unique about this, this type of method, it gets your heart rate up to about that 85, 85, 90% or something.


Then you're gonna walk it off after that. So you are going to get adaptations for your heart. It's not the most effective way, but it's for healthy people, it's a healthy way in it's very efficient way. At the same time, we'll discuss later what happens in the mitochondrial level, but also what's interesting, you're also likely to get, build some muscle as well. And typically there is the conflict we, which we're getting to this point about like strength versus endurance. Typically there's a conflict of strength versus endurance because you know, if you're looking in the mTOR on one side, A MPK, on the other side, things seem to be like, okay, this is pulling one way, this is pulling the other way.


But somehow this particular load while promoting peripheral and central Endurance also Endurance, at least in the fast, in the fast and intermediate fibers also does promote Muscle Growth. Interesting. And what sort of exercise? This is not sprints, this would be kettlebell Swings. For instance, In, in the studies that were done, they used wing gates, they use cycle, they they cycled sprinting. If you are a going uphill, you could certainly do that sprint because this 30 Seconds is hard. Yes, you, you're Go, you're pushing, you're pushing. Yeah, going on a track, it's too easy to get something messed up. So going uphill, you can do that. We do it with kettlebells. We did this work in my first Kettle Bell school over 20 years ago where we would do a set of, you take a heavy Kettle Bell, moderately heavy Kettle Bell like you know, for, you know, for you or me to be like a 70 pounder.


And we would snatch it really hard for a set of 20, 25 reps and then we just jog till the heart rate comes down and then we take this leisurely power lifting rest and we're gonna do it again. And it's a fantastic way to promote various aspects of fitness. So you're gonna get in cardiovascular Endurance, you're gonna have get peripheral adaptations, Endurance in the muscle and you're also building muscle at the same time. The reasons for that, here's the theory again, all we, all the conversations we have about this is what happens in the muscle. All these are theories. We, we know pretty much if we do X we're gonna get get, you know, Z whatever or y some kind of result at this point.


But we may not necessarily know for sure. So the following is another one of the theories, but it's another good credible one. So this is Professor Vito. So according to him the preconditions for Muscle Growth, in addition to the obvious like food and food and things and hormones. So when you reach a certain level of acidosis, only a certain level of acidosis, not necessarily very high, that those hydrogen ions will make the membrane permeable to the hormones. So they're gonna enter and go into the nucleus and start doing their job. So that's one of the part of the explanation. Then at the same time also the free creatine, when creatine phosphate, that hot fuel gets burnt off.


That's also anabolic for one reason or another. So there's some explanations, whether that's how it is or not, I don't know. But the fact is doing a hard 30 42nd set followed by a very generous rest, we're talking about five, 10 minutes and repeating it five times possibly more. It it works very, very well.


I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our Sponsor, Maui Nui Nui Venison, Maui Nui Nui Venison is the most nutrient dense and delicious red meat available. Now I've spoken before on this podcast with several expert guests on nutrition about the fact that most of us should be getting one gram of quality protein per pound of body weight every single day. Now, not only does that protein provide critical building blocks for things like muscle repair and synthesis, but also for your overall metabolism and health. Eating enough quality protein each day is also a terrific way to stave off hunger and reduce sugar cravings. One of the key things, however, is to make sure that you get enough quality protein without ingesting too many calories. Maui Nui new venison has an extremely high quality protein per calorie ratio, so that getting one gram of protein per pound of body weight is both easy and doesn't cause you to ingest an excess of calories. Also, Maui Nui Nui venison is extremely delicious. They have venison steaks, ground venison and venison bone broth. They also have a terrific venison jerky that's super convenient. I probably eat a Maui Nui Nui venison burger pretty much every day and I'll swap that for a Maui Nui Nui steak every once in a while and I'll snack on the jerky whenever I need extra protein and I don't have time for a full meal. Right now. Maui Nui Nui is offering Huberman podcast listeners a limited collection of my favorite cuts of venison and their products. It's perfect for anyone looking to improve their diet with delicious high quality protein supplies are limited. So make sure to go to Maui Nui Nui venison.com/huberman to get access to this high quality venison today. Again, that's Maui Nui Nui venison.com/huberman.


What should I do during my Rest Periods? Alright, well first of all, whenever your heart rate is high, the very first thing is to not to suddenly stop because you want to, there are valve one way valves in the veins that whenever you contract the muscles of the legs, they help to milk the blood back through to the heart. So basically they reduce the stress on the heart. So we just walk it off first, the first step if, if your heart rate was high, then the second thing is you want to do exercises, you want to do relaxation, my relaxation, muscle relaxation exercise, what they are is If you watch boxers, how they, you know, shake off their, shake off their shoulders and drop, drop their hands and do things like that.


These exercises go back to the 30th. Soviets used them since their thirties and they used them with elite athletes, kids in grade schools and everybody. So these exercises serve several functions. One is If you are doing an exercise that is strength exercise in nature, some of the cross bridges are stuck pretty much. And so your muscle is a thicko tropic, it's like gel. So by moving your muscle in a passive manner, you get, you get it unstuck and so you restore circulation obviously. And the other reason is, again, control of muscular tension is very, very important. It's important to learn how to contract the muscle for strikes.


It's very important how to relax for speed, for endurance, just for happy life. If you look at the best sprinters, know how relaxed their faces are when they're on their jaws, relax how relaxed their necks are. So relaxation is something that's practiced just like tension. So regardless of what exercise that you just did shaking off, we call this fast and loose drills shaking like passive, like turn your muscles to fat. So you wanna do this for a little bit. Then after that it, it depends how long is your rest. So if you're taking, and depends what exactly this you're doing. In some extreme examples, let's say that you're a sprinter. I remember we talked like doing sprint repeats, but let's say a hundred meters and then 15 minutes, you think, wow, sounds like a great, great training session.


Well the problem is these guys do need these 15 minutes to get the asset out of the system and have some other functions to recover. But after a couple minutes, the CNS excitability goes down. So what the Soviets figured out back in the forties still is what you do. Then after you walked it off, after you shook it off you here and there, you insert some very kinda like enlight and easy hops or whatever using the same muscle groups. So these poor athletes really have a complicated rest protocol. There's really no no rest for the wicked there. If you are a lifter who's taking very long Rest Periods in between, let's say you take those 10 minutes, then after your heart rate is down and after you shook off and after you walk to the league, you can just sit down, you can do whatever you want.


Do not sit a slouch because obviously Stu McGill explained why that's not a good idea. And speaking of slouching, one reason that runners get their backs jacked up after running or some endurance event is again, they go into their knees and they, you know, get into that collapsed posture and their discs are really pliable and warm after they run and then suddenly put 'em into flexion and they get messed up. So yeah, you also gotta, like you point out to watch our posture, but you really gotta watch your posture during recovery because you slump between your sets of squats and then you know, you could blow something out right there. Interesting. I used to think that I would, I have this recurring sort of lower back hip thing that I finally, I feel is under control and I used to think that it correlated with travel and something about maybe not sleeping as well and traveling perhaps.


But what I've noticed is even if I just sit too much after training, yeah my legs hard, I end up with this back issue. So just moving to standing desk configuration after training legs irrespective of travel has really helped. And I think, I mean nowadays there's all this excitement about walking. I don't know If you, you know, I don't know how much time you spend on Social Media, but like walking's the news thing for 2024. Okay. You know, people discovered walking to lower, you know, okay, post-meal blood glucose, I mean all sure stuff that was very healthy of it's intuitive. Great thing to do. We'll see what happens in 2025 with the what the news, what's the next Housing. And I'm, I'm a fan of walking, but in no small part because it just feels like it loosens up everything after training. And I like to train early in the day if possible.


And I noticed a, a dramatic reduction in kind of aches and, and and strains as a fall Attitude. Well, so the thing you can do, I remember when I watched your podcast with Stu McGill, you mentioned that the upward facing dog, Cobra Cobra helps you, right? Yeah. Putting yourself an Extension leading into extension. Yeah. So for people who, for whom that works, it's you can just lie on the lie on the floor in your elbows and just read a book. So for example, add strong first courses when people do exercise and then we teach them. So we have several authorized postures. So you either have to sit ro straight, you know, you can sit in a Lotus or CAA or something like that, or you can, you know, half kneel still upright or you can lie on your stomach.


So we do not allow this, this collapsed posture because this is a great, great way to get hurt. Plus, you know, you look like a slacker when you're a slacker mentally you're not gonna be focused on whatever you're supposed to be doing. So I think that's, I think that's a good idea. And to bring us back to, do you wanna talk a little bit about the peripheral adaptations from endurance Please? Yeah. Okay. And then maybe we can talk about like what should people, what should people do who are not athletes? So a much bigger thing than the VO O2 max is the adaptations, the ability of your muscles to extract and use the oxygen. So this again called this revolution Anti Glycolytic Revolution comes from also Uriva kansky.


Again, he's known as the father of biometrics, but he's so much more than that. And back in 1980 he looked at the typical Endurance Training protocols and he says, okay, everything, everybody's trying to push the athlete to the greatest degree of discomfort and make the athlete accustomed to that degree of discomfort. And he says that that's just wrong. Instead we need to figure out how to postpone the fatigue and how to fight the mechanism that produce the fatigue. And it says glycolysis and aerobic glycolysis is the primary cause of that. We could split a lot of hairs, whether it's, you know, it's the glycolysis itself or it's the acid from coming from a TP breakdown or whether it's non-organic or whatever.


But whatever it is, it always happens when the acidosis is running high, when acid becomes high. So that doesn't really matter which, which exact exact factor is. So he figured out you need to promote aerobic metabolism in the working muscle fibers. So he decided that Endurance Training for for high level athletes and people who are not athletes, it'll apply to you as well, has to be specific. That's exactly why like that, that marathon runner who joined the M and A MMA class and then sucking wind, he's endurance is totally not specific. Here's an example of specific endurances where you're using the same muscle fibers in your sport and in a mode that's consistent with that sport.


So shanki would have people like skiers for example, do this very long, push off on the ski and then glide, push off and glide and yeah, who came after him. So an example of that, you have this really powerful contraction of the muscles that are using in your sport. And then there's that relaxation during which the muscle recovers is it's myoglobin oxygen, that there's a small amount of oxygen in the muscle and it requires that creatine phosphate fuel that is used for that short term. So pretty much instead of relying on that acid producing metabolism, glycolytic metabolism that you start using on one hand to use lifter's metabolism, you know, creatine phosphate, that's what fuels, you know, a set of three reps and on the other you are using this marathon runners or aerobic metabolism.


So you're like putting GSIs in a vase. And a great example of that comes from Shanki is not the only one he came up with this idea, it's been reinvented by others. So in boxing, Leon spins to the viewers who don't know who he is. Leon Spins was a professional boxing world champion and he defeated Muhammad Ali amongst among others. So he was a great champion and he hired Arthur Ledyard, who was a great running coach from New Zealand to work in his conditioning and Ledyard had him do work in the heavy bag for an hour and a half to two hours nonstop.


And he says, no, of course you're not going all out sometimes harder, but you're definitely not tapping the bag, you're not shadow boxing. And so if you're putting your muscle fibers in a very specific metabolic window into it over and over and over that they start adapting to it fast fibers start developing mitochondria, fast fibers start developing capillaries fast fibers don't lose their strength, but they start developing the plumbing and the ability to use the oxidative system to recover rapidly. But going back to again this larger Periodization idea is when you start with a new stimulus, it's your body's highly reactive, but the resistance is low, you cannot take much of it.


Then that teeter totter goes the other way, you'll no longer. So you have to figure out how to restore that reactivity and different training systems do it differently. I see, I see. So an example of the American power lifting system, you basically go, go lighter, start over with a lightweight. So you decondition yourself purposefully like two steps forward, one step back. And that's another example would be to use what the Soviets called specialized variety. And this is something that you could see in the Soviet weightlifting system with mid vef and Alexia vegf, one of the scientists and coaches and also the west side barbell power lifting club. So specialized variety as opposed to random variety is when you have the same lift and with just very slight modifications.


So the motor program, the intention stays the same. But again, imagine that instead of deadlifting deadlifting from the platform, you're deadlifting standing on a off a plate. So just slightly increase the range of motion, but you're still doing the same thing. Or imagine that you bring your grip in the bench, press a couple of inches in, or imagine that you use a block just as a popular exercise in power lifting. You put a, like imagine putting a brick on your chest, something the size of a brick, lowering it to that pausing and pressing back to work, that very specific sticking point. So you're still benching.


So what you're doing is you're resum, you are resolving this conflict between accommodation and specificity. And like you, on one hand it's novel, but on the other hand it's really, it's like same but different. It's a very good tactic. It requires, it requires the knowledge of knowledge of the iron game. It's not some, because If you go from the bench press to the military press or Dips, you might see improvement but or might not because that's not specialized variety anymore. But If you look at like in mid, when he coached the national team for these clean and jerk and snatch for the two comp competitive lifts, they had 100 variations.


Wow. But all these variations were like, okay, so now we're snatching from hang, now we're snatching from blocks, now we're jerking from direct. Do you see what I mean? They're all, this reminds me of, this reminds me of this humorous book about Scandinavians written by a Scandinavian explaining how very different, different Scandinavians are. And so this book has pictures of the same guy wearing different sweater Sounds about right. So yeah, that's My Scandinavian relatives will chuckle at that. I feel like one of the, I'm, again, I'm not trying to point out the the ills of of the fitness culture, but I feel like if I were to put up on a wall, the two or three things that have caused the most confusion and, and you know, reduction in people's potential results from fitness would be seeking the pump as its own thing and seeking soreness as its own thing.


And then confusing, panting hard and sweating a lot with intensity. Yeah. You know, I feel like those three things, you know, people think I had a great workout or my new trainer is, you know, I finished just completely depleted, you know this. And then these are the same people that are complaining about an injury or they quit or they don't have the motivation because you know, they, they're not taking whatever pre-workout is required to generate that kind of quote unquote intensity. I'm not looking for agreement, but would you agree or disagree? I mean, you know, I agree. And then maybe by comparison we could sort of throw up on the wall the things that we should be seeking when we train as opposed to these kind of, you know what, Before I answer this question, since we're talking about the peripheral adaptations, you made a great point about seeking pump.


I'm gonna give you great example how when not seeking pump is gonna do so can deliver great adaptation for you. So do you remember that idea of punching the bag for an hour, let's say, or two hours? That's how that promotes mitochondrial and endurance. Developing the fast which fibers that can also be done with strength exercises as well for wrestlers and MMA fighters. So you can do the bench press, you can do bench press and develop Endurance in your fast fit Tish fibers. The nature of Endurance is very, very peculiar. You know, in team sports there's a term repeat sprint ability. So repeat sprint ability means that, let's say that you sprint for 20 meters rest for less than a minute, sprint for another 20, you know, just something like that.


So sprint, rest, sprint dress, which is, which reflects the nature of team sport, football, soccer, and so on, on the, it's totally different from running 400 meters around the track. E strength endurance is the same thing. NFL combine, you know, that's it's, it's a fine test, whatever, it's a nice Bodybuilding exercise, good pump. But on the field you're not doing 30 reps, you're doing one rep and then a little bit later you're gonna do another rep. So your conditioning for a fast, which fibrous can be structured in the same manner. So there's Russian research, a researcher named Boban.


He put his several groups of athletes in different protocols. So one of them was doing the typical high intensity whatever circuit training smoker, right? So you take 70% of your one rep max and you do this for 30 seconds and you go push hard and then you do next one and very typical. Then the other group, Anti glycolytic group, these athletes would live the same 70%, one rep max for three reps. They do one exercise, second exercise, third exercise, rest for one minute, do it again and again and again. So to the listeners, 70 rep max, an average athlete can probably crank out about 12 reps with it. A fighter is probably gonna crank out 20 some reps with that easily.


So they only do three reps. And so three reps and other exercise, another exercise rest for one minute do over and over and over. And the end result was really fascinating. The outcome, there is one particular test discovered by the same researcher that like correlated has the highest correlation competitive performance for MMA fighters. So this test was R 0.888. It's very, very high and very interesting thing. What it is, it's the rate of heart rate recovery after an all out set with 70% one red max deadlift, it's heart set, it's brutal.


Very, very brutal. Interestingly enough, the reps with 70% one rep Mac correlation was not so good. Even the deadlift strengths was not so high, but it's that recovery from that was, was very, very high. So the group that did the EC glycolytic work never did more than three reps, completely blew the traditional training group out of the water. Then in addition to that, they were able to bang out a lot more consecutive reps as well. They weren't even in training for that. Then after that they also so competitive better com results in competition and so on so forth. It's, it's a great way to train because you are able to, so you take, imagine taking a weight that's that you can lift maybe 12 to 20 times and you lift it about three times, rest for a minute and do it again and again and again.


This is very much like a blue collar workers day and you're not seeking pump whatsoever. But as a result you are going to develop that, that type of endurance, that repeat strengths endurance, that very much is applicable to most combat and team sports and also for the real life. Whenever you are moving furniture, you're not trying to look, I'm gonna try to get a pump, let's see, get this piano up there and I get another one. Then we're gonna rest for 20 minutes. Now we're gonna start over. No Swedish work on occupational strength. They found that old and crafty and wily workers like loggers and others, they were able to like, they, they keep their efforts very brief and then the rest were a few seconds and they over and over and over.


So that intermittent nature of rest is, is very powerful. It seems like this is a repeating theme. And by the way, thank you for spelling that out. So for people that perhaps wanna try something like this and I intend to four exercises, three, three exercises, excuse me. Done each at roughly 70% of your one repetition maximum. So what you could do for about 12 repetitions, but you're only doing three repetitions. Rest a minute in between Exercises and rest active again, just walk around, shake it off and do this for, do this about 15 times, possibly later 15, 15 Rounds up, up to 15 rounds. And so this could be Zercher Squat, pull up, dip deadlift or something like that.


Maybe going deadlift, Zercher Squat. Yeah, I probably not do the dead. You know, you used really good examples. So this is, this is a protocol that I did for, for a couple of friends of mine for their high level PGJ competition. We did exactly that. They did searchers, they did pull ups on towels and you know, more, more specific and more grip and they did the closed grip bench press. And the reason is close, it doesn't put on quite as much mass, but it, you know, works at triceps really quite nicely. But yeah, but you can even do it with one exercise, three wraps, rest for a minute, three wraps, rest for a minute and so on. How many times per week is one repeating That you can repeat this three, four times a week easily, but it depends on what else you do. And it's going twice a week is enough, even twice a week is enough and it fits your Strength Training regimen.


It doesn't take away from your strength day. So it pretty much you can treat that as your light day for your strengths for the same lifts. Okay, so and this would is going to increase endurance but is also going to increase strength somewhat. It's going to increase strength wards and Bo Boken has experiments, it definitely did, at least on fighters, but realize fighters typically are not that strong. So up to a point, up to a point, it is going to increase your strength as well. And at the very least it's going to support your strength and it's, it's a great way to just perfect your technique, perfect your skill. It's wonderful. It's very, very meditative. My colleague at Strong first Brad Jones, he even just wrote a book about it, iron cardio because he took a protocol strength aerobics protocol like this Russian protocol developed by another one of my colleagues, Alex, another one of our instructors.


And he just used the whole system and people loving it because, sorry, I'm gonna go back from the beginning to, so he's, he lives in France and he was coaching some, he was coaching some law enforcement, some law enforcement personnel and they were on a stakeout where they absolutely had no ability to train normally and they wanted to do something, something effective. So he said, okay, take this Kettle Bell and you keep it in your hotel room or wherever is your stakeout. Do one clean one press one front squat, put the kettlebell down, shake it up, one clean, one press one squat, put it down and like a metronome, a very rhythmical manner.


You're not trying to breathe hard, you're not trying to get a pump with singles. You won't. And you do this for, you do this for about, you know, 30 minutes or whatever amount of time, amount of time that you do. And it does develop that repeat strength endurance fantastically well there is additional secondary effect of some cardio because you are, you're breathing in between pretty much your recovery, your heart is recovering and you're not getting sore because you talked earlier about like people seeking pump and seeking soreness. One of the reasons soreness comes from is obviously, you know, a lot of eccentric contraction. That's very true. But what people don't realize that soreness also comes from too much acid.


In the past the coaches used to tell, oh you know, acid burns holes in your muscle. It doesn't. But what it does do is when the acid levels are high in the muscle, it stimulates production of free radicals which pound the cell membranes later. It also stimulates activity of lysosome, lysosomes and ides that just eat up, eat up the tissue, the muscle. So If you do too much, If you do too much acidic work, you're gonna be sore as well. So seeking that makes no sense whatsoever. Especially as we know, not even from scientific studies, but from athletic experience. Some people get sore all the time, see no progress in anything. Some people don't get sore, they keep getting stronger and everybody in between.


So there's no correlation. If you're looking for pump, on the other hand, if you're trying to build muscle one very while building strength, one very simple guideline would be I achieve some pump with a heavy weight and lower reps. So If you keep your reps to five and at fewer even three, but you achieve a little pump, that means you've performed a sufficient volume of work to stimulate the adaptation. What exactly happens in the past, I cannot tell you, but it absolutely does work for both strengths and both. Both Hypertrophy So many theories about what causes Hypertrophy. At least you and I know that we don't know.


Yeah, we're just speculating here. Yeah, Just, I really appreciate that you always acknowledge that, that we're sort of, we're not totally in the dark about Hypertrophy. Might, might be. I like this theory about the hydrogen creating a permeability of the, of the cells. And you mentioned that then it gives the hormones access. Some folks might to the nucleus. Yeah. And some people might know, you know, that the steroid hormones like testosterone, estrogen and others, they bind to cell surface receptors, but they can also go into the nucleus of a cell itself and cause changes in gene expression. That's exactly expression, that's right. Which is sort of, If you just think about puberty as the most salient example, right? There's all these latent potential in the cells of the body, but then once the testosterone and di testosterone and estrogen arrives in the body, depending on the, on the, the sex of the individual, then you activate hair growth, you activate breast growth, you activate Muscle Growth, thickening of vocal.


Anyway, that's through gene changes in gene expression. In this configuration that you described before, you know of doing this three repetitions and repeating, you maybe doing that three times a week Up to three. You can even do one as you mentioned. Yes, Three times a week. Could I also train for strength simultaneously? Absolutely, you can. Same days or other days, other days, other days. So on the intervening days I could go in and do my my real strength work. Yes. And you look at your priority if, if your strength is more important, do this, do this type of a strength aerobic work no more than twice a week and you know, then you do strength out like an additional three times or four times. If that type of endurance is more important.


Do real strength work once a week and then three, four times or the other kind. This is also a very good idea in general for planning, for training, planning, for planning, d training different qualities. Because trying to develop everything to a high level at the same time, it's impossible. It simultaneously training in peril. Everything only is good for young kids when they're developing because you know, you gotta try everything, nothing's at a high level Later on there are different models of how to structure addressing different qualities. So one example would be block training. So here's one really good example how strength and Hypertrophy can be, can be addressed, can be addressed at different periods.


The experiment goes back to 1970s, it was done on Ivanov, Kiva, I forget the third, third author experimented on throwers and they were doing squats and bench presses and one group was doing 85% for five triples, you know, typical heavy type stuff. The other was three sets of 10 with 60%, which is fairly typical Hypertrophy work. Jim Bros would say, that's too light for six sets of 10. And I say, no, it's not, because you still have to throw the shot, put the next day. If you, If you do your 10 sets of 10 reps to failure, you are going to be completely done. Your strengths will be down by about 40% for, for the next few days.


So, and so the one group did this, the other group did this, and they both made good gains and the third group, but up to a point and they, they plateaued the third group, they alternated two, two weeks of this, two weeks of that. And they in the squad, interestingly, I have to say it didn't make that much difference. But in the bench press there's a huge difference that alternating this two type stimuli. So that's an example of block training, how you can do that. But what you can also do is you could simply maintain a quality. So fortunately it takes a lot less work to maintain anything that you reach than, than to to get there. So typically training some quality once a week at a moderate T effort is enough to maintain it.


Like in strength, example of strength, if once a week you lift 80% of your max or three sets of three reps, you can maintain your strength easily for months, easily. It just doesn't take much at all. And you don't wanna stop your Strength Training ever totally because again, it has that it, it'll improve everything that you do, even your endurance. But then you can switch the priorities in the same manner and people can do that in their own way. Oh, okay, here's a great example. So I love two's biblical week. So where Stu McGill, he trains two days a week of strength, two days a week of mobility, two days a week of endurance, which is, which is a very good and balanced, balanced model, but which you could do for a while is you switch to doing 1, 2, 3.


So let's say one quality gets three days a week, one quality gets two, one quality gets one, and then you shift the priority. So this sort of a serial specialization is a very good tactics for, for experience, trainees maybe Switching it up once every month, perhaps once A month is good, once a month is good. And maintaining that, you know, moderate hard, what it was it moderate very hard. What was Franco's, what was the cycle? Forgive me for forgetting, You know, you can do that as well. Yeah, for what Franco had four weeks of deadlifts, moderate, heavy, moderate, very heavy. And again, we can define them a lot of different ways, but we definitely need to vary the effort, not just the intensity.


Somehow, somehow in our training it can be done differently, in different, in different training systems. One very simple way is just to stop, stop your sets earlier before long before failure. And you know, later on in some weeks just get a little bit closer to that. So that's an example of that classic American cycling, power lifting, cycling. So when on your week four you're gonna do five reps with your five rep max, but on week one you're doing five reps with your perhaps 10 rep max. So that's, that's a very simple way of doing that where you go easy and then you go harder and then you start over.


But there are many, many different other ways of, of structuring it. But generally speaking, I'd like to warn people that training hard has to be done, but it's not something it has to be done in really small doses. It's like, let's use singles as an example. Heavy singles, heavy singles are the special sauce of Strength Training. It, they cannot be used as the foundation of your training unless you are, except for some very few genetically gifted individuals. You know, we all know that Bulgarian have done that in the weightlifting. But again, these guys were specially selected, specially assisted, and they were broken very quickly. Soviet champions stayed.


There are some Soviets who won the Olympics at the age of 36, like Felger and Alex Sea for weightlifting. That's just a absolutely old man. And rigged said David rigged, said I think what 63 world records, because they were very careful about when to use this near maximal stimuli. They figured out this and this system itself, the Soviet weightlifting system was totally the empirical, which is really fascinating. They just looked what works, what doesn't compare it, and just kept, kept trying. So they've experimented with everything and they simply have found that certain observations, like, okay, lighter lifters can do more heavy singles than heavier guys.


Intermediates can do more than the advanced guys. It's gonna vary from lift to lift a lifter to lifter. No difference between guys who are on drugs and guys who are not. But you have to individualize it. And they found that If you do too many heavy singles, you're going to not progress rapidly. You hurt yourself, you don't do enough, you don't progress as quickly. So it has to be able to find that sweet spot for yourself. And they also were very definite that these singles are maximal, so that's what competitions are for. So they would go to 90, maybe 92.5% once in a blue moon, 95, but you're not there to test yourself.


There's even like, like Russian power lifters, what they do couple weeks before a meet, they have this workup to a weight that's kind of max. So the word for this pre and pre it translates kinda like estimate. It's like an estimate. This is not, you're guessing like, hey see this is where I'm at. That gives me an idea. What's gonna be my first attempt, what my opener is gonna be. Instead of, oh, I'm gonna test myself, I'm gonna show them gym is not the place to show anything. That's what the platform's for. So you need to find, if you're interested in serious about strengths, you need to find how often you can go heavy in the different lifts.


Start with, you know, start with something maybe once a month about 90% and then try to see doing it more doing it or doing it fewer times. But the meat and potatoes of the training has to, again, this moderately heavy weights, heavy enough, heavy enough to respect, not light enough not to fear. And most of the work has to be done with that. So it's like those sets of three, four, maybe five reps with 80, 80% something, something like that. And that's fairly universal across the training systems because the American power lifting system, you know, is organized, the cycling organized totally different. But that's, again, there's going to be, you know, fives and threes and fours, that's gonna be a big deal.


Soviet system, different but a lot of threes, a lot of fours, some fives, some variations. But why it is, so some of it possibly has to do with skill practice because this goes to an example, it's a western study of a discreet skill, a discrete skill to listeners that means something that happens once, kinda like a throw or a lift as opposed to continuous skill like running and an experiment they tested, these athletes do this discrete skill for a six sets of one, three sets of two, or one set of six and two sets of three did much better. So supposedly it's like there's a certain amount of repetitiveness, like when you hit the perfect trap and then you're done.


So again, three triples have that very special quality And presumably there's a drop off of ability to concentrate and really execute properly. Absolutely. I mean One thing that keeps coming through here is that whether or not one's talking about high volume or low volume or endurance or strength, quality, quality, quality, Oh no doubt about It. Every, everything else is potentially detrimental and frankly has added a lot of confusion to the fitness literature where people, I think, you know, they're doing, you know, five sets of five or do I do 10 sets of 10? And it, I, if I may, you know, this isn't my my field of expertise, but again, having been in and around it for a while, I feel like the message that keeps coming through that's going to deliver the results is every single repetition, high quality, the rest period, high quality, whatever that may be.


Yes. Walking around, shaking it off the, the structuring of the program, high quality, I think people are far too haphazard and seeking the pump and soreness and some sweat so that they can have their post-workout shake while I'm not trying to be, and a selfie. Yeah, and a selfie between every set and just kind of check the box even for people that aren't competitive athletes, I think there's just such a, an enormous range of things to be gleaned from taking one's fitness training seriously. Even the word fitness is kind of a strange word. It's, yeah, training seriously. Right? I've never even called it a workout. I think I've picked that up from Mensa. You train, you don't like, I've never thought, or you practice or you practice. Yes, I like that very much.


I also like the distinction between students and and clients. That's, that's a very, these are not just, these are not just labels. I think they really, no, they're really Not. And they change our cognitive frame In the Soviet system, when you're talking about your training session, oftentimes it was referred to as a lesson when various qualities were developed, like strength, endurance and so on. Shanky for example, often mentioned that like education of qualities and at strong, first are we talk about a practice, not a workout. And great line that was written a hundred years ago by Earl Litman and his secrets of strength. And back then strength athletes understood the importance of not training on the nerve.


So they understood you, you just train and then eventually you're gonna go for pr, but the rest of the time you don't kill yourself. And when he's describing kind of this early a adhere to this high intensity whatever, and he's referring to him, he says he has literally worked himself out. And he says that that's something that strength seeker cannot afford. So semantically, when you're trying to work yourself out, that you're trying to exhaust yourself or are you trying to practice to excel to get better at something. And that applies to inequality because Endurance very much has a, has a skill component just like strength because the ability to reuse the elastic properties of the tissues, the ability to relax between the contractions, to restore the circulation, the ability to maintain the proper posture and so on and so forth.


These are all skills, the breathing, breathing skill, huge, extremely important for strength, for endurance, for absolute anything. And if you're going through this mindlessly, it's, yeah, yeah, nobody's gonna get very far this way. Okay, so while one could use resistance training in order to generate strength and endurance, you explained how to do that. There are a good number of people out there, including myself, that sometimes like to get outside for a run or to hike. As you mentioned earlier about the rucksack. I'm not such a fan of the rucksack because of being pitched forward, but I like this idea of carrying the kettlebell and switching sides. Now nowadays they also have some weight vests that are a little bit more, you know, close to the body that distribute the weight.


What are your thoughts about going into the gym in order to do the Strength Training and then generating the endurance work elsewhere? To be blunt, like how would one combine lifting and running in a way that allows one to get stronger and develop endurance perhaps simultaneously? If we're talking about right now people who are just active, people who are not athletes, there are several things they need to keep in mind. One is the timing, relative timing of strength work and endurance work. If the strength exercises that you're doing are primarily neural adaptations, which you're targeting, which means lower repetitions, heavier stuff, then it's important to be fresh.


When you're doing the exercise, it's not really, doesn't matter as much what happens afterwards. So which means that you could do some heavy deadlifts, you know, heavy deadlifts and then a few hours later you can go for a hike. On the other hand, If you lifting is more Hypertrophy oriented, it's less important. If you come in tired, it's okay. Even If you just hiked in the morning and then you went did you curls. But afterwards for 36, 48 hours, it's ideally to restrict endurance exercise. So because you're really going to have a massive conflict right there. And it's, it's not a good idea to do that.


If you're doing our preferred work of let's say sets of five reps, five reps, again, they address both endurance and strength. Well I guess you better keep a window on both hands right there. There's always a conflict. You know, Thomas Swell said there are no solutions there only, there are only compromises. So you just have to decide which way you want to compromise. But that separation and time really does help. The other thing is spending different times when you focus on one thing versus the other. So the next two months you're gonna spend on hitting your strength hard and you're just gonna do two hikes a week just to just for your health, just to maintain. And then summer rolls around and you put your lifting on on the back burner, you le left lift less, not necessarily lighter, just less.


And you spend a lot more time outdoors and, and do these different things. Keeping in mind also the duration of the duration of training. So the longer your training session is of any kind, the more you are triggering adaptations that are, that are more in favor of endurance. So your cortisol level goes up and there are some other things that do happen that drive you towards Endurance as opposed to strength. So even in your Strength Training, don't make the sessions too long, What's too long? It's really hard to know at this point in the Soviet weightlifting practice, the top guys would spend two and two and a half hours.


They would for them that work that seemed appropriate. But then again, don't forget at that point they're juicing. And in the per steroid errors, those times are shorter. And this is one of the difference in steroids, by the way, that's in your training when use steroids or not. The, as I mentioned earlier, Soviets established the correlation with the volume of lifting and muscle mass. That's one thing. But they're also established correlation between volume of lifting at 80% or higher and strength and the correlation is very strong, 0.84. However, if you're talking about the muscle mass with that lighter stuff, some lifters, we just get great results and some lifters would just get more endurance and they found that guys who are juicing, they can keep doing higher volumes and still, still keep getting more muscular.


But the guys who are not, who are clean, they're just not able to do that. So trial and error, probably like Marty Gallagher says, fill an hour. I think that's a safe, I think that's a safe guideline. Fill an hour. Yeah, I like the fill an hour. I don't think I've ever spent more than an hour of actual work in the gym. Maybe 75 minutes or so. I notice if I train longer than that, I pay a serious price in terms of post Exercise Fatigue later in the day. I'd actually like to talk about this concept. I looked it up before sitting down today. There's a little bit of literature starting to emerge, not, not as much as I would like about post-exercise.


Cholinergic depletion, you know, so much of our ability to hold our attention is dependent on epinephrine, norepinephrine and acetylcholine release in the brain. And of course mu muscular contractions, acetylcholine being the dominant transmitter from nerve to muscle communication. But this idea that if we exercise too intensely or even if we just do cognitive work, that's very intense for a period of time that there's this post-exercise cholinergic depletion and then we get this what people typically call brain fog, although that's not a real medical term. So I think from the practical standpoint, a lot of people who would like to train more for strength train more often for strength do strength and endurance work.


The, the challenge sometimes isn't just scheduling it, it's that we feel depleted and tired afterward. Have you observed this and is there a way to use Strength Training or other forms of training to improve cognitive function? Because I, you know, again, as you pointed out, only compromise is not solutions. But I do see a world in which one could use their physical training to give them a, a, for lack of a better word, A a boost into the day. So you're getting stronger, your developing your, your health and you're also able to then lean into your day with, with more focus and attention. That would be the ultimate scenario. Okay. Yeah. Well there's obviously we're looking at a zero sum game. So there's, you only have so much, you know, your resources are limited.


One thing that will absolutely help is a Fragmentation. It's been proven that dividing up a given workload into smaller chunks allows you, doesn't matter what it is, whether it's Endurance Training or Strength Training or some cognitive work, you are able to, you're able to do more. And that's one thing that to consider. The other is obviously the feedback. You know, you have to listen to your body pretty much Soviets stressed very much that you have to take the cybernetic approach, you have to have the feedback, no matter what the training plan says, says you have to listen to, you have to listen to that feedback and freshness in the Soviet system of Strength Training and not just in weightlifting, freshness was paramount.


It's even better. Let's talk about how track athletes in the Soviet Union train for strengths. And that's more, that's will be even more applicable to a lot of the listeners because they definitely didn't spend two and a half hours in the, you know, in the gym. So pap kouf, he was a head coach and he was one of the first to implement heavy lifting for the, for the track. After, right after the Soviets decided, hey look at these Americans, you know, lifting heavy weight, Bruce Randall and Paul Anderson and Canadian Doug Hebburn. So these lifters, he has absolutely says always do low wraps. So they would never do more than three, four reps, even with the lightest weight, even with the warmup weight.


They spend a lot of time doing just singles and doubles. And it was absolutely essential that they stayed fresh and part of it was just the, how they felt. Part of it is the performance, how well they jumped and so on and how they felt after. So they found, if you're really obsessive about it, you have that tonic effect that lasts at least until the next day. And the tonic effect is both for your strengths, for your power, but also for you know, your cognitive functions as well. But it's also very, very interesting that, here's an idea, do a bench press before the next day before you are competing in a jump or do a heavy squad the day before you are competing as a thrower.


So it's, again, it's very interesting how the opposite part of the body stimulating that was, was very, very helpful. Very interesting phenomena. So they found if the strength work is, is familiar and non exhaustive, it absolutely facilitates whatever is that you do afterwards. And restricting the, this is where the difference, this is where track athletes were very different from a lot of other people. They tried to restrict their volume as much as possible of Strength Training in part because, well they had to do other things and because they had to stay fresh. So If you look at the volume, If you look at generally speaking, how many repetitions that you want to perform per exercise, per per training session, and again these are purely empirical numbers.


They come from Soviet weightlifting, but they were also applied in track. So the minimal volume is 10 to 20 repetitions total. So minimum and optimal is 20 to 30 maximal it becomes 30 to 50 in that window. So when you're looking at 20 to 30 reps, maybe on the lower end right there, you are going to build strength. And If you also are going to not go to failure and rest sufficiently between sets, unless greasy, unless you're greasy in the groove, you need to look at at least five minutes pretty much. And that's both for neural and bad chemical reasons, but more is really better UN unfortunately, really a lot of it is just comes down to listening to your body and just using your judgment.


I wish I had any better, I wish I had any bad answer here. No, I think it's a terrific answer. I like to leave the gym with some gas in the tank because, well I get paid to think and to speak as it were. Not to lift, but, And many great thinkers in the strength world starting from leaderman back a hundred years ago to to Soviet weightlifting authorities like you know, OV and Roman. And later on somebody like even Steve just was a very colorful individual. Just brilliant, brilliant strength athlete. A farmer from Nebraska who just came up with some fantastic protocols, but he would say that you've gotta finish stronger than when you started.


I love that. And that sea is very much permeates professional or high level Strength Training where this mentality of a workout or try to get smoked or pumped or throw up in the bucket, they, they would look at you as, that's insane. One of the reasons that also restricted the number of reps in the squad because you do sets of 10 in the squad, you're gonna definitely put on some masks, no question about it. But one of the reasons they re restricted that very few people did sets of 10 except for heavy weights who were, had a hard time bulking. And even more is like, okay, that's too much cardio respiratory stress. And even though Soviet weightlifters did some general physical training like cross country running or playing soccer, but they're not trying to get their cardio on the on the lifting platform that has just made no sense whatsoever.


So restricting the reps will go very long way, restrict increasing the Rest Periods to at least five minutes would go a very long way and restricting a number of exercises because people don't realize that you're using different muscle groups, but still using the same brain, you're still same, using the same adrenalines and all that stuff really adds up. And so I would say two during one practice, one training practice, maybe two, maybe three exercises, max lifts. And nothing wrong with doing just one. And yeah, If you want to, you know, do your curls and whatever calfs later, that's fine. But you can tack it on in the end or you can do totally separate. Those things don't really zap you. You can just come in in a separate day and just do your, enjoy your calf burn.


Love it. There seems to be an overreliance nowadays on pre-workout stimulants. I'm a big consumer of caffeine in the form of yorba mate and coffee. I'm old school that way, not that that I would, I enjoy my coffee. Yeah. You, you still drink coffee every day? Yes, I Do. Yeah. But only twice. Got a moderation. Moderation, Right. These days there's a lot of emphasis on just trying to get, as you know, absolutely wired and, and geared up for training. And I think that in part contributes to why people feel this post Exercise Fatigue. You know, they go hit the gym hard after a pre-workout, and then they're doing their post-workout shake and a bunch of carbohydrates to replenish their glycogen.


And then of course, two hours later you want to take a nap. I mean, it's amazing. Anyone could study or do anything at, at that point. I think that's very different than the kind of training you're describing. I also just, so I'd love your thoughts on, on stimulants generally and how they can support or hinder performance. And I'm also curious about just the, what's lost in that model in terms of learning how to cycle one's energy up and down. You know, several times today you've mentioned this, this thing of, of the ability to relax the muscles and relax the Nervous System in between sets, maybe even in between reps, who knows? But usually between sets and certainly And sometimes between reps under certain circumstances.


Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. So, so maybe we talk about stimulants. Before we started Today, we were talking about, you know, when stimulants can actually hinder performance Sure. When they can help. And then maybe we talk about the cycling of, of tension and relaxation. Because I look at training physically as a, as a, as a venue for exploring Nervous System function and control over Nervous System generally. That one can apply elsewhere. So that's the kind of theme I'll just roll, roll out onto the table. Well, first of all, I'll preface it by saying that stimulants and any kind of pharmacy is totally outta my wheelhouse. So what you're, what I'm about to say is purely reflected knowledge. You know, with your neurobiology background, you can tell the listeners so much more than I could possibly can. But top athletes, when they compete after a competition, I'm talking about power, strength sports, like power lifting or weightlifting for the next two weeks, they're, they're just gone.


They're completely flat because they're two adaptations that take place in, in, in Strength Training, proper Strength Training. So on one hand it's much more economical function of the adrenal glands. On the other hand, it's much higher capacity as well. So these are the guys in gals who are able to crank it up really, really high when they want to. But they're also able to really keep it, keep it down when they don't have to. And they do know that for the next two weeks after, after the competition or after some idiotic gym max, you know that by take a week they are, they're gonna be flat, they're gonna be completely gone.


So you really have to spare your adrenaline. The lifters who take heavy lifts in, in the gym, they still typically, they stay at the training max, not the competition max. So what's a training max? A training max. It's the heaviest weight that you can possibly lift without getting too excited about it. And back in the fifties, Lukin, he was one of the fathers of Soviet weightlifting, he came up with a great tactic. How to find that weight If you heart rate goes up before the set, that's too heavy.


So that you gotta like, you gotta monitor yourself. Hmm. Unless you're in competition, of course that's, that's a different game. If I will defer to others about how much one should or could take stimulants before training, lifting. I'm talking what? But generally speaking, you gotta do it moderation. And especially you gotta save it for the times when you really need it. Like in the American power lifting system, when you have during week three and four, that's a good time to do it during the weeks one and two and the weights are lighter, let your adrenals recover and you don't need to push yourself as hard anyway. So it's just one example how to, how to go about this.


If you have to drink some stupid energy drink to just get yourself up to training, there's something wrong in your life, possibly it is something that's lifestyle choices and you need to address it. If you always feel exhausted after training, you're missing out on life. I mean, if you're doing a very, a desk job that does not require high cognitive ability, something that's really mechanical with pen and paper or computer and you choose to just destroy yourself on a daily basis with a lot of access to failure or metcons or whatever it is, well it's your choice If you wanna destroy your life like that. But again, If you look at your adrenal profile, If you look at your sympathetic dominance, If you look at your, how you're just feeling is gonna be really, really awful.


The other angle to this is, as we talked earlier in learning and skill training, skill practices, learning current performance is not indicative of learning. So just because you're able to lift five pounds more because you got yourself all jacked up on some drink, doesn't mean you necessarily got stronger. So you just need to come in and put in your practice and walk away and come back. And then when there's time and it's the day to go heavier, that's, that's when you do that. So don't want to discourage you from drinking coffee. In fact, If you drink a stimulant, coffee should be the only thing. The rest of this stuff is, I don't know. Yeah. Coffee, tea, Coffee, tea. And then figure out, again, figure out what is that moderate, moderate amount.


Figure out how to use it when you truly need it, as opposed to be relying on it all the time. Would You mind, before we go to the next question, if I, if I just share with you a result that I just wanted to plant in your brain, 'cause I've been excited to tell you about this 'cause it's new results from the field of neuroscience that I don't think anyone's discussed anywhere, but I think you might find interesting for your sake of discussion here. But also, thank you Andrew. Looking Forward, looking forward to it. I didn't do this study, I wish I had the, the study very briefly is interested in the neural basis of choking, not choking someone out or not anything else related to choking. But when one feels that the stakes are really high and suddenly ability falls away, what is that?


So what they did is they developed this game where essentially the potential payoff in this game while recording from neurons in the brain is either low, medium or very high or the occasional jackpot, like you could just win the whole thing. And the, the payoff is, is very, very considerable. Then they looked at the amount of upper motor neuron recruitment, so essentially the areas of the brain that drive coordinated muscular behavior or action. And what they found is that it basically scales with a level of reward. So you get more neuronal engagement as the reward scales up. However, every time the jackpot was offered, it overages too many motor neurons.


And so the, this notion of choke, of like choking when the stakes are really, really High. So you have irradiation that you cannot control. Exactly. It's like spillover of like, it's like too much. We could call it too much excitement, but it's not adrenaline in this case, although that's probably associated with it. But you think, oh great, you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get an award, I'm gonna get bigger or even bigger or okay, oh my goodness, this could change everything. And all of a sudden performance just tanks. And so it turns out it's, it's a brain, it's a brain thing at the level of over recruitment, which just speaks to this idea of being able to maintain Arousal within a certain range Yeah. Is an essential skill to any performer. And I just wanna share that because it's you. That's fantastic. It's fun set of results. And that's always consistent with, and since I was a little kid, I learned something, I I have to share it with somebody who I think might, might care.


So if ever people wonder about the why people choke, it's, it, it is hyper Arousal at the level of the brain, not a apparently not so much the body. Yeah, Well, being able to control Arousal, it's such a key skill for an athlete. And part of that, obviously it should be directed as sports psychologist. And there are some fantastic techniques. For example, Dr. Judd by Soto, who is an author who published the book with strong first Dr. Judd squatted 6 0 2 at body weight of 132. And that was back in the eighties. He was in his forties after serious back injury surgery. And he was a, he was a sports psychologist and he discusses this various, various skills as fascinating.


His control of excitation inhibition was such that he would sleep between attempts a couple minutes before the attempt, his handler or coach would wake him up, he would wake up, he'd get himself into frenzy, he'd lift the weight, he'd go back to sleep nine times a day throughout the day. Wow. Now that's a mastery of excitation inhibition your on switch and off switch. So part of that are is sports psychology. There are tools in sports psychology for that. Part of it is training is whatever you do in the gym, some of your habits and some of your practices, like for example, okay, David Ard is one of the greatest weightlifters of all time.


Some people would say the greatest weightlifter of all times. And when he was discovered by Uff Felder, his coach, who was another Olympic champion, world champion, one of the things that the coach was impressed with is that ARD would do his set and then that after his set, he would just go completely limp like a rag. And he was very impressed with that Later in ER's career when he was a world champion already in the United States. So there's a, there's an America coach route writes how he saw him in Columbus, Ohio or Cleveland, Ohio competing back in the seventies, he was lying and smoking a cigarette.


And then he gets up, he snatches 60 kilos, like 135 pounds or something once. Then he just picks up something else equally trivial. And then he goes and does, goes his first attempts and then ends up with a superior performance at a different time. Ed bet box of cognac to that, he would snatch 90% of his max, which was his max was probably around three 70 or something. So he was able to snatch 90% of that, no warmup whatsoever. And so this is this ability of that incredible control. So part of it is whatever you're born with, part of it is sports psychology techniques, but part of it's developing some habits.


As soon as you're done with your lift, just power down. Incidentally, after training a strength athlete ought to perform a cool down. And Russians did some, did some numbers on power lifters, and they found that the top power lifters, they spend time in cool down. And the guys who are not so good, they don't, because not only it just allows you to bring your expectation down, gets your parasympathetic, gets you to start recovering. So you do some easy stretching, you do some meditating, you do some breathing exercises, whatever you do. But even after each set, so you, so you put up that heavy deadlift or squat, and then you just immediately come down and then you walk around and you chill.


So you just try to tune your switch so much breathing exercises come in handy for that. There are breathing exercises to increase your excitation. There are breathing exercises that are able to very much put you in a state of inhibition. Very deep inhibition. Even some of them are hypercapnic, some are hypoxic, which means, you know, you try to increase carbon dioxide or you're trying to decrease oxygen. There are some very sophisticated, yet really quite simple techniques that that can help, that can help you do that. I love this concept of just learning to push on the accelerator, push on the break, and to, and to play with Disinhibition as a, a first person to come on this podcast.


Even among the neuroscientists I've spoken with to talk about Disinhibition. Really thank you for bringing that up. Well, The history of that, that's A beautiful concept and it, and important one for how we Function. That's a, that absolutely is. The original research was done in the sixties, EKI and Steinhouse, 1961 I believe. And then later on that was a big part of the training method of Dr. Fred Hatfield. Fred Hatfield is a legend in the, in the iron game. He was one of the first to squat a thousand pounds in competition. And he was, he was just a fantastic lifter and a fan and just brilliant scientist. So he tried to direct a lot of the training towards Disinhibition.


So he even developed special techniques that are largely forgotten ironically. But yes, Disinhibition is huge. And it's also one of the one, one of the things about Disinhibition too, it's also very important to avoid failing because never failing a lift that's part of this inhibition. So like we talked about Ed Cohen earlier, another one of the power lifting grades, ed Cohen competed over several decades, set over seven two world records in several weight classes, only missed a couple lifts in competition, never missed a training lift whatsoever, always calm, always composed an amazing lifter, amazing guy. And what's very likely happened is that his inhibitory pathways just shriveled and got pruned and died.


What people don't realize that, you know, Greasing the Groove, that's the term proper term, long-term potentiation is like when you are getting better at like that transmission gets stronger. It's like your nerves become superconductors, but there's also it's evil twin long-term depression. So pretty much what happens is now you're trying as hard, but you are muscles are not jumping in response anymore. So one of the ways to get this long-term depression is by, by failing. So whenever you're attempting certain thing, and if it doesn't happen that that's a way that pathway starts, starts firing weaker and the inhibitor pathway start becomes stronger and it becomes even worse if you're emotional about it.


So you said quite a few things about adrenaline, but adrenaline has, adrenaline does promote neuroplasticity, but not always in a good way. So If you look at the PTSD treatments, you will find that if a person re experiences that bad, what everything that happened, and then it gets into the feedback loop, that positive feedback positive doesn't mean good positive, it just means it keeps increasing it. Because every time that there's a spike of adrenaline that reinforces the memory. So If you miss the attempt and you also got really upset about it, and then you remember it again. So you making yourself weaker and weaker, which reminds me of a very fascinating way that the ancients used for to record some events before, before there's writing.


So let's say there's a wedding between VIP families, they bring a kid, young kid, 7-year-old let's say, and make the kid watch the whole thing. And after, after the festivities, they throw the kid into the river, the kid crawls out of the river and it was, he doesn't know to, he doesn't expect it. And the kid climbs out of the river and he is gonna remember that wedding for the rest of his life, he's gonna hold that record because Of the adrenaline spike as With the, the cold water. So that really did increase the neuroplasticity. So that memory became really deeply ingrained. So yeah, part of, part of Disinhibition is not promoting, inhibition is just not failing. So Fred Hatfield had a beautiful line, success begets success.


Failure begets failure, trained to success, not to failure. Do you Recommend actually avoiding training to muscular failure? Absolutely. There's really no reason for that. If you are doing that with single joint Bodybuilding exercises like curls, it probably does not make, doesn't matter. And if you're doing it for Bodybuilding, but I still don't see the point because every rep closer to failure, that is going to increase exponentially recovery time. So you're not going to get quite as much. Yeah, you might get more muscle gain from that particular last rep, but your recovery is gonna be increased so much.


And also as you start training to failure, you also, you are converting more of your fibers to towards slower, towards slower types. So on the other hand, If you don't Train to Failure, you don't. So there's an interesting Spanish study when they found that when athletes Train to Failure, again, they're some of the myosin and type two X fast fibers, they converted to two A, so they, they became slower probably because now it's an endurance event when you're training for as many reps as possible, it's really an endurance event. On the other hand, the athletes that trained with half the maximum possible repetitions, they did not experience that decline, which goes back several decades to an ar fario Olympic champion and scientist head coach.


Incredible, incredible person. He said there is a big difference between six sets of three and three sets of six because, and you think like, this sounds like the most obvious thing to say, but the fact is you build just as much strength with success of three as three sets of six, you get a lot less tired, you get to practice for three extra sets and you can drain sooner. So that's, that's fundamental. So pushing to failure. Also, the other thing is about the control of your technique towards the last traps. There's no control left, but imagine that you always have that perfect technique so you grease that pathway, that becomes a reflex.


In fact, early on the Soviet sports scientists very much used strengths adaptation as just the development of conditional reflex. Kinda like, you know, Pavlov with the dogs, drilling dogs. And then you go into the competition and you psych yourself up and you don't even know what's going on. You're not aware, but you only have one pathway, there's no plan B, you only remember how to do your deadlift in this particular matter. Know any other way, The neurons are trained to comp to complete the execution of the movement. Exactly. And only in a very specific way because there's no plan B when you start failure. So you start, okay, this is the stressful situation, so I re I revert to plan B, but for there's plan B for amateurs, top athletes don't have plan B, watch a top lifter fail and attempt.


He or she's gonna shake with that bar, shake, shake, shake, shake. And finally it's gonna come down. But it's not like the bud's gonna shoot up or something ugly is going to happen. So going back to that point you made earlier about the quality of practice, quality is absolutely paramount and it's Strength Training is a skill practice. Any athletic training is a skill practice. Maybe riding the elliptical is not a skill practice, but it's not a a, it's just not a sport anyway. It's not anything any, you know, even hiking is a practice. You're trying to stay tall, you're trying to breathe in a particular manner. It's all practice. The crossovers between physical training and mental pursuits are astonishing to me.


You know, as we're talking about this, avoiding going to failure. I'm in the process of writing my first book. I know you've written several books and I'm finding to be very different than anything else I've ever done. And the experienced writers tell me that you should, you know, end on a end on a sentence where you, you kind of know what the next sentence could be, perhaps to see the unconscious mind for the next day. But, but that you don't wanna run right up until a wall and like bang your head against that wall, metaphorically speaking because it places a kind of frustration into your Nervous System that you arrive to the page with the next day. Interesting. I guess the opposite could be argue too, but, but it fits very well with, with what we're talking about here.


I, because of the early Mike Menzer training or the influence I should say, I've tended to Train to Failure purposefully and used to do forest wraps and drop sets and all that stuff. As the years have gone by, I've started only incorporating a few sets to failure and my volume has increased somewhat and I'm training heavier at lower repetitions. And my progress as I get, you know, toward my fifth decade just continues to, just continues. And so I, I just decided, as you were saying the last couple of sentences that for the rest of the year I'm gonna not Train to Failure because I really want to experience what it's like to do that for a long period of time as opposed to just reducing the number of sets that I take to failure.


I'm also, I'm very stringent about form and always have been. And I do want to ask, what are your thoughts on, unless somebody's training for Isometric or eccentric specific training, full range of motion, not just for sake of building strength, but can using a full range of motion also improve flexibility without some dedicated flexibility training. And I'd like to use this as a segue to talk about flexibility training. Yes, It can. So sar mirrors can grow in length as well, so they contract all part of the muscle, they can grow lengthwise as well. It's something that needs to be done carefully and cautiously of course. And it's with not with heavy weights, eventually it's possible for a person to perform, you know, flexibility fees with heavier weights if it's desirable.


But initially something go lighter. So yes, absolutely you can, and it's, it's one of the easiest ways to promote flexibility. And flexibility also has a very much a, a neural component as well. So part of it, obviously, you know, you're looking at, you're looking at what's happening in the joints of course part you're looking at, you know, the length, the length of the, the length of the tissues too. But a lot of it is also the ability to reset the regulation of muscular muscle length and tension. So it's like the ability to do a split, for example, it's, part of it is, yeah, well if you're provided, your hip joints are built for that sort of thing.


A lot of it is really in your mind because you're experiencing defensive inhibition, you're just afraid you're gonna get torn turn in half. So which brings us to very interesting parallel as we kept talking about quality and has also talked about that flow channel by Professor Sima. Exactly. Thank you. So between boredom and anxiety. So when you're trying to do a split, for example, so you see somebody trying to get into that stretch and the person goes, oh, sitting there and panicking and being in total pain and nothing is gonna happen. You're pretty much just facilitating this pain pathways and you're just learning to hate this exercise.


A smarter individual would get to the point to the edge of pain and then stay there for a while, until owning it, until this the, until the spindles reset, you know, okay, accept the new range of motion, add some contraction, relaxation, contraction, relaxation, you know, Isometric stretching, you know, progress, progress even further. So in any type of training, forcing the adaptation is not going to work. Whether it's flexibility, whether it's strength, whether it's endurance, there's time for very high level of effort, but there's never time for ripping yourself in half, right? There's never time for hurting yourself on purpose. So, but yes, do do a long range of motion work to increase range of motion for the upper body.


I'm obviously very partial towards kettlebells, but one of the great many benefits of Kettlebell Training, you know, a bow they handle is the way it's designed. So you press it from here overhead, that offsets center gravity helps to pull your arm back. So you're just improving the shoulder flexion, you're improving thoracic extension, it's so much easier to place yourself in exactly good position and then just stay there. So it's very important to stay open, to keep that, keep that useful posture and keep that good good shoulder function. So, but yeah, with squats you can definitely do that just very progressively. One warning about squats, if you're going for parallel squat like it is in power lifting, it's a parallel defined as the top of the knee is a little higher than the crease on the hip, Not a right.


People will argue about this in some comical ways from time to time. So when parallel is not right angle at the knee, correct, it's parallel the top of the, the top of the thigh. I, I realize you said it very clearly, but I'm just making sure because debates abound on the internet, the top of the thigh should be parallel to the floor. Well or deeper. Yeah. Yeah. But, but when you do go for that depth or somewhere in that ballpark that's, you can go wide in the stance, you can progressively increase the width of distance If you do for flexibility. There have been people who are doing squats like, you know, almost like a horse stance, style squats and progressively developing great level of flexibility.


It's possible to do that. But you are doing that, you're going wider, but not necessarily deeper. So it's okay to go wider, but you still, your still your femur should not be dipping too much. So if you're trying to go rock bottom in the white stance, you hip architecture's not designed for that. Right. So like Tom Platz, right? Famous for squatting very, very deep, but He was narrow, but he used the narrow stance. Got it. So, so glutes on calves practically, but he was a shorter guy. Right. Does That help? But he also, he was, but also he was also squatting in a pretty narrow stance. Mm. So in this particular case, you're not experiencing with the hip, you know, with the hip limitation right there. So it is okay for you, but imagine If you try to go wider and then you try to go, it's just, again, this is not, not a good idea.


You Could end up on the floor. Yeah. Literally on The floor. If you want to develop, here's a great way to develop flexibility for this type of rock bottom squat. If you're not there yet, initially even without resistance, assume your normal squat stance, and I'm talking about a narrow stance, you know, shoulder withers somewhere there and approach the wall, face the wall, put your arms out and start squatting and you'll find the wall is gonna tissue you. So it is the feedback from the wall. If you start doing something funny with your spine, you're gonna hit your head on the wall and fall back. So it's, it provides terrific feedback. It is something that I learned originally from, from a Koon practitioner.


And again, quite a number of skills that by system are picked up from, from martial arts, but we applied that strong first to use that for teaching people that upright squad and developing the, developing the mobility for deep squat. It's a, it's a foolproof, it's like Greg Cook would call this a self-correcting exercise. And those are really the best when the coach can walk away and you know, have a cigarette and the student is still gonna be able to do try. I love your book Relax and Stretch. I think it's a really important concept, this idea that the Nervous System and our mental state is preventing inhibiting a good amount of our natural flexibility and that we can work with the mental state and progressive relaxation and contraction and muscles and related tissues too.


We absolutely can. And it's very much mind over the matter. I have a great success story. So one of, one of my senior instructors a strong first Steve Fried. So met him a couple decades ago and he had a severe back injury. So he spent eight or night months in bed in Percocet and he was not, he was not athletic. He'd done some jogging or things like that in the past and he decided to get serious about getting strong. So he healed up until he was healthy, he started lifting kettlebells. Then after that he started power lifting and he started doing proper stretching like this. So his, right now he's, he was in his late sixties.


He holds a bunch of American masters records in the deadlift, even though his back was totally messed up lifts without a belt, he's, you can break your fist on his Abs. I like having people punch, would you please punch Steve? Just don't hurt yourself. But he also worked up to suspend his size splits. And you know, that's at that point, he was probably in his fifties when he did that. Wow. And maybe sixties, possibly. And then he even competed in this crazy all around meets where there's one lift where you hang between two chairs and then you pick up a dumbbell from the ground, you can find the footage somewhere on the internet. Whoa. So here's the man who took, who did not take his injury lying down.


So once he was cleared to train, he decided to approach his training with a attitude of a musician because he's a music professor. And in my experience that people who could become very successful and in strength musicians and martial artists are among the people who, who can succeed because they're used to practice for many hours. They're used to paying attention to small detail and they're used to doing whatever other people consider boring over and over. So again, here's this 60 some year old man with Abs, you can break your hands on deadlift records and, and full splits. That's, that's what a human mind is capable of.


I love this concept of a practice or of practice, not of a practice, but instead of training. I always thought, ah, training is such a better word than working out. And it probably is. But I think practice is such a better verb Than training is also good of course. But you know, practice is, it puts you in the mind, in the right frame of frame of mind. You imagine the word workout like litman quote. He literally worked himself out. As long as you're highlighting remarkable instances of people in the second half of their life, let's, let's say getting quite strong, developing impressive skills. Before we started recording today, you were relaying to us that your, your father has acquired some significant strength.


Could you just share some of his Oh sure. His abilities to inspire both the, the people in the second half of their life or so, and to motivate slash intimidate the younger ones and get them going because they really have no excuse. I'm very Proud of my parents and they're both 87 years old and my father has always been an athlete. And then at the age of 71, I brought him to power lifting meet and I see him in the warmup area picking up, you know, 225 pounds with best form. It's like, dad, what are you doing? He got interested. So fast forward a few years and by the time he was 75, he had several American records in, in several weight classes.


And he deadlifted in the low four hundreds without a belt body weighted 1 98. And in fact when, back at that point when Professor Stewart McGill, who is a very good friend of mine, he came to watch my dad, I think he pulled like three to five for triple before competition in at Gold Gym Venice. And Stu examined his back and he said he had a, you know, muscularity in the back of a 40-year-old. So I thought it was pretty, pretty, pretty cool. So he's not deadlifting right now because an old injury cut up to him. He fell off a tracked vehicle, you know, like imagine a tank without a gun military tracked vehicle on ice in the winter and about 40 years ago.


And there are some things that cut up to him. So he cannot deadlift right now, but he's still twice a week. He does over 50 pull-ups in total and you know, and at least twice a week he does over a hundred perfect body weight squats, like power lifting style squats, you know, and he does that, he does pushups and things like that. So he just stays on top of that and he still maintaining very good strength, very good muscularity. So the approach to building muscle for him is it's that same volume with medium reps and a medium effort. It always works because it builds strength, it builds muscle, it's very safe, it's, it's very enjoyable.


And my mother, she, she used to be a professional ballerina and she got started training since she was six. So she, because she had to train all day, she hates exercise, but she still does it because she must, and she came up with great Anti glycolytic training protocol for herself. So this is something she invented. I had nothing to do with it, but it's just totally goes with Hans's work. She climbs stairs at a high rise and she will climb stairs from one floor to the next. She'll walk the hallway, come back and then go to the next floor.


So that's the same idea that Shanki had, intensify the intensity of contraction and then give a little time to not, so in order to, for the acid not to pile up. So you keep that effort creating phosphate powered and aerobic powered and you know, so she does that for 17 floors or whatever, a few times a week and plus other things. But yeah, I'm very fortunate, very proud of my parents. My father-in-law, Roger, he's a great example and a great grease to groove success story. So he's a retired firefighter and marine and at the age of 64 and he always lifted, very unusual for his generation. He started when he was 15 and never stopped, but he couldn't quite do 20 pull-ups when he was a marine.


So at the age of 64 he got on the greaser groove protocol. So at, so at that point his max was 10 reps. So I said, Roger, every time you go by the pull-up bar hit hit five and when they become really, really easy and then you can add a rep. Well a few months later he finally, he, when he worked up to nine daily reps, he tested, he could do 20 pull ups. So at 64 he finally aced the US Marine Corps pull-up PT test, something that he couldn't do as a young jar had. And yeah, seeing this older folks who are not taking their age, lying down and taking their training very seriously, it's just very admirable. And you know, you see much younger people start complaining, some 30-year-old comes, well I'm aging, I'm getting older, what should I do?


It's like, what's wrong with your son? You know? Yeah, I completely agree. These are inspiring stories, truly inspiring. And people of all ages should pay attention. It's not done in one leap. There's the progressive of course, nature to it. And I think not training to failure just is resurfacing in my mind now as we have this discussion. You know, the idea isn't to to grind, it's to just grease the groove, get in there and do it as a That's right. Practice. Actually, I, I'm gonna change my language around this. I realize that when I call it a practice as a, as a noun, it's not as effective as practice as a verb I'm going to practice. Okay. Not that just for me, this is just my own internal thing, you know, my neuroses insist that I share this, but I do think that semantics are important as you pointed out before, because it has a lot to do with how we feel about ourselves and what we think are, we're capable of.


It starts with being inspired to try something, but also, like, I didn't grow up in a particularly athletic family. You know, not none of us are unathletic, but I didn't think I could be, you know, reasonably strong, have decent endurance. And I wouldn't consider myself an athlete by any stretch, but You're being too modest. But, But my consistency, like I have, I have confidence in like if I bite down into something, there's a good chance I'm gonna do it for the next 30 years, you Know, so well and consistency, my, my friend Jim Wright who passed, he used to say Consistency Over Intensity and that that's absolutely true. If you're doing, if you're doing things correctly with proper form and If you did it over and over, you will win over long term.


Which also interesting, kind of brings me to an interesting point. You made me think of the long term development, athletic development. Here's what I'd like to see in an I perfect world. Nobody has tried that yet, but I imagine a strength athlete starting out using the Soviet system and later, by the way, the Russian power lifting team uses exactly the same training methodology derived from that, which means you training many times a week, let's say squad four or five days a week, and you are doing a lot of reps with this moderate effort and you do this for, for years and you're achieve high level and then at some point you switch to this American power lifting system 'cause your skills are already fully honed and you fully adapted to the type of stimulus that that first system brings.


And you switch, switch to this once a week cycling method. It'll be very interesting to see what, what would happen, how far one could go. So folks in your twenties and thirties get going on it now and we'll have a podcast in a couple of decades That's right. To check back, send us a note or put in the comments. I'd love to talk about body weight training. I love, love, love the book Naked Warrior. Thank you. I got that book initially because in the early days of starting my laboratory, I was traveling a ton and I didn't always have access to gyms and I wanted to try and grease the groove when I arrived in my room in the middle of the night in Germany or whatever. So I still have not succeeded in doing pistol squats on both legs.


So one is I have some dominant and weakness as it were, but I, without any natural strength ability to speak of was able to learn one arm pushups, one arm pullups, I'm not there now. I have to return to that level of, of upper body strength. But it's remarkable what one can do with body weight training. Certainly. And you described some really beautiful progressions in the book. I highly recommend this book folks. Okay. So maybe we could just take the pushup as an example and a handstand pushup as the extreme of that. Right. What I love so much about that book is, for instance, you talk about doing a pushup against the, a wall is trivially easy for most people Sure.


Doing a handstand pushup free, free standing, very difficult. But there's a series progre of progressions in between that maybe you could describe to us that once you realize that, oh, I can work through this over time and if I'm not in a rush to get through it and I just do these a few times a week or more, ah, or a few times a day, a few times a week or more, I could do a handstand, pushup freestanding or a pistol squat or a one arm pushup or a one arm pull up. It's not outside one's reach at all. Absolutely. Yeah. So could you fill in some of the gaps that, so getting people to think about the, the kind of physics of this and the principles behind it, it's such a valuable system and, and one that is a lot of fun too before Talking about this system.


Andrew, may I speak about the relative benefits of different types of resistance please. Okay. Yeah. So the body weight resistance, I'm gonna talk about body weight, kettlebells and barbells, and obviously there are other things as well, but you know, it's gonna take too long. So body weight training, the great advantage of body weight is its accessibility. So you can do a pushup absolutely anywhere. So that is, that's a really huge selling point because for some people, somebody who travels all the time and somebody who's in places where gyms are not available. So that's, that's a great asset. Some people just simply enjoy it greatly. That's, that's just fine.


The downside of body weight training is it's a lot harder to learn these skills than it is, let's say, to learn some many kettlebell skills or even some verbal skills. So it seems very innocent and so easy, but the, it may take time to really get some of this. So that may take time to do it longer, it may, it might take a longer time. The beautiful thing about the barbell is, well first of all, the satisfaction lifting really heavy stuff. Some people find it extremely satisfying. If you don't, maybe it's not for you. But If you do, it's, it's incredible then the ability to adjust, adjust the weights in small increments.


So you can prescribe 87.5%, one wrap max. And you can do that. You cannot do that with body weight. In fact, with body weight, it's very hard to calibrate resistance. That's another one of the problems because you do need to have some skills, figure out the regressions and progressions how to do that. And the other thing, the other great benefit of the barbell is some of the lifts, especially the three power lifts, allow you to make great gains and strengths. And If you choose muscle mass with a very low volume, it's, it's possible to do three sets of five once a week in the squat and get very strong. Try to do that with pistols.


It's just not gonna happen. So reasons for that, we can speculate, we know some reasons we don't know others, but it, it is what it is. The beauty of the Kettle Bell for strength specifically, is it's very easy to teach the body language of strength of the kettlebell. You will think that with a, with a body weight, that should be easier because a lot of the skills that I teach in, in my book, the Naked Warrior, they're either gymnastics or martial arts based. So it's like, okay, here's the hollow position from gymnastics, or here's this little trick from hardstyle martial arts. So they're all, both use body weight. Nevertheless, it's, it's takes a lot more process into figure out how to do this right from scratch.


Like especially contracting your Abs properly. Especially If you don't have Abs to start with. By the time you have them, that's good, but If you don't have them, it's hard. With a Kettle Bell for example, you take, you start doing double front squats with a pair of cattle bells. It's gonna be like zercher, you're gonna, your abdominal wall's gonna light up. You suddenly learn exactly, oh, this is what it means to get tight. Or you stick your elbows inside the knees and do goblet squat. Oh this is what the proper, proper squat feels like. And just very easy to, very easy to integrate, integrate all your body in one lift. And there is an, an apparent disadvantage of the Kettle Bell, which also can be an advantage.


There's no, you can't program 87.5% body weight. I mean one rep max because kettlebells jump in large, you know, like for example, from 53 to 70 pounds for example, that's a big jump. And I mean these days some companies will manufacture kettlebells with small like, you know, small jumps. What's the point? You are defeating some of the reasons for the being for this particular piece of equipment and here's what they are. One is simplicity. You only can have a couple bills and do a lot of things. But the other is when you go, when you suddenly, let's say that you've been pressing a 53 pound Kettle Bell and you're doing a lot of sets and your goal is to press a 70 pound Kettle Bell.


And it's a big jump. So what you're going to do is first of all, you're gonna have to put in a very significant volume of work that foundation of the pyramid. Many strength authors throughout history, bill Starr and many others, use that analogy of volume as being the foundation of the pyramid. You're gonna have to press that 24 kilo many times properly before you are going to have a run at 70. You have to develop the confidence. The other thing is you are gonna have to acquire the skill of tension, total body tension, everything is linked up because when you go up a couple pounds, it doesn't make a difference. You're doing the same thing.


You're not noticing when you go up a lot, everything has to be just so, so as you are doing, going through your sets of five with a 53 pounder, you're also doing just cleans with a 70 pound, you're starting to see what it feels like you're doing, get ups with it. You're starting to see acquiring, see how that weight feels like. Again, we're talking about Disinhibition here. You're planning and owing this weight. So you are forced to put in a very significant volume of work, which means, which is very healthy and will lead to a lot of really healthy adaptations. And you'll forced to develop the skills to make that transition. And plus you're also having that desirable difficulty in skill in learning. There is that concept by Robert Bjork about desirable difficulties for learning.


If learning is very easy, if something's presented and you don't learn much, If you have to struggle, like even if you're reading something and a font is ineligible, ironically you end up learning better. So this is an example of a desirable difficulties. You're progressing this way. So that is for strength, obviously Kettle Bell have their benefits for, for endurance and for for other things as well. But just for adjusting the resistance, oftentimes it's just a matter of preference and a matter of accessibility. So I'm not gonna say you pick this tool, you pick that tool, you pick the other two. But If you decide to pick the body weight, my recommendation would be just be ready for patient for a long road.


Because you have to patiently learn these little subtleties of micromanaging your body. Again, you watch the body language of gymnasts, you watch the San Kata in some styles of karate and you'll see that amazing linking of the different parts of the body into the one chain, how the tension is used. So it's, it's very rewarding. But I would say that's probably the most attention demanding even though it seems so innocent and so simple and so safe. But it demands a lot of attention. But If you, that's your speed and If you enjoy practice, true practice, that's a great way to go. I haven't explored Kettlebell Training so much whenever I've tried the standard kettlebell swing, just kind of if there is such a thing.


But you know, between the legs, two-handed kettlebell swing, I tended to get some right side lower back pain medial glute thing. And I'm sure I'm not doing it correctly and I, I wanted to learn kettlebells properly. You have an online kettlebell course? Yes, we do have several resources. So we have the book Kettlebell Simple and Sinister, we, which is available on Amazon. We have an online course under the same name. We also obviously have workshops live in instructors that you can find locally at our website. Strong first. But I can tell you that of course some people are not supposed to do Swings as is true for every exercise.


For example, in McGill's work, say some people who have problem with shear, sometimes they might have issues, but a great, great number of people, majority people can do Swings very successfully. We have seen some really pretty broken people when they're cleared to do that and when they're coached properly. The big issue is you have to hip hinge, not lift the kettlebell with your back or with your arms. And for that we have very, very specific progressions. You cannot go move beyond this until you do this. Okay, here you are doing this particular hip hinge drill with no weight. Okay good, you got that down. Now you're going to do a cattle belt deadlift, which is just a, you know, sumo deadlift with a light cattle belt.


Then you're gonna progress with a very particular type of S swing. So it's about patients, but the benefits are really worth it. So what are the benefits, let's say, of the kettlebell Swings as opposed to, or snatches? Again, snatch is more of a less democratic exercise like the Dips parallel bar Dips fantastic for those who can do that. But you know, If you can, that's too bad. But they're alternatives. So again, the snatch is great. If you cannot do snatch, you can do swing. So the swing, it allows you to train power and power endurance in extremely safe manner. Because If you try to develop power in a lot of conventional ways, you will find like, okay, you try doing Olympic lifts.


It's very skill intensive trying to learn how to do that. And besides for some athlete's not appropriate racking the bar and overstretching the wrist ligaments, like for example, for fighters, that's a case of doubt. That's a really bad idea. Destabilizing the wrist in this manner. And for many athletes, other athletes too, you know, pitcher doesn't want to do that. Baseball pitcher so high, you know, then you try to do things like sprinting sprinter requires a lot of coaching, proper coaching, much more than a kettlebell swing. And it's very, very easy to rip a hamstring or something like that. So it's this kettlebell swing allows you to train power and power endurance in a very safe manner.


And what's also very unique about it, you don't have to use a lot of weight. What's unique about the kettlebell and the kettlebell swing, another thing about the design, you can swing it back between your legs, but you don't have to let it passively swing between your legs. You can choose to accelerate it. This is called over speed eccentric. So some years back, our colleague, one of our instructors, Brenda Hesler, he put me and several other of our colleagues, instructors on the force plate and we started doing Swings with over speed centric, which means accelerating it downwards and upwards. So we were using just a 53 pound bell. So the most experienced guys, we were able to generate over 10 Gs of acceleration.


So basically we made that 50 pound bell weigh 500 pounds. But if to the listeners who know about how, how the tissues, how the passive tissues can handle the load when the loading is really rapid, it's amazing how these tissues can handle that very, very safely. So you can apply tremendous amount of load. Of course you don't start with that, it's not how you start your Swings. So, and you can develop power endurance. So you can do a whole lot of different, many different sets. Many sets. You've had Megan Kelly vulnerable or certified instructors outta uk. You know, she set a Guinness World record for a crazy number of Swings done in an hour.


And so she would just go, her training is, she would go and do Swings, she'll do a few reps pick up, set it down, and she would do it for let's say 90 minutes. And she would do it with a heavy Kettle Bell. And the adaptations are fantastic from that. In the Kettle Bell world, we refer to what the hell effect. So what's, what the hell effect, what the hell effect is when you're getting an adaptation, that's not a beginner's gain, but it's an adaptation that's totally unexpected. There's some collateral benefit how suddenly you're able, you're able to do something. And the improvements in path loss, improvements in resilience. So res like for example, speaking of resilience, so some of the tactical teams that I worked with in the US here, when they added either Swings or snatches to their training with the kettlebell plus one-legged kettlebell deadlifts as well, they stopped tearing their hamstrings.


Hmm. So you have this amazing way to do eccentric loading for the hamstring, but it's very safe and just really prepares you. One of my friends, he's still playing baseball in the sixties. He says, thank you for the kettlebells. You know, he went through the course in one of the federal agencies 20 years ago and he's still doing that. He's retired, but he's still, he's still doing that. So that's a great benefit. The amount of pure workload that you can do in this amount. That's why you can burn a lot of calories, you can develop cardio, whatever. But also like why would anybody want to do power training who is not a power athlete? Because for so many reasons right now, I don't need to speak about it, that your other guests have for the reasons of Longevity, how important it is to, to have high levels of power.


And the caliber swing is one of the ways, one of the ways to develop it. And interestingly enough, going back like, you know these accelerations, professor of Nikolai Ya of lift top Soviet biochemist, he was just talking about sprints during added sprints when you were adding sprints just to a jog, you know, this kind of a fart like work. He was saying, how I import how good it is for elderly and for teenagers, how good it is. So the cattle bill, even if you're not sprinting, If you don't know how to sprint, you're able to get so many of this youth promoting benefits. And again, you have one tool that can train all the qualities. You can develop mobility, you know, the bent press, that's a tremendous exercise.


The bend press where the mobility of the T-spine, the mobility of the shoulder. So like you wore a watch and watch for example, Dr. Dr. Pope Mosley, he's one of our instructors and he's also a, a doctor biomed researcher. I mean the gentleman is 70 years old and he's doing this beautiful bent presses, getting himself in the range of motion that young guys, you know, on their phones can possibly get into. And he is doing it in a healthy manner. So you can develop mobility, you can develop strength, you can develop endurance and resilience in all one, one package. So obviously I'm biased and I'm not saying it's the only way to go, but that's one relative benefit, one of the many relative benefits of kettlebells.


But in the overall lifelong journey, like if you're looking at three things right now, your newest strengths, what should I start with? I would say start with the kettlebell. It's the best entry point. We find it so easy to start coaching people in power lifting or transition 'em to some body weight strengths after training them with kettlebells. It's, it's extremely easy because they've get that body weight language of strengths down. I'm going to have a few questions in the upcoming months about kettlebells. I'll try not to bother you too many times, but I'll, I'll, I'll be happy to answer Them. Use the thank you. I'll use the course as a guide, but I, I'm determined to, to derive some of these benefits of, of kettlebells because kettlebells have been around me for, for over a decade now and I, I just haven't quite taken to them, not through some aversion, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna approach it correctly.


I love the body weight work, the body weight work. I don't know, maybe it's takes me back to PE class when I was in high school or something. When we do we, these fit, sure fit tests, it's usually some pullups, some pushups, a reach and a and a run or something like that. Like a, like a, you know, straight legged toe reach. Who knows if it's a meaningful metric, but in any case, something so satisfying about going from struggling with pushups, being able to do a one arm pushup or something like that. And you describe it in, in how to make that progression in the book for people that, And probably just to interrupt you, please. Yeah, please. And it's also cool that you're a bigger guy and you're doing that. This is what I love to see. And we're seeing that as strong first a lot.


We'll have to see bigger guys and gals getting into the body weight exercises because that's not typical of their strengths. We like to see skinny people getting into the barbell and just go against the, like for example, seeing somebody like Dr. Mike Harle, one of our master instructors, you know, he's a former American bench press record holder and coach for the power lifting team, USA, I mean, watching him do one pushups, you gotta love that stuff because normally big guys hate body weight work. That's Humbling. And little guys hate barbell. And we just get, and not just guys, women we have, we have these ladies, these skinny little ladies lifting amazing weights. That's just always awesome to see that.


It Is awesome. And I love that Strength Training, resistance training is starting to really make a showing here in the US and the general public. I think it iss one of the best things to happen in the last few years. And this discussion, your knowledge is gonna put even more momentum behind that. If I just made to guide people just briefly on a very high level, great news, you have so many choices. Bad news, you have so many choices. So pick one program with an established track record and just stick with it and follow it for a long time. Do not try to over customize everything. Daniel Conman spoke. How much algorithms outperform humans? So often, I've seen this over and over, how a properly designed strengths program or endurance program that was generic design, but with certain, you know, feedback loops in there, okay, if this happens, you have to go back and make some changes.


Deliver much better results and customized programs very often. So find something that's simple. Find something that does not have a lot of moving parts and, and just stick with this for a long time. If it's working, do not look for the, for the next thing because the next thing maybe it's as good, maybe not. But also do keep in mind that every time you change gears you lose momentum. You know, you are, you're a neuroscientist. I dunno If you spoke to your audience about the law of neural darwinism, but the, there's a competition between the synaptic side. So you have the pathways, so you can only do so many things.


Well, so a child can do everything but not but poorly. But as we get older, some, you know, some of these pathways get pruned, but others get reinforced and unfortunately we can't excel at everything. So there's this classic example with, and not just physically, mentally as well, cognitively as well. This classic example with taxi drivers, back in the days before GPS taxi cab drivers, they were supposed to pass an extremely challenging test how to navigate through the city that was not designed to be navigated through. And they found that certain part of their hippocampus was more developed than, than in others.


And so this, you know, so they thought, well, maybe it's just pre pre-selection, maybe whoever made it through the test were the guys with a more muscular hippo campa, you know, and then they monitored, then they monitored two groups of students over several years and they said they start with the same size. And in the group that passed their brain, so to say, got bigger in that part and the others they didn't. Okay. But then at the same time, in a different test of a different test of memory, the, the guys who passed the test, they were not so good. So they lost something in the process. It's just life. It's many things in life or zero sum game. You want to seek some balance up to a point.


But there comes a point where you know, you cannot do it all. We are limited in time. We're limited in our adaptive capacity. Yeah, amen to that. And I appreciate you highlighting the London cab drivers experiment. Your, your knowledge of neuroscience is truly impressive here. Way DeGeneres. Thank you. No, It's true. No other guest on here has discussed long-term depression, which it's My dad said Andrew know something, my dad me early on. Cool. It's cool. That is good Things happen in junctions of fields. Mm. If you always stay exactly just in your own narrow field and you're just, you know, it just the same things repeated. But when you start going to somewhere else a little bit outside, it's a jazz. Whether it's neuroscience, whether it's, okay, how do they, you know, what are the martial arts skills?


How do the martial artists do for striking or somewhere else? I think that's just really interesting to kind of a step a little bit outside your comfort zone. And sometimes you see patterns. That's what happens. Your father's a smart, smart Man. Thank you. Kids and young people training, I don't know what the going word is now as to whether or not there's a, you know, too young to what? To resistance train age. You know, some people say there isn't, when I was growing up, it was thought that If you squatted heavy or you deadlifted heavy before you reached your natural limits of your height, that it could quote unquote stunt your growth. Like your comments on that. But based on what we were just talking about, it seems that if a young person is interested in developing a super skill in one area, one sport, okay, but there's a real trade off to that.


And perhaps what we should do as kids is a little bit of soccer, a little bit of swimming. Sure. A little bit of gym gymnastics seems like a wonderful all around sport. Maybe a little archery, you know, try a bunch of things, some ballet, you know, try, try it. Well that's the time to do that. Yeah. That's explodes that neurodiversity and the things that you can possibly do and then find the things that you click with. And for the physical body, early specialization destroys athletes. It is really terrible because early on kids absolutely need to do a wide variety of different activities and really pursue a fairly balanced development. You know, there may be a bias towards strengths or bias towards endurance, but they really need to do it all. And specialist athletes break.


They, they break, they really do. So that balance between general and specific, it's a tough balance. Yeah. And psychologically sometimes too, we had a guest on here who's become a psychologist, but she was a concert level violin player, then injured her finger and it was like the most devastating thing, you know, when we put all of our sort of identity into one thing. Sure, you get your Michael Jordans and you get your Tiger woods' and, But, and those are, and seriously there's no right answer or wrong answer. So I remember Ivana Baji, who was a head coach for the Bulgarian weightlifting team. He says, if Paganini played whatever instrument, you know, in addition to his own instrument playing in 15 hours a day, he would not have become Paganini.


And that's true, but I'm not saying that specialization is necessarily the right choice for everybody. Some, some people prefer to be decent in many things and it is healthy. But you still have to decide, you still have to make decisions very much. You're looking like at a budget, do I want to buy a couch or do you want to go on a vacation to Italy or do I want to go on a much LaMer vacation and buy a LaMer couch and do both? And I'm not saying what's the right answer right there, but just people do have to understand there are, there are limitations. They can't successfully compete in two sports, for example. It's not gonna happen. Especially if it's a power sport and endurance sport and they can't study everything to a high level just as well.


If you wanna be a polymath that could, that, that was fine in the 18th century right now it's a little bit tougher. Yeah. Previous guest, you may know him, Josh Waitzkin of Yes, you know, chess prodigy fame, he's gone on to do several things at world class level by severing from the previous endeavor completely. He hasn't picked up a chess piece since he was 16, which is remarkable pivoting to other things. But when one looks at the data on child prodigies, very few of them are like Josh. Most of them don't actually succeed in doing anything else at a very high level except hopefully survive and thrive in their personal life. Who knows, after being ultra successful as a young child, probably because their Nervous System is so, you know, they grease the groove so heavily for one endeavor.


It's very hard to cross over. Josh is exceptional in that regard. Well, exceptions prove the rule usually. Right? Exactly. Not to say too mechanical and specific, but I'd love to talk about abdominal or rather Core Work. Sure. Another thing that I love in the naked warrior are the abdominal exercises. I must tell you, after years of doing some crunches here and there in different, you know, for whatever this class or that class or trying to, I never really cared about having my Abs defined for its own sake. One should probably be able to at least contract their Abs. Okay. It's a the level of We assess them by Punching them. Right? Right. All right. Exactly. But there's some wonderful exercises in there about learning to brace the entire body.


And some, dare I say, some rather unorthodox ways of assessing stability at the level of the core. I'm thinking about the, the plank where somebody tries to either kick you over or push you over. This might sound violent, this is not where you start folks. It's Kind of gentle. But I never thought I could do like hanging pikes for instance. And like now pikes are standard part of my weekly routine. I love doing five sets of five of hanging pikes. Great, great. And, and I will tell anyone that decides to go down this path that when I first tried to do a pike, I failed miserably. I tried an L sit, failed miserably, tried to the, you know, hanging from the bar and just getting into a chair position and could just barely hold that.


The progressions are what matter, right? Slow progression in patients. Now five sets of five pikes trivial, great for me. But when I, I just want to emphasize that when I started, I was far, far away from that. And it's the progressions in the book that really helped me. And I've maintained that pike ability. So that's excellent. So thank you for that. Thank you. And I say not, not to necessarily to highlight what I can do, but that to highlight what I do believe most anybody can do, If you put the work in, They can't, if they put a, a lot of attention in. So midsection training is one of the most misunderstood and messed up areas of physical culture. There's a thousand different exercises and people are like, oh, you gotta have variety, this many reps.


That's not the point. The point really is tension and attention. So that's, those are the two things. And ideally your best first step is really learning abdominal tension through something like a Zercher Squat or double kettlebell front squat where the load distribution is such that it forces reflexive stabilization. And you feel, oh, that's what tide Abs feel like. And getting somebody just weak in the plank, it's, it's hopeless. There's absolutely not gonna help. It's, it's not, there are ways of building up to it, yes. By rolling in the back and so on. So, but If you don't have that option, or If you choose not to exercise it, you have to be extremely attentive to the details of what's going on on your abdomen.


So you need to learn things like, for example, you need to learn to contract the pelvic diaphragm, pull your butt up because you're trying to con, you know, trying to constrain the intraabdominal pressure. Then you need to learn how to direct attention to the different parts of your abdomen. Almost like a body bodybuilder, but really not quite more like a gymnast. There is this argument about in strength world, about, you know, internal focus, external focus and queuing. And the agreement is in motor learning. Well, external focus queuing is so much better than focusing on, you know, whatever happens within the individual muscle. It may be true in the beginning, and it may be true outside of the strengths game, but any top strength athlete that you'll meet, they have their own internal cues, how they do something later on, they may forget 'em, it just expires on, you know, but they know how to, this is how, this is how I engage the lat in the, in the bench press.


George Halbert bench press world record holder famously said, it took him many years to finally understand how the triceps is used in the bench press many years. So there is a lot of internal component. And for the Abs, very, very much so. You have to learn how to very much direct your attention there. To get high tension, you have to keep the rep slow. Like you said, five sets of five perfect high reps are not necessary. You're not gonna burn off fat by doing more reps. You're just gonna irritate your back. That's all you're gonna do. Nothing else. So you treat your rep training very much like a, like a, like a strength, strength vent. And If you do that, you're gonna get those results. And finally the final detail is you need to use that intraabdominal pressure as your friend.


Because in lifting like a deadlift or a squat or something, an interra abdominal pressure helps you, it supports you when you're doing abdominal work, you work against that abdominal pre intraabdominal pressure. You just create that pressure and contract against it. This is something called intern isometrics. So it's kind of interesting. It's just a combination of classic strength work with very internalized, kinda almost like a martial arts approach to it. Then you need to learn also how to obviously use your Abs and lifts and lifting. And once you do, and this is the beauty, you don't really have to train your Abs anymore. So Franco kalo Kaumba, for example, great example. In addition to winning, you know, being super strong and winning Mr.


Olympia, he won the best Abs. He didn't train Abs, he said, he told me I hate ab training. He just would stay tight whenever he did his heavy lifts. And this is pretty much what happens when you reach a certain level of strength and a certain level of awareness simply staying tied during your strength work and also employing power breathing, which is very important. You're gonna be able to, to get as strong as, as you need in the Abs and get your six pack or whatever provided, you know, you don't eat the Twinkies. So how do you Pressurize the, in fact, may I show an abdominal exercise right now that is just sitting at the table that's also going to teach you how teach your audience how to properly Pressurize for lifting.


So normally it's better than standing, so it's not for people with high blood pressure or heart concerns. You know, check with your doctor if that's the situation. So you take a normal breath in your abdomen and you pull up your butt pretty much like imagine you have to go to the restroom and you trying to, you can't quite, you know, it's far away. You're trying to stop yourself. And then you put your tongue between your teeth and you start and you start hissing and you do this in this ratcheting kind of manner. So try to keep all the pressure outta your head out of your neck, direct all the pressure it, all this pressure is just to really staying below.


And so this type of hissing, You will notice that very rapidly. You're gonna contract everything around your waist. So everything around your waist is going to contract and you're gonna strain your abdomen. And you're also gonna start learn how to properly, how to properly stabilize yourself under, under heavy weights. The difference between using this technique for lifting and for just training the Abs, when you're training the Abs, there's gonna be some spinal flexion, not a whole lot. You don't wanna do a lot of that. There's gonna be some spinal flexion. When you're doing that under a heavy barbell squat, you're maintaining your spine is neutral. It's like your body stays a cylinder and you are going to hold your breath pretty much.


But the idea is the same. So it's like, so Deval Salva maneuver, one Russian coach called it, it's, it's an ex, it's a, it's an exhalation. That didn't happen. Okay? 'cause people don't know how their breath properly. They just, and then eyes are bulging out. Well, there's no stability right here. So firstly you gotta inhale low. And how do you do that? If you watch top lifters how they do that, they'll do it through purse slips. You can also do it through the nose, but you cannot do it through big wide open mouth. So I'll show you why. So If you, you can, your folks can try it at home. So If you put your hand on your stomach and try to do an abdominal breath, it doesn't go very well.


Now for contrast, pinch off one nostril, take an abdominal breath, or you can do that through per slips, right? Again, so you see more resistance, more resistance, and again, you are engaged in the diaphragm instead of just, just your thorax right there. So you take that breath into your abdomen in like through a small opening through your nose or through or through your purse slips. You draw it in right there and then, you know, down below you pull it, pull it up, and then after that it's that, that exhalation that didn't happen.


Do you see? I See. So I, I'm familiar with sort of bracing my Abs. What I've not done before is the resisting going to the bathroom thing that you mentioned. Sure. The pulling up of the butt. Yep. And then, and then, so you're creating compression from the bottom and from the top And also from all around. That happens reflexively as well. I see. So that's the position to get in into before say like a, a hard a Zercher Squat or something like That. Absolutely, absolutely. And If you are doing that for an exercise that's long, long in duration, you know, If you don't wanna be holding your breath too long, then we have an expression that comes from one of the car test styles, breathing behind the shield. So, so right now I can speak to you, but I'm still just as student.


So you see what you're doing. So the way we tested it, our, where we teach it at our workshops is you lie on the ground, I tell you to tense up, then I'm gonna stand on your stomach and I'm gonna have you sing a song. And you're gonna have to learn to properly maintain that pressure while still containing, containing continuing to breathe. So you're able to stabilize your spine, but you're not going to pass out from maintaining that by, by holding your breath for a period of time. And then finally what you gotta do learn to do is you gotta learn to match the breath with the force. So synchronize, synchronize, when you're punching, when you're throwing, when you're lifting, you have to learn how to match that contraction.


The timing of the abdominal contraction and the pressurization. Sometimes escalation, sometimes just pretending to with the effort, once you learn how to match the breath with the force is like magic. And what people don't realize is not just purely mechanical mechanically, yes, of course it works. You know, Stu explained this so well about the stiffness of the structure, the analogy of the bicycle frame, it's the same thing. You're getting an expensive bicycle frame when you have strong Abs as opposed to the cheap one that rattles and wiggles. But there's also something that it's never, never spoken about in the west. For some reason, the Soviet study that decades ago, this is something they called the Pneumo magmatic reflex pneumo is P-N-E-U-M-O.


So air, so there are barrier receptors, receptors for sensors for pressure inside your abdominal cavity and thoracic cavity. So whenever these receptors are stimulated, what they do, they automatically increase the sensitivity of alpha motor neurons. So, which really means to the audience is this, If you imagine your brain is the music player, and imagine your muscle is, is a speaker, the amount of intraabdominal pressure is your volume control. So by, by increasing that pressure, increasing the strength. But by, by releasing that intraabdominal pressure, you relax the muscle.


So that's why in stretching, as I mentioned before, you can't be sitting in a half split and groaning. No, you need to release, If you release that passive breath again, you're gonna, your muscles are going to relax. So controlling your breath is very much as is known in martial arts. It's very much synonymous with controlling your body and your mind very often. Fantastic. When one throws a punch, is it true that exalt is actually providing additional power or It's no question about it. Okay. Yeah, it's been, it's been measured. It's been measured in fighters.


It's also been measured in lifting as well. There was a study that was done in the west, even when screaming increases strength significantly. And again, this is not just a psychological component. I mean there may be some psychological component to that, but again, there's this very distinct increase of strength through, through that, through that reflex. And it's very easy for the listeners to test that, get a dynamometer, hand gripper and just test yourself on that and just see, test it out on different, with different breathing patterns and just see what happens. And whenever, you know, this idiotic practices, some gyms, oh you can't grant right here.


And it's just, well, I guess you can be strong here. And yeah, of course if you're doing this on purpose, you're walking in with the bros and you're just trying to, just to make noise, to attract attention, that's wrong. But strength is a noisy endeavor. So there may be some hissing, there may be some grunting. It's, it's just absolutely unavoidable. And it's if, If you are, if you're trying to be quiet and if you're trying to be a lady or a gentleman, well maybe it's not for, it's for, it's for somewhere else, not for the gym. So some potentially trivial questions, but I think they are not trivial. I hope they're not. In any case, where should we place our eyes when we're in exertion?


Close our eyes and grind it out. Look at form in the mirror. I'm a big fan of gyms without mirrors. Yes. Because I have to concentrate on the form. Vision is a powerful tool and, and source of feedback, but also a source of a lot of things. There must be a rule about this, or at least a set of guidelines for, are we eyes closed and grimacing? Are we checking our bicep vein in the mirror? Just kidding. Don't do that. Folks, during a lift, where should our eyes be? Is there any idea that looking up it makes it easier to drive up out of the bottom of a squat? Has this been explored? Well, there are, it has, there are several, there's several sides to that.


Part of it is the spinal safety. So stool will tell you that extending the neck is going to facilitate the entire posterior chain. And he'll also tell you that lifters with longer necks may be able to get their heads up and that might work better for them for some other lifters, especially those with pronounced lordosis where they're very arch, big arch in the back that may arch them too much, that might be inappropriate or just kick their neck. It's, it's all possible. And so a lot of coaches these days and lift like a deadlift, they try to, including Andy Bolton.


Andy Bolton, he's the legendary dead lifter. He's the one, the first lifter to lift over 1000 pounds in the deadlift. And Andy and I, we co-authored the book, the Deadlift Dynamite. So Andy's got a most beautiful deadlift, just the most incredible, beautiful deadlift. So Andy's, what Andy does is pretty much what the standard recommendation for most people is these days where you're maintaining a neutral neck and your eyes kind of a go with that. So you get yourself in the position, you know, on the bottom of the deadlift, like where your head is, the continuation of your body, like you're an insect or something. And then you look at the spot on the ground that's appropriate and your eyes will come up.


So that's a good general standard recommendation for people with long necks looking straight ahead. It's, it's a good recommendation. Some lifters succeed with crazy ideas. Lamar Gant that again, pound per pound, the biggest dead lifter he was in tremendous hyperextension. He was looking at the ceiling. Then at a high level of competition, there are some other subtle ways. Some things people try. So constant constantino from lava, he was another great dead lifter who passed. He, he would look down at the start, he would look absolutely down. He was pretty much, and If you look at, If you look at it from your perspective, when your neck is inflection, interestingly enough that facilities the knee extensors, which is really, really weird.


Yeah. And that, that's when I put my chin toward my chest. Not all the way down, but yeah, yeah, yeah. You will find that your quads are going to be stronger. Yeah. But it's not for everybody. For somebody else, that's a great way to mess up, mess up the back. So there are some, there are some subtleties and there are also some people who really get fancy with the eyes eye movement, you know, follow the bar, do these other things. Like it comes from gymnastics. Good rule of thumb is If you look straight ahead, more often than not, you're gonna be okay. But from that, there are a lot of fancy ways to do it. As for closing your eyes, closing your eyes is not recommended. It changes the coordination of the lift. But for advanced lifters lifting B blindfolded is a really good idea.


So Robert Roman, one of the top Soviet specialists, he pioneered that and he would have his lifters do some of the sets blindfolded. And it's really amazing at how much, not relying on your vision, relying on your anesthetic sense, what that does. It's, it's quite remarkable. And also, just to add one more thing, at a competition, at least in power lifting, a lot of, I mean, the top guys, they don't see anything really, you know, they're just deep inside their rage. They're not, it's a total tunnel vision, auditor, exclusion, everything. So it's whatever they had in, they had in whatever remembered position. But don't ask 'em to look at you or see you.


It's not gonna happen. They're someplace else. Yep. Paval, I must say this has been a spectacular voyage through. You're very kind, Andrew. It's been, it's been a real pleasure. Very, very stimulating conversation. Oh, Thank you. And I'm going to just embarrass you a little bit further by, by telling you more positive things about you. 'cause I noticed it makes you uncomfortable. It's perhaps the only thing that makes you uncomfortable. But in all seriousness, I don't think any, I can't sense any discomfort. I, I wanna just thank you for a number of things that are reflective, I'm sure of what other people are thinking. First of all, the level of rigor that you've approached, this whole thing of strength and fitness and flexibility and breathing and, you know, every one of these topics, too many to list off just now is, it's remarkable.


It's really fantastic. I, I love my job. So that's, that's Easy. This comes through and, and it's rare these days, but it's rare in any age to find people that are so dedicated to this level of rigor in, in a given area. And, and it's so appreciated. Thank you. Coming from you. It means a lot. Thank you. Yeah. We really, we need people like you. You're, you're truly a scientist and a practitioner. You embody the principles that you discuss clearly, which is also important. If I could blush, I would write. Now Russians don't blush. No, no. Got it. A topic for another podcast. So the, the, the rigor and the quality of the information that you put forth in your books and on this podcast and elsewhere, your online course is just absolutely spectacular.


And I hope people noticed, you know, I couldn't help but notice as an, as an academic, but your attention to proper attribution for people that have done the work and accomplished the various feats from whom you've gleaned various aspects of this knowledge is not to be overlooked. Because that's something that's so lacking. These things, it Go without saying It, it's just, it's so, it's, it's remarkable. And it's important to highlight. It should go without saying it, Billy shouldn't it? Yeah. It should go without saying, but it doesn't, you know, these days it's more about who can glean the most attention as opposed to shed light on others and, and their work. And in doing so, as, as we've observed, there's absolutely nothing is lost and so much has gained. It's for everybody.


So thank you that that's a proper attribution. Thank you. Frank Words is, is spectacular. And I really look forward to sharing the resources where people can learn more. But already today, you've just provided such a wealth of knowledge for us, and it's a real honor to sit here with you and to learn from you. I plan to listen to this podcast several times over and, and take detailed notes. We timestamp it all. Thank you. And I just hope that we'll have the opportunity at some point to sit down again and as well perhaps to get the opportunity to train together. So I personally could learn from you. But in the meantime, on behalf of myself and everyone listening and watching, thank you ever so much, Pavo. You're, thank you, Andrew.


You're a real, you're real, real pleasure. You're A real gem. Thank you. And thank you for spreading the, spreading the word of health and strength, strength and health. Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Pavo Satin. I hope you found it to be as interesting and as actionable as I did. To learn more about Pavel's work, including his books, his online courses, and other resources. Please see the show note captions. If you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please click follow for the podcast on both Spotify and Apple and on both Spotify and Apple. You can leave us up to a five star review. If you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or guests or topics you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comment section on YouTube.


I do read all the comments. Please also check out the Sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast.


For those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled Protocols and Operating Manual for the Human Body. This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience. And it covers protocols for everything from sleep to exercise, to stress control, protocols related to focus and motivation. And of course, I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included. The book is now available by presale at Protocols Book dot com. There you can find links to various vendors. You can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called Protocols and Operating Manual for the Human Body.


If you're not already following me on Social Media, I am Huberman Lab on all Social Media platforms. So that's Instagram X, formerly known as Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Threads. And on all those platforms, I discuss science and science related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the content on the Huberman Lab podcast. Again, that's Huberman Lab on all Social Media platforms. And If you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network Newsletter, the Neural Network Newsletter is a zero cost monthly newsletter. That includes podcast summaries as well as what we call protocols in the form of one to three page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep, how to optimize dopamine, deliberate cold exposure.


We have a foundational fitness protocol that covers Cardiovascular Training and resistance training. All of that is available completely zero cost. You simply go to Huberman Lab dot com, go to the menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to newsletter, and enter your email. And I should emphasize that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion with Pavo. And last, but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.