
Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app.


Today. Today's story is a good old fashioned spooky story. It's about a missing person in Taiwan, and it takes a totally bizarre turn. And I'll say most of you will probably get the most thrill out of the apartment scene. Believe me, you'll know the scene when you get to it, and it's towards the end of the podcast. So make sure you stick around to the end if you enjoy being spooked. But before we get into today's story, if you're a fan of The Strange Dark and Mysterious, delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do. and we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday So. If that's of interest to you. The next time the Follow button is at work, go ahead and sneak into their house and crawl into their bed, and then open up a Nature Valley crunchy granola bar and very sloppily, eat it.


So Crumbs go everywhere in their bed. And then without cleaning up anything, just pull the covers over your mess and leave. Okay, let's get into today's story.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, really any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. One of my favorite audio titles is definitely the Road written by Cormick McCarthy. It's a thrilling, but devastating story of a father and son migrating South for the winter while trying to avoid cannibals in a post-apocalyptic landscape. I highly recommend a Listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days Audible dot com slash ballin.


Okay, most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions, but get this, the real number is closer to $300. That is literally thousands of dollars a year, half of which you've probably forgotten about. Thankfully, rocket Money can find a bunch of subscriptions you've forgotten all about, and then help you cancel the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Wondery. That's rocket money.com/ Wondery rocket money.com/ Wondery.


On the morning of February 4th, 1991, a taxi cab driver named Wang was chatting with the taxi dispatcher at headquarters when suddenly, for no clear reason, the dispatcher stopped talking to Wang and just began staring intently at something behind Wang. And so Wang noticed this, and right away he turned around to see what it was he was looking at. But all Wang could see was just a window that looked out to this huge fenced in parking lot that was full of taxi cabs and their drivers. This is where they would go to wait for fares. And where the taxi headquarters were located was right near the airport in a very busy city called Ga Chung City in Taiwan. And so taxi cabs in this area were really in high demand.


And so as Wang looked out at the very busy parking lot full of drivers talking to potential customers, you know, to Wang, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. It was just a typical busy day. But when Wang kind of looked at the dispatcher like, I don't really see what you see, the dispatcher just raised his finger and kind of pointed in the direction that he was staring. And so Wang turned around again, and this time when he looked in the direction the dispatcher was pointing, he could see immediately why the dispatcher was reacting the way he was, because the dispatcher was pointing at one of their colleagues. So another taxi driver whose name was Leo Shui Chung. And as Wang looked out at him, he saw Leo was sprinting across this very busy parking lot full of all these cabs and drivers and customers.


And Leo was clutching this big golden statue of Buddha in his arms as he ran. And so Wang and the dispatcher watched Leo, and what he did is he kept running all the way across the lot until he got to his taxi cab, at which point he practically dove inside of it. He slammed the door, locked every door, and then began looking around frantically like he was expecting someone to show up who had been like chasing him or something, but there was nobody around his car. And Wang and the dispatcher kind of scanned the parking lot and they didn't see anybody who seemed remotely interested in Lao. And so Wang and the dispatcher continued to watch Lao from the window, and they saw eventually Layo stopped kind of scanning around for other people.


And at that point, he took that golden statue of Buddha and he placed it up on the dash of his cab. And this was not the first Buddha statue that he had put up there from Wang and the dispatcher's perspective. It looked like he had at least two or three that were right up there alongside this new one. And then after Leo placed this new golden statue, he sort of sat back in his chair. And from Wang and the dispatcher's perspective, it sort of looked like he had closed his eyes and was praying or mumbling something. But you know, whatever he was doing, it just seemed kind of odd. And so eventually Wang and the dispatcher stopped watching Leo, who still just continued to sit back in his chair and you know, mumble or pray or something. And then Wang and the dispatcher looked at each other and they exchanged very concerned looks because they both knew, you know, Leo was kind of a weird guy.


But from his behavior today, it just seemed like, you know, something must be wrong with Leo. There has to be some issue. So for context, Leo was this 30 5-year-old guy who lived alone, and he had this reputation of being very antisocial and kind of just rude, like he had terrible manners. But recently, Wang and the dispatcher and other taxi drivers who worked at this company had noticed that Leo's behavior had gone from being kind of awkward and antisocial to being kind of menacing, like not even including the weird behavior he was exhibiting. Now, just like in his day-to-Day interactions with people, he was just really aggressive.


Like he always would tell his colleagues at the taxi company how much he hated stray cats and dogs. and you know, a lot of people found these stray cats and dogs in their neighborhood in the city to be a bit of a nuisance. You know, they'd rummage through trash and make noise or whatever, but nobody really paid them much attention. They were just stray animals trying to survive. Like it wasn't a big deal. But for Leo, he like obsessed over hating the stray cats and dogs and how much he wanted them to get out of his neighborhood. And somewhat recently, he had come to work and told his colleagues that he had gone out and gotten a crossbo. And at night he'd begun shooting at the Stray Cats and Dogs, which totally horrified his colleagues. And now Leo had this weird thing going on with his Buddha statues that he was putting inside of his cab.


And also in addition to those statues, he had begun putting on the windows inside of his cab, these things called Foos, which are these little strips of yellow parchment paper that basically ward off evil spirits. And so Leo had basically transformed the interior of his cab into this sort of like weird shrine or temple. And in fact, Leo had put up so many of these foos on the inside of the windows. And again, all those statues that sat on the dash that when he drove, he could barely see because his view was totally obstructed. But despite everybody at the company seeing this totally weird behavior playing out with Leo, nobody went up to him and said, Hey, what are you doing with these statues and pieces of paper?


Like, what's going on here? Because nobody wanted to interact with him. He seemed like kind of a menace, and so people just kinda let him do his thing. But now as Wang and the dispatcher are watching Leo like run across the lot and act totally psychotic, they looked at each other and they were like, maybe we should do something. And so Wang volunteered to call the police. And as Wang turned to go walk out and make the call, he saw Leo peeling out of the parking lot, nearly smashing into cars, and people just driving like a total maniac. And so Leo really felt like, okay, yeah, this really is the time to step in. Someone's gonna get hurt here. The following day, Wang would contact his friend in the police department and he would explain what was going on with Leo.


And to Wang's surprise, his friend told him that actually the police were well aware of Leo. and that was because not all that long ago, Leo was actually a suspect in a murder case. So about 10 months earlier, in April of 1990, a 23-year-old woman from Japan named Mariko Ucci had visited Taiwan on vacation. And during this vacation she had gone missing. Now, at the time, the Taiwanese economy really relied heavily on Japanese tourism. And so Taiwan really aggressively marketed to Japan to, you know, come visit, come on vacation here. And so it was pretty common for Japanese college students to visit Taiwan on vacation to celebrate things like a graduation or a birthday party.


And so that's what Marico was doing. She was here celebrating, and she was traveling alone. Also, one sort of quirky thing about Taiwanese culture at the time was it was pretty common for taxi cab drivers to open up their own personal homes to their faires, basically saying, Hey, don't stay at a hotel. I'll give you a ride wherever you're gonna go, but then at night you can stay at my house with my family. And so it was just kind of a thing in Taiwan that people visited and stayed at the homes of their taxi cab drivers. So when Marico came to Taiwan on this vacation, this is what she did. She stayed in the home of the taxi cab driver, and it was during this period of time that she went missing. And so naturally, when the investigation began into her disappearance, the first place police went were the taxi cab drivers.


And so first the police focused on a driver in the capital of Taiwan who said he had given Marico a few rides, he had brought her sightseeing, and then he had let her stay in his home. But he said, you know, after that she left and he didn't see her again. He had no idea what happened to her. And the police would actually discover that after Marico left that particular driver's house, she would send a postcard to her family that was dated after she had left. And so basically this ruled out the first driver as a suspect. And so for a little while, this case went cold because the police couldn't find any other taxi cab drivers that had given Marico a ride. But then a few months later, the police offered a reward for information about what happened to Marico.


and it was then that police got a tip that Marico had been seen speaking to Leo at the train station before she disappeared. But when police spoke to Leo, he immediately said, yes, I did give Marico a ride, but that was it. She didn't stay at my house, it was just this one ride from the train station into town. and you know, after she got out, I have no idea what happened to her. And so police would ask Leo dozens more questions and they would try to get more information from him, but he just didn't have any. And then at the same time, there was this flood of all these new tips that began coming into the police station about this case, but it would turn out a lot of these leads, like all of them were just terrible tips. People were calling in totally random stuff just because now there was this monetary reward for information, and it was kind of incentivizing people to just call in anything.


and it was actually making the investigation much harder because now the police had all these bad tips, and so they really weren't getting anywhere. But despite the slow progress the police were making in this case, this case had really been elevated and become like a huge international news story. And lots of people all over the world were following it. And during this time when all these people are tuned in to this case, really weird things began happening. Surrounding this case, People in the city began receiving all these strange phone calls from this kind of frantic woman speaking Japanese. And in Taiwan, people predominantly speak Taiwanese and Mandarin, not Japanese.


So this is a weird phone call to be getting in Taiwan. And also at this time, you need to remember that Marico's disappearance was kind of all over the news. And so to get these weird calls from a woman speaking Japanese, who sounds totally frantic, it made people in the city believe that it was Marico placing these strange phone calls. But these calls, they didn't make any sense. It was just a woman kind of yelling in Japanese, and then she would just abruptly hang up. And also, there were all these reports of people claiming to have seen Marico or heard Marico just in the city walking around. None of it was substantiated, but there was just kind of this eerie quality to the case. And so when Wang called his friend at the police department to report Leo for his totally weird behavior, this was at a time when the Marico missing person case was still totally front of mind in Taiwan and around the world.


And also the police were still actively investigating this case. And frankly, Leo had not been ruled out as a suspect in this case. He was not considered a primary suspect by any means, but he wasn't ruled out yet. And so the police are hearing that Layo is acting really funny, and it made them think, Hey, maybe we should reinvestigate this guy and see if he really is connected to the Marico missing person case. And so ultimately, after Wang hung up, his friend in the police department got in touch with the lead detective on the Marico case and told him about what was going on with Leo. And this lead detective, whose name was Lynn Shio G, decided he would just put Layo under surveillance to see what he was doing.


Isn't it funny how the people we love most are often the hardest to shop for? Luckily, there's one gift that everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. An Aura Digital picture frame named number one by Wirecutter Aura Frames make it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. We all have someone in our family who is not very tech savvy, but thanks to the Aura Frame, I was able to share my holiday and vacation photos directly to their frame. How cool is that? And when you give an Aura Frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with photos and a thoughtful message using the Aura app, making it an ideal present for long distance loved ones. It's a gift so special, they'll use it every day. So that's it. No more hunting for the perfect gift because we've got you covered. Think about all the amazing photos you guys took this year, the holidays, the vacations, that crazy Wedding party. Give your people the gift of remembering the good times with an Aura frame. For a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off or as bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code ballin at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code ballin. This exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


There are so many reasons to travel. Apogee Travel is giving you a new one, and it's real good with Apogee Travel. You get the same hotel deals as all the other booking sites, but now you can support charities you care about at the same time. You don't have to change where you go, what you do, or how much you pay. All you have to change is where you book. You pick your hotel deal, choose your charity to support and enjoy your trip. Simple as that. Apogee Travel is changing the booking industry for good. Book your next trip and make a real difference@apogeetravel.com or download the Apogee Travel mobile app in the app stores.


Starting sometime in the middle of February of 1991, detective Lynn and a few of his colleagues began taking turns trailing Leo, basically 24 7. And so the police just kept their distance and they followed Leo all around the city as he picked up his fares. and you know, the police never got out to talk to any of the fares, you know, to get insights into whatever Leo might've been saying inside the cab. They just kind of watched from a distance and just wanted to see if there was any obvious red flags. Detective Lynn figured, you know, if Leia was somehow involved in whatever happened to Marico, let's say she was killed, and let's say Leia was responsible for killing her, maybe if they followed Layo long enough, he might drive to an area that was kind of connected to her murder.


Maybe her grave site or the place where he killed her or something. You know, going to kind of strange random locations without affair would likely be an indication to police that that was a place of interest. But as the police tailed layout, that's not what he did layout basically. Never ever left his cap layout. Basically just picked up a passenger, drove them where they needed to go, and then repeat it over and over and over again all day long. And then at the end of the night, instead of going home to his apartment, that police knew he had, he would just sleep inside of his cab, just like in parking lots and stuff. And the only times he would go into his apartment appeared to be just so he could go to the bathroom or maybe shower or something, 'cause they would see him through the window.


But whenever Lay went into his apartment, he went through the same totally weird ritual every time he would be in his cab parked out front of his apartment. And the police are, you know, parked far enough away that they can watch this and lay, at some point would begin kind of frantically looking all around him as if he was looking for somebody who was trying to hurt him or who was spying on him or something. And then after kind of making sure the coast was clear, lay would open up his door and sprint like absolutely as fast as he could into his apartment building. And he'd only be in there for like a couple of minutes before he'd come bombing back out and practically dive into his cab. And he would shut all the doors, lock all the doors, and then, you know, he'd clutch his golden statues and he'd rub his foos that were taped all over the inside of his cab, and he'd continue frantically looking around, you know, to make sure nobody was there to hurt him or something.


And then after a little while, he'd kind of calm down, he'd put a statue back on the dash, he'd kind of make sure his foos were all in place, and then he would drive away. So of course, layout's behavior, you know, from the police's perspective was totally bizarre. But in Detective Lynn's mind, it didn't really seem like the behavior of a murderer. It seemed more like the behavior of someone who had lost their mind. Finally, on March 4th, 1991, detective Lin decided that he just needed to speak to layout, which required, you know, basically ambushing layout. So Detective Lin coordinated with his officers who were out surveilling layout, and he had them tell him when Lay was at his apartment, you know, going in to use the bathroom.


And when they called into Detective Lin that, Hey, he just got to his apartment, he's about to run inside Detective Lin and some other officers raced to the apartment, and they were already outside for whenever Lay came running back out to dive back into his cab, they were going to intercept him. And now Detective Lynn and his colleagues didn't really know how layout was going to react to having all these police standing there ready to grab him. I mean, was this guy gonna be hostile? Was he gonna be aggressive? Was he gonna be scared? Sad? They had no idea. It just seemed like layout was totally unstable. So they all kind of had to be ready for whatever reaction he was gonna have. However, the way layout ultimately reacted to this was not the way any of the officers suspected.


When layout came bombing out of his apartment, after a very short bathroom break, he began charging down the stairs towards his cab. And then seemed to kind of realize there were all these detectives and police officers all standing in front of him, literally getting ready to grab him and lay just collapsed to his knees and began sobbing and thanking them over and over and over again. Now, detective Lin had no idea what this was. He didn't really understand what Lay was thanking them for, but he didn't waste any time trying to figure out what was going on. Instead, detective Lin just went up to lay and said, Hey, we need to speak to you at the station. Will you come with us? And Lay was like, of course I will. Of course I will. And so Detective Lynn drove lay to the police station, and when they got there, lay was saying things like, oh, I wish I could just stay at the police station with you all.


Like, this is where I'm safe. I wanna stay here. Now, Lynn didn't really respond to this, he just kind of said, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they went inside together to head towards the interview room. And as they're walking there, lay is saying over and over again to Detective Lynn and any of the officers he passes by, you know, thank you so much, you're my savior. Thank you. Now, the police had no idea why Lay was treating them like his saviors, because to them they're like, dude, we just ambushed you and brought you to the police station to question you about potentially being involved in a murder. So I don't know how we saved you, but it would turn out Lay had a really compelling reason to believe they really had just saved him because it would turn out, Layo had this absolutely terrifying thing happening inside of his apartment Just several minutes earlier when Lay had run into his apartment.


So right before he charged back outside and police grabbed him and took him to the station. You know, when he was still inside of his apartment, he stepped inside and the apartment was totally dark, all the lights are off, all the shades are drawn. And immediately layout felt his heart starting to race. And he looked around his apartment and it was totally silent, but then he heard it. He could hear on the far side of his apartment in a room that he couldn't quite see into the sound of breathing. But lay lives alone, there shouldn't be anybody here. He has no pets, there's nobody here. But he hears breathing in another room. But Lay knew there was nothing he could do. The only thing he could do was just try to get in there, go to the bathroom and get out as quickly as possible.


And so, very slowly layout began kind of tiptoeing across the living room floor, kind of making sure to stay out of eyesight of the doorway that led into the room where the breathing was coming from. And as soon as he kind of got past an area where he could be seen from the doorway he ran the rest of the way down the hallway, he cut into the bathroom and shut the door and locked it. And then as quickly as he could, you know, he did his business. He used a washcloth to clean himself because he didn't have time to take a shower because of what was going on inside of his apartment. And then once he was all done, you know, he took a deep breath, and then he opened up the door. And this time the apartment was absolutely silent. There was no more breathing. And so Layal thinking, he had this opportunity to get outta here without being caught by this thing inside of his apartment.


He turned and just started running towards the door. And as soon as he did, he began to hear a voice, a horse, female voice, screaming at him from the other side of his apartment screeching. Why? Why, why? And as Layo is just about to get to the door, he turns and he sees Marico, the missing woman running with her hair all nodded and matted hanging over her face, sprinting towards him. From that back room and layout, he only managed to barely get out of his apartment and shut it and lock it before she ran into the door. And then it went silent again.


This is why Lay was acting totally crazy, because he was terrified of what he believed was like this demonic entity inside of his apartment. He didn't think that was a real person. He thought it was like the spirit of Marico or something. And she was haunting him. And so he had no idea what to do, he didn't know who to tell, and he just began living out of his cab instead of dealing with whatever was going on in his apartment. And so when layout charged outside after this latest encounter with Marico, you know, he sees the police and layout is just overwhelmed with relief. Hopefully he's thinking they can get rid of her and his life can go back to normal. But as overjoyed as layout appeared to be, and now having the police on his side, you know, finally being able to deal with whatever was going on.


When Push came to shove, Layo actually did not feel comfortable immediately giving up details of whatever was going on with Marico inside of his apartment. But as Layo was brought by Detective Lynn to the police station to tell them what was going on with how Marico was in his apartment, and she was haunting him, you know, it seemed like it was the ghost of her or something. You know, as Lay was having that conversation, other police officers were sent to Lay's apartment to go see if maybe Marico really was in his apartment. Maybe that's where she had been this whole time. Maybe she broke into this guy's apartment and was just squatting there and harassing him. and that was the mystery. That's where she's been. But when police went into Lay's apartment, there was no sign whatsoever that anybody else besides layout was living in that apartment.


There was no sign of a break in. I mean, there was nothing. It was just layout's apartment. And so this made police really suspicious of layout because his story was so outrageous. And also he's talking about a person who's actively missing Marico. And so the police really pressured layout to, you know, come forward, give us more information. Why did you say this is Marico in your apartment? Because there's nobody in your apartment, you know, tell us what's going on here. And so finally, after four days of intense questioning of layout, layout did finally admit to police that there was more to this story. It would turn out layout, really did pick Marico up at the train station when she arrived in Taiwan for her vacation.


So he did give her a ride, just like he said he had. But Lay had lied about what happened after that. It would turn out after giving her this ride layout, stayed with Marico and they went sightseeing together and then lay invited Marico to stay with him at his apartment, which again was customary in Taiwan. And so Marico said yes, and she went to his apartment in the evening. And while they were there, layout did Proposition Marico, and she rejected him. And at first layout, just let it go. But then after Marico fell asleep that night, he got his crossbow that he used to shoot dogs and cats. And he went into her room and he shot her four times with the crossbow and then cut her head off.


Leia would bury her body the following night. But that same night was the first time Le began hearing the breathing in his apartment. He couldn't quite place it. And then not long after that, the head of Marico, the severed head, would chase him all around his apartment screaming, why? Why? Why at him? And so basically, Marico's severed head began haunting layout incessantly to the point where he moved into his taxi cab and put up all those foo papers to protect him from evil spirits and also put up all those statues of Buddha for the same reason. I mean, he was living in his cab to protect himself from what he believed was this evil spirit.


And so when people saw layout in his cab kind of sitting back and muttering to himself, that was him praying that he would live through whatever was going on with this head layout, would tell police where he buried Marico's body, and he would tell police he buried her entire body in one location, including her head. But when police dug her up, it was only her lower half, her head was missing, Lay was convicted of murder, and to this day, he's still in prison. Many people in Taiwan believe that, you know, this case was ultimately solved because of Marico's spirit, that she played a big role. You know, her head haunting layout is what drove him crazy to the point where he admitted to police what he did.


And then also, people in Taiwan think all those strange phone calls they were getting from that woman who was speaking Japanese and acting frantic and then hanging up. They say that was Marico's spirit too, that that was maybe one of her attempts just to keep people engaged with the story so that it wouldn't fade and become a cold case. And in fact, even some of the police, including Detective Lin, say they do believe Marico's spirit played a role. And in fact, detective Lin said at one point, when he was inside of Lao's apartment, he was by himself, and he felt someone push him on the back. And when he turned around, there was nobody there. And so he was convinced that Marico's spirit was inhabiting that apartment.


Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. if you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studios podcasts, not just this one, but also Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, and run full. Just search for Ballin Studios on any podcast platform, and you'll find all of them. if you want to watch hundreds more strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, just head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey, Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app Today. And before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, listeners, big news for True Crime lovers, you can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top True Crime podcasts completely ad free. No more waiting through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.