
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today. Today's podcast will feature two camping horror stories. The audio from both of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel and has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Kevin O'Keefe, and it's about A man goes camping in a totally remote park in Alaska. And the second and final story you'll hear is called The Broken Tent. And it's about four teenagers who go camping in a forest in Finland. But on the first night, someone or something pays them an unwanted visit.


But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast because that's all we do. And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please offer to change the oil in the Amazon Music Follow Buttons car. But after training it all out, go ahead and replace it with horse manure. Okay, let's get into our first story called Kevin O'Keefe.


The Show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life with Quicksilver. By call Hart immerse yourself in this captivating tale where Ris Fain, a young woman with mysterious powers, faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Fay. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audio books. Your membership includes one credit each month to use on any title plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.


In 1985, Kevin O'Keefe was a 36-year-old outdoor enthusiast that lived in Sacramento, California. He loved being out in nature, going hiking and camping, and in fact, he had always wanted to go camping in Alaska. By the summer of 1985, Kevin was actually doing research on areas in Alaska that he could potentially go camping, and he settled on this area called Glacier Bay National Park, which even by Alaskan standards is particularly wild and totally remote. Kevin planned to go camping on his own, so he decided he would need to take a class on how to survive the Alaskan wilderness because he's gonna be out there by himself and he is chosen this place that's incredibly rugged.


So he actually enrolled and participated in a class teaching you how to go camping in Alaska. Then on September 20th, 1985, he flew from Sacramento to Juno, Alaska where he commuted his way up to Glacier Bay National Park. When he arrived at the Park's headquarters, he went up and introduced himself to the park rangers that were working there. He told them he'd be over near the Wolf Point area, which was an area right against the water, and he said he was gonna be here for about three weeks. He planned on leaving on October 10th. So everybody who works there is aware that there's this guy, Kevin O'Keefe, who's gonna be by himself for almost three weeks camping near the water.


No one in Kevin's family or any of the park rangers heard from Kevin for the next couple of weeks. But the whole point of this trip was basically to escape reality and go live in nature for a few weeks. So no one's raising any red flags. A few weeks later, on October 8th, which is two days before Kevin said he was planning to leave the park, which he told park rangers and they knew he was there, A couple of park rangers were in a boat patrolling some waterways around Wolf Point, which is the area where Kevin was camping. The Rangers decided to take a bit of a detour to get inside of Wolf Point and actually check in on Kevin and just see how he was doing.


'cause they knew he was out here by himself. They're making their way down. And as they turn this last corner where they could finally see Kevin's sight immediately they knew something was wrong. The first thing they noticed was Kevin's tent was not in the area that it was supposed to be in. There was kind of a, a designated spot on the soil where you'd place your tent, but his tent was actually down a few meters on this beach that butted up against his campsite. And some of his gear was outside of his tent, not strewn everywhere, but outside of his tent, like you had placed it outside. As they're looking at his tent, they realized that the top strut that kind of held the top of the tent together was folded down.


It looked like it had broken right in the middle. They called out for Kevin. He was nowhere around, and they kind of rationalized what they saw. They thought, you know, he is leaving in a couple of days. My guess is he's probably preparing his campsite for an exit. Maybe he went out to, you know, go on a day hike or something. I'm sure everything is fine. So they leave and come back the next day just to double check. And when they arrive, there's been no change. The tent is still sitting down on the beach. With that strut collapse, his gear is sitting outside of his tent, like a sleeping bag and sleeping pad. It's clear that Kevin has not been to this camp site since the last time they saw him, which was 24 hours earlier.


So now they're outright concerned and they decide to launch a search for Kevin. They began flying little airplanes over the area where Kevin's campsite was and the surrounding areas. No sign of Kevin. They brought ground searchers with dogs onto his campsite. They're looking everywhere, no sign of Kevin. But they did discover at his campsite that virtually all of the equipment you would expect to be at a campsite in Alaska of someone who's staying there for a few weeks. Well, it was all there. He had his backpack fully packed as if he was gonna go on a hike. It had food, it had extra clothes and water. It was all packed right up against a tree, all of his sleeping equipment and his cooking equipment.


And oddly, there was lots of food that Kevin still had left at his campsite that was out in the open and no animals had touched it, which is a complete anomaly. As they began searching the outer areas of his campsite, dogs were able to locate Kevin's boots, his glove liner and his hat. They were tucked away in this gully about a half mile away from this campsite. They were not visible to the naked eye. It took dogs finding it to locate these items after finding these items. The early speculation was it looks like Kevin was attacked by bears or some other predator. But the park rangers who knew this area extremely well and had seen other bear attacks said, I don't think this is a bear attack, because there's no sign of a death struggle anywhere at his camp.


If you get attacked by a big predator, you're gonna fight for your life to save yourself. You're gonna grab onto things and flail around. It's fairly obvious, and there's none of that. There's also no blood or remains or any indication that someone was hurt in this space. And if an animal had come into this camp and attacked Kevin and and eaten Kevin, they certainly would've taken the food that was out and about in the campsite, but none of the food was touched as the investigation continued. Rangers would say how strange it was that no wild animals are coming into this campsite. There's no activity, there's nothing in the area. It's like the animals are staying away from Kevin's campsite.


When they couldn't find any sign of Kevin, the investigators went to speak with Kevin's family and asked them, you know, did he have any signs that he was looking to end his own life? Do you have any information you can give us about him? And they said, no. He was really happy, well adjusted, excited about this trip. He had taken a class to prepare himself for this trip. He told us that he planned on taking a couple day hikes, but no overnights, and he had no plans to meet other people while he was there. He was just looking to be on his own in nature. But after just a few days, they had to call the search op because there was no sign of this guy. He was just gone. Knowing that all of Kevin's gear was still located at his campsite means he did not leave to go on one of those day hikes that he had told his family that he might be going on.


Because going into the wilds of Alaska without your gear is a death sentence. So Kevin must have been at his campsite when something horrible happened to him, but we know it wasn't an animal attack because there was no sign of that, and no animals were coming near this campsite. So if it wasn't an animal attack, then what was it that caused his tent to shift down to the beach and have his gear strewn about on the sand, and have his boots and glove liner and hat be located a half mile away and some gully and wears Kevin?


Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, a totally separate show, all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early in ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or Listen on Amazon Music with Prime.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED Declassified Mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's Hidden Files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions. Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the Tic-Tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


The next and final story of today's episode is called The Broken Tent. On the afternoon of June 4th, 1960, a 15-year-old girl named Mela Borland climbed off the back of her boyfriend's motorcycle. Her boyfriend was an 18-year-old named Nils Gustafson. And this couple had just driven 18 miles from the city and southern Finland where they lived to get to this beautiful forest and lake where they, along with another couple were going to go camping.


The other couple who was still a few minutes behind them was Nils best friend, spo and his girlfriend, whose name was Anja, As Nils parked his motorcycle. Mela, looked out over the lake and she saw it was totally beautiful. The forest completely wrapped around the lake, and there were all these people out on the lake boating and swimming and having a great time. But despite all these people here to Mela, it still kind of felt very quiet and peaceful. This didn't feel like a big touristy destination. It really felt like they were out in the wild. And for Mela who loved the outdoors, you know, this felt like a great spot to celebrate her 16th birthday. 'cause that's actually why the couples were out camping.


Mela was turning 16 in a couple of days, and so this was gonna be her party Just then. Mela heard another motorcycle approaching, and she turned around and she saw it was the other couple. It was SPO who was driving, and Anja was right behind him in spo. He looked up and saw Mela looking at him, and he grinned and braked hard with his motorcycle and kind of swung the back wheel out like he was in an action movie. And Mela thought it was totally funny, and she started laughing, and that's when NS turned around and he saw his girlfriend laughing heartily at spo. A moment later, all four friends were giving each other hugs and saying hello. And then after catching up, the friends walked over to this small shack that was right by the water.


It was the snack kiosk. Their plan was to load up on supplies and then quickly make their way into the forest where they'd actually be camping and just relax, enjoy the night and go to bed. But as the friends walked towards the snack kiosk, SPO made a joke about how his motorcycle was way better than nil S'S motorcycle. And Mela, who is Nils boyfriend, she laughed at this joke and thought it was really funny. But as she was laughing, she happened to look over at Nils, her own boyfriend, and she could tell, you know, he just looked upset like he was scowling at her and also at spo. And immediately Mela felt really bad because she was thinking, you know, maybe Nils thinks I'm flirting with spo by laughing at all of his jokes.


Now, keep in mind, Mela really liked Nils, and they had really just started dating. But for really the first time in Maya's life, she was dating someone who clearly liked her back. She had been in other kind of small relationships where it felt very one way, but this was different. And so Mela really did not want Nils to think anything was going on with her and spo because there was nothing going on. But when Mela looked over at Nils again to kind of confirm that he really did look mad. He didn't look mad, he was smiling and laughing again. And so Mela told herself, you know, she must have just imagined that that Nils was never upset. It was all in her head. So Mela reached over and grabbed Nils hand, and the two couples walked the rest of the way over to the kiosk.


The snack kiosk was really just this little shack right near the beach. And then behind the shack was a small house where the owners of the snack kiosk lived. And as soon as they got up to the kiosk, Mela noticed the woman who was manning the kiosk had her back to them and didn't seem remotely interested in turning around and helping them get what they needed. And so Mela was just like, okay, hey, excuse me, we just wanna buy something. And the woman at this point, she whipped her head around and she looked at Mela really angrily and just said, what do you want? And Mela, who was totally taken aback by this, she kind of mumbled an apology, not really even sure if she did something wrong or not. And then she asked the woman if they could just get a couple of beers and sodas and they'd be on their way.


And as this is happening, SPO and Anja who were right behind Mela, they were just giggling the whole time because this woman's behavior was so bizarre and so unexpected, they just couldn't help themselves. So as the teenagers are giggling, this woman is bending down and getting the sodas and beer, and she's huffing really angrily like, this is such a huge inconvenience. And then she just slammed him up on the counter as the woman was punching in the total into the cash register, may have found herself looking over at the house behind the shack where this woman presumably lived. And Mela noticed there were all these empty beer bottles that lined the front railing of the house. And so Mela figured, you know, maybe this was a clue as to why this woman was so hostile.


Any household that produced that many empty beer cans likely was not a very happy place to live. And so finally, the woman in the kiosk gave the teenagers their total, at which point Nils stepped forward, and he actually paid for the stuff instead of Mela. And then as Nils and Mela grabbed the things they bought and were about to turn and leave, the woman in the kiosk kind of cleared her voice. And she asked them, you know, Hey, are you camping out by the lake? And to Mela, it seemed like this woman was suddenly being really nice, maybe as a way to kind of make up for how rude she was when they first walked over. And so Mela put on a smile and told this woman that, yeah, you know, we're staying out by the lake. We're really excited about it. You know, thanks for asking.


But the woman did not seem happy to hear this. Instead, the woman kind of scowled and then told them that they better set their tent as far away from here as possible. None of the teenagers had any idea how to respond to this, so they just kind of stood there. And there was this really intense, awkward silence for a moment. And then the kiosk lady just began literally shooing the teenagers away telling them to go get outta here. And so finally the teenagers did turn around and started walking. But after walking pretty far away from the kiosk, they heard the kiosk woman yell out at them one more time. She basically yelled at them that her and her family had already had lots of trouble with wild teenagers in the past, camping out around this lake.


And so now she and her husband were totally sick of it. And so after the kiosk lady yelled out this final comment, SPO and Nils and Anja, they just started laughing because it just seemed so absurd how disrespectful and awful this woman was being to the point where it was comical. But Mela, she didn't think it was funny. She seemed mean and very angry, and it totally freaked Mela out. But just a couple of minutes later, the teens were back at their motorcycles, and Nils and Mela hopped on one, and SPO and Anja hopped on the other. And then they began driving down this wooded path that would take them to their campsite.


The ride to their campsite was a very short one, and where they were positioned was on this piece of land that sort of jutted out onto the lake. It was very heavily forested. And so it's this amazing view of the water, but it's very secluded in the trees. And so right away nails and spo, they parked their motorcycles up against the trees. They pulled out a simple canvas tent, and they strung it up between two birch trees. And then with their campsite all set up, they grabbed some beers and the friends began to drink. And it didn't take long before Mela had totally forgotten about the kiosk woman and how awful she had been. After all, Mela had really been looking forward to this trip. And now she was here at the campsite relaxing with her friends.


I mean, this was great. Also, Mela was really excited about her relationship with Nils. It was a relatively new one, and it was obvious that, you know, for once, her boyfriend was somebody who liked her as much as she liked him. And also Nils was very handsome, and he was popular, and he had this dark brown hair that he combed straight up, and he always wore this leather jacket everywhere. And so Mela just really liked being around him. He was super cool and made her feel really grown up. After sitting around for about 30 minutes to an hour, just having a couple of drinks and swapping stories and kind of easing into their night, the friends eventually made their way down to the water, and they went swimming for a while, and they continued to drink down by the dock.


And then when they were tired of swimming, the teens just laid on the dock and enjoyed looking out at the sunset. Even though actually in Finland at this time of the year, it's not really a sunset because the sun does not actually fully set. And so when this happens, these are known as white knights, which are very beautiful. I mean, it's kinda like this hazy glow in the sky from the sun, not quite setting. And so on this night that the teens are out there on the dock, they had this beautiful, you know, white night to look up at. And for Mela, she felt like this was the perfect birthday celebration. In fact, she would jot down in her diary later that night, just how amazing everything was going and how much fun she was having with Nils and their friends ends.


Finally, the teens were done down by the docks. They grabbed their things, they went back up to the campsite, they dried off, they changed, and then all four of them piled into their one little tent to go to sleep. And eventually all four of them would drift off to sleep. But then at some point in the middle of the night, Mela woke up and she heard rustling sounds outside the tent. And so she wondered if you know, maybe one of the friends had gotten up. And so she sat up and looked out the tent and she couldn't see anything. She just saw the kind of hazy night sky from the white night, and she couldn't really tell if everybody was inside the tent or not. But then suddenly a dark shadowy figure moved in front of the tent flap, the open tent flap.


And so the shadowy figure totally blocked all the light that was coming into the tent from the white knight. And then this shadowy figure looked into the tent and they had these bright, glowing red eyes. And before Mela or anybody else in the tent could do anything, there was a snapping sound and the tent fell down on top of them.


Last year, long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Karen Reed, is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I Just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus.


Hey, Listeners, big news for true crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast, ad free on Amazon Music with your prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Bain's Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top true crime podcasts, completely ad free. No more wading through cliffhangers or dealing with ads, because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


The next morning at 6:00 AM two boys who were not in any way connected to these four teenagers were at this lake. They were over to the side doing some fishing, and they were looking kind of out generally in the direction of where the four teenagers had stayed the night before. And this particular day, the lake was not remotely crowded like it was the day before. Basically, it was a ghost town, And suddenly they saw a merge from the forest. Basically, where the teens had camped was this young man with blonde hair who was just running away from where that campsite was. And so these boys just stared for a second at this random guy with blonde hair running away from the campsite until the boys lost interest and just went back to fishing.


As the morning wore on, more and more people came to the lake, but nobody made their way out to the campsite where the teenagers had been the night before that is until a father and his two sons decided to head out that way to go to that dock to go swimming. And so this father and his sons began walking on the same wooded trail that Nils and SPO had driven their motorcycles on to get out to that camping site. And he eventually makes it to the clearing in the forest where this campsite was. And right away, he spots what looks like a crumpled heap of canvas, kind of sitting between two trees. And he couldn't really tell what it was. And so the father walked a little bit closer to investigate, and eventually he realized what they were actually walking up on, at which point he threw up a hand to stop his sons from going any closer.


And he turned around and he told his kids, we have to leave right now. And so the father and his sons, they run back up that trail. They find a phone and they call the police. When the police arrived at the lake just before noon, they would walk out to that campsite and they would see that crumpled heap of canvas. And then also in and around that crumpled heap were the four bodies of the four teenagers who had stayed there the night before. Anja and SPO had not even made it out of the tent. They had been beaten and stabbed to death basically through the canvas fabric.


Mela did manage to get outta the tent. However, she did not escape. She was kind of laying on top of the tent, and she had broken bones, and it would turn out she was stabbed a total of 15 times. And some of those stabs came when she was alive, and some came when she was dead. And then laying next to her was the body of her boyfriend, NS. And he was basically unrecognizable. His head had been beaten to a pulp. As officers descended on the scene and began rifling through the teenager's backpacks and different belongings, one officer knelt down near all the victims to look more closely at each of their injuries. And as they were looking at each of the victims, they suddenly heard this gasping sound.


It's very faint, but they could definitely hear it. And to their shock, Nils. So Mao's boyfriend, he suddenly opened his eyes and he looked up at this officer, he was still alive. And this officer who's seeing this, who was totally convinced Nils was dead as everybody else was, was at first unsure what to even do. But then a second later, the officer stood up and began screaming for a medic. After Nils was taken away in an ambulance, the different investigative teams that had descended on the scene began going over the evidence and different things they had found. And pretty quickly the general feel amongst all the investigators was, this crime scene does not make any sense.


There were some things missing from the crime scene that seemed to indicate this could have been a robbery, like missing wallets and missing watches. But there were other things that were missing that just didn't really make any sense to have been taken. Like for example, the two motorcycles that the boys drove in, they were still there parked up against the tree, but their keys were gone. So why steal the keys and not take the motorcycles? And then also, Mills's prized leather jacket and his shoes were also missing. These were not particularly valuable. I mean, they might have been emotionally valuable to Nils, but they certainly were not valuable enough to warrant a robber, you know, killing people to get their hands on them.


So eventually the police actually called in the military to come into the forest and help with the search. And when the military arrived and began fanning out all around this huge forest, they would make a really big discovery. They would find NSA's shoes, and these shoes were speckled with blood, and it was clear from the bloody tracks nearby that the killer must have at some point put these shoes on at the campsite and then walked away while still wearing them, and then ultimately, you know, ditched them 500 meters away underneath that pile of leaves. In the days after the murders, the police chased down dozens of leads all over Finland, but none of them amounted to anything.


Nils would actually survive the attack. But his face was so badly damaged with so many broken bones in his head that it took a really long time before he could even speak. But when he finally could, and the police were able to interview him, it became immediately clear that Nils did not have a good memory of the attack. And in fact, the day of the attack, basically the whole day, he didn't really remember it. However, Nils would remember one thing he said during the chaos of the actual attack, he distinctly remembered seeing a dark shadowy figure with these bright red glowing eyes. But the police couldn't just go out and look for a dark figure with red eyes.


And so instead, they just made a note of this and continued their investigation. The only real lead the police got were from those two boys who were fishing out on the lake a day after the murders happened, where they saw that guy with blonde hair running away from where the teens had camped. Now, these two boys didn't know the significance of what they were seeing, but obviously when the news broke about the murders, they were called seeing that guy right in the area where they now knew, you know, that's where the murders had happened. And so the police created a composite sketch of, you know what the boys thought. They saw this blonde guy running, and they would send this sketch all over Finland, and they would ask people, you know, to come forward if you've seen this guy.


And loads and loads of people immediately came forward and said, yep, I've seen that guy. But it would turn out the police were getting loads of false reports because the sketch looked like lots of men in Finland. So this was not a unique enough sketch. Basically. However, there was one tip that came into police that did really stand out. The day after the murders happened, a man named Hans Osman checked into a hospital located about 13 miles away from where the lake was, where the murders happened. And this guy, Hans, when he checks into the hospital, he starts complaining of having these really intense stomach pains. But the doctors don't believe him because Hans actually just appears to be very drunk and very aggressive.


First of all, he looked exactly like the police composite sketch of the blonde running guy, like he was that guy. And also Hans was filthy. He was covered in dirt and mud, and there was all this dirt kind of embedded in his fingernails, like he had been digging with his hands. And he also had all these red stains all over his clothes that he refused to explain. And so eventually one of the doctors called the police. And when the police interviewed Hans, they would discover that he had a history of violence. And he also said he used to be a member of the Nazi party, and he also was a member of the Russian Secret police. And all of this just seemed like a lie, but basically he seemed like a very erratic and unstable person.


But Hans had a rock solid alibi. On the night of the murder, Hans was located in a city about 15 miles away from where the murders happened, at his girlfriend's house with his girlfriend, and also his girlfriend's sister and brother-in-law. And so as much as they wanted Hans to be their guy, the police learned, you know, obviously he's not. And this was basically how the entire investigation went. The police would interview over 4,000 people, but despite all that, they still could not figure out who did this. And so slowly the case went cold, and that was it for 44 years. Lots of theories, but not one suspect.


But then in 2004, prosecutors made a stunning announcement. They said the killer was Neil's Gustafson, the 18-year-old boyfriend of Mela, who was the only one who survived the attack. And the prosecutors pointed to two pieces of evidence to support this theory. The first piece of evidence was there was this woman who was staying out at the lake on the night at the murders, not far from the teenager's campsite, who remembered overhearing two men really aggressively fighting before the murders ultimately happened. Prosecutors hypothesized that what that woman overheard was Nils and SPO fighting with each other, that Nils was mad at SPO about something to do with Nils girlfriend Mela.


You know, perhaps he really was upset that it seemed like Mela was flirting with spo. And so Nils felt betrayed. But you know, something was happening there where these two young men were fighting over a girl in the prosecutor's eyes. This would also explain why Mela had been stabbed so many times that basically Nils must have been so furious about whatever was happening between Mela and spo. And then, you know, his rage took over and he really took it out on his girlfriend. The second piece of evidence the prosecutors used to support this idea that Nils was the killer, were Nils shoes, which were found under those leaves about 500 meters away from their campsite. The prosecutor said there was blood on the shoes, but not in the shoes, and none of the blood that were on these shoes belonged to Nils.


And so prosecutors say that shows Nils murdered his friends while wearing his shoes, and then, you know, ran away from the campsite and ditched those shoes to hide them, you know, underneath those leaves. And then he came back to the campsite and inflicted those horrible injuries on himself to make it seem like he also had been attacked. So in the end, Nils, 44 years after the fact, got arrested for these murders. And at the time he was arrested, Nils was 62 years old, he was working as a bus driver, and he was married with kids. But at Nils trial, he absolutely maintained his innocence and did not waiver from a story one bit.


He basically said, look, I can't remember all the details of that day. I don't remember the attack very well. I don't really know what we did leading up to it, what happened after it. But what I do remember is I saw a dark shadowy figure with glowing red eyes. That's all I remember. And the jury completely believed him, and he was easily acquitted. And in the end, Finland would even give him a huge monetary settlement for his mental suffering. Today, people tell lots of of stories about these murders. I mean, the lake itself, where this happened, lake Boham is now completely famous for these murders.


People go there just to be in the same place where these teens were killed. But a lot of the stories that circulate about these murders are so far fetched that they just do not seem believable, like suggesting that the campsite was cursed and that, you know, the ghosts of murdered campers attack the teens. It just does not seem like a viable theory. Other stories that circulate are really intriguing, but they don't really get you anywhere. Like periodically. There's this photo that will circulate on the internet, and it's a picture of the crowd at one of the teen's funerals. And in the middle of this crowd is this guy whose face looks identical to that composite sketch of the running blonde man.


And in fact, people have come out and said, he looks exactly like that guy, Hans Osman, who had shown up in the hospital, you know, the day after the murders with the dirt and what looked like blood all over him. But he had that alibi. And so that picture makes its rounds on the internet, and everybody gets jazzed up and says, there he is. That's the guy who killed the teens, but no one's ever been able to actually identify that person. And so it's gone nowhere. But there is one story that circulates about these murders that a lot of people believe is the truth. When the teenagers were killed, there was a 55-year-old man named Carl Vol, DeMar Strom, who lived right on Lake Bodom.


And Carl had a reputation for being really nasty and sometimes even lashing out at the campers who stayed in this area. And in fact, Carl would often get drunk and literally go and attack the other campers. He would cut down their tents in the middle of the night, he would throw rocks at their campsite, and then one time he even fired a gun at a camper who was riding past him on a moped he missed. But I mean, this guy is an absolute nightmare. And so after the murders happened, locals who knew about Carl immediately went to police, and they were like, that's the guy who very likely did this. I mean, this is totally something he would do. But when police went and tried to speak to Carl, they wound up speaking to Carl's wife, who was the kiosk woman, the woman who was so nasty to the teens when they first arrived and basically told them to get away.


Yeah. So the police talked to her and she would tell police that Carl was with her and her kids when the murders happened. And so the police believed her and never really considered Carl a serious suspect. But in the Lake Boem area, when people heard he was not being looked at closely, people felt like this was a huge mistake. But nine years after the murders, so at this point, the case is totally cold. Carl is having a drink with his neighbor out near the Lake Boem area, and as they're just sitting there having drinks relaxing, Carl winds up admitting to the neighbor that he was the Lake Bodom murderer. He literally said to his neighbor, don't you understand that I'm the murderer of Bodom?


And the neighbor apparently was so caught off guard and so horrified by this that they said to Carl, well, if that's the truth, you should go drown yourself. And then the next day, where was Carl, found out in the lake, drowned right near where the teens had been attacked. Now, the police were never able to actually figure out if his death was accidental or if he had done it to himself or if somebody else had done it to him. But that's the story. And lots of people believed that Carl was so wracked with guilt over what he had done, that he did what his neighbor suggested.


A quick note about our stories, they are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studios podcasts. There's this one of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories run full REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts.


To watch hundreds more stories just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.