
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today. Today's podcast will feature two stories about unexplainable phenomena. The audio from both of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel and has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Voices, and it's about a woman who suddenly begins hearing voices in her head. And the second and final story you'll hear is called Come Back, and it's about a child with totally unbelievable claims. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast because that's all we do.


And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please replace the Amazon Music follow buttons, roll on deodorant ball with a single clove of garlic. Okay, let's get into our first story called Voices.


The Show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life. With Quicksilver by Callie Hart immerse yourself in this captivating tale where Ris Fain, a young woman with mysterious powers, faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Faye. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audio books your membership and includes one credit each month to use on any title plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.


The following story was pulled from a 1997 article in the British Medical Journal. The article was written by the psychiatrist who treated the patient who will be the focal point of the story. The only reason I bring this up is because this story truly sounds made up and it's not. One night in the winter of 1984, a healthy middle-aged woman who we'll call Brenda for this story, was at her home in London reading a book when she suddenly heard a voice in her head, it said, Please don't be afraid. I know this must be shocking for you to hear me speaking to you like this, but this was the easiest way I could think of my friend and I.


We used to work at the Children's Hospital and we would like to help you. Brenda couldn't believe what was happening. She had never heard voices in her head before. And this voice that was speaking to her, it was so clear and it did not sound like any voice she had heard before. And so at first, Brenda just sat on the couch and didn't do anything and just waited hoping that maybe she was just imagining this, but the voice in her head seemed to pick up on her reaction and said, Brenda, this is not a hallucination. We're real and we want to help you. Brenda did not believe it was real. She believed she had just lost her mind. And so for the rest of the night, she just completely ignored the voice in her head.


And first thing, the next morning she went to her doctor's office and said, please help me. The doctor referred her to a psychiatrist. And so she went over to the psychiatrist's office and after they performed an evaluation of Brenda, they said, look, I don't really know why you're hearing these voices. There's no clear medical explanation for why. And so Brenda was ultimately diagnosed with something called functional hallucinatory psychosis, which basically means Brenda was hallucinating, but there was no clear reason why the psychiatrist began treating Brenda with an antipsychotic drug as well as with supportive counseling. Over the next couple of weeks, as Brenda diligently took her medications and went to her appointments, the voices eventually stopped.


And so Brenda went into her psychiatrist's office and she said, doc, you've saved me. The voices are gone. I'm so happy. And the psychiatrist would later recall that Brenda was visibly relieved. It was obvious that she was not making this up, that she really believed that she had these voices, and now they were gone. And so after Brenda left the office, she actually went on vacation with her family outside of London just to celebrate the fact that she had not, in fact lost her mind. But while she was away on holiday, she started hearing the voices again. And this time they told her she had to get back to London as soon as possible because there was something terribly wrong with her, and they gave her a very specific street address that she was supposed to go to to seek treatment.


And so Brenda is horrified that the voices are back in the first place, but what she's really scared about is that maybe there's some truth to what these voices are telling me. Maybe there is something wrong with her. And so Brenda ran to her husband and she explained what happened, and he was very reassuring and said, look, honey, you should just totally ignore the voices again. There's probably nothing wrong with you, just try to relax and have a nice vacation. But Brenda could not relax. She could not ignore the voices because they were constantly telling her, you Need to leave, you need to go back. There's something wrong with you. And so finally, Brenda convinced her family to end the vacation early and they headed back to London. And as soon as they got there, Brenda made her husband come with her and they drove to the street address.


The voices had given her. And when they got to this very specific location, they found themselves standing in front of the brain scan unit of a London hospital. Brenda and her husband were totally shocked, but before they could even react to what they were looking at, the voices in Brenda's head came back and they told her, You need to go inside and you need to request a brain scan for two reasons. One, there's a tumor in your brain, and two, this tumor is causing your brainstem to swell. At this point, Brenda was so scared that this information might actually be true, that despite what her husband was saying, she went right inside the brain scan unit and she requested this scan.


And when they asked her, you know, who's the doctor that referred you over here? She said, I don't have one. And then she ultimately told them that, well, there are voices in my head that told me to come over here and get this scanned. Now, the doctors at the brain scan facility were not totally like, get out of here. But instead they said, look, this is a very expensive scan. We can't just let you in here and get a scan because the voice has told you to. We need a clinical reason to do it. We need a doctor's note saying, you need this scan. And so they turned Brenda away, and Brenda now is just a complete wreck. She ends up calling her psychiatrist and she explains the situation about getting this address and being told to get this brain scan. And after a few minutes of hearing her story, her psychiatrist says, okay, you know what?


I will call over and I will get you an appointment to get a brain scan because I want you to be at ease. And it seems like this is probably the only way we're gonna be able to do that. And so after this conversation, the psychiatrist got in touch with this hospital and he requested the brain scan for Brenda. And about a month later, Brenda went in, she had the scan done, and sure enough, she had a brain tumor and her brainstem was swollen. The doctors couldn't believe it because Brenda was showing absolutely no signs of having this condition. And so they told her that, well, you know, you can just wait and see what happens. This might not have any effect on you, and so you can just wait to see if you get symptoms eventually, or we can go in and do the surgery and remove this tumor.


But of course, doing brain surgery comes with some very significant risks. After thinking it over with her family, Brenda decided to go with immediate surgery. And after telling her doctors as much, the voices in her head told her that she had made the right decision. A couple of days later, Brenda went in and her surgery was a huge success. After she regained consciousness in the recovery room, the voices spoke to her. They said, We are pleased to have helped you goodbye. After that, Brenda never heard the voices ever again, and she never had any complications from the surgery or from the tumor. And to this day, the medical community still has no idea who those voices in her head really were.


Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, a totally separate show all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early and ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or Listen on Amazon Music with Prime.


Hey, listeners, big news for true crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top True crime podcasts completely ad free. No more waiting through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


The next and final story of today's episode is called Come Back. Late one afternoon in December of 1986, a woman named Shanti Singh was sitting on her bed cradling her toddler son, whose name was ttu, as he threw a huge temper tantrum. Ttu, who was three years old, had already been throwing this tantrum for about 30 minutes at this point, and it didn't seem like anything Shanti did was getting him to calm down. In fact, honestly, it just seemed like TTU was getting worse and worse by the second.


And Shanti knew her son's constant wailing, must be annoying, her neighbors in the little rural village in northern India where they lived. But again, Shanti just felt like really there was nothing she could do after all. This was not a typical toddler tantrum. TTU was not throwing this tantrum because he lost a toy or was fighting with his siblings or something. No, the reality was Shanti and her husband had no idea why TTU was throwing this tantrum, because TTU threw these tantrums all the time, for seemingly no reason, and nothing they did would get him to stop. He would just start throwing these crazy fits, and he would only stop when he was ready.


Now, Shanti and her husband had taken Titu to the local doctor, and he'd been examined, and the doctor said, look, I think your son's just fine. I can't find anything wrong with him. So whatever's causing him to be so upset, it's gotta be psychological. Shanti grabbed her son and tried to give him a hug and kiss to get him to calm down. But as she did that, you know, Titu turned around and tried to hit her in the face and kicked her and punched her. And so Shanti had to kind of fall back on the bed, and Titu at this point is still throwing this huge tantrum. He leapt off the bed and ran out of the room. Now, Shanti had already sent the rest of her family, her kids, her husband, outside to wait out this current T two tantrum.


And so for a second, Shanti thought about just laying on the bed and letting her crazy toddler just kind of run around the house until he was done throwing this tantrum. But Ashanti was laying there on the bed, practically crying from frustration. She heard a plate break in the kitchen, and so she jumped up and ran into the kitchen, and there was ttu looking down at the ground where there was a shattered plate on the ground. Clearly, TTU had smashed it on purpose, and so as furious Ashanti was, she suddenly realized that, you know, nothing she could do was gonna get this kid to stop. And so right now, the only thing she could do was just put him in a safe place where he couldn't hurt other people or himself or damage anything else.


And so Shanti trying to be as calm as possible, walked up to Ttu, who's still throwing this tantrum and swinging at her as she's coming near him. And she grabbed him. She turned him around so he couldn't kick her or punch her. She put him into his room and then shut the door. And then she sat down in the hallway with her back up against the door to keep it shut. And then as Titu inside the room began banging on the door and trying to open it, you know, Shanti's sitting there anchoring the door, and she's just praying that her son's gonna calm down soon. And then at some point, Shanti heard her son start to say something that typically signaled the end of a tantrum. Titu in the bedroom began saying the word sh Verma, which actually was a nonsense word that Shanti and her husband and the other kids had no idea what it meant.


But you know, T two, at the end of his tantrums, he would always just start saying over and over again, sh Verma, shma, sh Verma. And so Ashanti, she's in the hall, and she's hearing T two start to do that. And so on the one hand, she's thinking, okay, you know, this tantrums about to end, but on the other, she's like, I have no idea what that word means. You know, it's obviously connected in some way to what's going on with my son, but I have no idea what it means. It sounds like nonsense. And so Shanti began yelling through the door at TTU to explain what Shma meant. But Titu had no explanation. He just kept saying the word over and over again, shma, shma, shma, Shanti, and her husband had five other kids.


Titu was the youngest, and Titu was not like any of his other siblings. The other siblings did not throw temper tantrums like this, not at all. And in fact, T two had been a difficult child even before he was born. Towards the end of shanti's pregnancy with T two, she'd become very, very sick, and in fact had to be hospitalized for the entire last trimester. And then as a newborn baby, TTU basically didn't sleep at all, and he cried constantly. And so Shanti and her husband initially thought, you know, TTU must just be a very fussy baby. But in time, you know, as he grew into more of a toddler, it was clear to Shanti and her husband that Ttu was actually a different kind of kid.


He seemed like a very unhappy and kind of angry kid who was permanently on the verge of crying or throwing a fit. But it wasn't until T two began talking at around two years old that Shanti and her husband really started to become worried because the things T two was saying as a 2-year-old, were just not in keeping with what you would expect a 2-year-old to say. And I'm not talking about the nonsense word that Ttu would use during his temper tantrums, Verma, basically, TTU would say things that seemed to indicate that he genuinely hated everyone in his family. Now, for context, Shante and her family were not poor, but they weren't rich either.


They lived in a little concrete home, they didn't have a TV or a car, and all the kids wore hand-me-down clothes. And Shanti actually handmade her clothes and her husband's clothes. But the family always had enough food to eat, and they were educated and they seemed happy enough. It's just that they didn't really have the ability to do anything extra like above and beyond a modest life. And T two had never known anything different. This was his life from the day he was born. But when he learned to speak at around two years old, it was like all T two wanted to talk about was how crappy of a lifestyle their family lived. For example, when T two's mom, Shanti would put on one of her ss that happened to be ripped, Aari is a traditional garment in India, Titu would look at what she was wearing, and in toddler speak, you know, he would tell her that she looked terrible and that it looked like she was just wearing rags.


Ttu would also walk around their house and he would point to spots in the house that looked dirty, and he would demand that somebody cleaned it up because he didn't wanna live in a dirty house. And then whenever the family needed to go somewhere and they would walk there or take the bus there, TTU would complain the entire time that he wanted to be in a car. And why aren't we driving in a car? Like, why are we walking? Despite the fact that TTU basically had never used a car before, but perhaps the strangest aspect of ti do's behavior was around the time he began talking and insulting his family, he also began talking about this very historic city called Agra, which was located about eight miles away from where they lived.


Agra was famous for being home to the Taj Mahal, which was considered to be one of the most beautiful buildings ever made. Agra also has a very busy downtown and lots of tourism, but Ttu had never been to Agra, and there was no reason he would be drawn to Agra, like his family had no connection to that city. But starting around the time, TTU began talking. At two years old, he began asking to go to Agra several times a week. And when his parents would say, no, we're not gonna go to Agra, Titu would throw a huge tantrum. And so not long after Titu had begun speaking and saying all these terrible things, Shanti and her husband decided that really all they could do was just wait and hope their son grew out of this terrible behavior.


But T two did not grow out of this. Shortly after his parents decided to just kind of wait it out, T two would randomly attack another small child with a sugar cane, and he beat the kids so badly the kid was bleeding at the end of the attack. And then also another time shortly after the sugarcane beating, TTU was at the store with his mother, and his mom was looking at this bracelet, which she couldn't afford. She was just looking at it through the glass. And Ttu sensed his mom wanted the bracelet. And in an odd show of affection for his mother, he turned to the shopkeeper, this little tiny kid who's not even three years old yet. And he tells the shopkeeper that if he doesn't give this bracelet to his mother for free, that T two will shoot and kill the shopkeeper.


And so after this, Shanti and her husband just stopped taking T two out in public at all. It was just too embarrassing. But what really just unsettled Shanti the most about her son's behavior was that nonsense word that Ttu kept saying at the end of all of his tantrums, sh verma, sh verma. And so fast forward to that day after he's broken the plate, and now Shanti's put him in his room. Ttu began saying that nonsense word, except he was getting a little bit older, and his speech was getting a little bit more clear. And so Ashanti was laying up against the door. She realized that her son was not saying a single word shma. He was saying two words. They were Resh Verma, but Shanti had no idea what that meant.


She thought it sounded like a name, but it was a name she had never heard before. But one day, a few months after the dish breaking incident in April of 1987, all of T two's very strange, erratic, terrible behaviors would erupt all at once. That April day started out like any other, ti made breakfast for her family, and then her husband headed out to do some errands, and her six children kind of dispersed around the inside and outside of the house to play, study, whatever. But Titu was really grouchy. And so he stayed inside in the kitchen with Shanti.


A little while later, Shanti's oldest son came into the kitchen and he asked his mother, Hey, when will dad get back from his trip to Agra? Shanti's husband had gone to Agra to run one of his chores, and Agra was the city that Titu was totally obsessed with. And so when Shanti's oldest son said the word Agra, Titu who was sitting in the kitchen, he heard it and kind of looked up like he was totally fixated on their conversation. And then Ashanti and her oldest were talking about the dad. Titu just got up, left the kitchen, and he went to his room. He grabbed a couple of things, and then he came back into the kitchen carrying this bundle of clothes with him, and he walked right past his brother and his mother. He went out the front door and began running down the road without saying a word.


Remember, this is like a three-year-old child. This is not a teenager, this is a little kid. And so Shanti and her oldest son, they kinda watched in shock as T two ran off down the road. And for a minute, neither of them did anything. And then it was like they broke out of their trance, and the oldest son just turned and began running out of the house to catch up with ttu. Now, it didn't take long for the oldest to catch up with his young brother, but it was surprisingly hard to stop Ttu from trying to run away. He fought back as hard as he could to keep his brother from pulling him back to the house. And then when the older brother got TTU back inside, Shanti looked at her older son and she saw he had a black eye from where Ttu had just hit him.


And when Shanti turned to TTU to try to get him to apologize to his brother for hitting him, she saw Ttu was completely inconsolable. He was throwing a huge temper tantrum. He was on the ground kicking and flailing and screaming at the top of his lungs. And so Shanti and her oldest son knew there was no hope in getting him to calm down. He was deep into one of his tantrums. And so Shanti and the oldest just basically restrained ttu so he couldn't hurt himself or one of them or damage anything. And for a while, as they held him to the ground, TTU just continued to scream and flail and throw this fit. But eventually he did kind of calm down and he began saying, SSH fma, ssh fma over and over again.


But then he began talking about something that he really hadn't brought up before that stood out to Shanti and her oldest son ttu. In addition to saying periodically SSH fma, SSH FMA also began talking about some radio store in Agra and T two kept saying, why didn't Dad bring me to the radio store? Why didn't he bring me? And so Ashanti is listening to her son. She suddenly thinks, you know what? This is my chance. He's being so specific about this radio store. You know, maybe this is my opportunity to lean in and learn what the heck is going on with my kid. And so once Ttu fully stopped his temper tantrum and shot the, and her oldest could finally let go of him, once T two had left the room, Shanti turned to her oldest son, and she told him to go to Agra.


Right now, just go there and look for a radio store or something. Look for anything that could be a clue to what's going on with T two. He obviously has some fixation with the city. Just go look around, see if you can find something. So the oldest son left the house, and he went to one of his friend's houses who had a car, and together they drove into Agra. Now, Shanti had no idea if her oldest son's trip to Agra would produce anything useful, but she figured, you know, she's got nothing to lose. A few hours later, when Shanti's oldest son returned from Agra, he came into their home with a very serious look on his face.


And right away, Shanti could tell clearly he's discovered something. And so Shanti asked her oldest son, you know, tell me, what did you learn? What happened to Nagra? And the oldest son, you know, he looked down for a second, then he looked back at his mom, and he just said, tomorrow, we're gonna have visitors.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED, declassified Mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's Hidden Files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions. Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the Tic-Tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dived deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus,


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Karen Reed, is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance At the truth, I have nothing to hide. My life Is in the balance, and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's Not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus,


The next day a car pulled up in front of Shanti's home and six people climbed out. There was a woman wearing a beautiful red, sorry, who appeared to be in her thirties. And then there were three other men who also appeared to be in their thirties, and they were all wearing suits and jackets. And there was also an older couple, a man and a woman, and the man was wearing this beautiful sweater, and the woman had on all this silk, it was clear just from the way they looked, that these six people were not from this area, they were from somewhere else, and they had a ton of money. Now, Shanti was inside the house, and she was watching this group arrive, but she did not go outside to greet them. She, her husband, and all of her kids, minus T two, had decided the night before when they knew these visitors were gonna arrive, that they wouldn't go out and talk to them.


Instead, they would just allow T two to basically make first contact with these people and see what happens. So when Shanti saw this group of six very well off people were standing right outside of their gate, kind of waiting to be let in. She called for Titu and said, Hey, go outside and open the gate for our guests. And so Titu, who was not throwing a fit at this point, he came running through the house and he went to the door, he's not looked outside yet. He opens up the door and he runs outside, and he sees these six people on the other side of the gate. And suddenly Shanti heard Ttu make a sound that he never made. It was like the sound of pure joy.


He was so elated to see these six people. Shanti couldn't believe it. For a second, Shanti closed her eyes and almost started crying because she knew even before Titu had made that joyous sound, when he saw these people, they were about to solve the mystery of what was going on with her son. Just then, Shanti heard Titu from outside yelling for Shanti and the rest of his family to come outside and meet his other family. Shanti went to the door and gestured for the guests to come inside, and then she led them through the house to the back deck. And then after they were all seated, Shanti looked over at her son Ttu, and she saw he had this huge grin on his face.


He was so happy, and he was staring intently at the woman who got out of the car, who was in her thirties and wearing the beautiful red, sorry. And she was sitting right across the table from T two, and T two is just locked on her. Now, at this point, nobody is speaking, everybody is just sitting there. No introductions have been made, so nobody even knows each other's names. And in this kind of tense and awkward silence, Titu, who again, is just staring at this woman in red, he eventually breaks the silence, the three-year-old child. And he asked the woman in red to come sit next to him. And so the woman in the red, sorry, she does what he asks and moves over and sits next to the toddler. And then Titu looked up at her and he smiled, and he said, do you know who I am?


And the woman, she's looking down at him and she said, no, I don't. And Titu would look back up at her and he would say, I know who you are. You are Uma. And at this, the woman in red, whose name really was Uma, she gasped. She had no idea how this kid knew who she was, but before she could even say anything, T two continued. And he said to her, Hey, do you remember when we went to the fair with Nu and Sonu? And I bought you those sweets? And at this, the woman in the red, sorry, Uma, she had this new look come over her face. Instead of looking like she was just kind of shocked and appalled that this random kid knew who she was. Now, it was like a look of shocked recognition as she's looking down at ttu, like she suddenly understood what was actually going on.


And at the same time, T two's Mother Shanti was watching this happen. And she was kind of piecing together what was really going on here. And suddenly she realized she needed to check something. And she got up and she ran out of the room, and she came back with scissors. And without saying anything, Shanti went straight to T two. She pushed his head to the side, exposing his right ear, and she used those scissors and began cutting all the hair off his head. That was kind of drooped over his right ear, kind of exposing the right side of his skull. And as the hair on T Two's head fell to the ground, exposing more and more of the right side of his head, all the adults watching just gasped. And the whole time Titu was just smiling to understand what just happened out on that back porch between these random people and Shanti and her family.


You need some context. So here's what happened. When Shanti's oldest son was sent to Agra to go investigate and look for clues that could explain what was going on with T two, The brother and his friend had driven all around Agra, you know, looking for radio stores and looking for things that might in some way kind of connect to T two, and they didn't see anything. But at some point, they drove past one of the many radio stores in Agra, and the name of this radio store immediately stood out to the brother and this friend.


So the older brother and the friend, they parked their car and they went into this particular radio shop, and inside of there is where they met Uma, the woman who had the red S on who was in her thirties, that ttu said, we went to the fair together with that woman. So she's inside this radio shop, and when the older brother asked Uma how this radio shop got its name, that was when things began to fall into place for this older brother about what was going on with T two. Uma would tell the older brother that this radio shop actually belonged to her husband, except three and a half years ago. He was murdered, he was shot and killed. And so she had been running the shop ever since. And Uma said she had considered changing the name of the shop, you know, since taking it over.


But she just couldn't bring herself to change it because the shop's name was actually based on her husband's name. The name of the shop was SSH Radio Shop. Her husband's name was Resh fma. The two words that TTU would say all the time at the end of his tantrums, Resh, fma, Resh, fma, that was Uma's husband, and it would turn out the details of S'S death matched up in a very bizarre way with T Two's birth. And all of T two's totally erratic, strange, terrible behavior throughout really his entire life to this point. Now suddenly made sense.


If you knew about re's life, many people, including professors from major universities in India and America, have come to believe that what happened with T ttu was when CSH was murdered, his spirit somehow came out of his body and entered T Two's body. Basically, SSH was reincarnated in ttu. This reincarnation theory would explain why Ttu was always saying csh Verma, because in theory, that was his real name. You know, that's the guy who died, who then his spirit transitioned to ttu. So he's saying his name over and over again. And then also T two's obsession with Agra would make sense because that's where S'S radio shop was and where he lived.


Also, the reincarnation theory would explain why TTU was so critical of Shanti and the rest of his family's lifestyle, basically accusing them of being poor and kind of living below his station. Well, re's family was very, very wealthy, and so that was the lifestyle SSH had lived. And so if his spirit was now in T Two's body, he might be at odds with their lifestyle. And lastly, the reincarnation theory would explain the two very unique and very pronounced birthmarks that T two had right next to his right ear. He had one right above his right ear and right below it. Now these were birthmarks that Shanti was well aware of, but after she learned about how S Verma was killed, he was shot in the side of his head and the bullet went in above his right ear, and then came out on the bottom part of his right ear.


When she heard that she ran and got the scissors, she cut the hair away around T two's ear revealing the two birthmarks, and then the other families saw those birthmarks, and they're like, oh my goodness. That is literally where the entry and exit wounds were on eSSH. And then also, it's worth pointing out that on the day eSSH was shot and killed. Well, basically that day was when T two's Mother Shanti began feeling really sick during her pregnancy with Titu, and she had to be hospitalized After this discovery about Titu and Suresh, fma Shanti and her husband and the rest of her family expected TTU to want to live with Uma and his other family.


And at first, that is what T two wanted to do. But pretty quickly, he actually decided that, you know what? I wanna stay put with the family I was born into and we can just visit with the other family. And so that's what they did. You know, Huma and the other wealthy family, they made visits all the time to see T two and vice versa. You know, the family's got along great, and as for T two, you know, he was really happy. You know, his bad behavior basically went away and he became a normal high functioning kid. And T two has grown up and become a very happy and successful adult. He's got a family of his own, and he's currently a professor at a college in India.


A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts. There's this one of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run, fool REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts.


To watch hundreds more stories, just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.