(0s):
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today. Today's podcast will feature two stories that prove that money is the root of all evil. The audio from both of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel, and it has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Loan Shark, and it's about a student who takes drastic measures to pay off debt. And the second and final story you'll hear is called Western Russian Farm Animal. And the plot of the story is so absurd. It sounds like badly written fiction, but it's not fiction.

(42s):
It really happened. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast because that's all we do. And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please replace the Amazon Music Follow buttons toilet paper with the kind that doesn't have a good seam on the outside. And so you end up ripping it to pieces just to get it started. Okay, let's get into our first story called Loan Shark.

(1m 31s):
The Show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.

(1m 53s):
Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life. With Quicksilver by Cali Hart. Immerse yourself in this captivating tale where SRIs Fain, a young woman with mysterious powers, faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Fay. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audio books. Your membership includes one credit each month to use on any title plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.

(2m 43s):
In 2014, Alan Ruby was a 19-year-old freshman studying political science at the University of Oklahoma. Despite being relatively modest and soft spoken in person on social media, he projected this lifestyle of wealth and grandeur. He'd oftentimes post pictures of exotic sports cars and expensive watches and clothes, and he would travel the world to Paris, London, New York City and take all these pictures showing off this incredible life he had. He really wanted people to believe that he was this fabulously wealthy, successful guy. Alan was only able to project this phony lifestyle on social media because he was spending his father's money. His father was a successful businessman who was also the publisher of a newspaper that was quite successful.

(3m 29s):
And so Alan would just spend his money and then even after his father would give him money, Alan would steal his credit card and additionally rack up thousands of dollars of credit card debt. But as media began to shift away from print media to almost all digital, a lot of newspapers began to fail because they weren't able to transition to digital. And his father's newspaper was not making that transition very well, and they were losing money left and right. And so Alan's father told everybody in his family with a focus on Alan, that we all need to cut back on our spending because money's tight right now and it's unclear if it's gonna turn around, so we gotta be careful with how much money we do have. Alan acted like he was gonna cut back on his lavish lifestyle, but in reality he wasn't going to.

(4m 13s):
He was totally addicted to spending money and giving off this vibe that he was so wealthy and successful. And so around this time, Alan steals his grandmother's credit card and secretly leaves the country and goes to Paris to have this vacation on his own. He is taking these pictures in front of the Eiffel Tower, and he is spending all this money and his father finds out that he's stolen this credit card and he's furious. And instead of waiting for Alan to come home and saying, don't do that again, he decides he's gonna send him a message that he's gonna remember and he calls the police, Alan gets charged with theft. He pleads guilty, and he has to go before a judge who sees that he has no criminal record. So he kind of goes easy on him, and he says that you need to pay back all the money you spent to your grandmother, and you need to go to an addiction program to try to break this habit of yours to stop spending all this money.

(5m 3s):
After Alan leaves court, his father felt like he finally got the message. It seemed like it had finally gotten through to him that this was a really big problem, and he felt like he had made the right decision in calling the police. But in reality, Alan hadn't changed at all. As soon as he got back from court, he was stealing from people outside of the family. He was taking loans from loan sharks, all of this just to keep up with his phony appearance he portrayed on social media. On October 9th, 2014, Alan owed $3,000 to a particular Loan Shark and had no way of paying it back. So instead of asking his parents for money, which for him would've been too embarrassing, he decides the best course of action is to kill his entire family.

(5m 49s):
And so he strolls into his home and he shoots his mom dead. He shoots his sister dead, and then he waits for his dad to come home and he shoots him dead because his big plan is with his whole family gone, he's gonna become the sole heir to the family's estate, and that will be enough money to not only pay off this $3,000 debt, but have a little leftover so we can go on vacation to Paris again. So after he's committed this horrible crime, he leaves his family where they are, he goes and takes the surveillance footage from inside the house. It was on a DVD, takes the DVD out, takes the murder weapon, leaves the house, chucks the DVD and the weapon into a lake, and proceeds to drive to Dallas where he checks into a very fancy hotel and meets up with friends and parties the whole weekend.

(6m 35s):
His friends that were with him that weekend would later tell investigators that Alan seemed totally normal. There was no red flags, there was no indication that anything was wrong. He was just laughing it up and having a great time. That whole weekend, The following Monday, when Alan's father doesn't show up for work, the police are notified. They go to the house and they find the Ruby family. When police went out and got Alan and brought him back to the station to chat with him and tell him what happened and see if he knew anything, his sad reaction to his whole family now being deceased was apparently so insincere that officers almost immediately assumed that he was probably the guy that did it. Ultimately, Alan would confess, and the prosecutor wanted to push for the death penalty, but Alan's remaining living family members actually said, don't do the death penalty.

(7m 23s):
We don't wanna risk that not happening. We wanna see justice served right now. Can we create a plea agreement where he gets life in jail? But there's absolutely no way for him to get paroled, no matter how good his behavior is, no matter how old he is, no matter what, he can't ever get out of jail. And so they did. They created that plea agreement, they gave it to Alan to sign, he signs it, and as they're walking outta the courtroom, his last remaining family members disown him and say, may God have mercy on your soul? And they leave.

(8m 0s):
Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries a totally separate show all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early and ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or Listen on Amazon Music with Prime.

(8m 54s):
Hey, listeners, big news for true crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top true crime podcasts completely ad free. No more waiting through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.

(9m 34s):
Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does It feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristin Thorne, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just Want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad free on Wondery Plus.

(10m 33s):
Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED declassified mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's hidden files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions. Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the tic-tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.

(11m 32s):
The next and final story of today's episode is called Western Russian Farm Animal. At around 9:00 PM on March 3rd, 2022, a 31-year-old woman named Cory tucked her three young sons into their beds and then headed downstairs to her kitchen inside of her luxurious home in suburban Utah. Once she got down to the kitchen, she yelled out for her husband, whose name was Eric, to come join her in the kitchen. Corey had some big news that she had just learned that day, and now that their kids were all tucked away in their beds and were off to sleep, she and her husband could celebrate this big news and share a drink together.

(12m 22s):
A moment later, Eric walked into the kitchen and Corey grinned at him and handed him his drink and then gestured for them to go upstairs to their bedroom. And so the two of them went upstairs, they sat down on the bed, and then Corey broke the big news. Corey's tiny real estate company had just found out that day that they were very likely going to close on a deal for this gorgeous 20,000 square foot mansion in Utah for $2 million. Now, Corey knew once she bought this property, she could do a couple of renovations to it and then quickly sell it for $3 million, meaning she was about to make a $1 million profit. Corey had been working really hard on her real estate business for years, but this really represented the first big break.

(13m 8s):
She and Eric lived in a very conservative part of Utah where it was kind of expected that someone like Corey would stay home with the kids and be a good housewife, and that would be her life. But Corey didn't really want that. She wanted to have a professional career that was kind of on par with her husbands. Eric ran a very profitable masonry company that allowed the family to take vacations to Mexico and Spain every year, and also to afford their sprawling property at the end of the cul-de-sac. Cory had stayed home when the three boys were much younger, but now that they were five, seven and nine years old, they had decided to hire a nanny, which had allowed Corey to finally go out and pursue her professional dreams.

(13m 51s):
And so totally beaming with pride. Corey sat there on the bed and clinked her husband's glass and went over all the details of the steal and talked about how great their lives were about to become with all this additional income. But fairly quickly, both of them decided they were too tired to stay up and celebrate any longer, especially Eric, who earlier that day had gotten an allergy shot and it had totally knocked him out. He was feeling kind of weak and tired, and so the two of them decided to just go to bed. And so after brushing their teeth and changing, they got into their bed, they turned off the light, and they were about to lay down and go to sleep when they heard their 7-year-old crying in his bedroom. And both parents let out a groan.

(14m 31s):
And then Corey, she stood up indicating she would handle this because they knew often their 7-year-old would have nightmares, and the only way he would go back to sleep was if his mom laid with him. And so Corey, she kissed Eric. And then as Eric rolled over to go to bed, Corey walked out of the room. She went down the hall, went into her son's bedroom, she got under the covers, and then before long, she and her son had fallen asleep. A few hours later, Corey suddenly sat up inside of her son's bed. It was about 3:00 AM and for a second, she couldn't even figure out where she was. The house was silent.

(15m 12s):
It was totally dark, and she was confused, but then she remembered she had gotten up to tend to her son, and so she checked on her son. She saw he was still sleeping, and so she climbed out of the bed. She tucked him back in, she gave him a kiss, and then she left his room, went down the hall and went back into her bedroom where she climbed into her bed. Then she saw that Eric had kicked off all the covers and he was sleeping on his back. And so Corey laid down on the bed and kind of rolled up right against her husband, and she pulled the covers up over both of them, and then she closed her eyes to go to sleep. But right as she did that, she noticed something very strange. Eric's body felt freezing cold. Corey opened her eyes and sat up in bed.

(15m 52s):
She turned over and kind of pushed Eric to see if he would sit up and figure out why he was so cold. But Eric didn't budge, and when she pushed him, he felt really heavy, like dead weight. And so suddenly starting to panic, Corey yelled Eric's name several times, but Eric didn't budge. And so Corey leapt from the bed. She grabbed her phone and she dialed nine one one. And when the dispatcher picked up, Corey was so hysterical as she's looking at her husband lying motionless in his bed, that she could barely tell the dispatcher what was going on. But finally she did get it out to the dispatcher, and the dispatcher said, stay calm. The ambulance will be there as soon as we can. And so just moments later, Corey heard the sirens outside.

(16m 34s):
And so she ran downstairs. She flung the door open and practically cried with relief as the paramedics charged into the house. But when the paramedics got upstairs into the bedroom and they went to go revive Eric, they saw right away it was already too late. Eric was dead. First responders had no idea what killed Eric. He seemed like a really healthy fit guy who actually just the day before had gone for a casual eight mile run. And he was also this big outdoorsman always going on hikes and going on these long hunts. And so the idea that this guy had just suddenly died seemed really suspicious.

(17m 15s):
The police did find a painkiller pill bottle on the bedside table next to Eric's side of the bed. And for a second, they thought, well, you know, maybe he overdosed on painkillers. But when they looked at the label on this pill bottle, it was immediately clear that this was a really old pill bottle, and almost certainly had been empty for some time. When they asked Corey what she thought might have happened, she was totally in shock. But she did say, you know, I, I don't know. I have no idea what happened to him. But you know, the day before he did get that allergy shot and he had a kind of adverse reaction to it and really wanted to go to bed quite early, which seemed odd. But both Corey and the first responders agreed that it seemed pretty farfetched that an allergy shot would lead to Eric's death.

(18m 2s):
Suicide was also considered a possibility by first responders, but Eric really didn't have any reason to want to harm himself. He was a very devoted and loving father who adored his sons. He coached all their sports teams and went on all these adventures with them and was always out back kicking a soccer ball around with them. And his business was booming. And he had just learned that night that his wife's business was potentially going to start booming as well. And so ultimately the police told Corey that We're just gonna have to open an investigation and try to figure out what happened, and we'll be in touch, and if you think of anything that might help the investigation, please let us know.

(18m 42s):
And Corey said, of course, I'll tell you. But she really wasn't listening. All she was thinking about was her three sons who were still sleeping in their beds and had no idea their dad was now gone. Over the next few weeks while the family waited for autopsy results, Corey really focused her energy on her three boys who were really hit hard by the loss of their dad. Eric had been such a hands-on father that his absence was enormous in these boys' lives. The five-year-old kept asking, where's dad? And when can I see him again?

(19m 22s):
The older two boys who did sort of understand that their dad was dead would also ask questions like, well, can dad still see us? Or Can dad still hear us? And these questions broke Corey's heart because she did not have an adequate answer to any of them. And so she tried to find a children's book online and in bookstores that dealt with grief in hopes that that would kind of help her sons deal with what they were going through. But none of the books she got helped at all. And so a few weeks after Eric's death, when still nobody knew anything about how Eric died or what had really happened, Corey decided that she would take a different approach to helping her son's grief instead of trying to read a book that somebody else wrote about how to handle grief, Corey just called her sons around one night and began telling them a story about their dad.

(20m 12s):
And as she told them, this kind of made up story about their dad being this angel that was taking care of them, she began drawing pictures with a crayon and paper of their dad with wings and a halo, and she'd draw the kids down below waving up at their dad, and she would tell the boys that Your dad is an angel now, and he's looking down on you, and he can hear you, and he loves you. And this really seemed to work for the boys. It was like for the first time since his passing that the boys kind of connected with the fact that their dad was gone, but they still had this meaningful connection with him. And so very quickly, Corey's stories about their dad and the illustrations that would go with them became a ritual. Every night, Corey would tell these stories and draw these pictures.

(20m 55s):
And so as the days and weeks went by with still no word and no closure about what happened to their dad, Corey had a sort of a epiphany these stories. Corey told her kids about their dad and how now he was this angel looking out for them. She could see firsthand how powerful it was and how really it was helping her sons cope with this loss. And she thought, you know, why don't we turn our stories and all these illustrations into an actual grief book for kids? That way other families whose children are dealing with loss can read these stories as well and find some comfort. After all, Corey knew firsthand, there really weren't any good grief books on the market.

(21m 37s):
And so she knew for those that needed this, this would be huge. On April 13th, so six weeks after Eric had died, and several weeks after Cory and her kids had begun officially writing this kid's grief book, Cory was backing out of her driveway when from the other end of the cul-de-sac, she saw a police car coming down the way. And it was the lead detective on Eric's case, detective Woody. And as the detective came down the road, he was waving to co clearly getting her to stop for a second. And so Cory, she parked her car, she hopped outside and went up to talk to him.

(22m 19s):
And immediately Detective Woody got out of his car. He walked up to Corey, and with a grave look on his face, he told her that he had some big news for her and it was gonna be pretty upsetting, but he knew he had to tell her in person. And right away he told her that the autopsy results were in, and they determined that Eric had not died of natural causes. He had actually died from a fentanyl overdose. Fentanyl is a very powerful opioid that's often mixed with heroin, and just a little bit of fentanyl can kill someone. And Eric, it would turn out, had five times the lethal dose of Fentanyl in his system. Corey was totally shocked at this news and told the detective that Eric didn't do drugs.

(23m 4s):
The only drug he did was periodically he would eat a marijuana gummy before bed, but that was it. So this really didn't make any sense. The detective was respectful and kind of nodded his head and said, I totally understand that, but you know, these are the results and we need to find out where he got fentanyl from. And so we're going to need to search all of the electronic devices in your house to see if we can find communication between your husband and whoever got him the Fentanyl. Corey told the detective that of course, they could do that, but as she began thinking about all of their devices, she suddenly remembered that Eric's business partner, Cody Wright, had actually taken Eric's laptop very shortly after Eric had passed away.

(23m 49s):
Now, Corey didn't know why Cody had taken the laptop, but Cody had been a thorn in both Corey and Eric's side for several years. Now, Eric and Cody had been very close friends when they had started their masonry business together about a decade earlier, but they'd had a serious falling out. A few years back. The two men had been on this elk hunting trip, and at one point, Eric had illegally shot and killed a bull elk. And Cody had actually reported Eric after this hunting trip to the game wardens. And as a result, Eric got in a lot of trouble and was temporarily banned from hunting anywhere in Utah. The two men still managed to continue to work together and build their masonry business, but it was very clear their relationship was totally fractured and would never be repaired.

(24m 38s):
Now, Corey didn't get into all the details of the tensions with Cody, but she did tell Detective Woody that, you know, if you want access to Eric's laptop, you gotta go talk to Cody because he took it for some reason. And also, you really just ought to talk to Cody in general because you know, maybe he has more to do with what happened to Eric and this whole fentanyl thing than he's letting on. The detective told Corey that he appreciated the information and he appreciated being allowed to go in and collect all the devices and that he would go talk to Cody and try to retrieve Eric's laptop. And then after that, the detective thanked Corey and said they'd be in touch soon. But after this conversation with Corey, the investigation into Eric's death kind of stalled out.

(25m 24s):
When police did follow up with Cody, they didn't find anything really worth pursuing. And outside of talking to Cody, no new information came in about Eric's death or about, you know, his connection to fentanyl. And so really there was nothing for police to operate on. And so while the family just kind of waited for more information to come out about whatever happened to Eric, Corey just focused her energy on taking care of her three boys and writing this grief book with them. And finally on March 5th, 2023, so almost exactly a year after Eric has died and still police have no idea what happened to him, the grief book was finally done, and Corey self-published it on Amazon under the title, are You With Me?

(26m 11s):
And right away, the book was a total hit with parents of grieving children. And as the five star reviews poured in, so too did requests from local media for Corey to be interviewed and talk about this book and why she wrote it and how her kids are doing. Corey had no idea her book would be this successful. And so at first, she was really terrified to do any of these interviews, but eventually she decided she would just say yes to all the interviews because she was very proud of what her and her kids had created, and she knew Eric would be proud to. However, what Corey didn't know was there was going to be a massive unintended consequence from publishing this book.

(26m 60s):
Ever since Eric was found dead in 2022, the police in Utah began painstakingly searching all of the electronic devices that the Richens owned and that Cody Eric's business partner owned. And basically, they were just looking anywhere for some sign of communication between Eric and whoever had given him the lethal fentanyl dose. And at some point during the search of all these devices, the police found something very unusual, and they knew it very likely had to do with Eric's death, but they didn't really have any evidence to prove that. And so they just had to kind of sit on it and wait to see what happened next.

(27m 41s):
And what happened next was shortly after Corey published her grief book, it got all this media attention. And in turn, because of this attention, Eric's death specifically, the unsolved nature of his death, also got a lot of media attention. And eventually, several people who kept seeing all this news about Eric's unsolved death reached out to police and said, you know what? He did not overdose on Fentanyl. He was murdered. And I'm almost positive I know who did it. And lo and behold, the alleged killer that all these people brought up to the police was the same person that the police in Utah had become suspicious of because of all those unusual things they had found during their search of all of the electronic devices.

(28m 31s):
And so on. May 8th, 2023, not long after getting all these tips about this alleged killer, the police in Utah felt like they finally had enough ammo to go after this person, and they headed out to make an arrest. While we don't know for sure what happened, because again, this story, it's ongoing. This case has not even gone to trial yet. Here is what prosecutors say. Really happened to Eric Richens on March 3rd, 2022, the night he died That night, Eric was upstairs when he heard Corey down in the kitchen calling for him, saying to come down and join her.

(29m 20s):
And so he went downstairs, he went into the kitchen, and immediately he saw his wife grinning ear to ear, and she promptly handed him a drink and said, I have big news and we're gonna celebrate. And after the two of them went up to their bedroom, Corey told Eric all about this big real estate deal and how their company was about to profit a million dollars. And then after that, they clink their glasses together, said cheers, and took a sip from their cups. The drink that Cory made for both of them was called a Moscow mule. It's made with ginger beer, vodka, and lime. But when Cory mixed Eric's Moscow mule, she added one additional ingredient, a lethal dose of Fentanyl.

(30m 5s):
It would turn out Corey had been stealing money from Eric's bank accounts, and he had found out, Eric also had discovered that Corey had been taking out these massive loans in their family's name, which Eric was really upset about. In fact, Eric was so upset with Corey that he wanted a divorce and was talking to a divorce lawyer and making sure after the divorce was finalized, that Corey could not touch his money, but perhaps sensing that a divorce was imminent and the money faucet would be turned off. Cory simply took out a $2 million policy on Eric and then killed him. And then shortly after that, in order to help her sons deal with the loss of their father who she killed, she wrote a grief book about it and sold it for a profit.

(30m 54s):
Police say Cory had been working for weeks to figure out the right fentanyl dose to give to her husband On Valentine's Day that year, Corey had given Eric a poisoned sandwich that had fentanyl in it that she attached a love note to, but it obviously did not kill Eric. He just broke out in hives. So Cory got a stronger dose of Fentanyl. She put it in his drink on March 3rd, and this time it worked. The story that Cory told first responders when they arrived to hopefully try to save Eric was that, you know, they had had the celebratory drink and then they went to bed, and then she had gotten up to see her son. And then, you know, when she came back at 3:00 AM Eric was cold to the touch and she called 9 1 1.

(31m 38s):
But in reality, after she poisoned her husband, and he's laying there still on the bed, slowly dying from this overdose, she just got up and paced around the house for several hours Googling things like how to destroy electronic evidence and luxury prisons for the rich in America. These searches were, of course, the highly unusual and suspicious things that the police saw when they looked through all those devices during the initial part of the search. But as much as it made them think Corey likely had something to do with this, they didn't have enough to actually arrest her. However, after Corey published her grief book and went on this big tour promoting her grief book, Eric's family who's watching this happen on TV and listening to the radios, I mean, they just couldn't take it.

(32m 27s):
It disgusted them because they secretly believed that Corey had killed Eric over money. They didn't like Corey to begin with, And it just felt like she did this, and now she's profiting on Eric's death. And so family members began reaching out to police in Utah, and they said, you really need to look into Corey. We think she killed Eric. This whole grief book thing is a joke. She's a killer. Ultimately, it was those calls from Eric's family to the police, combined with Corey's very unusual and suspicious search history and electronic activity on the night that Eric died, that allowed police to arrest her at her home on May 8th, 2023.

(33m 9s):
Corey who denies any wrongdoing and says she did not kill her husband is currently charged with aggravated murder, which could lead to the death penalty if she's convicted. She's being held without bail while she awaits trial. And her book, are You With Me? Is No Longer Being Sold on Amazon. A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes.

(33m 52s):
Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's story and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts, this podcast, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and also Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run fool and REDACTED. Just search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your, to find all of these shows to watch hundreds more stories, just like the ones you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.

(34m 45s):
Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.