
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


On a night in 2013, a woman in her thirties named Erin heard loud banging on her front door. She opened it up and saw her best friend Robin standing there, and she could tell right away that Robin was terrified. She was shaking. Tears were running down her face, and she had scratches all over her arms. Erin led Robin inside to the couch and asked her what was going on. Robin told her that she had just been over at her ex-husband's house to drop off their two daughters, and everything seemed to be fine. But then her ex-husband's new wife came into the room and had just started yelling at her. And before Robin could even say anything, this woman ran across the room and attacked her. Robin said her ex-husband had managed to pull them apart, at which point she had grabbed the kids and left.


As Aaron sat there listening to this wild story, she actually was not surprised because She knew the woman Robin had been fighting with. And When Robin was finished talking, Erin told her to never be alone with that woman again. 'cause Erin said that woman was the kind of crazy that will kill you. But before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do. And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, the next time the follow button orders delivery, wait until their food is sitting on their porch and then run up and steal it.


Okay, let's get into today's story.


The Show is brought to you by Progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life with Quicksilver. By call Hart immerse yourself in this captivating tale where Ris Fain, a young woman with mysterious powers, faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Fay. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audiobooks. Your membership includes one credit each month to use on any title plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.


On the night of April 7th, 2014, 3-year-old Robin Spielbauer tucked her 10-year-old daughter into bed in their house in Amarillo, Texas. Robin told her daughter that she loved her, said goodnight, and then walked out of the room. Robin could hear the TV on in the front room of the house, and she began heading that way. But before she got there, she stopped to look in on her younger daughter. Robin peeked into her bedroom and saw the little girl was already fast asleep, and as soon as she saw this, Robin just felt this complete sense of calm come over her as a single mother with two young kids, Robin's days could get busy and chaotic, but she was finally able to relax each night when she knew her daughters were safe and sound in their beds like they were right now.


Robin left the bedroom and walked down the hall into the front room of the house where she found her mom and dad watching tv. Robin took a seat on the couch with her parents, grabbed her phone out of her jean's pocket and quickly sent a text message. Robin's mom looked over and asked her daughter if everything was okay. She was fine just making some plans. Robin knew her parents loved having her and the two girls in the house, and they played a huge part in helping her take care of the kids. But Robin thought in a perfect world, she would not be living with her parents in her early thirties because for many years before she wound up back at her parents' house, Robin had been living a life she loved on her own. When she was 22, she had fallen in love with a great guy named JD Spielbauer.


JD was a former United States Marine and had served in Afghanistan and Iraq. Robin's father had been in the military most of his life, and so her parents had been really happy when Robin started dating a military veteran. Robin got pregnant just two months after they started dating, and so she and JD had their first daughter, then got married, and then they had their second daughter a few years later. And for Robin, ever since she was young, all she had wanted was to be a mom. And so she didn't really care that she and JD struggled with money sometimes, or that raising kids really wasn't always easy. She and her husband loved each other and they had these two beautiful girls that was more than enough to be grateful for.


But in 2012, after she and JD had been together for almost 10 years, everything began to change. JD became distant, and he started spending a lot of time away from home. And not long after that, Robin had discovered that JD was cheating on her with a woman named Katie Phipps, who just happened to be one of Robin's friends from church. After Robin had learned that her husband and friend were having this affair, she divorced jd, took the kids and moved back in with her parents. And not long after that, JD had married Katie Phipps, which really only added to the tension Back on the couch.


Robin's phone buzzed in her hand. She glanced down at the text, smiled and got up. She told her parents she would have to run out for a bit and asked if they could watch the kids while she was gone. Her mom said, of course, and then asked if Robin was going out to meet her new boyfriend. Robin Blushed a little but didn't respond. Then she just grabbed her purse, told her parents she wouldn't be gone too long, and walked out the front door. A few minutes later, at about 9:30 PM Robin drove her black Chevy Tahoe out of town and turned onto Helium Road, which was a long winding dirt road surrounded by farmland on both sides.


As she drove, Robin cranked up the country music on the radio and looked out at the huge Texas night sky. The only light on the road came from her headlights and the moon, and this made Robin feel like she was out in the middle of nowhere, but that was perfect as far as she was concerned. In fact, that's why she'd chosen Helium Road for this meeting in the first place. She didn't want anyone to see what she was about to do. Eventually Robin pulled her SUV over to the side of the road, put it in park, and began to wait. And as she did, she listened to the radio and looked out the window, and then eventually she saw headlights coming down the road behind her.


The following day at noon, almost 15 hours after Robin had left her house, a middle-aged man drove his truck down Helium Road. The sun was bright and it was about 65 degrees Fahrenheit. It looked and felt like a perfect spring day. As the man was driving, he spotted something in the distance, so we slowed down and squinted, and he was surprised by what he saw. Three young girls were running down the road right towards him, and they were screaming. This part of Helium Road was usually pretty deserted, and it wasn't really a place where kids played. So the man immediately hit his brakes, put his truck in park, and stepped outside to see what was going on. He walked over to the girls and asked if they were okay, and without breaking their stride, all three girls pointed behind them and started yelling, she's Dead.


She's dead. The man looked where the girls were pointing, and he saw there was a black SUV parked on the side of the road. He told the girls to stay where they were, and then he ran over to the SUV. And when he got there at first glance, it just looked like somebody had abandoned the vehicle. However, when he walked to the passenger side of the SUV and looked at the ground, he just froze. The man was in total shock at what he saw, and it horrified him that three young kids were clearly the first ones to have stumbled onto the scene. The man took a breath and steadied himself. Then he grabbed his phone and dialed nine one one.


A little later that afternoon, Sergeant Allen Mon Gold of the Randall County Sheriff's Department sped down Helium Road up ahead, he saw there was an ambulance, cop cars and a fire truck. And then behind him driving as well were more police cars. Sergeant Mongol could not think of a time ever when this spot on Helium Road, basically in the middle of all this farmland had been so crowded. He eventually pulled over and parked his car not far from a black SUV, and got out And immediately an officer ran over to meet him and said he'd taken statements from the three young girls and the man who had been there when he arrived, but he'd arranged for the girls to be taken home, and he'd sent that man on his way.


Mongol said that was fine. He would follow up with them if he needed to. And then he and the other officer walked around to the passenger side of this black SUV, and they joined a group of paramedics who were already standing there. But as soon as Mongol looked at the ground just outside the car, it was clear the paramedics could not do anything because lying there on the ground was a woman's body. And based on all the bugs crawling on her Mongol knew she must have been dead for at least several hours. Mongol put on his gloves and crouched down next to the body. The woman was on her back, and immediately Mongol saw a deep dark bruise on the left side of her head. And at first glance, this bruise did not appear to be something she got just from falling down or something.


It looked like something had been smashed into the side of her head like a heavy object. And so at this point, Mongol felt confident he was very likely dealing with a murder. He reached into the woman's pockets, but found they were empty. So he told one of the officers on hand to run the plates of the SUV, and then he and the others started to do a sweep of the area. Within minutes, Mongol saw the officer who had just run the plates, waving him over. Mongol joined him, and the officer said that the SUV was registered to a woman who name was Robin Spielbauer. And the image of Robin Spielbauer that popped up matched the victim.


Pretty soon, members of the county's forensics team arrived, and Sergeant Mongol searched the area around Robin's body and or SUV again. And this time a forensic tech saw something that seemed really strange. The back windshield of Robin's, SUV had a small crack in it, and embedded in the crack were tiny pieces of hot pink plastic. Now, neither the forensics tech nor Sergeant Mon Gold had any idea what this pink plastic was from, but the tech said hopefully that would become clear. After they ran some tests, The investigative team spent hours searching up and down Helium Road hoping to find a potential murder weapon or maybe Robin's cell phone.


But other than those pink plastic flex on the SUV windshield, there really wasn't much to go on. Mongol considered the possibility that this could have been a robbery gone wrong, that someone had gotten Robin to stop her car, attacked her and had stolen her purse and her phone. But the idea that a carjacker would choose this road to try to rob someone where there wasn't a whole lot of traffic, just didn't make a lot of sense to him. And so Mongol couldn't help but think that maybe Robin's killer was someone she knew. The following morning, April 9th, Sergeant Mongol sat at his desk reviewing the autopsy report.


The report stated that Robin had most likely died the night before her body was found, and that her body had just laid out doors on the side of the road overnight. And even more importantly, the autopsy report confirmed that Robin had been murdered because in addition to the blunt force trauma wound that Mongol had found on the side of her head, the medical examiner had also discovered a gunshot wound from a 22 caliber pistol in the back of Robin's head. So that morning, Sergeant Mongol went to meet with Robin's friends and family to learn as much as he could about her and also to see if anyone close to Robin owned a 22.


Mongol had informed Robin's parents about the death of their daughter the previous night, and even without the results of the autopsy report, he had told them he believed there had been foul play. And so through their complete shock and grief, Robin's parents had given Mongol a list of the few people who had been closest to Robin. And now Mongol decided to start with her new boyfriend, a bartender named Jared. But the conversation with Jared proved to be pretty uneventful. Jared said he'd been working at the bar the night that Robin had died. He said she hadn't called him or texted him or anything, and Mongol was able to quickly track down multiple people at the bar who corroborated Jared's alibi.


Now, the detective had no intention of crossing Jared off his list this early on, but Jared did not jump out as an obvious suspect. And so Mongol figured if Robin's current boyfriend didn't look like a major suspect, well, the next logical step was to talk to her ex-husband, JD Spielbauer. Later that day, now, over 24 hours after Robin's body had been found, Sergeant Mongol knocked on the front door of J D's house. And as he knocked, Mongol felt a bit surprised by where he was standing because JD lived only a few houses away from Robin's parents' house. The door opened and a woman who looked like she was in her late twenties with long brown hair and bright blue eyes was standing there.


Mongol introduced himself and the woman said her name was Katie and that she was j D's wife. She said news had traveled fast, so she already knew about the murder murder, and she assumed that's why Mongol was here to talk about it. Mongol nodded, but before he could say much more, a tall, thin man with a cropped military style haircut stepped outside. He introduced himself as JD Spielbauer, but immediately his wife, Katie snapped at him and told him to shut up because she was talking to the police. JD immediately hung his head and fell silent. Sergeant Mongol acted like he didn't notice any of that, but in reality, he was taken aback.


Married couples, even ones that didn't necessarily get along, rarely lashed out at each other in front of him, especially when they knew they could be potential suspects in a murder case. But Mongol remained calm and polite and asked them where they'd been The night that Robin died, Katie said that she and her son had been at a friend's house and they had come home around 10:00 PM JD said he'd been home all night with his uncle who also lived in the house. They'd just been drinking beer and playing some pool other than Katie's quick outburst at jd, nothing. The couple did after that seemed particularly strange. However, for some reason, Mongol just felt like there was a good chance both of these people were lying to his face.


He talked to them for a bit longer, and then as they wrapped up, he told them he would be in touch if he needed any more information. But as he walked back to his car, Mongol already knew he'd be calling JD and Katie down to the station soon. He just needed to be better prepared if he was really going to interview them. After leaving JD and Katie's house, Mongol drove a few minutes across town to Robin's best friend Aaron's house. Robin's parents had told Mongol that Robin and Aaron were extremely close and shared basically everything with each other.


So Mongol thought she'd be a great person to talk to to learn more about Robin, but also he figured if anybody had inside information on Robin's ex-husband and his new wife, it might be Aaron. And as it would turn out, Aaron knew a whole lot about Robin's ex and his new wife. She told him that at one point she, Robin, JD, and Katie had all been friends, but then JD and Katie had an affair and things got ugly. She said Robin constantly worried about the kids and wondered if she and JD should really be trying to co-parent them. Aaron also said that JD talked a lot about suffering from PTSD because of his time in combat as a Marine, Mongol took notes on everything Aaron was telling him, an affair, a divorce, and a potential custody battle could all be motives for murder.


And while Mongol did not believe that all military vets suffering from PTSD were inherently violent, J D's condition was still something he had to consider. But Aaron would tell Mongul something else that would instantly make him rethink his entire approach to JD and Katie. Aaron said late last year, Robin had gone over to JD and Katie's house to drop off the kids. However, when Katie had come in and seen her husband and Robin talking, she screamed, grabbed Robin, slammed her into the fireplace and threatened to ruin her life That evening, Sergeant Mongol led JD into an interview room at the sheriff's station, and then he sat down next to him at a small round table that was pushed up against the wall.


JD was wearing a t-shirt, jeans and a baseball cap that he kept messing with, like he was nervous. Mongol had spent most of the previous night trying to learn as much as possible about Robin, JD and Katie's relationship, and he had worked with the phone company to secure a copy of text messages sent to and from Robin's cell phone. Mongol started the interview by asking JD to give him an overview of what he'd been doing on the night. Robin died. JD spoke in a slow Texas draw. He was polite and addressed Mongol as sir, and he said basically the same thing he told Mongol when they met at the house, he'd been hanging out with his uncle at home, drinking and shooting pool.


Mongol nodded and asked if he'd seen Robin at all on that day, but JD shook his head and said he had not seen or talked to her. Sergeant Mongol reached down and grabbed a file folder out of a briefcase. He opened the folder and pulled out a piece of paper. Then he turned to JD and said he wanted to help him because clearly JD was having trouble remembering things. Clearly. Mongol told JD that this piece of paper was a record of all the text messages Robin had sent and received on the night she died. And her final text exchange was with JD just before 9:30 PM And it was clear from this text that the two of them had been planning to meet up that night.


JD immediately took off his hat and ran his hand through his hair. He apologized for lying, and then as he tried to explain himself, he started to stammer. Finally, he got out that Robin was supposed to meet him that night at his house to talk about a standardized test their older daughter was supposed to take. However, JD said Robin never showed up. At this point. Mongol really began to press jd. He asked him if Robin had never showed up, why hadn't he reached out to her? And JD really struggled to come up with an answer. He remained polite and kept calling Mongol, sir. But as he was doing that, Mongol got the impression that this was not a man who planned things out or who could easily organize his thoughts.


And so eventually Mongol told JD that he could assume only one of two things. JD had lied because he was the one who murdered Robin or he had lied to cover for someone else. JD just shook his head and said he would never hurt Robin. But Mongol snapped back and said, well, if you didn't kill her, who did? JD went quiet for a second, and then he looked up at Mongol and just said, I have suspicions. Now during this interview, JD did not come out and actually say who he suspected, but Mongol thought it was pretty clear. In fact, Mongol had the same suspicion since he talked to Robin's friend Aaron. So Mongol didn't waste any time he let JD go and then had J D's wife Katie brought to the station and into the same small interview room.


Katie was wearing a sweatshirt with a pink camouflage pattern on it. And while her husband JD had looked very nervous when he came in, Katie on the other hand just looked mad. But before Sergeant Mongol could even ask her a question, she said she needed him Mongol to tell her something. She said she needed to know if JD was having an affair with his ex-wife. Robin Mongol said he didn't know if that was the case, but he did know that JD and Robin had planned to see each other on the night that Robin died. After hearing this, Katie broke down sobbing and put her face in her hands. She said she knew it. She knew Robin had been trying to tear her marriage apart because Robin had never gotten over JD after the divorce.


But despite all the obvious anger Katie felt towards Robin, she insisted that she had nothing to do with Robin's murder. However, despite what Katie and JD said during their interviews, Sergeant Mongol still decided to secure search warrants for their house and their cell phones, and he felt sure he would soon be able to arrest one or both of them.


Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries a totally separate show all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early in ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or Listen on Amazon Music with Prime.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does It feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristin Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance At the truth. I have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I Just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen To episodes of Karen the Retrial exclusively and ad free on Wondery Plus.


Hey, listeners, big news for true crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Bain's Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top True crime podcasts completely ad free. No more wading through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballin. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballen here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED declassified mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's hidden files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions, Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the tic-Tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus On April 10th.


So just three days after Robin's murder, Sergeant Mongol and the investigative team searched JD and Katie's house, and they quickly found a room filled with guns. Mongol didn't think that was strange, though Amarillo, Texas was home to a lot of Abbott hunters. And most of the weapons in this room were hunting rifles. But one gun immediately caught the detective's eye. Sitting in an open case was a sig sour 22 caliber pistol. Now, Robin had been shot with a 20, but that was not actually the only thing that made this gun stand out. This gun had hot pink plastic accents on part of the grip and the barrel.


And when Mongol leaned down to get a better look, he noticed that part of the pink plastic on the grip was cracked, and that small pieces of the plastic appeared to be missing. And so right away, Mongol assumed that those small pieces of pink plastic that were missing must have wound up embedded in the back windshield of Robin's. SUV. Investigators quickly found out that the gun was registered to Katie, and they even found photos she had posted on social media of her holding that gun. And later that day, when police searched Katie's text messages, they found something just as damning. In the four days leading up to the murder, Katie had sent 336 text messages to JD, threatening to ruin him and Robin, and the final text, message number 336, which Katie had sent to JD about an hour before Robin had left her parents' house and driven out to Helium Road said, you started this.


Whether you want to believe it or not, I will finish it. The Randall County Sheriff's Department and the District Attorney's office moved fast on April 11th. Four days after Robin's murder, they arrested Katie. However, before the case could go to trial, the DA wanted either a confession or clear evidence that demonstrated Katie had been driving on Helium Road. On the night of the murder. Katie refused to confess. She just repeated her story that she had been with her son at a friend's house and then gone home at around 10:00 PM that night. Now, Katie's cell phone had pinged off a tower near the murder site. At the time, Robin was most likely killed, but that tower also would've pinged if she was driving from her friend's house to her house.


So it was not the definitive evidence. The DA was the looking for the search for some elusive piece of evidence that would ensure a guilty verdict began to frustrate the police. After all, Sergeant Mongol and his team had Katie's gun and her threatening text messages to jd, and they knew Katie had once slammed Robin into a fireplace. But Mongul and his team's hands were tied because the DA's office had taken over the investigation. The DA's office wound up re-interviewing people connected to the case and also scouring surveillance footage from locations just outside of town to see if they could spot Katie's car pulling onto Helium Road. But none of this led to anything new, and the investigation dragged on for months.


And so the DA began to worry that he would never find this piece of evidence that would definitively win over a jury. But on a day in July of 2015, over 15 months after Robin's murder, a woman who worked for the DA rushed into his office, and she had a very excited look on her face. She told the DA that she'd seen a story on the news about how certain cell phones left a clear digital footprint when they were connected to wifi. Essentially, police could use this wifi data to track exactly where a phone had been, which was far more information than a cell phone tower could provide. When the DA heard this, his face lit up. He'd never heard about this type of search.


So he gathered his team and they immediately got in contact with the phone and internet companies. And soon they were able to trace Katie's exact path on the night of the murder. This was exactly the kind of evidence the DA had been looking for. And not long after that, the DA got another big break When he was contacted by Robin Spiel Bauer's mom, she told him that she had just gotten this very bizarre phone call that she knew would help his investigation. And the information Robin's mom provided along with the newly collected wifi data finally solidified the case based on the information from Robin's mom, cell phone, and wifi data and evidence collected throughout the investigation.


The following is a reconstruction of what authorities believed happened to Robin Spielbauer on April 7th, 2014. That night, the killer drove their truck through town trailing just far enough behind Robin, so as not to be spotted, the city lights slowly disappeared behind them. As the killer followed Robin out onto a dark dirt road. And after a few more minutes of driving, the killer saw Robin pull over and park. And so the killer slowed down as well and parked right behind her.


Once they were stopped, the killer put on a pair of gloves, grabbed a gun from the passenger seat, and then stepped outside, leaving their headlights on. The killer, calmly walked towards the SUV, raised their gun and slammed it against Robin's back windshield. The windshield cracked and the killer heard. Robin began to scream from inside the vehicle. The driver's side door of the SUV suddenly flew open and Robin lunged outta the car and started screaming at the killer, but the killer just raised their gun. Robin saw the gun in the headlights from the truck, and she ran towards the farmland that surrounded the road trying to get away. But the killer followed, and they aimed at Robin in the low light and they fired.


The bullet struck Robin in the back of the head. She stumbled. Her body twisted, and she fell to the ground on her back. The killer approached and saw Robin was still breathing, so they aimed the gun at her forehead and pulled the trigger again. But the gun jammed. The killer panicked. They rushed back to their truck, glancing over their shoulder to make sure Robin was not getting up and running off the killer. Found a tire iron from the truck bed, took it and ran back to the side of the road where Robin was still laying on the ground. The killer held up the tire iron and swung it hard into the side of Robin's head. Blood spilled from Robin's temple out onto the ground. Now she stopped breathing and she died right there on the side of the road.


The killer leaned down and took Robin's cell phone out of her pocket. They searched her other pocket for personal items, but she didn't have anything else on her. So the killer walked over to her. SUV leaned inside through the open driver's side door and grabbed Robin's purse. And then with that in hand, they shut the door behind them. The killer ran back to their truck, hopped in the driver's seat, and sped off down the dirt road back towards their house in town once back inside the safety of their home, the killer walked right into their gun room and they would put the gun they had just used to shoot Robin, a sig sour 22 caliber pistol with a pink plastic grip into an open gun case.


At this point, the killer took a deep breath and began to calm down. They were convinced the police would eventually find this pink gun, and when they did, they would believe Katie had murdered Robin. Katie Phipps would stay in prison for over a year awaiting trial while the DA's office tried to find evidence that would ensure her conviction in court. But Katie didn't murder Robin, her husband JD did. It would turn out that Katie's suspicions about JD and Robin had been correct. JD who had cheated on Robin with Katie had now begun cheating on Katie with Robin.


But JD knew Katie had caught on, and the whole thing had now turned into a total mess. He wanted both women out of his life, so he murdered his ex-wife and framed his current wife for the crime. On the night of the murder, the way JD had lured Robin to Helium Road was he had been texting back and forth with her to set up a meeting on that secluded road. That way they could carry on their affair without being seen. Police had considered JD a suspect, but the bulk of the evidence they found seemed to point to his wife, Katie. She had sent hundreds of threatening text messages, had physically assaulted Robin, and had claimed she was going to quote, finish what JD had inadvertently started.


And when tests were run on Katie's gun, the pink plastic from the weapon matched the pink plastic police had found embedded in Robin's back windshield. And so after only a four day investigation, police had arrested and jailed Katie. But over a year later, as investigators and the DA tried to shore up their case before going to court, new evidence came to light. Katie's phone had not been connected to wifi on the night of her murder, however her son's phone had. And so using the wifi data from her son's phone in connection with cell phone tower from Katie's phone, police were able to see that on the night of the murder, Katie's route was directly from her friend's house back to her own house.


At that point, they realized Katie had been telling the truth. She did not kill Robin. Also, investigators came to believe that many of Katie's threatening text messages to JD might have been about divorcing him and exposing his affair, not about harming Robin. So with this new evidence, police released Katie from jail, and the DA admitted he had rushed to judgment about her guilt. Once Katie was out, investigators quickly turned their attention to jd, and one of the first things they discovered was that j d's stories about suffering from PTSD were a complete lie. Because JD had never served in the military, it was just something he lied about to impress women.


And so the fact he had successfully carried out this lie for years and had even convinced police it was true, helped lead the investigators to believe that JD was much craftier than they had given him credit for. They came to assume that everything he'd told them during the investigation was potentially a lie, and that he had the personality and the mental capacity to frame someone else for murder. And then finally, when investigators really began to move in on JD, Robin's mom contacted the DA about this bizarre phone call she got. She said that JD had called her and asked her to lend him a significant amount of money so that he could take his daughters on a trip to New York, ASAP.


With everything else investigators had learned, they saw this as a huge red flag. They believed the reason JD was trying to go to New York was actually just to make a run for the Canadian border. So they arrested JD before he could leave town, and they charged him with the murder of his ex-wife, Robin. JD was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in prison. He'll have a chance for parole in 2046. Despite the conviction, some members of the sheriff's department continued to believe that Katie had played a role in this crime. But once she was released from jail, Katie was never arrested or charged again in connection with Robin's murder.


A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast.


If you enjoyed today's story and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts, this podcast, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and also Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run fool and REDACTED. Just search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts. To find all of these shows to watch hundreds more stories just like the ones you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin.


So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.