
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. If you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and mysterious, then you should check out my other podcast, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. Each week I dive into some of the most bizarre mind-bending medical stories you've ever heard. Cases that leave doctors scratching their heads, miraculous recoveries that defy logic and strange medical mishaps that seem too wild to be real. These stories are more than just eerie. They are a reminder of how unpredictable and sometimes terrifying life can be. Up next is one of my recent favorites from the series. Whether you're new to Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries or a longtime listener, I think you'll find it just as captivating as I did. If you like this content, make sure to follow Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries on Amazon Music or wherever you get your podcasts. We put out new episodes every week, and each one dives into a bizarre mind-bending medical mystery that will leave you questioning what you thought you knew about the human body.


In 1987, a woman walked into a public health center in Goya, Brazil, desperate for help. She was pale and weak, and she said a strange sickness was slowly killing her family. The official who saw the woman thought she was exaggerating, but just 24 hours later, he realized she was the key to solving one of the worst disasters in Brazil's history. From Bain Studios and Wondery, I'm Mr. Bain, and this is Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, where every week we will explore a new baffling mystery originating from the one place we all can't escape our own bodies.


If you enjoy stories like this, please sign the follow button up for a cannonball competition in the Lepo River. Don't Ms. Good American family. We Have a little girl here for adoption. She has dwarfs Starring Ellen Pompeo and Mark Duplas. Something is off. She's just a little girl. Girl. You think she's faking. She has adult teeth. There are signs of puberty Inspired by the shocking stories that tore a family apart. I don't Know what's going on. How old are you?


You should get a lawyer. You have no idea how those people hurt this girl. The Hulu original series go to American Family New episodes Wednesdays streaming on Hulu.


The show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


This week's story is called A Change in Fortune. On the hot evening of September 20th, 1987, 37-year-old Maria Ferrera hosted a lively family gathering at her small home in Goya, Brazil. Goya was a cosmopolitan city with nearly a million people. Gleaming skyscrapers and tropical fruit trees lined the wealthy downtown area, but there were also areas of extreme poverty. Maria and her husband Aire lived in one of these lower income neighborhoods where they owned and operated a scrap yard on their property.


It was hard work, especially in the intense tropical heat, but Maria and Aire made a great team. Maria liked to joke that even though Aire was short and stocky, he always had his head in the clouds. Aire would tease Maria when she took things too seriously saying that that was why she had a gray streak in her long brown hair. But on this night, Maria was totally relaxed. There was plenty of delicious food and drink with people she loved, and they were able to pay for it because they had a little extra money from selling more scrap metal than usual. Maria and DA had also acquired a rare good luck charm a few days earlier. They never had much in the way of material possessions, but they tried to find beauty in their everyday life.


This time it was in a trinket de had found. As they passed it around the table, she felt grateful for all the good fortune that had come their way. In the chair next to Maria de scooped a spoonful of black bean and pork stew onto his plate. He was listening to his brother, who was a bus driver, tell a story. He always had something funny to share from one of his routes. Deb air's other brother Evo was there as well with his wife and their six-year-old daughter, LA G. The little girl's, big brown eyes and joyful laugh filled Maria with love. Lei G was the closest thing she had had to a daughter since she didn't have any children of her own.


It was the perfect night, and that called for a toast. Once everyone refilled their glasses. Maria raised hers in the air and thanked her family for coming. They all cheered and drank to the future. Later after everyone left, dere went into the garage to finish up some work. As Maria washed coffee cups and put away plates, she could hear thunder in the distance. The next morning, on September 21st, Maria woke to the sound of rain pelting her tin rooftop. Goya's rainy season normally ran from October to April, but this year it had started earlier than usual. As Maria climbed out of bed, she noticed that she didn't feel well.


Her body was stiff and her stomach felt upset. She wrote off her discomfort to the previous night's festivities and tried to carry on with her day. But as time passed, Maria was starting to feel increasingly sick until finally after a few hours, she started violently vomiting. Now, the pain in Maria's stomach was so bad that she decided she needed to see a doctor right away. She slowly got dressed and walked out to Tellier. Maria found him working in the scrap yard. It was cluttered with old refrigerators, large pieces of sheet metal and disassembled machines de offered to take her, but she said she didn't want to distract him from his work, so she told him she could get there on her own.


Maria took a bus to a nearby hospital and was able to see a doctor right away. After the doctor examined her, he said everything was fine. She must be having an allergic reaction to something she ate. Maria was relieved. It wasn't something more serious. She found it hard to believe she could be this sick from food. She was used to eating, but the doctor reassured her and said to go home and rest and she would feel better soon. But that evening, Maria still felt just as sick. She called her mom who lived in a neighboring town and asked her to come stay for a few days. Maria's mother took a bus there right away, and once she got there, she did her best to nurse her daughter back to health, feeding her broth and her herbs.


But whatever Maria had caught, that just wasn't going away. Even worse, Maria's mother soon started to feel sick too with the same symptoms of fever and upset stomach that Maria had. So two days later, Maria's mom had to return back to her home to rest and recuperate as well. Maria was confused if she was suffering from a food allergy. Like the doctor thought, why would her mom have gotten sick too? So now she thought maybe she'd come down with the flu and her mother had just caught it from her. So when her brother-in-law, Evo stopped by the house on September 24th, Maria tried to keep her distance from him. She'd been sick for four days and didn't wanna risk passing anything on Evo.


Didn't stay long at Maria and Deb's house, and soon he got back to his own home right in time for lunch. His wife had put out some egg sandwiches, and after Evo and his wife had sat down to eat, they called in their daughter Lei to come join them. But Legge was having too much fun playing with her dolls, her glitter, and her coloring books. Finally, legi did abandon her toys and took her seat at the table with her parents. But just 10 minutes after eating, Lei threw up. Then later that afternoon, Evo and his wife got sick too. At first they thought it was the eggs they had for lunch, but Evo soon realized this wasn't just a case of food poisoning. It seemed like almost everyone who had gone to the Ferrera household recently was getting sick, and by now that included de Bayer who was feeling nauseous as well as his mother who had come by to visit.


The list grew to include two of De ER's brothers and a handful of their children. The sickness had even spread to several of the neighbors who had visited with Maria and De Bayer. Two of de ER's scrapyard employees had also become ill all in the span of a week. When Maria found out about the growing number of people who were getting sick, she was horrified and she became even more afraid when she noticed something else very disturbing. There were these red lesions that were showing up on her skin that were painful to the touch. By September 27th, nearly a week after first getting sick, Maria's stomach pain was unbearable as she laid curled up in bed, listening to the rain, falling outside, she thought back to that last night, she felt healthy.


It was the same night she had hosted the big family gathering. Maria tried to remember everything she had done that night. Then she realized something. There was only one thing that everyone who had gotten sick over the last 10 days had in common. Maria could barely move, but she knew what she had to do next. If she didn't get to the bottom of this mystery, her whole family could be in serious danger, And so on the next morning, she wheeled herself out of bed and slowly managed to get dressed. Then she gathered the evidence she needed in a cloth sack. Maria knew where she wanted to take it, and it wasn't to the hospital where she'd been before. She was going somewhere that had the authority to help her.


The only issue was she needed someone to go with her. She was too exhausted to make the trip on her own. Aire wasn't feeling well enough to go with her, so she asked another scrap yard employee to accompany her. Maria let the young man carry the bag she'd packed. She was so weak she could barely keep moving just down the street. They boarded a crowded bus, and about a half hour later, they got off near an office called the Lancia Sanaria. This was a public health agency that regulated pharmaceuticals, food products, and sanitary conditions. It was basically the Brazilian equivalent of the Food and Drug Administration in the United States. Maria thought that if anybody could figure out what was making her and her family so sick, it would be someone at this agency.


She and her companion entered the plain brick building through a courtyard and were taken into the office belonging to the agency's director, the young man helping Maria drop the bag he was carrying on the official's desk. Then Maria wiped her flushed face with a handkerchief and explained what it was. She said the contents of the bag were killing her family. The official just stared at her. He looked inside the bag and seemed confused. The items inside didn't look particularly dangerous. He said what really concerned him was Maria. Maria knew she was sweating and visibly shaking, and she noticed his expression as he looked at all the lesions and burn like marks on her arms.


The official told her that right now she just needed to see a doctor, but he did promise he would take a closer look at what was in the bag and just to be safe. The official put the bag on a chair in the building's courtyard, then made sure Maria knew how to get to the nearest health clinic. Maria was skeptical the last time she'd seen a doctor. He'd given her the wrong diagnosis, but she didn't know what else to do. So she and her companion left the agency and headed to the bus stop. Maria insisted that her companion returned to the scrap yard and get back to work. Unsure and scared about what she would find out. Maria boarded the bus alone.


A short time later, a doctor at this clinic carefully examined Maria and then gave her a new diagnosis. He said she was right. She was not experiencing an allergic reaction or food poisoning. What she had was a tropical disease and her family and friends who were sick probably had it too. He explained that the unusually heavy rains had been spawning mosquitoes and a host of other bugs that carried infectious diseases. A virus like Dengue or Zika would explain her symptoms including the burn like lesions she developed. The doctor assured Maria that this was all very manageable and that everything would be okay. Then he arranged to have her transported to the Tropical Diseases Hospital for specialized treatment.


Maria's une lightened and she even managed a weak smile. She finally had a real explanation for what was happening to her and her family. It was a relief to think that the bag she had left at the health agency didn't actually have anything to do with a tropical virus. Less than an hour later, Maria arrived at the Tropical Diseases Hospital as a doctor took her vitals. She asked if he knew what type of virus was going around, but instead of answering her question, the doctor gently took her arm and began closely examining her skin lesions. Then he called one of the nurses over to look at them. The nurse said she'd seen some other patients with similar burns in the last few days.


Suddenly, the doctor's face turned serious, which made Maria extremely nervous. He continued to examine her and then he stepped back. He explained that the doctor at the previous health clinic had been wrong too. Maria's symptoms did not line up with any kind of tropical disease he'd ever treated. In fact, this doctor was afraid. Maria's symptoms were connected to another sickness entirely, and if he was even partially correct, they would need to move quickly. This could be a dangerous situation. The doctor asked her detailed questions about the past several days, and Maria shared everything she could remember. She could see the alarms spread across his face. The more they talked, Maria felt a terrible wave of panic and nausea start to wash over her, and then she felt like she needed to tell him about the bag.


So she explained that she had brought this bag and left it at the Public Health Agency in hopes that they would analyze it. As soon as she said this, the doctor quickly excused himself and ran as fast as he could to the phone. He called a physician at the State's Department of the environment. He tried to hide the rising panic in his voice as he explained the urgency of the situation and that action needed to be taken immediately. Both doctors agreed that the bag Maria brought to the public health office had to be examined as soon as possible to prevent the spread of what was making everyone sick. The doctor at the Department of the Environment knew a specialist named Walter Ferrera.


Dr. Ferrera, who had no relation to Maria and her family would be able to properly analyze the bag's contents, but because it was late in the evening, they wouldn't be able to contact him until the next day, early the next morning, Dr. Ferrera was getting dressed when his phone rang, it was the doctor from the Department of the Environment calling Dr. Ferrera pasted anxiously as he learned what was going on. There was a huge crisis taking place in Guana, and he needed to act quickly. He scribbled down the address to the public health office where the bag was, and then ran out the door and went to a nearby office to grab some equipment. He hoped his colleague at the Department of the Environment was wrong about everything because if he wasn't, that meant thousands of lives were now in


danger. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


this podcast is brought to you by Squarespace. Squarespace makes it easy to create a website and grow a business all in one place, all on your terms with these brand new product features. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace, empowering anyone to build a beautiful more personalized website tailored to their unique needs. Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments all in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. Get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, give your customers more ways to pay With popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH direct debit in the us. Apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada and Clear Pay in the uk, Squarespace offers dozens of intuitive design tools to help grow credibility and engage visitors with an unrivaled suite of design effects built in and ready to go. I like when all the tools you need to bring your ideas to life are this easy to find. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Bain to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain using Code Bain. That's Squarespace dot com slash Bain. Code Bain for 10% off your first purchase.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes blisters, and that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear, and t-shirts that give back One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery at checkout.


Behind those cozy nights at home, thousands of employees at BP go to work every day, people producing more US natural gas people building grid scale, solar capacity, people turning landfill, waste gas into pipeline quality, renewable natural gas, and people delivering all of that power where it's needed. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at BP dot com slash investing in America.


About an hour later, Dr. Ferrera arrived at the public health office. Before he entered the courtyard, he pulled a device out of a case. The device would reveal if their terrible suspicions were correct. He carefully switched on the piece of equipment, but right away it seemed like the device was malfunctioning, and no matter how much Dr. Ferrera struggled to adjust the equipment, it just wouldn't work. The readings were just so impossible that he assumed it had to be broken. Dr. Ferrera was frustrated. Now he would need to go back to his office and swap out this broken device for a new one. So he let the receptionist know he'd be back as soon as possible.


Almost two hours later, Dr. Ferrera returned with a replacement piece of equipment. When he turned that one on, the exact same thing happened. The readings were impossible. He tried turning it on and off several times, but he just kept getting these totally incredible readings. After a few minutes, Dr. Ferrera was horrified to realize that he had been wrong. Both of these devices had been working perfectly fine, and that meant the reality of this situation was much, much worse. If this situation didn't get handled, the whole city of Guana could have a catastrophic health crisis on their hands, and maybe all of Brazil could have a health crisis on their hands.


So Dr. Ferrera knew he needed to get to that bag. Dr. Ferrera ran inside the building and was met by the facilities director. Ferrera asked where this bag was, but the director explained that he had become concerned about the bag's contents, so he had called in the fire brigade for assistance. In fact, the firefighters were already there and were about to take the bag from the building's courtyard. Their plan was to dispose of it in a nearby stream. Dr. Ferrera ran into the courtyard and saw a group of firefighters surrounding the bag. He yelled for them to stop, and that if they threw it in the water, it would trigger a horrific disaster. He warned them not to touch it and insisted that everyone just evacuate the building.


Once Dr. Ferrera was able to explain what was happening, the firefighters realized just how serious this situation was, and they helped him clear the area, but the day was far from over. Dr. Ferreira knew he needed to track down Maria and speak to her about the contents of this bag. He located her at a hospital, but her condition had now worsened to the point where she was just too weak to even talk, but she was able to instruct Dr. Ferrera to just go to her family's junkyard where he would find her husband, and he could answer any questions that Dr. Might have. It was noon. By the time Dr.


Ferreira and his colleague got to Maria and DE's scrap yard. When they arrived, they saw de Bayer working next to his garage. Dr. Ferreira introduced himself and tried to shake de Bayer's hand, but de politely refused, and then he showed them the inside of his hand and there was this huge open sore on his palm. Dr. Ferrera looked at it and then immediately shot a look of worry at his colleague. The doctor knew this type of wound on Deb's hand could only be caused by one thing, and it was the thing that Dr. Ferrera feared the most.


Aire told them that this whole situation began 11 days earlier. On September 18th, that morning, around 10:00 AM a young man had stopped by their scrap yard and told him about some scrap metal he'd found and wanted to sell. He had never seen anything like it and thought it was valuable. Dere said he was interested and told the young man to bring it over. Later that day, the young man returned now hauling something in a wheelbarrow. Inside this wheelbarrow were the disassembled pieces of a large metal contraption. There was also a small capsule shaped like an oversized thermos de thought both items were made of stainless steel, which would earn him a nice profit.


But after de Bayer examined the capsule more closely, he became even more excited. It was lined with lead, which was an even more valuable medal. Aire paid the man the equivalent of about 30 US dollars and brought his new purchases into his garage. He left them there before heading inside to eat dinner. Once he was done eating, he headed back to the garage to start extracting the lead. But when Deb Bayer opened back up the garage doors, he was amazed by what he now saw inside. A strange blue glow was now coming from the thermos shaped capsule. De was a deeply spiritual man and thought he might have encountered something supernatural.


He grabbed the metal capsule and called Maria into the garage so she could see it too. When Maria saw its unusual glow, she was just as mystified as de They took a closer look and saw that the blue light was coming through a small window on the side of the capsule. The window looked like it had already been punctured with a screwdriver probably by the young man who had just sold it to DeVeer. Maria thought there could be a priceless gemstone hidden inside, but DeVeer was sure that it was actually a Holy relic that would bring blessings and good fortune to the family. DeVeer was determined to continue examining this object, so he poked around the small opening with a screwdriver and removed what appeared to be several small pellets of a glittery bluish powder.


The pellets were part of a slightly bigger pile that still sat deep inside the capsule. For all de Bayer knew this luminous powder could be worth thousands of dollars. They could change their lives in a way they'd never imagined. As de Bayer told the doctors of this discovery, he remembered how special he felt handling the powder, and he wanted his whole family to experience it. This was the Good Luck charm they shared at their big family dinner. Over the next few days, Deba Air shared his discovery with more family and friends and neighbors, and each time someone came over, he brought out the special glitter. Small groups of people gathered around the capsule and peered through the broken window to admire the glowing powder.


Inside. Many touched the small pellets. De had extracted. Seeing how excited everyone was about the powder made. De Bayer determined to extract the rest of it from the capsule. So a friend came over and using a screwdriver helped him remove fragments from behind the glass window. Eventually, they did get it all out. The entire pile was small enough to fit in the palm of De Air's hand. Once all the powder had been extracted, Deb Bayer gave the capsule to two of his employees and asked them to melt it down for metal and sell it to a nearby scrap yard. Then he brought some of the powder to Maria, who in turn dusted it all over her pajamas and bedsheets.


Deb Bayer gave a grain sized fragment to his brother, the bus driver who rubbed it on his hands before heading into work and on his shift as a bus driver, he came into contact with dozens of people. Another one of De Bayer's brothers dipped his finger in the blue powder and traced across on his abdomen for divine protection. Maria's mother handled some of the powder while she was taking care of Maria, and then she too became ill. Around that same time. De Bayer had given some fragments to his brother. Evo, and later Evos daughter Lei played with the glittery crystals and rubbed them all over her hands and arms, and then immediately after doing that, she had eaten her egg sandwich and become ill right away.


Dere also shared his good luck charm with several neighbors who began having symptoms as well. After Maria had spent days wondering what might have caused so many people to get sick so quickly, she finally realized they all had one thing in common. They all had come in contact with this mysterious blue powder. So on the morning of September 28th, 10 days after buying this capsule, Maria told De she was taking what was left of the powder and the capsule to the local health agency to be analyzed. She placed these remnants in a large cloth bag. Then she headed out with one of DE's employees to retrieve the parts of the capsule that had been sold to the other scrapyards.


She managed to collect most of it. Those were also placed in the bag that Maria brought to the public health office. The story confirmed Dr. Ferrero's worst fears. He asked Deval about the young man who first sold him the capsule and where he'd gotten it. DeVere said he wasn't sure, but he thought it might have come from some sort of abandoned facility that was located nearby. Dr. Ferreira turned to his colleague and saw that the other doctor's face had now gone white because he knew exactly where that capsule had come from. It was a clinic that had closed two years earlier, a cancer treatment clinic. The capsule had come from a radiation therapy machine, and the magical blue powder that was inside wasn't from a precious gemstone.


The powder was a highly radioactive material called Cesium 1 37. When properly contained in the capsule, the powder's destructive capabilities could be used for focused cancer treatments, but without that protective shell, the powder became one of the most lethal substances on Earth. Maria and the others were not suffering from a tropical disease or any of the other things that doctors first thought they were experiencing massive radiation poisoning, and the lesions they had developed were radiation burns. The handful of powder that DeVeer found was enough to make more than 200 people extremely ill and placed thousands more in danger.


Dr. Ferrera knew all this because he was was a medical physicist, and the tool he had tried to use outside of the public health agency was a radiation detector. He thought both detectors were broken because they were making so much noise and their readings were so high, they were literally off the charts, but the detectors were correct. They were reading such high levels of radiation in the vicinity of where this bag was that contained the powder that the federal government would have to get involved. And now that Dr. Ferrera had confirmed just how serious the situation had become, he contacted Brazil's Nuclear Energy Commission. Within a matter of hours, they started testing thousands of Goya's residents for radiation poisoning in the city's sports stadium.


On the morning of September 30th, 13 days after DeVare bought the capsule, workers in hazmat suits arrived in the courtyard of the health agency to properly dispose of the bag that contained the radioactive material. The abandoned cancer clinic where the blue powder was first discovered was demolished as well. On October 23rd, Maria Herrera finally died. Her niece Lei also died on the same day. They were each buried in special fiberglass lead lined coffins to prevent radiation from leaking out. By the end of the month, DE's two young employees also died as a result of the exposure they had received when they melted down the capsule for de.


While Maria's husband DeVare survived the tragedy he never mentally recovered. DeVare died in 19 94, 7 years later. Thankfully, no one else died from the radiation exposure, but many others sustained amputations, severe burn scars, and lifelong medical conditions. The Guana incident remains one of history's deadliest disasters involving medical radiation From Ballen Studios, studios and Wondery.


This is Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries hosted by me, Mr. Bain. A quick reminder, the content in this episode is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. This episode was written by Lauren Deli. Our editor is Heather Dundas. Sound design is by Matthew Elli. Coordinating producer is Sophia Martins. Our senior producer is Alex Beadon. Our associate producers and researchers are Sarah Vitak and Natalie Bettendorf. Fact Checking was done by Sheila Patterson. For Ballen Studios, our producer is Alyssa. To our head of production is Zach Levitt. Executive producers are myself, Mr.


Ballin and Nick Whitters. For Wondery Senior Managing Producer is Ryan Lore. Our head of sound is Marcino Villa Pondo. Our producer is Julie mcgruder. Senior producers are Laura Donna Polly Voda, Dave Shilling, and Matt Olmos. Our executive producers are Erin o' Flaherty and Marshall Louie for Wondery.


Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Ben hadn't had a decent night's sleep in a month, so during one of his restless nights, he booked a package triple abroad on Expedia. When he arrived at his Beachside hotel, he discovered a miraculous bed slung between two trees and fell into the best sleep of his life. You were made to be rechargeable. We were made to package flights and hotels and hammocks for less. Expedia made to travel.