
Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app today.


Hello fans of The Strange, dark and Mysterious, Mr. Ballin here. By now, you may already know about my other podcast called Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, where I tell you guessed it, medical mysteries. Well, today on this podcast I'm gonna share with you one of my favorite episodes from my medical mystery show. It's called The, Curse of Veneto, and it's got one heck of an ending. It's about a family in Italy that for centuries is hit with one tragedy after another. Now, local legends suggests that this family was cursed, which seemed like sort of a catchall way of saying the family was just very unlucky. However, by the end of this nightmarish episode, you might actually believe that this family really was cursed. if you enjoy today's special medical mystery episode, well you're in luck because you can go binge dozens and dozens more medical mysteries right now for free. Just look up Mr. Bain's medical mysteries wherever you get your podcasts and boom, you're in. Also, if you want, you can listen to Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries early and ad free on Amazon Music or by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Okay, enjoy the story.


In the summer of 1983, a middle aged Italian man held his mother's hands as they swayed about on a dance floor. His mother was in her nineties and was not able to get out very much so this was an extremely special occasion, and this particular dance floor was on a cruise ship sailing on the Mediterranean Sea. It was an unbelievable experience. He knew they would never forget. Then a slow song came on and as they danced together, the man began to feel abnormally hot sweat ran down his chest and underneath his tuxedo jacket, his hair stuck to his neck. And when he touched his forehead, his hand came away wet. He told his mother he'd be right back, and then he left the dance floor, took off his jacket and walked to the cruise deck hoping the ocean breeze would cool him down.


But when he got up there, he didn't cool down, and instead he just kept on sweating until his dress shirt was completely drenched. The man finally just ran to a bathroom in one of the cruise ships long hallways, and he ran right over to the sink, turned on the cold water and splashed it on his face. But when he looked up at his reflection, he couldn't believe what he was seeing, not because of how much he was sweating, but because when he looked at his eyes, he could see his pupils had shrunk to two tiny pinpricks. Suddenly he knew exactly what was wrong. He stared at his sweaty reflection and told himself he would go back out there on the dance floor and he would enjoy this night with his mother. He had to make every second count because he was certain he'd be dead within a year.


From Bain Studios and Wondery, I'm Mr. Bain, and this is Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries where every week we will explore a new baffling mystery originating from the one place we all can't escape our own bodies. if you like today's story, please take the follow button on a 70 hour cross country road trip and insist on only listening to Christmas music the entire time. This episode is called The Curse of Veneto. On a spring evening in 1978, a 48-year-old man named Silvano walked through the doors of a grand Italian Palazzo.


Silvano was in this big gorgeous house to celebrate someone's birthday, though he wasn't exactly sure whose birthday it was, this wasn't unusual for Silvano. He came from one of the most prominent families in the Veneto region. So his calendar was often packed with all kinds of galas and parties and charity events, and he never passed up an opportunity to slick back as bright red hair and dress in his favorite tuxedo. As Silvano made his way to the bar, he noticed people looking at him and whispering to each other. He tried not to pay any mind to it. Everyone in his family was the subject of gossip and rumors. It was something he'd grown up with his entire life. So Silvano ignored the chatter while he got his drink and then went to join some friends while they talked.


He caught the eye of a beautiful woman across the room and instead of turning away or whispering to her friends, the woman smiled. Silvano smiled back. He'd always had a lot of success with dating, and he loved the Bachelor lifestyle, so he excused himself from his friends and began walking in the woman's direction. But before he reached her, somebody grabbed his arm, Silvano turned to see who it was, and he saw it was his niece's husband, Ignacio, and he was out of breath. His hair was a mess and his clothes were totally disheveled, and he told Silvano that something was terribly wrong with Silvano sister. Silvano kept a calm expression on his face, but inside he was panicking because he knew exactly what was wrong with his sister.


He told Ignacio to bring him to his sister right away and the two men hurried off out of the party. About half an hour later, Silvano was by his sister's bedside and she was curled up in her pajamas, totally drenched in sweat. Silvano bent down to ask how she was feeling, and when she turned to look at him, her pupils were so small he could barely see them. She stared in his direction for a moment and then just shook her head. Tears slowly filled SI's eyes. He knew what that look meant. His sister had been struck by the family curse. A few months later in early 1979, Silvano and the rest of his family stood at his sister's grave for her funeral.


His mother gripped his arms sobbing into his chest while the priest performed the eulogy. Silvano was stricken with grief as well, but now his eyes were dry. He felt like he'd been mourning his sister ever since. That night when he found out she was sick, he just didn't have any more tears to cry. He held tightly onto his mother doing his best to offer her comfort. He whispered to her that there was nothing anyone could have done. After all, nobody survives. The family curse At this Silvio's mother snapped her head up, glaring at him with red rimmed eyes. She hissed him to never speak of that again. Otherwise, he silvano could be struck by this curse that had just killed his sister and had killed his father, his grandfather, and countless other relatives dating all the way back to the 17 hundreds.


Silvano apologized and his mother nodded, and then she nestled her head back into his chest. Silvano spent the rest of the funeral in stoic silence as his sister's casket was lowered into the ground. Silvano couldn't help picturing what his own funeral would look like when this curse inevitably killed him. After his sister died, Silvano threw himself completely into his work. He managed a very successful construction company and spent all his time organizing projects and visiting job sites. One of his remaining living sisters who lived with Silvano had to constantly remind him to eat and drink, and then whenever he had a social event, she had to remind him to attend it for the next few years.


That was what Savannah's life was like. Basically work 24 7. But by 19 83, 4 years after his sister had died, Silvano was completely exhausted. He knew he needed a break, so that summer he decided to surprise his mother with a cruise on the Mediterranean Sea and it would turn out, it would be just what he needed. The warm air was invigorating, and every evening there was a new party for Silvano to attend. But on the last night of the cruise, disaster struck Silvano was dancing with his mother when he suddenly felt overheated, he could feel his skin sticking to the shirt underneath his tuxedo jacket. His mother pulled away from him and asked if he was okay, and Silvano nodded and said he was fine.


He just needed to go cool off for a minute, Silvano ISS pulse raced as he ran to the bathroom. He knew this was not just a simple case of overexerting himself, and when he looked into the mirror, his pin prick sized pupils confirmed his worst fear. The family curse had indeed come for him too, and he was all too familiar with what happened next. First, he would stop being able to sleep. His mind would begin to deteriorate and he'd lose his grip on reality, and then shortly after that, he'd be dead and there was nothing anyone could do about it. After the cruise was over, Silvano considered telling his mother and sister that he very likely had been afflicted by the family curse, but ultimately he decided against it.


There was nothing they could do to stop this curse from killing him, and so he just didn't want them to worry. But it was very difficult for Silvano to hide his symptoms from his family, especially his sister who lived with him. He kept having to change clothes because he sweated through them so quickly. He rarely made eye contact with her because he didn't want her to see his pupils, and at night when he laid in bed unable to sleep, he was too scared to get out of his bed and do anything because he was worried his sister would hear him walking around. About six months after the cruise, Silvano sat at his desk in his home office. He'd been avoiding going to work in person because he didn't want anyone to notice his illness. The clock read 3:00 PM but Silvano had already put in a long day because he had been up working since four o'clock that morning, even though he'd been working for 11 hours straight, Silvano did not feel tired.


He just felt hot. He grabbed a piece of paper off his desk and used it to fan himself. Silvano knew the curse was only going to get worse, but there really wasn't anything he could do to stop it, so he figured, why worry about it? He didn't even call a doctor. He'd rather keep trying to live his life than cry over something he couldn't change. Just then, Silvano sister rounded the corner into his office. He immediately dropped the paper hoping she had not noticed him fanning himself, and she asked if he was going to take a break to eat, but he told her he was just too busy. She stood there staring at him. He could tell she didn't believe him. Finally, she sighed and left the room for a second.


Silvano thought about getting up and following her down the hall and letting her in on his declining health, but before he could, his phone rang so he answered it. It was his niece's husband, Ignacio. He asked Silvano if he'd come over for dinner that evening. Silvano didn't have any other plans, so he said, sure. Silvano hung up the phone and pushed the stack of papers aside and then stood up. He'd already sweat through all of his clothes, so he'd need to shower and change. He quietly opened his office door and tiptoed to his bedroom, being extra careful not to make any noise in fear that his sister might come find him and see his drenched clothing. Silvano hated having to sneak through the house, but he didn't know what else to do.


He promised himself that he would tell his sister what was going on as soon as he could find the right words. That evening, Silvano arrived at Ignacio and his niece, ETA's house with his red hair neatly brushed in a pocket square, tucked into a suit. Silvano shook ignacio's hand and gave ETA a hug. He kept a smile on his face, but as he did, he worried they would see how sweaty he already was. As they led him down the hallway to the kitchen, silvano caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and he looked terrible. He'd done everything he could to clean up, but there was just no hiding the sweat on his brow or the dark circles under his eyes or his tiny, tiny pupils.


Silvano looked away from his reflection and took a seat at the table. Ignacio filled three glasses with red wine and eza. Beto brought a large dinner salad to the table. Silvano had barely taken one bite before Ignacio made him wish he had not come over at all. Ignacio asked Silvano how he'd been sleeping. Silvano knew exactly what that meant. Either he had not hidden his symptoms well enough or maybe his sister who lived with him, maybe she noticed the curse was creeping up on him and told the family. Silvano sipped his wine and admitted he had not been sleeping much, but it was okay. He was using the extra time to get more work done. The only thing that bothered him was that his sex drive had disappeared.


He said that to be funny, but Ignacio and e Beta did not laugh. Ignacio's expression was grave. He said he'd gotten access to the local parish records which contained information about the family going back to the 18th century. He discovered that throughout the generations, CNOs ancestors had frequently died young and the records said they died from all kinds of strange disorders and diseases, things like epilepsy, fever, meningitis, dementia, various brain diseases, and schizophrenia. As for the death of Silvano sister, that had been attributed to familial encephalitis, which is a type of brain disease, but Ignacio said he didn't think any of those things were actually the thing that killed them.


He was certain they had all died from the family curse, but of course, family curse would not be an acceptable cause of death. Even in the 17 hundreds, they would not put that down as the thing that killed someone. Ignacio believed the real disease that was wiping out members of this family was some kind of rare genetic condition originating in the brain, one that nobody had ever been able to identify. He begged silvano to please seek help from a neurologist. Before it was too late, Silvano leaned back and crossed his arms. He felt betrayed like this Dinner had been a setup just to ambush him, he told Ignacio he didn't want help. He'd seen his sisters poked and prodded by doctors before.


Invariably, they still just passed away. Going to a neurologist would only cause more pain and more frustration, but Ignacio would not take no for an answer. He said he knew a neurologist in a nearby town. It'd be a quick visit and if nothing else, the doctor might be able to prescribe something that could help Silvano sleep even a little bit. Silvano shrugged and then finished his wine in a single gulp, and then he said, okay, fine. I'll go, but only if you don't ask me to do anything else after this. A few days later, Silvano sat in the passenger seat of Ignacio's car as they drove on the thin roads of the Veneto region, passing by fields of grazing cattle, intricate gothic buildings and canals full of clear water.


The view was beautiful, but Silvano was too anxious to enjoy it. He did not believe this neurologist was going to be able to help him, but there was still a part of him deep down that did hope he could be cured. They pulled up to the neurologist's office parked and walked inside. While they checked in with the receptionist, Silvano felt like he was being watched by the other patients in the waiting room. As usual, Silvano tried to ignore their curious looks, but now it was harder for him to do his family's curse, and the trail of early deaths left behind was an open secret within this community. He could sense them evaluating him to see if he might be suffering from this curse too. After a few uncomfortable minutes in the waiting area, Silvano and Ignacio were called back to an exam room.


A young neurologist came in and Silvano explained his symptoms, unusual sweating, tiny pupils, low sex drive, and difficulty sleeping. Silvano was on edge as he watched the neurologist think. The doctor said he wasn't sure what to make of the sweating and the size of SI's pupils, but the lack of sleep could be a result of anxiety or depression. The neurologist prescribed silvano a sedative. He said it might not cure him, but it should help him rest. Just like that, S'S Hope dissolved. He'd known this appointment would be useless, feeling disappointed. He stood up and thanked the doctor. Then he and Ignacio left the office and headed home.


MrBallen and Collection is sponsored by BetterHelp. if you could learn something new, something you've always been curious about or a new skill you've always wanted to master, what would it be? As a kid, I feel like I was always asking a ton of questions, always trying new things, but I kinda lost that as I grew up. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose our curiosity. Whether you want to learn a new hobby, a new language, or how to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can actually help you reconnect with your childhood sense of wonder. And if you're thinking of giving therapy a shot, try BetterHelp. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MrBallen and pod to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ MrBallen. And pod


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, or expert advice, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without setting aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. A title I can't recommend Enough is the only one left by RI Sager. You know I love a good plot twist, and this one has like five, and they're all excellent. The ending of the book is sort of chaotic and packed, but if you stick it out, the last two pages really pull the entire story together. It's awesome. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text Bain to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin or text Bain to 5 0 0 5 0 0 to try Audible free for 30 days, Audible dot com slash ballin.


The next evening, Ignacio was in his bed with his wife. When his phone rang, he pushed the covers back and walked to the receiver, and when he picked it up, he heard Silvio's sister's frantic voice On the other end, she told Ignacio to come over quickly. Then the line went dead. Ignacio figured this must have something to do with Silvano and the family curse, so he rushed to his car and sped over to his uncle in-Law's house. When he got there, he flung open the door and raced inside. Silvano sister was right inside the house in the entryway and her eyes were wide as she watched her brother Silvano, who was right across from her at the base of the stairs, Silvano wore black silk pajamas that were totally drenched in sweat, and he was hunched over slightly moving his arms like he was trying to pick up objects and move them, except his hands were empty.


It was like he wasn't even aware of what he was doing or aware of anyone else in the room. SI's sister whispered to Ignacio that she'd heard a commotion in SI's room, and when she went to investigate, she saw Silvano sitting up in bed doing this weird military style salute, and then without a word, he'd just gotten up, walked right past her and marched down the stairs. And so Silvano s sister had no idea what was happening or what to do. Ignacio reassured her that probably Silvano was just sleepwalking and so was not in any sort of danger. Then Ignacio walked over to his uncle in-law and he kind of shook his shoulder, at which point Silvano woke up, acted very confused, and then said he'd been dreaming about packing a suitcase.


Ignacio glanced from Silvano to Silvano sister, and then he told both of them that, you know, it seems like the sedative Silvano is taking is probably leading to sleepwalking, and so because sleepwalking can be quite hazardous, it's probably best that Silvano stopped taking the sedative. Ignacio was naturally very worried about silvano, even though the first neurologist really had not worked out at all. Ignacio felt even more determined to find someone who could maybe help Silvano get better. But while Ignacio looked for another doctor, Silvano symptoms just got worse and worse. He had not been sleeping well for months, and the exhaustion was totally getting to him in March of 1984.


So about a month after the sleepwalking episode, Silvano tried to go into the office to work. He wore cool, comfortable clothing and acted like everything was perfectly normal, but when one of his employees asked him a very simple question, it was like Silvano brain couldn't process it, and so he literally couldn't answer. And then later when Silvano tried to just write his name on a document, his hands were so shaky that his signature looked totally wrong, and a few times he tried to speak to his colleagues and the words came out slurred and totally incoherent. Silvano knew he could not continue to work like this as much as he wanted to cling to his normal life, he knew his normal life was over, so he walked into his boss's office and quit his job.


As he packed up his belongings, Silvano had to face the facts. He was dying. It was heartbreaking and infuriating to know that he would succumb to the same illness that had been killing his family for centuries, But Silvano had changed his mind about one thing. He knew he was going to die, but he didn't just want to wait for death. Instead, he wanted to do everything he could to try to learn about his illness and so that maybe he could prevent other family members from getting this family curse. Silvano hated the idea of seeing another doctor, but now he needed one. He went home that afternoon and called Ignacio and to Sanos relief, Ignacio said he'd actually already found the perfect neurologist.


The next morning, a renowned sleep expert named Dr. Elio Luzi welcome Ignacio and Silvano to the University of Bologna's Neurological Institute in the bustling city of Bologna, Italy. Dr. Lui greeted Ignacio and then went to Shake Slv no's hand, but Silvano for a second just stood there staring blankly like he didn't understand what was going on, and then suddenly he kind of snapped out of it and reached out and shook the doctor's hand. After that, Dr. Lugari led the men down a long decorated hallway into his office. The doctor sat at a large organized desk in motion for Ignacio and Silvano to take the seats across from him. Then once they were seated, he asked Silvano what was going on in an eerily calm and quiet voice.


Sno said he was going to die, and he knew exactly how it was going to happen. Currently, he said he was having trouble sleeping, but he was still getting maybe two or three hours of rest every night, but eventually he knew he would stop sleeping altogether and then he would develop hallucinations, and then eventually the exhaustion would kill him. Ignacio leaned forward and explained that Silvano illness actually ran in his family. Two of Silvano sisters had died from this condition, so had his father, grandfather, and various ancestors going back more than two centuries. Dr. Lugari IED Sno carefully. He'd been studying sleep for over 20 years, and he'd never heard of any condition like this, but Dr.


Lugari was very confident in his abilities as a sleep specialist, and so he assured Silvano they could find a treatment, but Silvano just shook his head and said there really was no treatment. However, even though he knew he was doomed, he wanted to try to help his family as best as he could. And so he asked Dr. Lugari to please study him until he died, and then after he died, take his brain and study it and try to figure out what this curse really is. Dr. Lugari stared at Silvano and then glanced over at Ignacio who looked just as desperate as Silvano, and then the neurologist just nodded. He told Silvano to go home, pack up everything he needed to live at the Neurological Institute and then come back that evening.


And then after Silvano and Ignacio left, Dr. Lui and his team set up the laboratory observation room where Silvano would live. The room was small and nondescript and had a bed in one corner and a video camera in the other. The video camera would allow doctors to record silvano every move. Hopefully this would allow them to figure out what CNOs illness really was and who knows, maybe they might even be able to cure him. Silvano returned that evening wearing his black soaked pajamas and carrying a suitcase that contained clothes and toiletries. As he stared at the building in front of him, he realized this was the place he was almost certainly going to die.


Dr. Lugari met Silvano at the door and led him back to the observation room where he'd be staying. Silvano sat at the edge of the bed while a team of neurologists hooked him up to all kinds of monitors. A sensor around his arm measured his blood pressure. A thin band on his other arm kept track of his body temperature, a piece of plastic clamped onto his finger, counted his pulse. Lastly, Dr. Lugari pulled out this sort of tight, stretchy hat and told Silvano to put it on. It looked kinda like a swim cap, except it was covered in small black circular sensors and cords. Silvano pulled it on and two flaps of fabric hung down on either side of his face. As Dr. Lugari velcroed the fabric together beneath Silvano Chin, he explained that Silvano was wearing an electrode sensor cap.


It was there to track and record electrical signals in Silvio's brain, which would hopefully give Dr. Lugari some insight into why he couldn't sleep. Silvano figured he looked absolutely ridiculous, but now is not the time to be concerned with his appearance. He was doing this to help his family. Dr. Lugari told Silvano he would be constantly watching him and monitoring his vital signs. Then he turned and left, and Silvano was all alone in his new bedroom, Silvano laid down and closed his eyes. The oxygen monitor dug into his finger and the electrode sensor cap pressed into the back of his head. He couldn't get comfortable, especially when he knew a camera was watching him, but it didn't really matter whether Slv was here or at home.


He didn't think he was going to get any sleep, so he laid on the bed and stared up at the tile ceiling. But the longer he looked, the fuzzier his vision got, and then the seemingly random patterns on the ceiling tiles started to morph and shift into shapes and faces. Silvano knew he was hallucinating, which came with the family curse, but he couldn't do anything about it, so he decided he would just enjoy the show. From outside the room, Dr. Lugari watched a screen that showed data from CNOs monitors on the screen. A series of lines spiked, dipped, and flattened out depending on the electrical signals. In CNOs brain. Dr. Lugari watched the screen getting more and more confused.


The data from CNOs brain did not look like anything he had ever seen before. People typically had one electrical pattern when they were awake and another quite different pattern when they were sleeping. But silvano results didn't match either of them. He was in some kind of in-between state, not awake, but not asleep. Dr. Lugari watched through the window as Silvano moved his arms up and down over his head. It looked like he was going through the motions of combing his hair, except his hands were empty and his head was totally covered in wires. Whatever was going on, it was not typical Sleepwalking. Silvano would eventually fall asleep, but only for an hour when he woke up.


Dr. Lugari checked his various monitors. Silvano body temperature was abnormally high, his breathing was irregular, and his heart rate was erratic. Dr. Lugari glanced at his colleagues and they looked just as confused as he felt. Dr. Lugari didn't know what any of these symptoms meant or how they might be related. He realized that solving this mystery might be a lot harder than he'd anticipated. One morning, about a month into his stay at the Neurological Institute, Silvano sat upright in bed staring into space. Over the past few weeks, his mind had begun to deteriorate. He spent almost all of his time in that in-between state where he wasn't quite sleeping or quite awake without regular sleep.


Every day kind of bled into the next one, and so Silvano lost track of time. He would look around the hospital room to try to ground himself to figure out what was going on, but he couldn't get his eyes to focus. Sometimes. Silvano was vaguely aware of Dr. Lui asking him some questions, but the doctor's voice sounded garbled and far away that morning as he sat awake, staring at nothing. Silvano actually started to feel tired, and just as he thought he was finally going to get a little bit of sleep, his head just jerked right back up, and then he felt tired, and so he started to drift off. But then again, his head snapped back up. It was like his body was actively rejecting sleep.


Frustrated, Silvano pushed himself out of bed with his weak, shaky arms, and then he just began shuffling around the room with no idea where he was trying to go or what he was trying to do. It took all of his strength to put one foot in front of the other, but it was better than trying to sleep unsuccessfully. As Dr. Lugari watched Silvano pace around in his room, the doctor decided he had to do something to help. He went into the room and gently led Silvano back over to his bed, and then once he was sitting down, he injected him with a sedative, and as soon as he did silvano s pulse and blood pressure plummeted. He almost stopped breathing. Dr. Lui's stomach dropped.


The sedatives had sent Silvano into a coma, panicked. He administered more medications to undo the effect of the sedative, and these medications did bring silvano out of the coma and put him back into that kind of trance-like state he was in. Dr. Lugari didn't know what to do. Silvano had always told him that there was no cure for this family curse, but Dr. Lugari had really wanted to prove him wrong. But now, after a month of monitoring silvano, the doctor still could not give him a proper diagnosis, let alone help him get better. Dr. Lugari was really starting to feel helpless. Another month later, Dr.


Lugari sat next to Silvano bedside. Silvano was practically comatose a totally blank expression on his face until out of nowhere. He wrapped his arms around his legs and started screaming as loud as he could to Dr. Lugari. It was like all of Silvio's pent up pain and frustration was now finally just coming out. The worst part was this seemed to be the last bit of energy left in Silvano. Over the next few weeks, Dr. Lugari watched as Silvano became less and less aware of the world around him. He quit eating. He quit moving, and so Dr. Lugari knew Silvano was dying and there was nothing he could do to stop it.


Silvano passed away in the laboratory observation room just as he'd predicted. He died nine months after that night on the cruise ship when he first noticed symptoms of the family curse developing. Dr. Lugar resi kept the promise he'd made to silvano immediately after he died. A pathologist removed Silvano s brain and it was shipped to a neurological specialist in America. And what that specialist discovered in silvano brain shocked Dr. Lugari. The thalamus is a small walnut shaped structure located near the center of the brain. It helps us process sensory information and plays a vital role in consciousness and maintaining our regular sleeping and waking cycles.


And Silvano thalamus was full of holes. It literally looked like worms had just bored right through it. Large portions of his thalamus had just been totally destroyed. Dr. Lugari had never seen anything like this before. In fact, this was a new disease and it would be named Fatal Familial Insomnia. In 1986, Dr. Luga resi published his findings detailing Silvio's illness and introducing his family's curse to the scientific community. Based on further research with Silvano relatives, Dr. Lusi eventually determined fatal familial insomnia is caused by malfunctioning proteins which attack the thalamus.


As the thalamus is destroyed, the brain loses the ability to regulate the body and the mind. This leads to total insomnia. Like literally, they cannot sleep anymore, which eventually causes death. The chances of the average person developing fatal insomnia are about one in a million. But in Lvs family where the disease had been passed down genetically through generations, the chances were one in two. In 1986, silvano and his relatives were the only known people suffering from fatal familial insomnia in the world. In the years since researchers have found about 50 other families with the same disorder, there are currently no effective treatments for fatal familial insomnia.


It's a death sentence, but doctors do still continue to research the disease in hopes of someday finding a cure. From Bain Studios and Wondery, this is Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries hosted by me, Mr. Bain. A quick note about our stories. We use aliases sometimes because we don't know the names of the real people in the story, and also in most cases, we can't know exactly what was said, but everything is based on a lot of research and a reminder, the content in this episode is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.


This episode was written by Caris Allen, posh Cooper. Our editor is Heather Dundas. Sound design is by Andre plu. Coordinating producer is Sophia Martins. Our senior producer is Alex Beadon. Our associate producers and researchers are Sarah Vitak and Tasia Palon. Fact Checking was done by Bennett Logan for Ballen Studios. Our head of production is Zach Levitt. Script editing is by Scott Allen and Evan Allen. Our coordinating producer is Matt Za. Executive producers are myself, Mr. Ballin and Nick Whitters. For Wondery, our head of sound is Marcelino Villa Pondo. Senior producers are Laura Donna Pallota and Dave Shilling. Senior Managing producer is Ryan Lore.


Our executive producers are Erin o Flaherty and Marshall Louie For Wondery


Hey Prime. members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early, and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app today. And before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


Behind the delivery trucks that keep your life stocked. Thousands of employees at BP go to work every day, people bringing a new offshore production platform online, people making our refineries capable of more like making renewable diesel from agricultural waste people trading and shipping fuels to our customers and people helping truckers fill up and get maintenance at our convenient locations. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs VP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.