
This special episode is brought to you by our friends over at Audible. If you're watching or listening to this right now, I know you are someone who craves stories that challenge what you think is possible, stories that make you think that keep you on the edge of your seat, and those are the exact types of stories I'm gonna be talking about in today's episode. But before we get into this special episode, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right place because that's all we do, and we upload once a week. So if that's of interest to you, please sneak into the like buttons house and replace all of their vanilla ice cream with unsalted butter. Also, please subscribe to our channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads. Okay, let's get into today's episode. Welcome everyone, to the live recording of Wanderess, Mr. Ballin podcast, presented by Audible. Please welcome your host, John Allen, and special guest Evan Allen. Thank you all for being here tonight. I had a, a chance to meet many of you before the show. Amy a, a repeat offender, she was at our show in North Carolina. There's other folks that were at the New York City show. It's wonderful to see you guys come out here tonight. This is a really cool thing. We've never done a a show like this. We've just basically done like the live tour and we're trying to experiment with some new concepts. This is, this is you guys getting to see it first. Also, this is being recorded. It's gonna be dumped across social media, so that's cool you guys get to be part of that. But anyways, you guys, you all, you all basically know me for the most part. I'm John, Mr. Ballin. Yep. And I tell stories for a living. I sort of fell backwards into this. And what people don't know is that, you know, early on when I, when I first started, it really was just me. I was just telling stories. But then fortunately, my, my, my very talented sister, Evan Allen here, who happens to be a Pulitzer Prize winning writer. Yep. Girl. She, she came along and, and she actually jumped in and is now leading the, the creative side of Ballin Studios. So, it's funny, like working with my sister because we like, grew up like best frenemies, you know, and now we're, we're working together here at Ballin Studios. It's, it's really, it's incredible. And she is, although it's, it's sort of seemingly nepotistic that my sister's working with me. The truth is Evan is vastly superior at researching and writing and, and frankly, storytelling in its purest form. Like written story. Well, it's purest form since this is, this is an Audible event. It's, it's spoken word, but Evan Evan's incredible. So, but tonight we're here and thanks, thanks to Audible for sponsoring this event. It's here for Audible. Yep. Good. So tonight we're gonna be doing a whole bunch of stuff. We're gonna be getting into like, literally how we go about choosing stories, how we tell stories. We're gonna rattle off some stories. It's gonna be a whole storytelling thing, but we're gonna get pretty tactical at certain points. And so that's, that's sort of how we came to collaborate with Audible on this because Audible and Ballin Studios share the same passion, bringing great stories to life via the spoken word. That's spot on. I've been memorizing that line for like how He said, he says that every day. So, yeah. So let's, let's start by, we actually have a specific story we wanted to look at first. So, Audible has this really cool book club, right? And Evan, why don't you take it away? So the, we, we, we, there is a story in the book club. It's a true crime title that we were tasked with looking into and sort of dissecting and, and talking about up here. And why don't you tell us about what we chose and, and what you think of that story.


Okay. So hi everybody. Sorry, I'm really not doing well with the microphone. They spent so long, Long getting, I'm almost editing the microphone. They got it just right and I immediately just like knocked it with my arm. Yeah. So yeah. So we read the, well, listened to the audio book, the debutante and the Debutante. The Debutante. We Arguing about how to say it. How, how do you say debutante? Seriously, I actually don't know how to say it. I do know how to say it. I know how to read it. It's debutante. That's why she's here. So the book, the Debutante, the audio book, it is an investigative sort of podcast audio book by John Ronson, who, if you don't know him, he's a really great investigative reporter who writes about sort of fringe like people on the fringes.


And sometimes this is extremists. Sometimes it's, you know, people who do or believe really horrible things, but sometimes it's also sort of like outcasts. Like a book that I read by him was, so You've been Publicly Shamed, which was really interesting. It was about people who got canceled when canceling first became a thing. And so I, we chose the book in part 'cause I just like John Ronson, but the Debbie, the Big John Ronson fan, huge obsessed. So, but this, this audio book is about the Oklahoma City bombings, which happened in 1995. It was the biggest, or the mo the deadliest act of homegrown terrorism in American history where Timothy Mcbe and two buddies from the military blew up the federal building in Oklahoma City.


And it killed 168 people, including 19 children. And so this happened in 1995. I was a little bit surprised to see that there was a audiobook about it. 'cause I had sort of, I remember it 'cause I was nine when it happened and there were child victims. And so I just remember being like, there were pictures all over the news and it sort of sticks out in my memory, but it was 30 years ago now. So I didn't really know why there was an audio book about it. But John Ronson is investigating this theory that is sort of kicked around among people who know anything about the Oklahoma City bombing that Timothy McVey did not work alone. Now he had two accomplices who also went to prison.


But the idea is that like, was it possible for the federal government to have known that he was going to blow up this building and there are people who believe Yes. And that is because of the debutante. And so the debut debutante, the debut, the debutante. The debutante. And so the debutante was this young woman named Carol Howe, who was literally a debutante, like with the dresses and like you come down the stairs. But then she did not like being a debutante. So instead she became a Nazi, feels like a sharp left. These are natural progressions guys Trying to do this efficiently.


And then she became an informant for the federal government and she was informing on this sort of white nationalist movement, which people think maybe Timothy Mcbe was sort of like circling around. So the whole, the whole audio book is John Ronson's pursuit of this question. Like, if the feds had listened to Carol Howe, could they have prevented the Oklahoma City bombing? And so it's, it's actually, it's super engaging. But you know, when we think about story at the studio, we think about, you know, you always need a character on a quest. And in this case the quest is John Ronson's quest to find the answer.


And it's a really murky world that he is reporting in. Like, I mean, he's interviewing white nationalists, he's interviewing people who lived in this very strange like militia town. He's interviewing very unreliable narrators. And so you kind of go with him on this journey to talk to all these people. Like he's hunting a conspiracy theory by talking to all these people who believe in conspiracy theories. And he's trying not to fall down like a rabbit hole of conspiracy theories. So anyways, it was a great, it's a great book. It's a really interesting book. But, you know, part of the reason I think that we're talking about it and talking about like, that looks really natural.


Yeah. His chair's throwing me Off too. There's actually no way to sit comfortably in these chairs. It's all right. But yours is worse far. Yeah, This is, I'm trying to be natural. You're, you're not Being natural and it spill water as well. But anyway, so we were sort of looking at it, we're thinking about it in terms of, I mean, this whole evening is just thinking about how, how do we tell stories? What is a good story? What makes a good story? And so, you know, for me, the debutante Yep. Is it has a great quest. And wouldn't you also say that like, one of the things that you said to me when you finished it was this notion of surprise.


Yeah. Being a big part of that story and why it stood out to you. Yeah. Well, you know, I was the, the Oklahoma City bombings feels to me like a closed chapter of history. When I think about it, I mean, I don't think about it very often, but it happened a long time in the past. I don't really have a lot of questions about it or I didn't. And so what I liked the most about this book was that it's a super surprising look at something I thought I knew. And I think in part of the reason it works well told in this format, like spoken, you get to hear from the people who, who lived it is because the stories they have to tell are so wild that if you had like a single narrator trying to write it out, you might not believe 'em.


I felt like I got through the book, I got like halfway and I was like, oh, I have really strong feelings about what I think now. And then I got another quarter of the way and I was like, no, I have the opposite side of strong feelings. So, so yeah, I always like stories like that that give you like a new perspective on something that you thought you knew. Right. Actually, so maybe on that note, so the, the debutante the debutante definitely check that title out. So fantastic audio book on Audible. I, you know, the idea of there being a reversal or, or a change of perspective at the end of a story is so central to just the way we produce studio stories at Ballin Studios. When I look back at sort of how this all came to be, you know, it started on, on TikTok.


I, I had, I tried my hand at some dancing and some other things of that ilk and it didn't land, which was shocking, but sort of as a last ditch effort. I I, and what I mean by last ditch, I just decided social media wasn't for me. I, I told a story and it was about these hikers that went missing in the 1950s. I've told a story a million times, I'll shorten it for the sake of this. That's the Diat PIs Diat Law of Pass Mystery. And I, I think it's fascinating, effectively nine hikers in the fifties who were super skilled, they, they go out into the year all mountains, which is this the totally rugged terrain. And they're trying to pass their level three hiking test, which seems pretty mild, but it's actually like a really big deal in the 1950s in Russia, this was like the equivalent of being like a master mountaineer.


And, and these nine hikers were truly like the best mountaineers in Russia at the time. And they set out, I like how I said I was gonna truncate the story immediately not doing that. I wanna know more about the level three. Is there a level four? You know, maybe we should get into that. But, but they set off in this, this quest to, to do this, this hiking test. And really all it was, is they needed to go through the year all mountains. They had, they had chartered a course that would take several weeks. And, you know, it's like, okay, do the course that you've set and if you successfully navigate this course in the times you've given, that demonstrates your ability to be a level three hiker. And so, and off they go and they take cameras with them and they take photos and videos.


And imagine these nine hikers, they're like all in their twenties, with the exception of a few of them. They're all young inspired, they're hungry and they disappear like within a couple of days they've lost contact with the, with the hikers. And lots of people were aware of the fact this test had begun. There was actually an entire protocol for what happens if the hikers don't reach their checkpoints. And basically it's the military gets called and they get, they go, they go across their path to see if they can find them. And so that's what happens. The, the military figures out after like a, a week that they're missing and they, they, they basically go in reverse 'cause they're at the back end of the course. They're going in reverse and they find their way up to this mountain and immediately they see on this wind swept, snow covered mountain, about halfway up, there's a couple of small canvas tents and there's no people, they just see them on the side of the mountain.


And immediately it's this huge red flag. Because if you are a skilled mountaineer, there's one place you don't put your tent and it's on the leeward side of the mountain where you're gonna get destroyed by wind. You either go to the top and go to the other side, or you make it up halfway and it's, oh, it's getting too late. It's getting too, the storms aren't, you know, it's too bad up here. You go back down, you never stop halfway. And so they see them halfway up the mountain, it doesn't make any sense. They make their way up to the tents and they find that they're all missing. The nine hikers are gone, but the tents have been cut open from the inside. They've been cut, cut open with what appears to be a knife, almost like with precision. And then inside the tent, a lot of their clothing was left behind.


It was folded up neatly in the corner. Now this is like the dead of winter. This is like not a time to be ditching your, your winter clothes. And they, they found there were also footprints in the snow going down the mountain from the, the campsite. And they noticed that lots of the footprints, oh, and they found, they found all nine hikers were counted for in these footprints. But many of the, the prints were bare feet or one shoe and barefoot on the other. And so the, the, the military follows the prints down to the base of the mountain. And then there's this crops of trees that's maybe like half a mile away from where the tents were. And they find three of the hikers. And they're all basically nude or close to nude. They're deceased. There's one of the hikers who's basically like dangling over the branches of a tree up high.


And there's two others that are down on the ground. And there's these deep gouge marks in the tree, almost like a, an animal had been like clawing at this tree, but this is the middle of nowhere. There are, there really are no animals out here. So they're just deceased. The footprints continue from where they are. Another, you know, mile or so to the snow drift that sort of created a pseudo cave, like a snow cave. And inside of that cave, they find the, the remaining hikers who are also all deceased. And the women were wearing men's clothes and vice versa, not entirely, but they had sort of exchanged bits of clothing. There were trace levels of, of radiation on several of them. One of the women, her, she had her nose, her lips and her ears. It looked like they had been surgically removed.


And this is, this is not, you know, so far into them being missing that you would expect animal predation at this point. This is pretty early on and them being missing. So it's surprising that that would happen. One of the gentlemen, he, his chest had, they described this catastrophic chest injury where basically his chest was caved in, but there was no impact on the outside. Like there's no bruising, nothing on his chest, just his chest had the effects of like a train hitting him. And they're all pushed inside of this cave and they're all deceased. And so naturally the, the families are, you know, they're beside themselves when they find out this has happened, how could this have happened to all what happened to them? And so the government launches this investigation into what happened and they begin to dig into it.


And it actually made the news. It was a pretty big deal at the time. People were closely following the story and abruptly the Russian government stopped the investigation and came out and said, an unknown unnatural force was responsible for their deaths case closed. And there are pictures, there is testimony, there's all these weird things about this story. And it's been one of those enduring mysteries that I thought was really interesting. And I managed to tell that in a 62nd clip that was very rough on TikTok. And, and it went viral, went super viral on TikTok. And I, I didn't really know what to do with it. So I just kept sort of posting more stories that were like that because I, at the time in, in my life, I'm fascinated by stories like that.


And there's quite a few, believe it or not, that are like out there actually, you know, that you, you subscribe to the channel, believe it or not, that's sort of the whole point. You won't believe this. But the reason I just did that is one, I can't help myself, but two, there's something so simple about telling a good story. Like that story, everybody's waiting to, I I I'm taking some, some, some liberties here. Everyone's basically paying attention because they want to hear what happened. There's some sort of payoff at the end of the story. If, if you go to, basically this is not a, a dig on any other channel on YouTube because there's loads of successful channels out there that do amazing content.


But the next time you hear a story that's being presented to you, it can be a YouTube channel, a TV show, movie, it doesn't matter. Oftentimes the first thing you hear is what happened. I'm gonna tell you a story about the nine hikers who all died in mysterious ways and they were found with trace levels of radiation and their faces were cut off and it, it was totally crazy. And back on 1954, they started their, their journey and it's like, that's fine. I mean there's, that's a type of storytelling that's perfectly acceptable. And, and Evan coming from the Boston Globe, that's a traditional reporting. She was a big time investigative journalist, won multiple Pulitzer prizes, no big deal. But they news. It's like, here's what happened and then here's the narrative. If you wanna draw people into a story, it's about having payoff at the end and being ruthless about not giving it up in at all before you get to the end.


You should, this is a good time to turn it over to you Evan. So Evan writes researches, she's got an incredible team. Evan is is the stories you're hearing that I'm telling on the internet. Evan has found those and put them together. Evan is the brilliant mind behind the scenes. The amount of work that goes into ensuring we do not give up information to early is staggering. And so with that, Evan, I wanna talk about your role and how you go about selecting story and maybe, maybe touch on our childhood and what led us that was to this moment. That Was good. Just Sticking that, put that all in there, dude. We had like a framework and as you can see Johnny is remembering late. I forgot.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's okay. So we're gonna naturally now segue into our childhood. Yeah, right. And what made us storytellers. And then we'll come back To the thing and we're, we're, we're making sure there's payoff at the end. This is part of it. We're doing like a whole meta thing. So what am I talking about? Well, so, okay, so what, what I should have said before I went sideways is, you know, Evan and I grew up in the same house. We are, we are related. And it, we literally were like raised to be storytellers. It's, it's like unintentionally. Yeah. And you, you have a great anecdote about our mom who also works for the studio as well. She's a pioneer for writing the podcast. She was like a walking audio book and that's not even a plug for Audible, it's like facts.


Like, what was it? We our a library card. What was it? So when we were, so when we were growing up, we, my mom was very like kind of a hippie no tv. We got to watch a half an hour or an hour of Masterpiece theater on Saturdays. Good day. And so that was like big. But the rest of the week we were kind of on our own. But she read to us all the time and she also took us to the library all the time. We actually had for a while the highest circulating library card in the city of Quincy, which makes you popular at school. But she, but she read to us all the time, like for like an hour, an hour and a half at night. So it was kind of like growing up with a human audio book.


And so it's funny, like we sort of went in very different directions. Like you didn't Become an Navy Seal. I did not, I didn't become a Navy Seal. But, but it's, I mean we came from the same place. We learned how to speak English from the same people, like where our family is, like full of people who talk and tell stories. Like I remember my dad read the Call of the Wild to us when we were like five and seven and I think he thought that because it's about animals, it's about dogs. That it was for kids. But in fact, I'm not gonna spoil anything, but many of the dogs die. Mm. And my mom got really upset with him because we were both hysterical at the death of one of the dogs Still hurts today, honestly, this deep trauma.


But, but yeah, so we grew up like reading was just a huge central part of our childhood really, because we were deprived of television. Yeah. But then you became a Navy Seal. I went into reporting and it didn't seem, I would not have predicted that we would work together. Yeah. But we kind of, but I mean even in the, even in the military though, like what was your nickname? Shakespeare. Yeah. Because you were always telling people stories. Yeah. Yep. Well, so in, in the Navy, so when you, when you become a Navy Seal, it's, there's a lot of hazing that happens and, and one of the ways they haze you is they like make you give these ridiculous speeches that you don't know.


They're ridiculous, but everybody else does. Like you're a new guy, you've checked into the team and like, they're like, all right dude, you gotta give this brief to like all these commanders over here. And you're like, really? This seems irrelevant to to, to brief them about like the ballistics of like this plastic round. They're like, no, get in there and, and do this. And so you go into this room that's not just the commanders of the team, it's like all the senior personnel and you the brand new guy. And so you like would have to go up there and give a presentation that oftentimes you don't have any information for. They're like, yeah, just, just go up there and do it. And I, I would just default to telling stories about things that didn't really have much to do with what I was supposed to be presenting, but it got me through the presentations and they liked it a lot. They liked that I would tell these stories.


And so it became like, John, yo tell a story. And so I I I became Shakespeare in the Navy, But I mean, one at a certain point, what you, you got me to come work with you? I was just helping 'cause you're my brother and was pretty small team at first. But as I did more and more of it, I realized that, you know, even though I think I come from legacy media, I worked at the Boston Globe, I was an investigative reporter. We can be slightly snobby about YouTube, but I realized that it's like this very sort of elemental form of storytelling. It's like, it's like sitting around a campfire.


I think there's something, I mean, I, I have a 6-year-old, she's here, shout out Dylan. But she is always saying to me like, tell me a story. Tell me a story. It's like this very like, it's like instinctive in, in us to want to hear stories, to want to tell stories. And I feel like the type of storytelling that we do and the, and good storytelling, any kind of good storytelling, it has like some fundamental elements to it. And you know, that's character, that's Quest. That's also, I I love in our stories, there's always like a surprise at the end. There's sort of like a awi, we refer to it in the studio as the twist and the reveal. Like the twist is here's what's really been going on this whole time.


It suddenly becomes apparent and the reveal is like the truth of the situation. And it works really well. People, that's what, that's what makes our story is if you think about them, they're all constructed heading towards the twist and the reveal. But that's not something that we created. I mean if you read, and this is gonna sound ridiculous, but just bear with me. 'cause when I get to the end of it, it's gonna come together. If you read Aristotle's Poetics, which is like his treatise on classic Storytelling, classic legacy media. So snobby, He, he talks about the climactic moment of reversal and and recognition. And that's just the twist in the reveal. And I say that not because I've feel like I'm like Aristotle I'm not.


But because these are sort of like fundamentals, like the fundamentals of good storytelling. Oh, I got one to show Evan's prowess. I'm gonna set you and tee you up for something. You're gonna tell a story, they're gonna love it. So initially the reason that Evan really succeeded at coming in and and writing for me was not just that she was an incredible writer 'cause she, she was, but she also knew me. She grew up with me and knew how to write in my voice. And so she was like amazing at being able to write for me. But the thing is, is is one of the things that I demanded was you, you have to find stories that have a twist at the end. That's what you gotta do. You gotta find stories with twists. But the reality is, is just about every story can have a twist if you're a good enough writer.


Okay, so look, what I was doing is I was literally looking for stories like Googling what story has a twist. And I was like doing those. And Evan took it a step further and she's like, you have to think about things like the unreliable narrator or like sleigh of hand when you're writing. And I'm like, I don't really know what you mean, but there's a great example that you have that it's entirely Evan's Construction and you might as well just riff it off right now. It's the one, the the African one. Oh this, this is like, as you're listening to it, to her go through this story. Just like think about what this could be. Some of you may have already heard this story. It's okay, keep it to yourselves. Okay. But think about like the device that's being used. When you get to the end of the story, you'll realize that a very intentional thing has happened.


That's totally by design. And you'll see at the end as well that other people screw the story up all the time when they try to tell it. So now just, just nail it, dude. Yeah, go Ahead. Go bring that up. So a man in Cameroon wakes up in the morning just feeling like crap. And he doesn't know why he feels like crap. He remembers the night before. It was a normal night, it was definitely raining. He heard thunder, he had kind of a headache. So he went to bed. Now he wakes up and he just, there's something off, but he can't identify what it is. So he decides he needs to go find someone. He's, he needs to find help, but he doesn't really even know why. So he gets outta bed, he goes out of his house. His house is on sort of like the edge of a cliff.


It's like a high up and there's a lake below it. And then on the other side of the cliff, lower down is the town. So he starts going to the town to find help. And he gets about halfway down and he realizes that it's very quiet. It's like weirdly quiet. 'cause like, this is a place where you can hear the baboons barking, you can hear the bugs, you can hear the birds. This is a loud place, full of nature. And it is silent. There are no baboons, there are no birds, there are no bugs, there's nothing, doesn't know what to make of this freaks him out. But he just keeps going. And so he gets to the, the low, like the edge of the water. And he is heading towards the town. And he sees this woman, and it's a woman that he knows she lives right at the edge of this lake.


And she and her family tend to goats. And so he sees her and he wants to ask her for help, but he realizes that she's screaming and she's screaming and she's surrounded by what looked to him just like her family members who are sleeping. But as he gets closer, he realizes that her family members are too still to be sleeping. And he realizes that this woman is screaming because her family members are dead. So he doesn't ask her for help. But he continues on to the village. And as he's going into the village, he's seeing cattle and goats and livestock just like dead around. And when he gets to the village, he goes, starts going door to door looking for help. And every door he opens, the people are are everyone's dead.


They just dropped. They just dropped where they stood. And so he finally manages to make it out of the village and, and go for help. And actually no one believes him at first. Eventually someone does believe him and they come and they find that like a coup almost 2000 people, I'm not sure that we actually even know exactly the number, but significant. A huge number of people just died. They just died like where they were standing. And you know, it causes all of the government comes and scientists come and people try to figure it out. And it turns out that the night before, what he thought was thunder was actually an explosion or some kind of rock slide, but it was some kind of large disruption that caused the lake, which was a crater lake.


And so it's sitting on like an active volcano or near an active volcano. I'm not a scientist to emit this carbon dioxide like a huge Babbel of carbon dioxide burst up out of the lake. Immediately after that, the crash that he thought was thunder. And remember he lives on the edge of a cliff. Carbon dioxide is a little heavier. So the carbon dioxide went up, it made him sick, it gave him a headache, but it didn't kill him. 'cause it sank. It sank onto the town and it killed almost everyone in the town. So that is the way that we tell the story at the studio.


That is we, you know, we do it through point of view, we do it through omission. We're we're locked in this man's point of view. We can only know what he knows. So all he knows when he wakes up is he doesn't feel well. There was thunder last night. He starts getting down the, the side of the cliff and everything is quiet. Well that's because the carbon dioxide killed all the birds and the bugs, but he doesn't know that. And so it is only, we like to tell stories in a way that like we can only know what the characters know. That's what makes real life so scary. We all have to live in this liminal space where there's stuff that's gonna happen to us if we don't know what it is. Yet that's actually somewhat terrifying.


All of our stories exist within that space. And the moment of re reversal and recognition, or the twist and the reveal, whatever you wanna call it, it's the moment when the true nature of the world becomes apparent to us. And it is both shocking but inevitable. When you look back on the clues that we lay through the story to get you there.


Picture this, you're alone in your car at the end of the night on your commute back home and you're stuck in traffic, but you're completely absorbed in the story you're listening to on Audible. And actually, even though you're in traffic, you're kind of hoping that the traffic continues just so you can listen to one more chapter. That's what Audible does to you. Now, if you're anything like me, the type of story you might be totally engrossed in on that ride home would be one that sort of makes you question reality. I mean, that's sort of the whole point of my YouTube channel is to sort of see what's out there and question it. Like the whole world is a big mystery to me. Well, Audible is absolutely packed with stories like that that make you question reality. And I love them. You can find anything and everything in their collection from Supernatural encounters to, you know, people being stuck out in the wild, being pushed to their absolute limits and everything in between. I mean, it's all there. Take for example, the story called The Debutante. And it's the story about the Oklahoma City bombing in the 1990s. It was this huge, horrible thing. But a lot of people have a pretty fixed idea of what happened, what led to the bombing, how it happened, the outcomes. It's sort of like a closed chapter in history. But the debutante, it takes you into this world where you realize there's so much more to that bombing to include. Maybe it could have been prevented. I mean there's a lot of twists and turns, but it's a very surprising story. Just like all the other fascinating tales with crazy twist endings that are littered all across audible's amazing collection. And the narrators of the audio books on Audible are incredible. They don't just read lines, they bring the stories to life. Plus on Audible, there is a ton of exclusive content like Audible originals and Audible sleep collection. So if you're ready to experience stories that will transform your daily commute into a trip into the unknown, then you gotta try Audible. Trust me, once you start, there's no coming back. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash mr. Ballin. Again, that is Audible dot com slash mr Ballin.


And so going back to sort of how I, I joked about the di outlaw past story that a lot of people, the way they would tell it is to lead with the fact that these hikers died in sus in in suspicious ways. And then you get into the story, I would challenge you to look up the, it's called Lake Nios, NYOS. If you look up the Lake nios disaster, virtually every time it's told it's about this idea. Like, can you believe it? The lake blew up and it caused carbon monoxide to kill all these people. But what we do, what Evan did masterfully with that story is think about like, who's experiencing this in real time and put yourself in that perspective. And so going back to this idea that like anything can have a twist take, like in a, in, in a typical police investigation, like a homicide investigation, there's a pretty good chance that there are people who are gonna get interviewed who are lying, okay?


But they do say the things out loud that seem relatively convincing. And if you were to inhabit their POV when they said it, you know, as the writer, they're lying and you know it's gonna be revealed later that they're lying. But you can, in, in all honesty, tell the story through their point of view at that point in the story. And it's honest storytelling. And it creates a setup to reveal that. It turns out Joey was lying. He was the killer. So it's, it's about the, the unreliable narrator is a really, really easy way to take vir, well, virtually any story and create a twist. Just use somebody else's pers or actually Evans. So she was an investigative journalist and she covered crime. Like that's, that's, that was her, her mo in Boston.


And Evan was telling me the other day in preparation for this, that she would like be at crime scenes. And she's, she's, she's written about all these murders, like a shocking number of murders and honestly a very dark life to be honest. Thank you. Great Dark life. But she's like in some of the most dangerous parts of Boston where like murders have been committed. She's at the crime scene like where someone has been shot and killed. So she's as primed as you can be to be like in tune with violence in your area. And she's described hearing gunshots at the crime scene, distant gunshots, but gunshots nonetheless. And she immediately thinks, oh, those are fireworks. This is someone who's at a homicide where someone was shot and killed who sees this stuff all the time.


But that's what humans do. They, they rationalize because it's your brain. The way you're sort of, the way you think is when bad things happen, you actually immediately go into this hyper drive of telling yourself everything is okay. Like, I, I'm, I, this is too long of a story to get into, but this, I, I can't, I literally can. If you take it two hours, put everybody to sleep. So when I was 16, I had this experience out at this cabin in New Hampshire. It's like, it was one of the earliest stories I told on YouTube, where effectively over the course of several nights, I had either the most visceral, terrifying, living nightmare, like a sleepwalking scenario. I don't even know where, like this figure was basically walking around the cabin. This, this is not my origin story.


It isn't like this happened and I became the storyteller. It's purely coincidental. But I had this horrifying experience as a 16-year-old where I'd be laying in bed in this cabin in New Hampshire up in the White Mountains, very isolated. It's dark, you know, there's not even really any roads that go up there. And I would, I'd be laying there and I would hear footsteps walking around the cabin. And then at some point this, this figure walked into my room like two nights outta the three something walked into the room that is inexplicable to me, still have no answer for it. And sort of like bowed into the bed next to me and vanished. There's a, there's a much larger story to this. It's called what I saw in my room still haunts me. You can look it up. But I can say firsthand that as I'm laying in bed as a 16-year-old kid, hearing footsteps walking around the cabin, clear as day, I'm, I am awake, I can hear footsteps and no one's awake right now in the house that I'm aware of.


There's no one coming to visit. And my first thought was, everything's fine. This is okay. I think that one of my friend's brothers could be coming by. It's three 30 in the morning in the middle of nowhere in New Hampshire. They're probably stopping by to say hello. And what's gonna happen here is they're gonna come in here and they, they're gonna talk to me, say hi, you know, socialize. And so what I'm gonna do is that when they come in here, I'm just gonna pretend to be asleep. 'cause I don't wanna have a social interaction right now at three 30 in the morning. That's all I'm thinking about. Not there's a effing intruder in your house. That's a problem. No, my brain's like, everything's fine all the way until something entered the room. And even then, as I'm staring at this tall dark figure that is walked into the room that I can't make sense of, I'm still thinking to myself, is that Nick's brother?


Right? And then like the next day, you know, 'cause there's this horrible night where I'm awake all night, like stressing about it. 'cause it literally vanished into the floor next to me. And you know, in real life that doesn't really happen, you know? So I'm thinking, when's it gonna stand back up again? Whatever this thing is. The next morning, I'm, I'm talking to Nick's mother in the kitchen and she, she's listening. I, I'm like telling her like, ah, did, did your son come by at some point last night? Like, what happened? And she's like, John, don't worry. I heard that last night too. It was my husband who was walking around here, her deceased husband. That's what she's telling me. And I'm like, oh, this is fine. This is okay. The, the story progresses to where it just happens for several nights and there's really no explanation.


But I had like this point in my life where there isn't an explanation for what happened in that cabin. It's, it there isn't, I don't, I'm sure there is, but I don't have access to that information. It is unreal how much my brain was going into overdrive to convince myself everything was okay. Like it's automatic. It really is. And actually, just to get a little morbid, I, I had an experience in, in Afghanistan where when I was deployed, I was nearly killed by a grenade. And when the grenade came over the wall and we're like in the middle of this, like as intense of a gunfight as you can be in, I watched this grenade come over the wall and we were under the strobe light. The strobe light cast down on us from the, the plane overhead.


And it's like flashing. And you, you can, you can only see the light on, on infrared or on your nods. So it's pitch flack to the, to the average person. But to me it's like a disco strobe, right? And a grenade is, is is hurdling over the wall. And I'm, I'm seeing it. Absolutely, there's gunfire, there's all this stuff happening. But I see a grenade coming over the wall and it's coming in and out of focus because the light's flashing on it. And it was so like, matter of fact, time did seem to slow down, which I, I guess when your body goes into you're about to die mode, it's like all your senses fire on a level that you really can't do art. You can't artificially do this. It's basically like in true fight or flight scenarios, your, your brain reacts differently.


And so it gives the impression, a real impression of time slowing down. And so this grenade comes over the wall and it's like, I can see it, it disappears. I can, is this happening in, in a fraction of a second, the grenade comes over the wall and all I thought was like, ah, fuck, the grenade's gonna detonate next to my head and it's gonna, I'm gonna die, but I I won't be able to have an open casket funeral. It was not even sadness, it was just facts. Ah, shoot. Well that's it. I'm about to die. I have my head blown off. It hits my shoulder. This is again, in a fraction of a second. And it began to tumble towards the ground. And again, I can, I can see it here. And when it made it to about my torso, it's just falling to the ground. I was like, oh shoot. Like maybe my mom will be able to recognize me at my, at my funeral.


She'll see my face, thank goodness. And so it's not like, oh, I'm gonna make it. It's just, oh good, my face will be intact. But it kept on falling and it reached, it reached my legs. And again, it's in a fraction of a second, but I was like, oh man, I might live through this. And then it detonated and it felt like somebody threw rocks at me and, and I wound up like in a, in a surgery tent. It was, it was quite the blur. But the point I'm making with that is actually, I'll say before I went up in the surgery tent, it blows up. I get dragged to cover. I'm in this alleyway. And, and we were in this village that we, it was very kinetic and it just meant people shot at us every time we went in there. And we were fighting with people that effectively had been saying over their radios when we got there, we can listen to the radio.


So they were all gonna fight to the death, which really means they're gonna shoot indiscriminately at you even if it means targeting their own people. And so when a contact would break out, literally the town would just, or the fighters would begin shooting arbitrarily in your direction. Like they didn't care if they hit their, their martyring, their own people. And so like rockets are flying and like traces are coming and tracers are rounds that you can see like every fifth round or so you can see the round. And I remember laying in this alleyway, bleeding to death. I couldn't get my tourniquets off to put on my legs to stop the bleeding. And it was just so matter of fact the way, like the way you know how to live, like right now, all of us are doing it. You're all living, but you're not really thinking about living.


You simply are. I I I dunno if this is comforting or horrifying, you know how to die too. In the moment when I was literally about to bleed out, I was very likely seconds away from just bleeding to death. All I thought in my head. Well, there's a couple things. There's one sad, it's like I wish I'd started a family that's sad. But there was also just this weird like nonchalant specific thing that I was hung up on. I'm laying in this alleyway, I'm just like, I, I can't even see anymore. So I'm, I'm bl I'm blind, I'm deaf, I'm in the, I'm in the void of my brain. And I remember thinking like, I wonder if it will say John Allen killed in action or Jonathan Allen killed in action pressing questions.


But the point is, if you think about what I've just told you, those two ends, those two stories about your brain operating in a way that you really can't control. Think about all the people in the world over time who have been in horrifying situations way worse than anything I just detailed that have testimony. They have the things they saw, you can operate their perspectives if, if it's available to you and really live in that liminal space as you described, which is a really powerful place to be. If you write a story from that perspective, it's, it's, it's bizarre. It's detached from reality but at the same time it's exactly human. And so Evan is masterful at finding stories that have somebody that we call the unreliable narrator that went through an experience that they literally can't fully understand.


Like Evan not knowing its gunshots. If we had told the story about Evan at the crime scene, we'd say, and then the reporter, she heard fireworks off in the distance, but we'd reveal later on it was gunshots. It applies to any story like that. And so Evan is masterful of finding stories like that. So that's a device that is useful for telling stories. Dunno where I was going with that. That was good. No, That's a good, good point. You Went where It had to go. You know, I guess we could talk about the, the other one, which is a sort of slight of hand, which is like, you want the caving one? Yeah, we have Or, or take it. Whatever you Wanna do. No, I mean I think sort of what we're sort of hoping to do is just sort of talk about some of the ways that we make the stories that we tell feel really engaging. I think one of my favorite things to see from viewers or listeners is when people say like, oh, I know this story but I didn't realize I know this story until like halfway through.


And that's 'cause we're trying to tell it in a way that you haven't heard before. What you're talking about with sleigh of hand is sort of the, we talk a lot. So we have, we have like weekly writers meetings and we use for inspiration like a wi like a huge number of things. Like every every writer's meeting we talk about something la This past week it was the opening scene of the Seinfeld episode, the Briss, because the Seinfeld writers are really, really good at setting up each of the characters for the episode. They do it in this like, very economical way. It's like so fast, it's so perfect.


But if you watch that episode, I will not explain it to you now because it is too much to explain to you now and it's Seinfeld and that would just be weird. But they, they set up all the characters in the first like minute and 20 seconds for the whole episode. And it's just like a really great model of like economical storytelling. You know, we've done, we looked at lots of sketch comedy. Sketch comedy is all of about taking a scenario that seems like it's gonna be familiar to the viewer and then sort of like flipping it on its head and using the viewer's own expectations against 'em. Like there was a Shane Gilli sketch where they're like in an airplane and the airplane is about to crash. And so we all know that story, right?


It's like somebody comes out and they're like, oh, you have 10 seconds, everybody call your loved ones. And so everybody in the plane and the sketch starts calling mom. And so you don't even need to play any of what they say. It's like moves really, really fast until you get to Shane Gillis who picks up his phone and he's like, Hey, this Frank's auto body. And that's funny 'cause it like takes what you were expecting and it's like, it just flips it completely. So we, we look at stuff like that. We look at, I mean we, we, so we pull inspiration from everywhere, but one of the places is we talk, we talk a lot about like where's the camera? Camera zoomed really close in on moments of high tension or high suspense.


We kind of zoom out when we need to like move a little quickly through something. So we're often thinking, we actually read a lot of like screenplays. Like if you read 1943 is the Leopard Man, excellent screenplay. But so one of the ways that we often obscure what a story is about so that when we get to the end, it feels like a surprise but also inevitable. 'cause it can't just be a surprise, right? Because then it's like, well that sucks. I it is weird. Like if if it just turns out to be some random thing, it's not cool. It has to be, it has to snap everything that came before it into focus. And so one of the tricks that we use is we think of it as like zooming the camera really, really, really close in.


So you lose all the con all the context. So like, you know those, there is a style of photography, but I don't know what it's called. When you take a photo of something so close, you take a photo of something super close so it doesn't even look like itself. You'll be looking at it and you're like, is that the moon? And it's like, oh no, it's just a pebble. But they like magnified it a thousand times. That's kind of what we do sometimes where we'll be like the camera will be really tight in on a character. And so you're seeing, you know, I remember one story. We had three guys in a boat and they're doing something in that boat and we're like really close in on what they're doing. They have like these strips of fabric that they're tearing apart and they're making sure the strips of fabric are different lengths and they're putting the fabric in a hat and they're being like really, really serious about this activity.


But to the viewer, it's like, why are we so focused on these strips of fabric? Like why are these three guys in a boat? Like we don't have any of that. We have three guys in a boat. We're looking at what they're doing, we're looking at their hands. The camera's real close and so slowly they each pull a strip of fabric out of the hat and then one of them looks at his strip of fabric and just starts crying and it's revealed that the, they're basically drawing lots for who's gonna get eaten 'cause they're shipwrecked. But if you think about where the camera was while I was telling you that story, it was so close that you missed the wider context. And we do that a lot. And so you feel, I don't wanna give away too many of our tricks here, but like, you know, you can send, send it. Dude, we we're always, we're thinking very deliberately about what we're showing and what we're not showing.


So POV is one way to hide a bunch of stuff. 'cause characters often don't know what's happening. 'cause as Johnny said, much better than I can say it, you never really know what's happening when it's happening to you. It's only in retrospect that things look inevitable. But another way that we do it is just that sort of like so close that what we're saying is true, but it is disguising reality. There was actually, I just thought of this one, this was un unscripted, but I think it's a good one. Another example of zooming in really closely, another good story that, that demonstrates this, although it's less severe, but it's a good one. So this actually is, is on our Instagram right now and it, it's going pretty viral, so maybe you've seen it. Okay, so there's this, this, this guy and a girl who were, who were on a first date in Utah, this is in the 1970s and they're at a restaurant and the date's not going very well, it's not going bad, but you know, there's, there's not any chemistry.


And the guy, you know, he just sort of thinks, you know, there's, this isn't probably gonna go anywhere, this is the last time I'm gonna see this person. So he sort of just says, Hey, do you wanna like just leave and do something else? I I got, I got a pretty good idea. Like, forget the restaurant, you want to, you wanna go on a hike with me? I know there's like this overlook out in Provo Canyon, it's got a great view of the stars. Do you want to go do that? And the girl's like, okay, I'll do that with you. Like suddenly this is exciting. Like this boring date has now become sort of electric. Like what are we, what are we getting into tonight? It's late, right? So they leave like the Waffle House, wherever they are, they hop in the car and they drive, like they drive to this parking lot and it's nighttime, but the moon's out, you know, there's some good illumination and they park in this parking lot and they get out and, and now it's like, it really is exciting.


There's just something sort of crazy about how this night has turned. And so they're both now there almost is chemistry. And so he is like, it's this way. You just go in, you just go in the woods right here and it's like out of a storybook, like, or what's it, the, the witches fables. What's, what's it? The Hansel and Gretel, like, it's like this, this forest with like a cutout of like a, a, a pathway that leads into darkness. Like this is a, a sort of foreboding trail they're gonna go on, but he's like, I promise you, you just go down this trail. There's a great overlook. And so off they go down this trail and it's a paved trail and they're walking along, but it's really dark and nobody else is out here on this trail. This is not the time to go hiking on this trail. But they're walking along and remember they're excited, but very quickly, and they would only know this after the fact, very quickly as they start walking down this trail, they both start to feel this intense sense of dread, but they don't know why.


But they both begin walking faster. 'cause they have to get to the overlook, the overlooks, you know, half a mile away or whatever it is. And they've committed to this and this is supposed to be fun. And so down the trail they go, they start walking faster and faster. Neither is recognizing that they're going faster, but it's clear 'cause they're holding each other's hands that there's tension, something's wrong. And they make a turn around this corner and suddenly the guy steps on something soft and comes to a dead stop. He doesn't look down at it. The girl has stopped abruptly with him. They're holding hands. They already know something's wrong. They haven't addressed it directly, but they know something's wrong without saying a word, without investigating nothing.


They turn around and speed walk out of there. And when they get out the trail and they're back in the car, they're like, phew. Oh my God. Like, what was that? They're like, I don't know. Fast forward 10 years, 10 years later, those two actually did get married. It worked out great. The decision to go down the trail paid beautifully for them. And they're in their home and the TV's on and it's playing a news segment and it's a reporter who is interviewing somebody on death row and they're about to be executed and they're giving this expose into their crimes. And they were asked as the TV's playing, you know, the, she's, she's in the kitchen and he's in the living room. They asked this person before you got caught, was there ever a time you almost got caught?


And he said, yeah, I was in Provo Canyon back in the 1970s whenever it was, and I had just killed this young girl. And I was dragging her across that trail out, out near Provo Canyon. And this couple comes storming around the corner and the guy stepped on the body and I'm crouched down next to the body, looking up at them, waiting to see what they're gonna do. I would've had to kill them if they looked at, if they looked down and saw what was going on. But for some reason they just turned around and they left. That couple had run into Ted Bundy and it was one of the last people he killed. And he literally said, I would've killed them if they had simply looked down.


So in that story, there's obviously huge payoff, but there's loads of stories about Ted Bun, Ted, Ted Bundy encounters that typically begin with, let me tell you a story about the time somebody almost got killed by Ted Bundy doesn't work as well. You know, it's like telling the story I just told you that story's been told many times across the internet and everywhere. But I bet some of you had no idea that was Ted Bundy until the very end. Think about just the discipline of if you wanna story to land, you start with the end. What am I gonna reveal that I will not reveal until the end? And once you have that in mind, you build the story as with, with as much discipline as you can to ensure nothing is tipped.


And that includes even like stuff like if, if like you joked about this, if we tell a story that is on our channel and it's like, oh, Joey hopped on a boat to go on a a fishing trip, you're like, oh, Joe's dead. Joe's gonna die. It's like, understand if you, if you make content, understand that you might have tropes that you've created, you might have things that you do all the time that give away what happens. We actually have a rule in the writer's room That do it, send It all. Bad smells are dead bodies. All boats sink, all planes crash. It's true. And so I think it's, it's really just about discipline. And I think, you know, the, the way you sort of manage the writer's room is a testament to that.


Yeah, I think, I mean, one of the most frequent edits I give is the writers are, they're anxious, they're impatient. We feel impatient. We're telling a story and the tension is getting to us too. And so you see people starting to like give away the ending too early. And it's like, nope. Gotta hide it, hide it for one more beat. This doesn't even pertain. It's just one of my favorite stories. I'm just gonna tell it. It, it is a great ending. It's a great ending. This, this is, in my opinion, I'm setting myself up for failure potentially, but I think I'm good. I I think it is one of the best endings period of any story I've covered. So there's this woman whose name is Ellie Lobel, and I'm sure some of you already know this story.


Ellie Lobel was a woman who lived in California, who lives in California, I should say. And she, she came down with this mysterious illness. This is like in, I think it was like the early two thousands. And you forgive me because I didn't prep the story, I'm just sort of telling it off, off my memory. So she, she comes down with this mysterious illness and you know, she went to doctors left and right and, and everybody was giving her different diagnoses, but no one knew what was wrong with her. But her illness was not something that could be, it wasn't that extreme. It was like she was really tired, you know, she was lethargic, she was sore, she was achy, she had flu-like symptoms periodically her skin would, you know, break out in rashes.


But it, there wasn't anything that was so severe that she really took it to the next level and really demanded somebody figure out what was wrong with her. For years and years. She has this illness and she's like this very high powered person. Like she's a lawyer, she's a mother. She's like, she's killing it in life. But in on the backside, she's really struggling with this, this mystery illness. And over the course of it's like 15 years or something, and I, you gotta forgive me 'cause the details could be a little bit wrong. This condition got worse and worse to the point where, again, it's not really life threatening, it's more like her quality of life was just shot. Like she could barely get outta bed in the morning, you know, like low energy. She didn't feel good. It's like something's wrong with her, no one knows what it is, but now she's just living with it.


It just, it is what it is. Well, she went in for a doctor's visit, like this is like 15 years into this saga. And also by this point her, she had went through this horrible divorce with her husband and, and it basically was over the fact that this is gonna make him sound horrible. I don't know the guy, but it was like, you're not the woman I married. You're like a shell of yourself. Because I think people thought she was lying that like, whatever this is, what are you just tired all the time? Like, what's that about? Right? So she goes to this horrible divorce. Her kids also apparently didn't really believe fully what was going on with her. And so she's living this like isolated life and, and, and like the, the prestige and like the, the careers, the career success she had had was sort of wiped by this mystery illness.


She ends up going to the doctor, this is when she's like in her mid forties and this is like years and years into this, whatever this is. She's got no answers. And the doctors don't discover what's wrong with her. However, they do determine that whatever this is is now actively killing you. Your organs are beginning to shut down. And unfortunately we don't know what this is, but it, it is killing you. That's, that's what's happening here undeniably. So, and Ellie's reaction actually was some level of relief. Her life to this point had become so far from what it was. She was so sad. She was so broken down physically, emotionally, mentally, that she actually sort of embraced this idea that finally it's gonna end whatever this is. And so she's given a prognosis, which I actually don't know how long it was, but it was relatively quick considering.


It was like, let's say within a year or something. And you know, her mentality after she's told you're, you're gonna die from this, was she really allowed herself to shut down. She mentally really turned it off. In fact, she began looking into an end of life, end of life care person. Somebody that doesn't try to re resuscitate you, but who stays with you until you die. And so she actually did hire this end of life care person who she gave strict orders that when it's time for to work together, when I'm in what I believe is gonna be my final moments, I do not want you to save me. I just want you to help me stay comfortable and tell people when I die. That's your job. Like, she was really explicit about it. And so finally it comes to the time where Ellie believes she's on, she's on death's door, you know, she didn't know for sure, but it felt like it was nearing the end.


And so she actually rented an Airbnb out in southern California in this beautiful part of southern California. Forget the name of the town, but it was like one of the places that she had loved growing up. And she's, she's all alone. You know, her family doesn't even know that she's doing this. She's doing it to spare her family, but she rents this Airbnb and the only person who goes there with her is this end of life care person. They go to the Airbnb and literally Ellie just gets into bed and waits to die. And that's it. She's not drinking anything. She's not eating anything. She's, she thinks that she's gonna die soon. She believes it. But after three days of that, she doesn't die. She's not doing good, but she hasn't died yet. And so she decides that she's just gonna go on a quick walk.


It's a beautiful summer day. And so she has her end of life care person come with her and she leaves the Airbnb, she goes outside and she just goes in this sw and she passes by this beautiful pasture full of these, all these beautiful flowers. And she's just looking out over the fence of all this beauty, like the earth's natural beauty. And you know, she's sad, but she's also like, this is a wonderful place to, to have my final moments. And as she's standing there, she hears a buzzing over her head and she looks up and she sees there's a beef floating, like that's flying right above her head. And now she doesn't think much of it. There's flowers everywhere. That's where bees could be, you know? But quickly, a whole, a massive conglomerate of bees, a huge hoard of be, I dunno what the word is, a murder of bees.


It's not conglomerate. I think it's conglomerate 5 0 1 Of. So a 5 0 1 3 of bees shows up and there's these bees that are flying around her head, but they're huge. They're these big African killer bees. And Ellie by this point is basically not immobile, but she can't move quickly. The bees come down and they begin stinging Ellie like repeatedly in the face and she can't go anywhere. And her end of life care person is like, nope. Turns runs away. And so Ellie has been left and she literally collapses to the ground.


She can't go anywhere. And she's getting stung over and over and over again by these beasts. Is is an onslaught. Eventually the, the end of life care person has some humanity left and they come back for their run back, sorry, scoop her up and they, and they run her back to the, to the house. And when she got to the house, she actually was sort of not relieved 'cause I'm sure she did not feel relieved, but she's thinking, great, this will expedite my, my expiration here. And so she tells the, the end of life care person, I don't wanna go to the doctor, I don't want anything, just put me back in bed. I wanna die. And so Ellie Lobel, because this end of life care person is there to help her die, does just that puts Ellie back in bed and for three days she laid in bed and she didn't die.


She actually got better. She actually got so much better that on the third day she's swollen from all the bites, all the stings from the 5 0 1 C3 of bees that, you know, she, she's a very intelligent person. She's not thinking, oh, everything's fine. This has been like 20 years of, of problems in her life. So she gets up out of her bed after three days, she's like, something's going on here. And she begins to research like what could be stings potentially help me in some way. And she discovers this totally obscure study in Australia from back in the nineties where, where these scientists, they, they came up with a theory that if you had full-blown Lyme disease and you got stung by a whole bunch of bees, it might cure Lyme disease.


The problem being, they couldn't ever conduct the study because it was highly unethical to dump a 5 0 1 C3 of bees on a terminally ill Lyme disease patient. But Ellie Lobel unintentionally conducted that study on herself and she found out she had Lyme disease. That was what was killing her. And it cured her completely. She literally tour the country talking about the benefits of being stung by bees. If you have Lyme disease, her name is Ellie Lobel. It's fantastic. It's a, it's a crazy story. So yeah, that's that, that's that story. Pretty good. Pretty good. Good story. Good story. Any we we're about to wrap up here?


Any, we're About to wrap up I Think. Graphic novel. Why don't you talk about the graphic novel. Graphic novel. So as we are, we, so part of what we were, we've been thinking about as we were giving sort of preparing for this talk was just like the different, how, how medium affects how you're telling a story. 'cause it is different. Like we, it's actually Johnny tells the YouTube and he tells the podcast, but it's actually a completely different voice when you write podcasts versus when you write YouTube. We have different writers for it. It's like an entirely different thing. And that's due to the medium. The podcast is actually, I think a little easier to write for because you can't see Johnny, but YouTube, he's on camera, so it has to be like exactly his voice.


But anyway, we were thinking about like we, we all, we also do graphic novels and we have the second graphic novel coming out this fall. Yep. But you'll have an audio book of the graphic novel. And I know we only have a second, but I wondered, I know that when you, when we did the first graphic novel, a lot of these were YouTube videos that we converted to graphic novels, which is like, that's a big, that's a big jump in writing. I mean the graph, the YouTube scripts tend to run about 2,500 words or so, graphic novel scripts. The mu much shorter, 'cause it's not very many words, but the pictures interact so beautifully with the script itself. We work with this really talented graphic novel writer, Robin Diddy, who's done like a ton of crazy things.


But it's like watching him take your video and turn it into poetry. And that is not an exaggeration. He's very talented. But then you turn it into an audio book. Right. And I just wondered, I know that in the first one you were surprised by how different the audio book was from the graphic novel. And it's because again, of the meaning, even though you YouTube to graphic novel to audio book, the audio book winds up being different than the YouTube or the graphic novel. Yeah. A actually on that. So, so this is gonna seem like a shameless plug because it is, but it's actually the truth, and I'll stand, I'll stand by this. So when we, when we wrote, or really Evan and, and and her team really put together the first graphic novel, which was a New York Times bestseller.


Evan, great job, thank You. It was my job to translate that into an audio book. The easy approach would be to just read the words on the page and make it an audio book. But I didn't do that. I don't know if you've listened to the audio book for the first novel, it's pretty good. I'm gonna be honest. I did a pretty good job. It's a whole performance. And I'm gonna do it again for the second graph graphic novel, which is coming out this fall. The graphic novels are gorgeous. This one I think is better. The second one coming out, out this fall, it's called Where Nightmares Live.


And there will be an audio book component that you should totally go look for on Audible. Audible is the home of the best oral storytelling in, in the, in the Land. You know, in the land, in the in, in the land. There's conglomerates of, of Audible books you should listen to in 5 0 1 C threes of Bs. So on that note, thank you all so much for being here. Thank you Audible for being here. And again, go check out Audible if you want to hear some cool storytelling. You guys are great. Thank you very much. Thank you. Huge thanks to Audible for sponsoring this episode. If you enjoyed this one, well you are gonna love diving into Audible's massive collection from edgier seat true crime to Mind-Bending Mysteries. They have thousands of titles that will grab you and not let you go. Listen today at Audible dot com slash Mr Ballin, thank you very much.


If you enjoyed today's episode, let us know down in the comments section. And also if you enjoyed some of the stories that were told in this episode, be sure to check out our main YouTube channel called Mr. Ballin, where we have hundreds more stories, just like the ones you heard today. If you want a recommendation from me, I'd say this one's pretty good right here. Click on this one. It's really good. Alright, thank you very much. Until next time. See ya.