
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


Today's podcast features three stories that all involve people who got trapped with no way out. The audio from all three of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel and has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Rush, and it's about one of the most heartbreaking cases in the uk. The second story you'll hear is called Fans, and it's about a man who is found in a place where no one can hear you scream. And the third and final story you'll hear is called The Blue Door, and it's about a maintenance worker who calls for help after they make a horrifying discovery behind a Blue Exit door. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do.


And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please replace the Amazon Music, follow buttons, melatonin with hor. Okay, let's get into our first story called Rush. Don't Ms. Good American family. We Have a little girl here for adoption.


She has dwarf Starring Ellen Pompeo and Mark Dulo. Something is off. She's just a little girl. You think she's faking. She has adult teeth. There are signs of puberty Inspired by the shocking stories, the Torah family apart. I don't know What's going on. How old are you? You should get a lawyer. You have no idea how those people hurt this girl. The Hulu original series, good American Family, new episodes Wednesdays streaming on Hulu.


The show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


On the morning of June 25th, 2007, a 28-year-old man named Mike Barnett woke up to the sound of pounding rain on the roof of his home, which was located in Hall, which is a city in northern England. Mike Groaned, as he rolled outta bed, it had been raining like this for the past month, and he and the rest of the people in Hall were just totally over it. But another reason he groaned is he knew that he would have to go to his job at a tropical fish store, even though he was not scheduled to work that day. There was a street right behind the Tropical Fish store that always completely flooded out from all these debris getting clogged in the drain, and the owner of the Tropical Fish store.


So Mike's boss, who was an elderly guy, he would always go out and try to clear the debris himself, and Mike just knew, you know, he really needed help. And today he knew his boss would be out there, and so he just felt like it was his responsibility to go in and help him clear out the debris. So Mike got dressed, he had some breakfast, and then as quietly as he could, he slipped out the front door. Mike was careful not to make too much noise because he didn't wanna wake his dad, who he lived with. Mike and his dad had always been very close, but after the death of Mike's mother, he and his father had become even closer. And so they actually really enjoyed living together. But Mike also knew that his dad was very protective of him, and very likely would not like the idea of Mike going out in this horrible storm to go try to clear debris in a flooded out street.


It just was too dangerous, and Mike just didn't want to deal with that right now. And so he was able to slip out without waking up his dad. Mike hopped in his car and he drove to the fish store, and as soon as he got there, he hopped out. He went around to the backside of the shop, and sure enough, the entire street Outback was totally flooded. Clearly debris had blocked the drainage system. Now, Mike's boss was not out there yet. Mike could see him inside the shop kind of going about his morning. And so Mike, without even going inside, just began wading into the water to begin clearing debris. The drain that was clogged by all this debris was located just off to the side of the sidewalk.


It was down in a culvert. And so Mike very carefully walked off that sidewalk into this very cold, muddy water, and he began moving in the direction of where he knew the drain was. And so as he's walking, you know, the water is down to his ankles, maybe up to his knees at some point, but he gets closer and closer to where he knows this drainage is down in this culvert. And suddenly Mike begins feeling this unbelievable suction at his feet that began pulling him basically straight down. Mike tried to move, but his feet were anchored to the ground. And then before long, he began getting pulled forward towards this drain. And then down he went. And as he went all the way down to his neck in the water, he felt this unbelievable pain in his thigh.


Mike didn't know it, but his leg had been sucked through the drainage gate that was all blocked up. There was still some holes in it. And so his leg had gone through one of those holes and it had pulled him all the way up to the top of his thigh and brutally snapped his leg in the process. And so Mike is in blinding pain from his leg being shattered and run through this grate, and he's literally up to his neck in this frigid water, and the wind's blowing and it's raining, and the water's going in his mouth. And so Mike begins to panic and he's trying to pull himself out. He can't. And then he begins screaming for help. And at that moment, the owner of the fish store who was still inside the store, looked out the window and he saw Mike flailing around.


And instinctively the owner could tell just from the panicked look on Mike's face, that whatever was happening to him was an emergency. And so the owner just picked up the phone, called the police, and after telling them what was happening, the owner ran out to Mike. When the first police officers arrived on the scene, Mike was still in the water up to his neck, and the shop owner was right next to him. And the police officers, you know, they assessed the situation in front of them and they thought, okay, you know, clearly this guy, Mike is trapped in the water. This is serious, but we can pull him out. You know, that's the obvious solution here. And so the two officers walked up to Mike, they waited through the water and got on either side of him, kind of pushing the shop owner out of the way.


And then the two officers grabbed Mike's shoulders, you know, these are strong police officers, and they began pulling on Mike. And as soon as they did, Mike let out this unbelievably loud scream of just pure agony. And in fact, his scream was so guttural that the two officers let go and were kind of startled by it. And very quickly, these officers realized this situation is far worse than it appears, because not only is this guy totally stuck and he can't be moved, but you know, they're looking around and the rain is still coming down, and it's clear the water is still slowly rising. And because Mike's body was situated over the grate, he himself was causing even more blockage, increasing how much the street was flooding, meaning the officers knew they had to get Mike out as soon as possible or he would drown.


But over the next several hours, more police officers, firefighters, EMTs, good Samaritans, I mean, everybody showed up on the scene and there were so many attempts to get Mike out of the water ranging from trying to cut the grate, but the water was too muddy so nobody could see through it. And the water was so strong that nobody could set the bolt cutters on the actual grate. And then at one point, they even tied a winch around Mike and tried to pull him out with a Land Rover. But every intervention failed. The rushing water that was pinning Mike to this grate was so strong, and Mike's pain in his leg was so high, it made it nearly impossible to move him.


And so finally at the four hour mark that Mike has been trapped in this water, a decision was made amongst all the first responders to amputate. So the police called a doctor who was willing to perform the leg amputation. And then after doing it, Mike could sense something was up. You know, clearly it's not going well. And he began frantically asking the police and all the first responders, when are you gonna get me outta here? When are you gonna get me out of here? And they just kept telling him, soon, soon, Mike, hold on. It's gonna be okay. Meanwhile, the owner of the shop at this point had called Mike's dad to tell him what was going on. And so as all these people are waiting for this doctor to show up to cut Mike's leg off, Mike's father shows up and basically barrels through the crowd and starts screaming, I'll get my son outta here.


But as soon as he saw his son, he was totally taken aback. Mike was up to his chin in water. There was a diver behind him in the water with him holding him up, barely keeping his head above the water. Mike's face was totally pale and his eyes were totally unfocused, and he had this weird blank expression like he wasn't even there. And then a second later, a whole wall of police came running up to Mike's dad to stop him from getting any closer. And they told Mike's father, they were doing everything they could to try to get his son out. And for now, they told him he just needed to go home. And so even though Mike's dad did not want to abandon his son, he could tell with all these police standing there in front of him, there was no way he was going to be able to go up there with his son.


And so he would turn around and head back home without even speaking to his son. Then when Mike's dad got home, he turned on the news and the news was showing live coverage of his son trapped in that great. And just a couple of minutes later, Mike's dad would watch his son die on the news. By the time that doctor arrived with that special saw to cut off Mike's leg, it was already too late. Mike had passed away from hypothermia.


Our next story is called Fans. In 2009, 25-year-old Larry Maria Moncada graduated from college and moved back in with his parents in Iowa. He was excited about his future and his parents were extremely proud of him. As soon as Larry moved back home, the first thing he did was go out and get a placeholder job at the No Frills Supermarket, which was a local supermarket right in town. He figured, you know what? It's temporary, but I don't wanna just sit around all day. I want to do that until I find my career.


But even though the job was supposed to be temporary, he found that he kind of loved the job because he loved the people he worked with. And his coworkers would later say that they loved working with him too. But everything in Larry and his family's life would get turned completely upside down. In November of 2009, On November 26th, while a blizzard raged outside, Larry and his family celebrated Thanksgiving inside after everyone was done eating. Larry told them that he actually had an overnight shift at the supermarket, and I don't think his family knew he had the shift. So they were like, oh, man, do you really gotta go? The weather's so bad. And he is like, no, I gotta go. I don't mind.


And they're like, all right, well, hey, sorry, you gotta work. And Larry walks outside and goes to work the next morning. When he came back from that shift, his mother would say something seemed off about him. When he came inside, he was very disoriented. He didn't really know where he was, and his mom's trying to tell him that everything's okay. You know what's going on? Did something happen out there? And this is when it dawned on her that he could be having an anxiety attack. Just a few years earlier, Larry had had a whole bunch of panic attacks, and he was really struggling with anxiety, and it wasn't until his mom made him go to the doctor and put him on medication that he stabilized, but at this moment, she didn't know if her son was on any medication or not.


So just to play it safe, she said, Hey, let's go to the doctor and have you looked at You don't seem well. So she brings him to the doctor, and the doctor quickly prescribes Larry an antidepressant. They go and fill the prescription. They go back home, and Larry takes one of these antidepressants, but the medication didn't seem to be doing anything because over the course of the day, Larry got progressively more and more stressed out and more confused seeming, and eventually he told his mom that he was hearing voices in his head that were telling him his heart is beating too quickly and he needs to eat sugar to slow down his heart. And his mom is looking at him thinking, what do I do about this? And so all she could think to do was just to stand next to him and kind of comfort him as he sits there eating sugar over the course of the day.


Finally that night, he would fall asleep and his mother prayed that over the course of the night, that somehow this medication he had been prescribed would kick in and he would wake up and feel better. Because so far it really seemed to only be getting exponentially worse. But the next morning when Larry got up, he was just as bad as the night before, except now he was having these vivid hallucinations. He said there were people in the house that were looking for him, and so he spent the day running around the house, hiding from people in the house that were not actually there. Then finally that night, Larry just kind of loses it and begins screaming at his parents and berating them before suddenly running out the front door without shoes, without a jacket, no wallet, no cell phone, no anything.


And he just runs directly into the blizzard and disappears. His family was so caught off guard by this happening that it took them a minute to get out the front door after him, but it was snowing so hard they could barely see in front of their face, and they knew he was gone. So immediately they called the police, but the police have the same issue. They can't really go looking for him right now because the visibility was so, so bad. And so they told his family that we can't really start until tomorrow morning. So hopefully he turns up tonight. So the next day when the weather clears up a little bit, the police go out looking for Larry, and they're asking people in town if they've seen him, and no one's seen Larry. And unfortunately, because it had snowed so much the night before, any of Larry's tracks leading out of Larry's house were now covered over.


And so after a couple of days of this, when there's just no sign of this guy, the police say to the family, look, you know, there's not much we can do. We're just gonna have to wait to see if he turns up. 10 years later, the No Frills supermarket where Larry used to work was out of business, and it was about to get torn down. And some contractors were sent in to start ripping down the shelving and breaking down the inside of the building. And when they went into the back and began pulling away those huge freezers that keep your milk and your dairy products in, they start pulling those away from the wall. Larry's body comes tumbling out. It had been pinned in this tiny 18 inch wide space between the back of the freezer and the wall.


It's believed on the night, Larry ran out of his parents' house barefoot into a blizzard. He ran right up the road and went to the No Frills supermarket. Now, it was closed at the time, but he had access to the back door with the key code because he worked there. And so he went inside and he climbed on top of the freezers, the section of the freezers that jut back into the space that no one in the store can see. And he climbed on top because on top of there, all the workers would kind of congregate up there. It was like a little clubhouse where the workers would avoid the managers for little pockets of the day. And so Larry probably climbed up there because it represented a really happy place for him. And when he got up there, he must have somehow tripped and fallen into the tiny 18 inch space between the freezer and the wall.


Investigators believe there's no way he actually got hurt when he fell into this little space. He got wedged in there, but he wasn't harmed. The problem was these huge fans that run constantly to keep the freezer cold were unbelievably loud and would've completely drowned out his cries for help. And so no one knows for sure how long this took, but eventually he would die because no one heard him. Looking back at old Facebook posts around the time that Larry would've been dead behind the freezer, there was a whole bunch of people that were commenting on Facebook that they didn't wanna shop at the No-Frills supermarket anymore. Apparently, there was a really bad smell coming out of the back


freezer. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Uncover Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


this podcast is brought to you by Squarespace. Squarespace makes it easy to create a website and grow a business all in one place, all on your terms with these brand new product features. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace, empowering anyone to build a beautiful, more personalized website tailored to their unique needs. Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments all in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. Get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, give your customers more ways to pay With popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit in the us. Apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay. In the uk, Squarespace offers dozens of intuitive design tools to help grow credibility and engage visitors with an unrivaled suite of design effects built in and ready to go. I like when all the tools you need to bring your ideas to life are this easy to find. Head to Squarespace dot com slash ballin to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain using Code Bain. That's Squarespace dot com slash ballin code ballin for 10% off your first purchase.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes blisters, and that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear, and t-shirts that give back. One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Wondery. And use code Wondery at checkout.


Behind every BP, Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day, people producing energy, offshore people, turning it into products at our refineries, people doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine people trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you at one of BP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.


The next and final story of today's episode is called The Blue Door. On the morning of September 19th, 2013, a man named Mark Casey sat with his girlfriend, Lynn Spalding, in the triage area of the emergency room at San Francisco General Hospital, a nurse took Lynn's temperature and her blood pressure while Mark tried to explain what had been going on with Lynn over the past few weeks, Lynn, who was now 57, had been dealing with this really intense stomach pain. And so she had gone to the doctor and she had been diagnosed with a urinary tract infection, and she was given antibiotics for it, but despite taking those antibiotics, it didn't get rid of the stomach pain.


And in fact, her stomach pain was only getting worse. She was losing weight, and she just seemed really frail. But despite her condition obviously getting worse every single day over the past few weeks, Lynn had basically refused to go back to the hospital. Despite Mark saying, we really gotta go, you're getting worse. We gotta have you looked at. But she just kept saying no. And then finally, when Mark noticed Lynn was now becoming somewhat despondent like he would try to talk to her and her eyes would glaze over and she would look off into the distance like she didn't even hear him. Mark had just looked at Lynn and said, you know what? I'm taking you to the hospital. And so he put her in the car, he brought her to the hospital, and now that he was here, he had to explain what was going on because Lynn was still despondent, just kind of staring off into space and very likely having no idea what was going on.


And so after Mark gave all the information to the nurse, the nurse said that, okay, you know, Lynn needs to be admitted to the hospital. And so after a short wait and Orderly came over and pushed Lynn's wheelchair up to the fifth floor where she'd be staying, and Mark went with them. And then once in the room, mark helped Lynn get settled in her bed. And again, Lynn is just kind of staring off into space, not really paying attention. And then a whole team of nurses and doctors came in and hooked Lynn up to IVs and different machines to make sure they could monitor her. And then at some point, one of the doctors pulled Mark aside and said, you know, we think Lynn is dealing with some kind of infection, and so what we need to do is run some tests to figure out what this infection is, and then hopefully we can treat it.


And so Mark said, okay, that sounds great. And then all day Mark sat right next to Lynn and held her hand. As the medical team came in and out of the room running all these tests the following day, the medical team still didn't know what was wrong with Lynn. The tests they had run so far were inconclusive or were negative. Now, the biggest issue with Lynn was not trying to figure out what infection she had or how to cure her. Instead it was, how do we keep Lynn in her hospital room? Because on this second day that Lynn was at the hospital, despite being very despondent still, any chance she got, she was getting out of her bed and trying to escape her room. And so the medical team, they kept having to go find her and bring her back to her room.


And they tried to explain to her like, Lynn, you are sick. That's why you're here. You need to stay in your room. But Lynn clearly was just not getting it. She was just not there. And she would just say to the team, I want to go home. I just wanna go home, I wanna go home. And they would say, well, Lynn, you gotta get better first, and then you can go home. Now, mark, like the medical staff was also concerned about Lynn's behavior. It was not safe for her to get up and flee her hospital room, but Mark kind of secretly thought, you know, maybe this is a good sign, because the day before, Lynn couldn't even walk on her own. And now today she's walking around on her own trying to escape the hospital, which is bad, but you know, she's ambulatory. That's gonna be a good sign.


And also, mark was thinking that because Lynn was fleeing her room over and over again, she's gonna get even better medical care because the staff has to be super focused on her. And so Mark was feeling kind of optimistic that Lynn was on the road to recovery the next morning. So now Lynn has been at the hospital for two days. At this point, a nurse went into Lynn's room to check on her at about 10:15 AM and she walked up to Lynn who was in her bed. And Lynn immediately told the nurse that she wanted to go home. And the nurse said, sorry, Lynn, we still dunno what's wrong with you. You gotta stay here for now. But again, it was pretty clear Lynn did not understand what the nurse was saying. And so Lynn was not agitated.


She was laying in bed and did not appear to, you know, wanna flee the room anytime soon. And so the nurse took Lynn's vitals, they were all basically normal. And then the nurse wrote down on Lynn's chart that her condition as of this moment was fair. And then the nurse left the room. And once this nurse was gone, Lynn laid in bed for a second, and then when nobody else came in the room, she sat up, she hopped off the bed, and she took off her hospital gown. She pulled out all the cords and wires that were on her. Then she put on her jeans, her boots, her jacket, she grabbed her purse off the table, and she walked out the door. And the second she walked out the door, she would've been in this long hallway, except her room was at the end of the hallway.


So when she stepped out into that hallway, if she turned right, she would've seen a long, long stretch of hallway with other hospital rooms and lots of staff and doctors and nurses kind of walking around. But to her left, it would've been a dead end with a single blue door with a green exit sign over the top of it. And so Lynn, she steps into the hallway, she looks down the long side to the right, then she looks to the left, she sees The Blue Door, and she goes to The Blue Door, she opens it up and she disappears inside. When the nurse came back to Lynn's room and saw she wasn't there, she reported Lynn missing. Now, remember, the hospital was well aware of the fact that Lynn had been trying to escape for the past 48 hours.


And so nobody was really shocked by this. In fact, the hospital, their first move was to contact Mark who had actually gone home the night before to get some real sleep and to take a shower. And so they contacted Mark and they said, Hey, Lynn's not here. Is she with you? And Mark was like, no, I'm home. She's not here. I have not seen her. I haven't talked to her. I have no idea where she is. And so the hospital at this point began this huge search in their building, just checking the entire property for Lynn, but there was no trace of her. And so the police were contacted and they launched a search both of the hospital grounds and also of the surrounding areas. And they too could not find a trace of Lynn.


It was like Lynn just vanished into thin air. That is until October 8th, 2013. So 17 days after Lynn had strolled through that blue exit door. On that day, October 8th, a hospital maintenance worker was walking down the long hallway in the hospital, not on the fifth floor where Lynn was staying, but one floor below. So on the fourth floor. And he's walking down this long hallway in the direction of the dead end side. So the same side that Lynn was on, where her room was, but again, one floor above. And the maintenance worker, he walks all the way to the end of this hallway on the fourth floor, and he arrives in front of The Blue Door with the green exit sign above it. Again, this is below where Lin was, but it looks the same.


And the maintenance worker, he opened up the door, and when he looked out of the fourth floor door, he just froze because what he was looking at just seemed impossible. And then he had this urge to scream, but he knew there were all these patients and kids and doctors and stuff in the hallway behind him, and he didn't wanna scare anyone. And so very quietly, he reached down and grabbed his radio, and he called for help In order to explain what happened Next, you have to have a basic understanding of the layout of this building, specifically the outside of it. If you are outside looking at this building, you would see an enclosed staircase that runs from the bottom to the top of the building with outdoor landings on each floor.


The one on top is the fifth floor landing, and the one below it with a single person on it is the fourth floor landing. And to get onto these outdoor landings, you have to walk through those blue exit doors. At the end of those hallways, these blue doors are emergency exits. And so When you go out these blue doors, once they shut, they lock automatically. But now you're out on this outdoor landing, and immediately to your right, although you can't see it in this picture, there is actually another door that leads to this enclosed stairwell that will bring you all the way to the ground floor where there's another door that's unlocked that will bring you out to safety. And so again, you walk out one of those blue doors, you're on this landing, you can turn open up another door, you're in the stairwell, and you can evacuate.


So in theory, if you were a person that really wanted to escape this hospital like Lynn did, going out one of these blue door emergency exits was a great idea. It would bring you to the ground. This is a way to escape the hospital. But remember, Lynn was totally confused mentally. She was just not there because of whatever illness was affecting her. And so when she walked out that door, she arrived on the fifth floor landing, and the door shut behind her and it locked. And the theory is, as soon as Lynn got out there, maybe she had some second thoughts and wanted to go back into the hospital. And so she turned and she grabbed that door and tried to open it back up again. But because it locks automatically, it wouldn't open.


And so Lynn did have the wherewithal to turn and see this other door that led to this enclosed stairwell, the emergency stairwell that did go to the ground floor. She could absolutely go all the way down and escape. She could do that. She went down one floor to the fourth floor landing, and when she got there, she left the stairwell and she went to that door that would lead back into the hospital on the fourth floor. And she tried it, but of course it was locked. And then again, instead of her just going back into the stairwell and going down and escaping to safety, she for some reason just stayed on the fourth floor landing. Again, you gotta remember that she's not all there mentally. And so she was confused, and she just stayed there on the landing, basically waiting to be rescued.


But despite these huge searches of the hospital property by hospital staff, and by the police, for some reason, this area, this landing on the fourth floor was never checked. And so nobody found her. That is until October 4th. So at this point, Lynn has been outside for 13 days on this landing, and a researcher from the hospital, for whatever reason, exited out one of these emergency doors, and they began making their way downstairs. And when they passed by the fourth floor landing, they spotted Lynn on the ground on the fourth floor landing. But instead of going over to her and seeing if she was okay, this researcher just called security and said, Hey, there's a patient outside on the fourth floor landing.


Like, come check it out. And then instead of waiting for security, the researcher just left leaving Lynn alone and security at the hospital who said they were gonna go check. They didn't. And so four more days would go by with still nobody officially finding Lynn. And then finally on October 8th, the hospital maintenance worker opened up The Blue Door on the fourth floor, and he saw the fourth floor landing, that exterior landing. And he saw Lynn and he knew she was dead. Officials were never able to determine when Lynn died. So it's not clear how long she was alive out on that landing, but it is possible she could have been alive when that researcher found her.


But obviously, help didn't come in time. Ultimately, Lynn's family would sue the city and the hospital and they would be awarded $3 million. A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved, and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studios podcasts, this podcast, the Mr.


Ballin podcast, and also Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run fool and redacted. Just search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts. To find all of these shows to watch hundreds more stories, just like the ones you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see you.


Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. If you're listening to this podcast, then chances are good. You are a fan of The Strange, dark, and mysterious. And if that's the case, then I've got some good news. We just launched a brand new, strange, dark, and mysterious podcast called Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And as the name suggests, it's a show about medical mysteries, a genre that many fans have been asking us to dive into for years, and we finally decided to take the plunge, and The show is awesome. In this free weekly show, we explore bizarre unheard of diseases, strange medical mishaps, unexplainable deaths, and everything in between. Each story is totally true and totally terrifying. Go follow MrBallen Medical Mysteries wherever you get your podcasts. And if you're a Prime member, you can listen early and ad free on Amazon Music.