(0s):
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon music app Today

(11s):
On a cold December night in 2013, a 59 year old widow stood on stage at a square dance club in Arkansas watching some of her closest friends dance together. The woman had owned and run the Square Dance Club for years, and the people out on the floor were just like family to her. But as she listened to the music and called out different square dance steps, she didn't notice that one of the dancers had their eyes fixed right on her, and the woman didn't know that this dancer had become obsessed with her. In fact, the dancer had started losing sleep just thinking about the woman, And now the dancer had decided it was time to act because they believed they would never find peace until the object of their obsession was dead. But before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do, and we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday.

(1m 1s):
So if that's of interest to you, please offer the follow a button, a nice refreshing cup of water while they run a marathon, but don't tell them you've replaced the water with co light. Okay, let's get into today's story.

(1m 35s):
Spark something uncommon this holiday with just the right gift from Uncommon Goods. The busy holiday season is here, and Uncommon Goods makes it less stressful with incredible handpicked gifts for everyone on your list, all in one spot. Gifts that spark, joy, wonder, delight, and that it's exactly what I wanted feeling. When you shop at Uncommon Goods, you're supporting artists and small independent businesses. Many of their handcrafted products are made in small batches. So Shop Now before they sell out this holiday season from holiday host and hostess gifts to the coolest finds for kids to hits for everyone. From book lovers to diehard sports fans, Uncommon Goods has something for everyone. Not the same old selections you could find just anywhere. The variety is actually incredible. Seriously name it. Close games, stuff for your home, stuff for the outdoors, even experiences, and with every purchase you make at Uncommon Goods, they give back $1 to a nonprofit partner of your choice. They've donated more than $3 million to date. To get 15% off your next gift, go to Uncommon Goods dot com slash ballin. That's Uncommon Goods dot com slash ballin for 15% off. Don't miss out on this limited time offer Uncommon Goods, we're all out of the ordinary.

(2m 45s):
The show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.

(3m 17s):
On the night of Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 59-year-old Patty Wellington walked across a gravel parking lot toward her favorite place in Texarkana, Arkansas, the guys and Dolls Square Dance Club. Patty was the owner of the club, a spot where club members from town got together each week to socialize and square dance, which is a traditional type of partner dance that had once been extremely popular in the American, south and West. Patty had managed the club for years with her husband Ray, but Ray had died a year earlier leaving Patty to run things on her own with some help from the most dedicated club members. The couple had always considered guys and dolls to be like their second home. And now that Ray was gone, Patty felt like this club was the most important thing in her life.

(4m 0s):
And tonight was her first day back at the club since taking a short trip for Thanksgiving. So she was looking forward to seeing some of her friends and getting back into her weekly routine. Patty opened the front doors stepped inside and her face immediately lit up. This old fashioned dance hall was housed in a metal building that almost looked like a large storage unit from the outside, but the inside was bright and festive. String lights and decorations hung along the walls, and Patty saw a group of older women dressed in colorful western skirts and pet coats and older men wearing their cowboy boots and hats, and everybody was socializing and laughing and having a great time while filling up their paper plates with food. The moment Patty walked inside the club, members turned, saw her and shouted, hello, and some rushed over to greet her, like she'd been away for months.

(4m 47s):
They told her they'd been anxiously waiting for her to come back because they hadn't known what to do with themselves while the club was closed over the holiday. She told them how much she missed them too and thanked them for getting everything set up for the night. As she talked, Patty heard somebody calling her name. She looked over at a long table lined with food, and she saw two of her closest friends waving to her. They were Phyllis neighbors and Virginia Hyatt. Patty went over to the table and the women hugged each other and talked about their Thanksgiving holidays until Patty noticed it was almost time to start the night dance. Patty walked across the dance hall, got up on the stage and tapped the mic, and then welcomed everyone back to the club and immediately everybody cheered and took their spots on the dance floor with their partners.

(5m 30s):
Well, at least almost all of them cheered. As Patty looked out from the stage, she noticed one of the couples whispering to each other while pointing her way. Patty almost tripped over her words as she began wondering If that couple was talking about her, but she quickly caught herself and figured she was just reading too much into it. So she wrapped up her welcome back speech and then led club members in saying the Pledge of Allegiance, which they did every time before the dance together. Once the pledge was finished, Patty with a huge smile on her face, started the music and kicked off the dancing for the night. And as she watched everybody out on the dance floor, this sense of almost complete calm came over her. She knew most people would laugh at her for thinking this, but she believed being up on the stage and running this square dance club was her true calling.

(6m 16s):
It was a way for her to give back to her community and to help the people she loved continue to thrive. The next morning around 7:50 AM Patty stood in the kitchen of her home and poured herself a fresh mug of coffee. She slid her phone and pack of cigarettes into the pocket of her bathrobe and walked outside onto her front porch. A blast of cold winter air immediately hit her, so she pulled her bathrobe tighter across her body, sat down in a swivel chair and set her coffee in a small wooden table and lit a cigarette. Now in the past on a cold day like this, Patty would've very likely just smoked inside of her home.

(7m 1s):
But more than five years earlier, a raging fire had ripped through her home and destroyed half of it. Now, the blaze wasn't caused by a lit cigarette. In fact, the fire had started while Patty and her husband Ray weren't even at home, but they had hired a good friend of theirs from the Square Dance Club who was a contractor to restore their house. And he'd done such an amazing job overseeing the construction project that the house looked almost brand new. So now Patty would never risk lighting a cigarette inside no matter what the weather was outside. Patty smoked her cigarette and sipped her coffee, and just when she started to feel like she was really waking up, her phone rang. She put her coffee down and grabbed her phone out of her pocket.

(7m 41s):
She looked at the caller ID and saw it was one of her many friends from the dance club. So she answered it. A few minutes into the conversation, Patty heard a car slowing down just beyond the trees at the edge of her property that isolated her house from the main road. Patty's friend kept talking on the phone, but Patty was no longer listening. She heard the car turning up her long gravel driveway toward her house, and she wondered who would be visiting so early without telling her they were coming by first, Patty watched as this car emerged from the trees and headed straight towards her, and as it did, Patty immediately told her friend on the phone that she'd just have to call them back.

(8m 25s):
Over seven hours later, at around 3:30 PM Patty's close friend Phyllis Neighbors received a call from a mutual friend from the dance club, and as soon as Phyllis answered the phone, this mutual friend said he was very worried about Patty. Patty was supposed to pick him up to take him to a doctor's appointment, but she had never showed up and was not returning his phone calls. And this was totally unlike her. Over the next hour, Phyllis tried to reach Patty several times without any success, so eventually she called another friend from the club, Barbara Ricketts and told her that she couldn't get in touch with Patty, and she had this bad feeling that something might be wrong. Barbara said she had also been trying to get in touch with Patty and had not been able to reach her all day.

(9m 7s):
And so at this point, Phyllis said that she was just gonna drive out to Patty's house to see what was going on. But Barbara told Phyllis to hold on a minute and stay put and wait for her. She wasn't letting her go out there alone. By the time Phyllis and Barbara finally got to Patty's place, it was starting to get pretty dark. Barbara drove slowly and carefully up Patty's long gravel driveway because the light coming from inside Patty's house was actually the only thing guiding her way toward it. She parked right behind Patty's car and the two women got out and started walking toward Patty's house. When they got close to the porch, they noticed something lying at the foot of the front door. Phyllis squinted and thought it looked like a bunched up rug.

(9m 49s):
Phyllis climbed onto the steps to get a better look at the object, and when she reached the middle step, she suddenly froze, and then she gasped and quickly turned her face away. She stumbled back down the steps, grabbed her phone and dialed nine one one Texarkana Police cruisers and an ambulance converged on Patty's house. Within minutes of Phyllis's call a police officer stepped out of his car and turned on his flashlight. He scanned the area and saw Barbara sitting inside her car and crying. And then he saw Phyllis standing in front of the porch.

(10m 29s):
Her hands were shaking and she was muttering to herself. The officer along with two EMTs began walking toward the house, and as they did, Phyllis looked up and saw them and went right over to them and then pointed back at the front porch and said they might as well send the ambulance away because they were too late. The officer walked past, Phyllis reached the front steps, and right away he saw what she was talking about. In front of the door to the house, there was a woman in a bathrobe lying face up, gripping a cigarette in her right hand and clutching her chest with her left. And the officer noticed that her skin was pale and blotchy. One of the EMTs walked over and bent down to feel for a pulse, but he was already confident he was not going to find one.

(11m 12s):
And when he actually felt the woman's cold waxy skin, it confirmed that she was dead. The officer kneeled down and shined a light on the body, and he saw there were bloodstains in the woman's bathrobe and blood spatter on the wooden slats beneath her, and it became very clear that this woman did not die of natural causes. Minutes later, another car pulled up the driveway and two men stepped out. Texarkana police detectives, Paul Nall and Jason Hack, who were about as physically mismatched as two people could be. Nall was round and bald, and hack was tall and thin. They looked like an odd pairing, but these two men were actually actually almost always on the same page, and they were both sharp and meticulous investigators.

(11m 59s):
Texarkana, Arkansas only had a few murders every year, so whenever Nall and Hack got a call for a homicide, they knew it was not going to be an ordinary day at the office. And as they sized up their new crime scene, they could tell right away that this murder seemed especially out of the ordinary. The dead woman looked much older than the average murder victim in the area, and this neighborhood was more affluent than where they usually responded to violent crimes. Nolan Hack quickly met with Phyllis and Barbara, but both women seemed so shaken, they could barely talk. However, Phyllis did offer in a very trembling voice that the deceased was their friend. A woman named Patty Wellington hack looked at the time and figured he should start canvassing the neighborhood while the neighbors were still awake.

(12m 49s):
He told Nall he'd be back in about an hour. As Hack walked to his car, he was struck by how eerily quiet it was. Even during the drive here, he had noticed how the woods seemed to isolate everything and how much land there was between each house. And as he pulled out onto the road to begin his canvassing, he didn't feel optimistic that any of Patty's neighbors would've witnessed anything. Meanwhile, Nall stepped onto the front porch and began examining Patty's body and the area around her trying to make sense of what had happened. For Nall, there was no mistaking the five small perfectly round wounds on Patty's body for anything other than gunshot wounds.

(13m 29s):
He observed a bullet hole in the swivel chair where he guessed Patty had been sitting and then another bullet hole in the bedroom window directly behind the chair. It looked as though the first shot was fired while Patty was seated and it missed her. He then noticed another bullet lodged inside the front door of the house, which looked like yet another missed shot. Nall took a step back trying to picture the crime. As it happened, he looked down at Patty and saw the cigarette wedge between her fingers now burnt down to the filter. He noticed the way Patty's body was positioned face up with one knee raised and Nall visualized. Patty leaping up from her chair after the first shots were fired and desperately trying to retreat into her house as more bullets hit her until she collapsed onto her back.

(14m 10s):
From how quickly it looked like things had unfolded and how the gunshot wounds appeared to have been fired from close range. This crime looked very intentional. It seemed like whoever killed Patty had showed up on a mission like they'd come here to kill. Patty. Nall looked through the hole in the back of the swivel chair and then repositioned himself until he could see through the hole in the chair, and also through the hole in the bedroom window, both at the same time. So they're aligned. This way he could get a sense of the bullet's trajectory into the house. And while he was doing this, headlights suddenly swept across the porch. As the coroner's van pulled up to the house, the coroner got out and met with Nall, and Nall told him he was free to remove the body.

(14m 53s):
So with the help of two police officers, the coroner lifted up Patty's body, placed it into a cadaver bag and carried it off the porch with the front door. Now clear, Nall entered the home and went straight to the bedroom where he found a 38 caliber slog on the bedroom floor right where he calculated he would find it. He then began doing a walkthrough of the house, going from room to room, looking for any signs of ransacking or burglary, but nothing appeared out of place. In fact, it didn't look like Patty's killer ever entered the home. It was as if they drove up to the house, exited their car, immediately began firing, and once Patty was down, they got back into their car and drove away just as Nall started a search of the kitchen.

(15m 36s):
About an hour after he'd arrived, his partner Detective Hack, walked in and quickly brought Nall up to speed on what he had learned. During his canvas of the neighborhood, several of Patty's neighbors reported hearing gunshots around 8:00 AM that morning. After hearing this Na looked over at the half empty pot of coffee, still on the kitchen counter, he'd seen Patty lying dead in her bathrobe, and she had obviously been dead for at least several hours before she was discovered. So it definitely seemed like she'd been killed that morning, possibly around 8:00 AM But then Nall wondered why none of these neighbors had called the police if they heard gunshots that morning. Hack said he'd asked the neighbors the same question, and the explanation was pretty simple.

(16m 18s):
People in that area fired their guns into the air all the time to scare geese out of their gardens or deer off their front lawns. So hearing gunshots would not exactly be caused for alarm. Then Nalls started updating his partner on what he had found on the porch and inside the house as the two men searched the kitchen. But then suddenly Nall stopped talking. He picked up several pieces of paper that were lying on the counter near the coffee pot, and as he read them over, he turned a hack with a smile on his face. It looked like he had just found a huge piece of the puzzle. Nall handed over the papers to his partner, and after reading it over, hack as well got the same look on his face. The first piece of paper was an invoice for a locksmith.

(16m 59s):
Just a day earlier, Patty had paid someone to change all the locks on the doors to her house. Hack looked up at his partner with his eyebrows raised. If Patty was suddenly changing her locks at the house she'd lived in for years, it very likely meant she was afraid of someone who she knew well enough to maybe have a key to her house. Nall nodded an agreement and told him to wait until he saw what was on the other papers he had handed him. And as Detective Hack started reading those papers, his mouth fell open and he started shaking his head side to side because what he was looking at was Patty's life insurance policy. Each of the beneficiaries listed in the policy stood to gain $20,000 in the event of Patty's death.

(17m 40s):
And the last two names on the list were Phyllis Neighbors and Barbara Ricketts, Patty's friends who also were the two women who had found her body.

(17m 56s):
They say that time waits for no one and neither should payday to keep your money moving in the direction of your dreams, get earnin. Earnin is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $100 per day or up to $750 per pay period. Just download the, earn an app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. Earnin is designed to support you in the short term and the long term. It's money at the speed of you. Get up to a hundred dollars a day of your pay within minutes of earning it. No mandatory fees and no credit. Check download Earning today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. And when you download the Earn an app, type in Mr. Ballin under podcast. When you sign up, it'll really help the show. Mr. Ballin under podcast. Earnin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Subject to your available earnings daily Max Pay, period, max and location. See earnin.com/toss for details. Bank products are issued by Evolve Bank and Trust member FDIC.

(18m 59s):
Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, really any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio, books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. One of my favorite audio titles is definitely the Road written by Cormick McCarthy. It's a thrilling, but devastating story of a father and son migrating South for the winter while trying to avoid cannibals in a post-apocalyptic landscape. I highly recommend a listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash ballin.

(20m 17s):
Nalan hack arranged for police escorts to bring Phyllis and Barbara down to the station. And when the two women got there, Nall and Hack interviewed them separately in two different rooms. Phyllis told Detective Nall that she had first met Patty at the guys and Dolls Square Dance Club about a decade earlier, and she had been very close with both Patty and Patty's husband Ray. And so had Barbara Nall asked Phyllis if she knew that she and Barbara were beneficiaries on Patty's life insurance policy. And Phyllis began laughing and nodding, no, couldn't tell if this laughter was maybe nervous laughter or if it was designed to mask just how important this money may be to her. Phyllis kept on laughing and said NA's question had reminded her that when she first learned that she and Barbara were beneficiaries, she had jokingly said, oh, real cool Patty, you're younger than all of us.

(21m 4s):
We'll all be dead before we see this money. Nall smiled at Phyllis and sort of played along like this was a good joke, but secretly he thought that everything Phyllis was saying and doing made her seem a little bit suspicious. So after she stopped laughing, Nall asked her to go through her day to help him establish a timeline, hoping that you know, if she was involved, she would implicate herself. Phyllis said she woke up at eight that morning, and then sometime around 10 she sent Patty a text message. Phyllis said she didn't really think anything of it. When Patty did not reply, she just assumed that Patty was still asleep. And then she got distracted when her friend came over to watch a television game show with her. Nall nodded and wrote everything down that Phyllis said, but privately he wondered if maybe she had sent that text message to Patty just to throw off investigators and make it look like she'd been innocently trying to reach a friend on the morning of her murder.

(21m 58s):
In the next room over, detective Hack was asking Barbara a similar round of questions, and like Phyllis, Barbara had an alibi, she said she was with her husband all day and her husband could verify. This hack leaned back in his chair and looked across the table at Barbara. As much as he tried to picture Barbara as Patty's killer, he just couldn't see it. Barbara reminded him of his grandma, and she looked so utterly shaken by her friend's death that it was hard not to feel sorry for her. But Hack had enough experience to know that he should never take anyone's emotional state at face value. This could all just be an act. And so as he sat listening to Barbara talk, he found himself calculating in his head how much money Barbara May have been willing to pay someone else to kill Patty in order to still turn a profit on that $20,000 life insurance payout.

(22m 47s):
It was after 9:00 PM by the time detectives Nall and Hack wrapped up their interviews, but they didn't wanna stop working right now when they felt like their investigation was really starting to take shape. And so after Phyllis and Barbara left the police station, the detectives began going through the text messages and recent calls on Patty's phone. They hoped they might find something that would give them more information on Patty's two friends, but none of the text messages between the women seemed in any way out of the ordinary. Instead, the detectives discovered something strange that they hadn't even been looking for. One of Patty's most frequent correspondence was someone she had saved in her contacts only as mf. Patty and MF communicated multiple times every day, and it was clear by reading their messages that this was more than just a friendly relationship.

(23m 35s):
This was romantic and it was also suspiciously discreet. Everyone else in Patty's contact list had been saved under their first and last names, except for this one person hack ran MFS phone number through a reverse directory, but all he was able to determine was that it was a mobile phone number because the directory only gave him the name of the carrier, not the name that the phone number was registered to. And so he would need help from the phone company to find out who this number actually belonged to. But he also knew at this time of night that could be very difficult to make happen, and it could take a while. So hack handed over that task to other members of the investigative team, and while he and Detective Nall waited for the results, they started tracking down and calling members of the Guys and Dolls Square Dance Club.

(24m 23s):
Even though it was getting late, several of the members answered their phones and were actually quite eager to help the police. None of the members could think of anyone with the initials mf, but Hacken Nall quickly discovered that these people loved to gossip. Several of them told the detectives that rumors had been circulating for a while, that Patty was having an affair with a married club member, a man named James Hyatt. And as soon as Detective Nall and Hack heard this name, they stared at each other in shock. This was not the first time in this investigation that they had run across James Hyatt because James Hyatt was the third beneficiary on Patty's life insurance policy right behind Phyllis and Barbara.

(25m 6s):
In the event of Patty's death, James, like Phyllis and Barbara stood to receive $20,000. And so now the detectives had three possible suspects, Phyllis, Barbara, and James. And they also started to wonder if maybe all three of them had conspired together to kill Patty for the insurance money. In their conversations with guys and Dolls Club members, Nolan Hack learned that James was married and he had known Patty for years. Patty and her husband Ray used to go out on double dates with James and his wife, and they had become even closer with James in 2008 when they hired him as a contractor to help restore their fire ravaged house.

(25m 46s):
In fact, Patty and Ray had trusted James so much that they had made him the executor of their wills. This definitely seemed like a guy who Patty and Ray might have given a house key to. So the detectives thought, you know, maybe James was the person. Patty had changed her locks to try to keep out. As the detectives were working through this potential theory in NA's office, the door opened and an excited young cop walked in. He said they'd gotten lucky. The phone company had been able to help them and gave them the name connected to the MF phone number in Patty's contacts, and it was a burner phone for James Hyatt.

(26m 28s):
Nolan Hack immediately got in their car and drove across town towards James' house. They still considered Phyllis and Barbara suspects, and they thought there was a chance the women had worked together with James. But based on the text messages the detectives had found between Patty and this MF person and now the burner phone, it seemed pretty clear that James and Patty were having an affair, which automatically made James a major suspect in his own right. On top of that, it made it even more likely, James would've had a key to Patty's house. And as a final strike against him, he had something to gain financially from Patty's death. The detectives arrived at James' house, but his wife, Virginia came to the door and told them James wasn't home.

(27m 12s):
In fact, she had no idea where he was, and she was starting to worry that he might have just left town or something without telling her. And now the detectives realized they might be looking at a fleeing suspect. They told Virginia to contact them if she heard from her husband, and to please keep her phone close by in case they needed to follow up with her. And Virginia said she would. Nolan hack got in their car and headed right back to the station. It was late, and they were both very tired, but now this was starting to feel like a case they could close before Sunrise, they just had to find James. Detective Nall walked into his office and called James' main phone, not the burner phone.

(27m 53s):
There was no answer, but Nall was relentless. He just kept calling over and over and over. And finally, after a bunch of tries, Nall heard James answer before James could say anything other than Hello, Nall introduced himself and told James why he was calling. But James cut him off saying he'd already gotten the news of Patty's death, and so this would just have to wait because he was out of town. Nall couldn't believe how arrogant and dismissive James sounded, and he was not convinced James was actually out of town. But either way, the detective knew he could not let James off the phone and risk having him disappear for good. Usually Nall liked to interview his primary suspects in person, but he knew he could not wait for a face-to-face meeting with James.

(28m 36s):
So Nall just launched into an interview right there on the phone. He told James that police knew all about the burner phone and his affair with Patty. There was no point in trying to hide those things. James immediately went silent, and there was a long pause. And then when he started talking again, all of the arrogance Nall had sensed just minutes ago was gone James side and admitted that he and Patty were romantically involved. He only had the burner phone and the different name in her contacts to protect Patty's reputation. After all, he said, you know, people in this town don't look too kindly upon adultery, and the other woman often gets blamed in these situations. So he just never wanted any of this to get out to protect her.

(29m 18s):
Detective Nall doubted that it was really Patty's reputation James was trying to protect and not his own or his marriage. He asked James if Patty had ever demanded that he leave his wife, but James said she hadn't. In fact, he said Patty pleaded with him specifically to stay with his wife. Finally, NA asked James where he was on the morning, Patty had been killed. James said he'd been in Florida where he still was, and so he was a thousand miles away from Texarkana. When Patti died, null knew that there was an easy way to either prove or disprove this, and that was by getting the location data for James's mobile numbers and seeing what cell towers they pinged.

(29m 59s):
So he told James one more time that he needed to get back to Arkansas right away. As soon as Nall hung up, he and Detective Hack put in a request for a subpoena so they could get James' cell phone records. They knew that request would take a little time to be fulfilled, so in the meantime, they reached back out to James's wife, Virginia. They said they knew it was late, but they needed to talk to her. And not long after the call, the detectives drove back to James and Virginia's house picked her up and brought her back to the station. And by the time they arrived there, detectives null and hack weren't even sure if it was considered late at night or early in the morning. They just thanked her for coming in at such a strange time, and they led her into a large office with a conference table.

(30m 40s):
Virginia sat down across from them, and for a second, neither of the detectives spoke. This was not a situation that either of them wanted to be in. But finally, hack looked across the table at Virginia and asked her if she was aware that her husband James had been having an affair with Patty. Virginia. Gave a little smile and said she knew it might sound strange to them, but she knew all about the affair. Hacken Nall shared a quick look like what was going on here. And then Virginia told them that she and Patty were friends and there were no problems between them at all. Now, neither of the detectives had expected this response, but they knew there were all different kinds of marriages out there. Maybe Virginia and James had an open marriage or maybe James's affair with Patty somehow made his and Virginia's marriage stronger.

(31m 26s):
They were not there to pick apart the exact nature of this relationship, but they did think there was a chance Virginia might have information that could directly connect James to Patty's murder, even if she didn't know it. And so hack asked if Virginia remembered where her husband was. When Patty was killed, had Virginia seen James or even called or texted with him, Virginia said she hadn't seen James at all. She had woken up around 8:00 AM that morning, and she drove straight to a fast food restaurant to buy breakfast for her mother who lived in a nursing home. After spending some time with her mom, she had gone home and she said James had already been gone when she woke up and he wasn't home when she got back and they hadn't talked on the phone at all. The detectives excused themselves and stepped out into the hall.

(32m 8s):
They had some new information, but nothing that would enable them to close the case or prove if any of their potential suspects were actually where they claim to be at the time of the murder. They needed James's cell phone data. If his phone had been picked up by one of the cell phone towers near Patty's house on the morning of the murder, they would know he'd lied to them about being in Florida at the time of the murder. Luckily, it didn't take long for the phone company to come through yet again. Now almost exactly one day after Patty's murder, detectives hack and Nall received James' cell phone tower data, which showed his location and movements throughout the morning of the murder. They also obtained surveillance footage from multiple locations around town, and that footage was the final piece of evidence they needed.

(32m 52s):
It had taken just 24 hours, but the detectives now knew who had killed Patty Wellington based on video footage, cell phone data, the interviews conducted and other evidence gathered throughout the investigation. The following is a reconstruction of what police believe happened to Patty. On the morning of December 3rd, 2013, just before Sunrise, the killer got out of bed after yet another sleepless night, and they told themselves there was only one way to find peace again.

(33m 34s):
They had to kill Patty Wellington. They went to their closet and collected their 38 revolver. As the sun began to rise, they slipped the gun into their pocket, marched out to their car, and began driving towards Pat's house on the outskirts of the city. The Killer pulled into the long driveway leading to Patty's house, and as they approached, they saw Patty sitting on the porch smoking a cigarette and talking on her phone. The killer got out of their car and began walking toward Patty, who quickly put her phone down and greeted the killer, but the killer was not interested in talking. Instead, they drew their revolver and aimed it at Patty.

(34m 14s):
Patty saw the gun and tried to reason with them, but the killer just fired off a shot. The bullet missed Patty and went through the bedroom window behind her, and Patty jumped up with her cigarettes still in her hand, but before she could even turn, the killer had fired again. And this time the bullet hit Patty in the chest puncturing her lung. Patty clutched her chest and struggled to breathe. She lurched toward her front door, but the killer kept on firing, hitting Patty four more times, including a bullet that struck Patty right in the heart. Patty's legs buckled and she collapsed on the porch, still clutching her cigarette in one hand and her chest and the other. And as the killer watched Patty fall, a sudden sense of peace did come over them.

(34m 57s):
The killer walked back to their car, started the engine, and drove away. As Patty lied at the foot of her front door dying. A little while later, the killer stopped along an isolated road disposed of their gun, and then continued on home. Over an hour later, at about 9:15 AM the killer drove to a fast food drive-through and ordered a sausage biscuit. And at 9:42 AM the killer walked into a nursing home to see their mother and give her the fast food breakfast. And later that day, the killer returned home and waited for the son to set, looking forward to their first good night's sleep since they discovered that their husband was having an affair with Patty Wellington, James Hyatt, who had been a strong suspect at the beginning of the investigation, did not kill Patty, his wife, Virginia did.

(35m 53s):
James' cell phone. Dad approved. He was in Florida at the time of Patty's death, just like he had told the police. This information led investigators to immediately turn their focus on Virginia, who they had considered a suspect. From the moment they learned, she knew about James and Patty's affair. So investigators obtained surveillance footage from the McDonald's drive-through and the nursing home places Virginia told detectives she had visited on the morning, Patty was killed. And those videos showed that Virginia had visited both of those places. But she lied about the times that she was there and surveillance footage from a convenience store along the route between Virginia's house and Patty's showed Virginia's car heading towards Patty's house right around the time it was believed Patty was killed, and then also driving back to her own house.

(36m 37s):
Not long after with that information, police served a search warrant on Virginia's house, although they didn't find the revolver, they did find a box of 38 caliber ammunition, and they found the blouse that Virginia was seen wearing in the surveillance footage. From that morning, they sent the blouse to the crime lab, and it came back positive for gunshot residue. It turned out ever since Virginia began to suspect that her husband was having an affair with their good friend, Patty Virginia became increasingly possessive and unstable. And James, who had been married to Virginia for 41 years had begun to grow afraid of his wife, to the point where he began sleeping in a separate bedroom and even began locking his bedroom door at night to keep his wife out at Thanksgiving dinner with her in-laws.

(37m 22s):
A week before Patty's murderer, Virginia had taken James' sisters aside and told them she was concerned that James was going to commit suicide. But James' sisters knew him well enough to know that they did not believe this. And when they talked it over with James, the family became convinced that Virginia was actually planning to kill James and cover it up by the idea that he had killed himself. So as a result of this, James had left town to stay with his sister in Florida, and while he was down there, he filed for divorce. And by coincidence, Patty had just happened to leave town around the same time as James left for Florida, which led Virginia to believe that Patty and James had run away together. So Virginia began calling Patty repeatedly, leaving voicemail after voicemail, begging Patty to return her husband to her.

(38m 10s):
On December 2nd, Virginia was served with the divorce papers. And then that night she was at the Square Dance Club where she knew the other club members were whispering and gossiping about her husband's affair with Patty. And so she decided it was time to kill Patty. And the following morning, she would. Virginia was found guilty of capital murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast.

(38m 50s):
If you like today's story and you're looking for more strange, dark, and mysterious content, be sure to check out all of our studios podcasts. They are, this one, of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast. We also have Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, and also run Fool to find those other podcasts. All you have to do is search for Ballen Studios wherever you listen to your podcasts. To watch hundreds more stories just like the one you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.

(39m 41s):
Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app Today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(39m 58s):
Bombas makes the most comfortable socks, underwear and t-shirts Warning, Bombas are so absurdly comfortable. You may throw out all your other clothes. Sorry. Do we legally have to say that? No. This is just how I talk and I really love my Bombas. They Do feel that good and they do good too. One item purchased equals one item donated. To feel good and do good, go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Wondery. And use code Wondery at checkout.