
Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app, Today


Sometimes. the truth is stranger than fiction. And today's podcast features three stories that demonstrate that the audio from all three of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel and has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Bad Blood, and it's about An infamous medical program in Alabama. The second story you'll hear is called Suspended, and it's about a very unexpected choking hazard. And the third and final story you'll hear is called Earworm, and it's about a song you should never sing. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The, Strange, Dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do, And, we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday.


So if that's of interest to you, please eat an orange in front of the Amazon Music follow button, and as you eat it, make a whole scene about how amazing it tastes, and then offer them the other orange you have, but don't tell them it's not really an orange and that it's actually a fruit from a strict nine tree. Okay, let's get into our first story. Call Bad Blood.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, or expert advice, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio, books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without setting aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. One title I love is called Adrift, and it's a memoir by Steve Callahan, who was trapped for 76 days at sea all by himself in just an inflatable raft. It's this incredible firsthand account of how he survived, and I was just completely sucked in from page one. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text Bain to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 5 0 0 5 0 0 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash ballin.


If you're like me, you are constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value most. And after listening to and telling a whole lot of strange, dark, and mysterious true stories, I really needed to make sure my home was safe and secure. My research led me to SimpliSafe, their level of security and customer care has been incredible. What I love most is that you can actually go online and build a system customized to your home or business with the safety features that are most important to you. I sleep better every night knowing Simis Safe's 24 7 monitoring agents are standing by to protect me, and if someone tries to break in, they send emergency help when I need it most. And SimpliSafe just keeps getting better. With exclusive lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm. They can see and even speak to intruders inside of your home, warning them the police are on their way. I want you to have the same peace of mind that I and so many listeners experience every day, which is why I've partnered with SimpliSafe to offer listeners 20% off a system. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ballin. That's simplisafe.com/ballin. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


In 1932, Charlie Pollard was a 26-year-old farmer living in Macon County, Alabama, where 82% of the population at the time was African-American and they were all forced to live under the rules of a strictly segregated society. At the time, the United States was just beginning to crawl out of the Great Depression that had started three years earlier, but you wouldn't know it. Riding through Charlie's town like Charlie, many of the other residents in Macon County were completely dirt poor and they lived in these wooden shacks with no screens on their windows. There was no furniture inside, and they would just throw some dirty rags on the ground to sleep on. On average, the men in the town that were lucky enough to have a job made less than $1 per day.


So when Charlie heard a rumor that the government was going to be coming to town and giving free medical exams to all the African American men, Charlie was thrilled. He had never been to a doctor before and he certainly wasn't going to turn down a free visit to one. And so a couple of days later, the rumor turned out to be true when a government health service worker showed up in their town and set up shop in their one room schoolhouse. Charlie got in line with the hundreds of other men from Macon County, and then by mid-morning it was his turn and the health service worker told him that today they were just going to be doing a blood test. And so Charlie eagerly rolled up his sleeve and stuck his arm out. A couple of days later, the results from the blood test had come in and Charlie was informed that he had Bad Blood.


Bad. Blood was a commonly used term in that area at the time to describe a wide array of ailments. The worker didn't get into specifics about what Charlie's diagnosis meant. They just told him that in virtue of his diagnosis of Bad Blood, he was now eligible to join a government-sponsored medical treatment program. If he agreed to be a part of it, he would not only receive medical care for his Bad Blood, he would also receive free rides to and from the health clinic. He would get a free hot meal on examination days, and in the event he died during the program, his family would be given $50 if they allowed the doctors to perform a thorough autopsy on his body before they buried him. Despite not really understanding what it meant to have Bad Blood, Charlie decided to join the program mostly because of those free meals and because he had a deep trust and respect of the government, and Charlie wasn't alone.


About 400 other African American men from Macon County agreed to be a part of the program as well. At first, the program was everything they promised it would be. It was just a couple of low key medical examinations with a nice hot meal, and then occasionally they would take some pills and have another blood draw, but eventually they started being given regular excruciatingly painful spinal taps that would leave them bedridden for weeks afterwards. But despite this painful and surprising turn of events that none of the men saw coming, they were not aware they would be getting spinal taps as part of this program. Charlie and the other men were convinced this program was still in their best interest and that they could trust the government to eventually cure them of their Bad Blood.


And so Charlie and the other men didn't resist these spinal taps or other follow on painful and bizarre medical procedures that they were being told was good for them and would help them get rid of this Bad Blood. Less than a year later, men in this program began getting sick. They started developing rashes and sores all over their body. Their bones and joints would ache. They began losing hair. They had indigestion, they had headaches, they had constant fevers. And for some of the men, these symptoms would eventually subside, but for others, they got dramatically worse. For those men, they would develop tumors and their bones would start to disintegrate. They would go blind or deaf or become paralyzed, or they would simply die.


But despite the obvious ineffectiveness of this treatment program, it persisted. When America entered World War II in 1941, Charlie and many of the other men in this program wanted to enlist in the military and go join the fight. But when they went to enlist, they were told that as members of the special medical program, they could only receive treatment from the doctors in that program, and so they could not receive treatment from military doctors and therefore were disqualified from military service. While frustrated by this rule, Charlie and many of the other men still considered themselves to be very fortunate to be allowed to be a part of this program that was curing them of their Bad Blood. And Charlie specifically felt like he was one of the luckiest men inside of this program because his Bad Blood had not led to these terrible symptoms that his friends were experiencing.


And so over the years in between his medical appointments, Charlie got married, he had a child, he even managed to buy a little plot of land that he farmed on nearly year round. Then in 1973, so over 40 years after they began this medical program, Charlie and the other survivors of this program had their lives completely turned upside down. That year, a very junior assistant within the public health Service secretly mailed off all of the records of this Macon County Medical program to the Associated Press. And then a couple of days later, the Washington Star Newspaper ran this huge story on their front page that said, syphilis victims in United States study went untreated for 40 years.


It would turn out Charlie and the other 400 men in this medical program. They didn't have Bad Blood. That was just kind of a made up term to get them not to ask any questions. What they had was syphilis, a deadly disease that ravages the human body in three stages that can unfold over a lifetime. And so these doctors that treated Charlie were not actually treating him. They knew he had syphilis. That was why he was even part of the program to begin with. When they tested his blood, they were trying to see who had syphilis in Macon County, and then they took those people and they entered them into this phony program, not to make them better because this was not a treatment program. It was a US government backed medical study of what happens to African American men with syphilis if their condition goes completely untreated for their entire lives.


The leaders of this study did not care what happened to these men, and that point was made crystal clear. When in the 1940s, a cure for syphilis was discovered penicillin. But instead of giving it to these men and saving their lives, they intentionally hid the cure from them and prevented them from getting it. This is why these men were not allowed to enlist in the military or seek outside medical care because those doctors would discover these men had syphilis and they would just give them penicillin, curing them, but that screwed up the study. And so they couldn't have that. The public health service chose Macon County, Alabama because at the time, 35% of the population was already infected with syphilis.


And because they knew the men in this town would be largely uneducated and poor and desperate, and therefore easy to trick into joining this highly unethical study, at least 28 men in this study died as a result of their syphilis infections and countless others suffered from long-term side effects. Charlie was 66 years old when he heard the news. Finally, he had an answer. Bad. Blood meant he had syphilis, but fortunately his syphilis had either burned out or gone dormant. But he thought about all the other men in the study that had not been as lucky, and Charlie felt so betrayed by the government. He and the rest of the men had no idea they were getting taken advantage of. Charlie got in touch with a lawyer who eventually sued the federal government and in an out of court settlement, Charlie and the other 73 survivors of the So-called Tuskegee Experiment were given $38,000 each as compensation.


After the settlement, Charlie just went back to his simple life in Macon County, and then 27 years later, on April 29th, 2000, Charlie passed away at the age of 94. Our next story is called Suspended. On the evening of March 15th, 2018, a 55-year-old man named Gian stumbled out of this fine dining restaurant in downtown Singapore and promptly threw up on the sidewalk.


Pedestrians jumped back to get out of the way, and a woman in high heels in a beautiful fancy dress mumbled something insulting about how drunk John must be. But Gian was not drunk. He was totally sober, and now he was absolutely mortified. John was actually a businessman who was attempting to impress his clients at dinner. But as he had been sitting at the table with his clients, he had started to feel this pressure in his chest that became so intense that at some point he just had to get up and run outside and vomit. And so after Gian had stood up and wiped his mouth, he thought, you know, now that he had been sick and thrown up that he would feel better. But as he was standing there, he noticed the pressure in his chest had not been relieved at all.


And so as much as Gian wanted to stick around and talk more with his clients, he felt like the only thing he could do now was to go in and politely excuse himself for the rest of the night and just go home and sleep off whatever was going on with him. But when Gian went back into the restaurant and was actually back at his table before he could even say a sentence to his clients explaining the situation, he was turning around and running back outside and vomiting on the street again. At this point, John knew something was definitely wrong, and so he didn't have time to tell his clients what was going on. He just needed to get to a hospital. And so he sprinted across the street, got in his car and began driving.


When he got to the hospital, he was so scared about what was happening to him that he actually parked his car crooked in the spot and left his door open as he sprinted towards the emergency room. And then once he was inside the hospital, he ran up to the receptionist and tried to tell them what was going on, but he literally couldn't speak, and then he just collapsed in a chair right nearby. Now, the hospital was extremely busy, but all the nurses could tell whatever was going on with this man, it could not wait. And so they ran over to him, they lifted him up, they put him on a stretcher, and they wheeled him into a private exam room. And then once he was in there, they began taking his vitals and also they began assessing him, looking for some sort of trauma on the outside of his body that could explain what was going on with him, but they couldn't find anything.


And so after they were sure that Gian was stable, he was breathing okay. His heart rate was okay, he just couldn't speak, but you know he was gonna be okay. The team decided that the next thing they should do would be to give him a CT scan. A CT scan is a specialized type of imaging that can show what's going on inside someone's body. It's like a really detailed X-ray. And after they gave gian a CT scan, his results were baffling. There was this solid, fairly large white object that was lodged at the base of Ian's esophagus. Your esophagus sits below your throat and above your stomach. It's basically the tube that food goes through to get to your stomach.


But whatever was stuck inside of Ian's esophagus was not something that looks like food. It actually kind of looked like a human hand. Now, the doctors had no idea what this thing was, and you gotta remember that they really don't have much information here. All they know is this middle-aged guy who's dressed really well, has come running into the hospital, he can't speak, and he's collapsed. And here we are. He has this obstruction in his esophagus. And so even though the doctors really had no idea what they were dealing with, what they knew is they had to get this foreign object out of Gian. So they wheeled Gian into the operating room for emergency surgery. And then at some point, a doctor came in with this long, skinny tube that had a camera at the top of it.


Their first step for this operation was putting this camera down into Gian to see what this thing was that was stuck inside of his esophagus. And so after Gian was prepped for surgery, the doctor with this camera began snaking it down Ian's throat until finally the camera could actually see this white object in his esophagus. And when the camera revealed what this thing was, the entire medical team in the operating room just gasped. They could not believe what they were looking at to understand what they were looking at. We have to go back several hours That night.


Gian had decided he really wanted to impress his wealthy clients, and so he had decided to take them to this very special restaurant that none of them had been to, and he wanted them to try a very special and very rare dish that this restaurant sold. It was called Ji. Ji is a Korean delicacy that is very popular in certain circles, but it's also very dangerous. Every year in South Korea, at least six people die from eating Ji because Ji is just a living octopus. You literally eat the octopus as it's moving around, and the risk of it getting stuck in your throat is pretty high.


And so as John is trying to eat this living octopus, the octopus decided it didn't want to be eaten. And so it flailed its tentacles around, and finally its suckers lodged onto his esophagus, and that's where it stopped. Now we don't know how long this octopus remained alive inside of G'S esophagus, but we know it was alive, at least for a little bit, because after Gian managed to swallow it down, it kept wriggling around and grabbing and trying to escape. And that's what created that intense pressure in Ian's chest and kept causing him to go vomit. And so when the doctors put that camera down Ian's throat, they saw a whole octopus.


The octopus was removed from Ian's esophagus, and two days later, Gian was discharged, fully recovered. It's unclear if Gian ever tried Syn Chi again.


If I'm outside running around with the kids on a super hot day, and then my wife hands all of us a Popsicle, it's like I suddenly become a kid too. There's just something great about a cold treat On a hot day, nothing tastes better. Well, the heat of summer is definitely here, and your favorite summer treat could be giving you extraordinary hydration. Liquid IV has refreshing summer flavors like Popsicle firecracker and rainbow sherbet that hit the spot when you need hydrating relief all summer long, and all of their other flavors are awesome too. I especially like Strawberry Lemonade and also sugar-free peach indulge in hydration with electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients from the number one powdered hydration brand in America. Liquid IV tear pour live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Indulge in hydration this summer with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Mr. Ballin at checkout. That's 20% off your first order When you shop Better Hydration today, using promo code Mr. ballin@liquidiv.com,


Braving a good mystery, then it's time to escape into a bygone age of danger, glamor, and romance as you immerse yourself into the world of June's journey, A captivating, hidden object detective story set in the 1920s play is June Parker and her quest to solve the truth behind her sister's unexplained death and uncovers a scandalous family secret along the way with hundreds of mind teasing puzzles. The next clue is always within reach, and you don't have to play alone. You can chat or play with or against other players by joining a detective club. Lose yourself in this captivating quest of mystery, murder and romance. Can you crack the case? Download June's journey for free today on iOS and Android.


The next and final story of today's episode is called Earworm. On the night of May 29th, 2007, a 29-year-old man named Romi Bula sang to himself as he and a big group of his friends wandered into a karaoke bar in the city of San Mateo. In the Philippines, life had not been easy lately for Romi, but tonight he was feeling good. He and his buddies had begun drinking alcohol about an hour earlier, and so he already had a nice buzz as he walked into this bar. He had a brand new shirt on, and for the first time in weeks, Romey actually had money in his pocket.


Romey had lost his job a couple of months earlier, and since then, he had not been able to find new employment. And so this city he was living in San Mateo, even though it was one of the wealthiest places in all of the Philippines, it was also known as a place that had lots of poverty and really no safety net for people that fall on hard times. And so if you lose your job like Romi had, you could find yourself out on the streets really quickly looking for scrap metal to sell and dumpster diving just to find your next meal. And that's exactly what Romi had been doing for the better. Part of the last two months, he had been living out on the streets, but just a day earlier, he had discovered the stash of very valuable scrap metal, and he had sold it that day for a nice profit.


And with that money, he had bought a nice big dinner, a brand new shirt, and tonight he had bought a night out and the best kind of night out for Romey was going to a karaoke bar because Romey loved to sing and his friends did too. But Romey sang basically all the time, whether he was full-time employed, making lots of money, enjoying life, or if he was in a dumpster looking for food to eat, Romey would be singing. Now, Romey was not the best singer, certainly not compared to some of his friends who were excellent singers, but he felt like the more he sang, the better he got. And he was kind of proud that he felt like he was progressing in becoming a better and better singer. And Rome's favorite songs to sing were these big ballads.


He just loved to close his eyes and let the words of the story kind of take him away. It really was his escape. It was like no matter how bad his life got, he could always sing and that would make him feel better. Once Roy and his friends went inside the karaoke bar, they made their way across the very crowded space to the far side at the bar. They found two unoccupied tables. They pushed them together, they all sat down, and then they ordered a round of beers. And then after the beers came, the friends all did a toast to their wonderful night out they were having. And then one by one, each of Rome's friends began getting up and making their way over to the karaoke machine and began going through all the music and deciding which songs they were going to sing.


That night. One of Rome's friends chose an American country song. Another one of his friends chose a pop song from the 1980s about unrequited love. But regardless of the songs that any of Rome's friends chose, when they began getting up there and singing their song, it was like the karaoke bar came alive. People in the Philippines love karaoke. It's really a part of the culture. In fact, many people in the Philippines have a karaoke machine of their own in their house. And so what that means is in karaoke bars, like the One Romey was at, the Crowd is both really appreciative of good singers who go up there and do karaoke really well, and everyone will get up and cheer and dance along.


And then also, if there are bad karaoke singers, the crowd is just as quick to begin jeering and booing at them and getting them to stop. And Roy knew that when he went up on stage that night, he was taking a bit of a risk because when he went up and identified the song that he was going to sing, he knew it was a questionable choice, but he was confident in his abilities. He had been singing and practicing. He really felt like he was ready to nail this really challenging song, and the crowd was going to love him for it. As Roy sat at the table watching one of his friends perform a fast-paced song about a race car, the bar's bouncer, a 43-year-old man named Roblito Ortega came over to Roy's table with a big grin on his face.


Roblito didn't recognize ROI or his friends, they were new at this bar. And so Roblito wanted to introduce himself and get to know these people. One, because Roblito was a big karaoke enthusiast just like everybody else was. And two Roblito felt like it was easier to keep the peace in this bar when everybody knew him and he knew everybody. And so Roy and his friends, they chatted happily with Roblito. And then after Roy's friend who was singing the song about the race car wrapped up and came down off the stage, Roblito gave him a nice congratulatory pat on the back and told the friend he did a great job up there. Then the friend in turn turned around and flagged down the bartender at the other side of the bar and kind of gestured, Hey, we want another round of drinks.


And the friend also made it clear that he wanted to give a drink to the bouncer as well as like a thank you to the bouncer for giving him the compliment. And the bouncers said, thank you very much. And then before long, the beers arrived, and Romy and his friends and the bouncer, they all cheered and toasted the night and enjoyed their drinks together. And then just a couple of minutes later, it was Romy's turn to take the stage. And so he got up and as confidently as he could kind of jogged up onto the stage, and he took the microphone and he looked out at the crowd, and everybody's having a great time, it seemed like the mood was really positive. And Roy really felt like, again, even though the song was a questionable song choice, that this crowd was going to love it and that he was gonna do a wonderful job.


But when the song began to play in the background, Roy noticed that right away, the mood in the bar completely shifted. It went from loud, happy, and talkative to almost silent as everybody in the bar turned and looked up at the person who had chosen this song. But Roy had anticipated this, and he knew as soon as he actually began singing this song that he could win them over, he was gonna nail this song. And sure enough, Rome began to sing, and right away it was like the mood began to kind of return to what it was. People in the audience could tell that Roy was doing a good job. And so about a third of the way into his song, Roy noticed that the bar was basically back to normal.


He even looked over and saw the bouncer who was still standing with his friends over at the table, had raised his beer, kind of saying, keep it up. You're doing great. And when Romey saw the bouncer really getting into it, Romey had the surge of adrenaline, and suddenly he felt so confident that he really leaned into the song. And so he began dancing on stage and really belting out each of the lines of the song. But at some point in the song, there's this moment where the singer really needs to hit a high note. And when Romey very confidently attempted to hit this high note, his voice cracked And. it was a really loud, like obvious cracking of his voice, and it kind of threw ROI off rhythm, and he couldn't really get back on rhythm.


And so right away, the audience reacted by going quiet again and looking angrily up at ROI like, we knew you were gonna screw this up. This was a bad choice. And ROI actually looked over and saw the bouncer, and now the bouncer had his beard down, and he's glaring angrily at roi like, what are you doing? But roi, even though he was kind of faltering here, he did his best to kind of regain his composure because he knew he had practiced this song so many times, he knew he could do it, and he tried so hard to get back on track, but he just couldn't do it. and it was around this point that he looked back at Roblito the Bouncer, and all he would've seen is Roblito angrily belting out the words of this song, almost like he was trying to override how badly Romey was singing it.


And then at some point, as ROI is staring at Roblito roblito while singing this song, pulls out a gun, aims it at ROI and fires In the Philippines, there is one song that everybody knows you do not sing. In fact, this song is often banned in most karaoke bars. And then even when it's not banned, nobody sings it. And the reason this song is so forbidden is because since 1998, people have begun being murdered for singing it Reasons Unknown, but it just keeps on happening. Since 19 98, 12 people have been murdered either while they were singing this song for karaoke or immediately after it.


The Forbidden Song is called My Way by Frank Sinatra, and that was the song that Roy chose. Now, no one really understands why this song somehow elicits all this violence in people in karaoke bars in the Philippines, but it does. Some have said that the message of the song, which is about a man being a man and doing it his way kind of brings out a lot of masculine energy amongst people that are listening to it, and it can apparently prompt people to just suddenly start acting violent. But that's just a theory. No one really understands why this song just keeps leading to murders. But on May 29th, 2007, when Romey sang this song, Roblito the Bouncer who liked Romey and liked his friends and was having a nice drink with them, he just couldn't handle it when the song was getting butchered, and he hated the song to begin with.


And in fact, ironically, Roblito had been hired by that karaoke bar specifically to keep the piece if the song were to come on. But as he listened to the song, something happened inside of him and he pulled his gun and shot and killed Romey. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. if you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more strange, dark, and mysterious content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts. They are this one of course, Mr. Ballin podcast, and we also have Mr.


Bain's medical Mysteries. We have bedtime stories, and also run full. To find those other podcasts, all you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you listen to your podcasts, to watch hundreds more stories, just like the ones you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see you


Hey. Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app Today. And before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


She struck him with her motor vehicle. She had been under the influence that she left him there In January, 2022. Local woman, Karen Reed, was implicated in the mysterious death of her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. It was alleged that after an innocent night out for drinks with friends, Karen and John got into a lover's quarrel en route to the next location. What happens next? Depends on who you ask. Was it a crime of passion? If you believe the prosecution, it's because the evidence was so compelling. And this was clearly an, you know, an intentional act and his cause of death was blunt force trauma with hypothermia or A corrupt police coverup If you believe the defense theory. However, this was all a coverup to prevent one of their own from going down. Everyone had an opinion, and after the 10 week trial, the jury could not come to a unanimous decision To end in a mistrial. It's just a confirmation of just how complicated this case is. Law and crime presents the most in-depth analysis to date of the sensational case in Karen. You can listen to Karen exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.