
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


Sometimes the truth is stranger than fiction. And today's podcast features three stories that demonstrate that The audio from all three of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel, and it has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Rest Stop, and it's a stark reminder that You never know who you might run into. The second story you'll hear is called Luggage, and it's about A real life. James Bond is found in an impossible place. And the third and final story you'll hear is called The Bear, the Plane, and the Duffel. And it's about the crazy true story of a rogue bear in Georgia. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast because that's all we do.


And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please offer to make the Amazon Music follow button a ham and cheese sandwich, but when you make it, don't unwrap the cheese slices. Okay, let's get into our first story called Rest Stop.


You know that feeling you get when you start listening to a really interesting story and you just have to know how it ends, the type where you set aside everything you're doing because you don't wanna miss even the smallest detail. Well, that's the power behind Audible. Whether you're driving to work or hitting those 10,000 steps or decompressing after a tough day, there's always a great story waiting for you, strange tales, history, conspiracies, and everything in between. And the best part, it's all just a play button away. Choose how you want to spend your next adventure with Audible from Bone chilling horror that makes your pulse race to dark and mysterious. Romances in gothic realms, every genre, every story performed by world class narrators who bring each character to vivid life. I'm still totally hooked on Tom ADA's very thought-provoking title called The Leftovers. Even if you've already read the story, the audio book is a whole different experience. Audible always is discover what lies beyond the edge of your seat. Your next great adventure, awaits on Audible. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash ballin.


The CareCredit credit card lets me pay over time for just about anything my dog needs from food to vet care, but But what if, hypothetically speaking, I got a bird. No, a horse. Well, I've got good news for my hypothetical self. CareCredit is accepted at more than 270,000 locations and works for wait for it all animals. And the even better part is it also works for me. I can use it for spa trips, dental treatments, and more. CareCredit offers flexible financing for all my hypothetical animals and hypothetical me. Visit carecredit.com to apply and find a location near you subject to credit approval.


In October of 2002, mark and his wife Kathy were on their way to a baby shower in Baltimore, Maryland that was being held for them by Kathy's family. It would be a seven hour drive from their home in Ohio. So Mark and Kathy tried to get out the door as early as possible, but one thing led to another and they got a pretty late start by midnight. They were only about an hour away from their final destination, but they both desperately needed a bathroom break. And so they pulled into a Rest Stop in Frederick County, Maryland, which is about an hour outside of Washington dc. The rest area parking lot was completely vacant except for one car, which was a dark blue, late model four-door sedan that was parked head in right in front of the bathroom.


Mark and Kathy pulled into a spot that was a few over from the sedan. They got out, they walked up to the restroom. Mark was done first, so he waited outside of the women's restroom for his wife. As he waited, he turned around to face the sedan that initially when he first pulled in, the lot he believed was empty. But now as he's looking at it, he can clearly see there are two people in the front, two seats, a middle-aged man who's sitting behind the steering wheel looking directly at Mark. And then next to this guy is a sleeping teenager. And immediately Mark felt really creeped out by these two guys. I mean, they're in this random Rest Stop in the middle of the night. They're the only ones there, and this guy is just staring menacingly at Mark. And so Mark's doing his best not to be intimidated and to stand his ground and not act phased by what's happening right in front of him.


But in the back of his mind, he's just praying his wife comes outta that bathroom as soon as possible so they can get the heck outta here and away from these two creepy guys. Finally, his wife did come out. He grabbed her by the hand and without any explanation, rushed them back to their car, hopped in, locked the doors, turned it on, and began backing out. And as he did, he looked over at the sedan and he saw the guy behind the steering wheel. The middle aged guy was looking over at Mark with that same menacing look on his face. Mark also noticed there was something odd about the sedans trunk. There was a fist size hole right above the license plate where you would normally put the key inside of. So the whole scene was just totally bizarre. And after Mark and Ka sped out and were back on the highway, mark explained to Kathy that there were actually two people inside of that sedan, and they really creeped him out, and that's why he had grabbed her and rushed them back into the car.


And so she agreed that was pretty creepy. But by the time the couple got to the baby shower in Baltimore, they had completely forgotten about their experience. At the Rest Stop, the baby shower went well. And before long, mark and Kathy were back home in Ohio. About a week later, the couple was watching TV in their home when a breaking news bulletin came across. And it showed a reporter who was standing at the exact same Rest Stop that they had stopped in on the way to Baltimore in Frederick County, Maryland. And behind them was the same late model sedan that they had seen parked at that Rest Stop when they had pulled in. The headline of this special news bulletin was DC snipers caught. It would turn out that middle-aged man sitting in the driver's seat of the sedan staring at Mark, was none other than John Allen Mohammad.


And the guy next to him, the teenager who was sleeping, was Lee Boyd Malvo. These were the two men that were responsible for the highly coordinated three week long attack that left 10 people dead in the Washington DC area. The fist size hole that Mark saw on the back of their trunk was what they used to shoot through because it allowed them to stay concealed in the trunk while they were shooting. Mohammed and MBO had been using that particular Rest Stop in Frederick County as a place to hide out in between their killings. When Mark and Kathie pulled in next to them, they were only halfway through their killing spree. Mark believes the only reason he and his wife were not targeted is because the killers most likely were trying to keep this Rest Stop off the radar because it was their hiding spot.


And so they wouldn't have risked an attacked there, although ironically, they would ultimately be caught in that Rest Stop. Mohammed was executed by lethal injection in 2009, and Mabo is serving a life sentence. Our next story is called Luggage. From The time Gareth Williams was a young boy, his parents knew he was extremely gifted. When he was just 17 years old, he achieved a first class honors mathematics degree from a university in his hometown of Wales.


A couple of years after that, he had his PhD from the University of Manchester in England. And after that, he was accepted into a postgraduate course at one of the most prestigious universities in the world, Cambridge. But he wouldn't finish that degree because his incredible academic achievements had got the attention of Britain's intelligence agencies, and they began recruiting him in 2001 when Gareth was 23. Britain's communication headquarters, commonly known as GCHQ, which is one of Britain's main intelligence agencies, offered him a job as a code breaker. He eagerly accepted the job, dropped out of Cambridge, and then moved into a modest apartment in Cheltonham, which is the resort town about 88 miles away from London where GCHQ is located.


And there he would live and work for the next 10 years despite being an intensely private and shy person, Gareth was a highly valued team player whose genius in mathematics and technology helped his group win a number of Britain's highest awards for international code breaking in 2009, one of Britain's other main intelligence agencies, the famous secret intelligence service, or am I six for short. They were so impressed with Garrett that they offered him a job to come over and work for them. This was a very rare chance for Gareth to go operational and become a spy in the kind of Hollywood sense of the word. He would effectively become a real life James Bond. And so he jumped at the chance.


But shortly after taking the job and moving to London, he regretted his decision. He hated the intense competitiveness within MI six, the flashy cars and flashy lifestyles and the pressure to go out and party with your coworkers every weekend. Gareth just wanted to do his job and then be left alone. At GCHQ. Nobody cared. He felt that way. But at MI six, this behavior made him an outsider. Before he left MI six, he took his annual two week vacation. But when the vacation was over, he didn't come back to work at his office in London. And for some reason, MI six never checked in on him to see where he was. It wasn't until his sister called police after not hearing from him that anybody looked into his disappearance.


On August 23rd, a uniformed officer went to Gareth's apartment in London to do a welfare check. After knocking on the door and not getting an answer from Gareth, the officer got the key to the apartment from the landlord and went inside. He yelled out for Gareth. There was no sign of him on the first floor. He went upstairs to see if maybe Gareth was up there. He's yelling for him the whole way. As he's going up, he gets to the second floor. There's nobody up there, but there's a closed door. And what he finds on the other side of that closed door would make international headlines. For weeks. When he opened the door, he walked into a bathroom and there was nothing unusual about the bathroom except in the bath. There was this big red duffle bag. And inside of that duffle bag was the badly decomposed body of Gareth Williams.


The zipper of the bag was padlocked shut on the outside. And the key to this padlock was underneath Gareth's body inside of the bag. There were no fingerprints on the rim or inside the bathtub. There were also no fingerprints on the bag itself or on the two zippers, or on the padlock or on the keys. Gareth's iPhone had been found nearby sitting on a table, and it had been factory reset. And later investigators would determine it had been reset. On August 15th, which was the last day, Gareth was seen on CCTV footage, and it was also the day that they believe he died. According to the coroner, Gareth's body had no injuries on it.


There was no sign of a struggle. And his toxicology report showed that he had no drugs or alcohol in his system. The thermostat inside of Gareth's apartment was jacked way up. So it was very hot inside of his apartment, despite the fact it was summer and it was the height of the summer in August. But regardless, the excessive heat in his apartment sped up the decomposition process and made it impossible to precisely determine a cause of death. Despite a lengthy investigation by police, there was never a conclusive determination as to what exactly happened to Gareth. Although there are many theories. Some say the Russian mafia killed him because right before he died, he had been focusing on money laundering in Britain that was tied to the Russian mafia, which would've made him a target.


Another theory is MI six had something to do with Gareth's death, which is why they were not so eager to go looking for him when he didn't come back from his vacation. In fact, one former MI six agent has come out and said he believes there was a coverup. He was interviewed by CNN and said that it looked like MI six had gone into Gareth's apartment ahead of the police and wiped it all down, removing fingerprints and DNA evidence. The last prominent theory is that Gareth did this to himself. It was discovered that he made occasional online visits to bondage sites. And at least one time, he'd had to yell out to his landlord to help get him out of his bed 'cause he had tied his wrist to the bed frame and couldn't get himself undone.


But when two experts who were a part of the investigation attempted to put themselves inside of a similar sized duffle bag and lock it with the padlock on the outside, they couldn't do it despite trying over 400 times. And even if Gareth could have somehow physically got himself inside of this bag and locked it from the outside, how could he have done that without leaving fingerprints all over the bag, all over the lock, the zippers all over the tub? Because when he was found, he didn't have gloves on. Ultimately, despite the red flags, Gareth's death was determined to be probably an accident and was closed three years after his death.


You know how we all have that one friend who's always investigating better ways to help you manage your finances? Well meet Experian, your trustee, BFF. And by that I mean big financial friend. The Experian app is like having a BFF who's an expert financial profiler, ready to crack the case on your finances and help you take control like a pro count on Experian to help prevent your finances from reaching a gruesome outcome. This big financial friend can help you find ways to save, check your FICO score, match you with credit cards, and discover other brilliant solutions to sort out your financial mysteries. Bet your other BFFs can't do all that. Hmm. And since this big financial friend is right on your phone, it's closer than any accomplice you'll ever have. Just download the Experian app and get started for free. Because honestly, the only mystery you should be solving is knowing where your finances are headed. Results will vary. Credit offers, approvals and reward programs based on FICO Score eight model and subject to lender terms offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.


Hey, Listeners, big news for True Crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top true crime podcasts completely ad free. No more wading through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


The next and final story of today's episode is called The Bear, the Plane and the Duffel. In early December of 1985 in the Chattahoochee National Forest in northern Georgia, a hunter was very carefully making his way through the trees, trying to track a deer. Now, this hunter had been tracking this deer for over a mile, but it had been a while since he had seen any signs of it being anywhere nearby. And as this hunter continued to creep along, he became increasingly aware of how loud each of his steps were, because the ground all around him was covered in dry leaves.


And so every step he was taking was creating a loud crunching sound. And so eventually this hunter just came to a stop and decided stalking this deer was totally pointless because he was basically scaring it away with these crunching sounds as he got closer to it. But before this, hunter was ready to just give up and head back to his vehicle. He continued on a little bit further, and when he pushed through this particularly dense brush area, he saw this clearing up ahead. And the second he saw what was in this clearing, he froze, took a step back into the brush, and then ducked down behind a rock. Because in that clearing, he saw an animal. And it wasn't a deer. It was a huge American black bear.


Now, generally speaking, American black bears are not aggressive towards humans. However, if for example, you were to accidentally sneak up on a black bear like this hunter had done, and you suddenly startled it by just showing your presence, The Bear might react by pouncing on you and ripping you to bits. And so this hunter with his back pressed up against the rock and his rifle gripped tightly across his chest. He's thinking about that and wondering what he's gonna do to get out of this situation. At first, he thought, okay, I'll just stand up and quietly walk away. But then he remembered how loud the leaves were. And even though he had been lucky walking in, he hadn't alerted The Bear to his presence on the way out, he was worried he wouldn't be so lucky that those leaves would alert The Bear to his position.


And so the hunter began thinking, okay, well what if I just stand up and start shooting at The Bear? But the hunter knew. The big issue with that plan is he had a deer hunting rifle, which is not nearly powerful enough to quickly take down a black bear, if at all. And so if he starts shooting at The Bear, there was a very good chance that The Bear would just turn around and maul him before he was able to put The Bear down with his rifle. And so as this hunter is going through these scenarios behind the rock, he realizes something. He hasn't heard this bear at all. Now, bears in general are very loud animals. Just their regular breathing is so guttural and noisy that you can hear it a pretty good distance away.


And the hunter's thinking to himself, I can't hear it breathing. And come to think of it, I haven't heard this bear once since I've been near it. And so the hunter very carefully stood up from behind his rock and turned around, and then he kind of peered forward into the brush looking back into this clearing. And when he spotted The Bear again, he realized immediately The Bear was dead. The Bear was kind of slumped forward and its body almost looked like a deflated balloon. The hunter was so relieved he almost started laughing. And so he stepped out from behind his rock and he made his way through the brush into the clearing to get a better look at The Bear. And when the hunter was right over the top of The Bear looking down at it, something immediately struck him as very odd.


This bear was far too young to have died of natural causes. However, after this, hunter kind of poked and prodded The Bear and lifted it up on either side to try to look underneath it. He couldn't see any visible injuries. It was like this bear had just randomly dropped dead, but the hunter didn't spend much time thinking about what happened to The Bear. Instead, he thought to himself, you know, there has to be some sort of logical explanation for what killed it. And with one last look at The Bear on the ground, the hunter turned around and began the long walk back through the woods, back to his vehicle. It would turn out, there was an explanation for what happened to that bear. However, it was anything but logical.


But to get to that non-logical explanation, we first have to go back in time around 11:30 PM on September 10th, 1985. So three months before the hunter discovered this dead bear, two pilots were flying their little six seater Cessna airplane over northern Georgia making their way north towards Tennessee. And as these pilots flew along very casually, they suddenly intercepted over their radio a voice message that they definitely were not supposed to hear. It sounded like other pilots communicating with each other. And what they were talking about was how they were now going to follow this little Cessna airplane that they could see that was currently flying over northern Georgia.


Now, radio traffic like this can only really be intercepted if your radio that's doing the intercepting is physically close to the person doing the transmitting. And so knowing this, the two pilots in this little Cessna knew that whoever was talking about following that little Cessna, they had to be talking about them, the two pilots in that Cessna. Now for most pilots, if you suddenly overheard a radio transmission that your plane was getting followed by some other pilots, you might reach out to those pilots and say, Hey, why are you following me? What's going on? Now, the co-pilot of this little Cessna might have wanted to react that way.


However, before he could, the main pilot stopped him and said, I actually know exactly why somebody might want to tail us. And unfortunately, we're both gonna have to jump out of this plane before the copilot could really even react to this news. The main pilot had set the Cessna on autopilot, which sets the Plane to fly in a straight direction, going at a constant speed, at a constant altitude, until either a pilot comes back and takes the craft back over, or if it just stays on autopilot, it eventually will run out of fuel and crash or run into something. And so after the main pilot had done that, he turned to the copilot and gestured for him to come with him into the main cabin of the aircraft, basically the main body of the craft where all their Luggage was and the copilot.


He's so confused about what's happening. He's so panicked that he just follows the main pilot. So the two of them, they climb back over the two front seats that go into the main body of the craft. And the main pilot begins strapping parachutes onto some of their Luggage. And as he's doing this, he tells the copilot to open up the side door of the Plane. And so again, the copilot is just so caught off guard, he has no idea how to handle this. And so he reaches over and he slides open this door of this moving plane. And as soon as he did this huge rush of cold night air blasted inside of the cabin. And it became so loud from the howling wind coming in that the two pilots couldn't even talk to each other.


And then the main pilot just began pushing the Luggage out of the Plane just into the night falling straight down to the ground, far, far below them. And at some point, the co-pilot just joined him and began pushing the Luggage out of the Plane. And then after all the Luggage was out, the main pilot shoved a parachute into the hands of the copilot and said, you know, put it on. He had to gesture for it 'cause they couldn't hear each other. And so as this copilot struggling to get on his parachute, the main pilot puts on his, and then right after the copilot has just barely got his parachute on. The main pilot pushes him out the side of the Plane, and then the main pilot jumps out after him. So they basically abandoned their plane, which was still set to autopilot.


So at some point it was just going to crash.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED declassified mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's hidden files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories from covert operations to historical deceptions. Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the tic-tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, a totally separate show, all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early and ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or listen on Amazon Music with Prime


about five hours later in a suburb of Knoxville, Tennessee. An 85-year-old man named Fred Meyers was just waking up. Fred always got up before sunrise. It was part of his daily routine. He would wake up, he would get dressed, he would wash and shave his face, and then he would sit down and read the local newspaper. This simple routine was actually very important to Fred because recently he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, which is a progressive disease that destroys memory. And so having this sort of set routine helped him manage his symptoms basically, at least in the morning, he could go into autopilot and go through this routine and not get confused.


However, on this particular morning, something would happen that would leave Fred more confused than he had ever been in his entire life. Fred had made it to his bathroom, he had washed his face and he had begun shaving went out of the corner of his eye. He noticed something strange outside in his driveway. He could see it through a nearby window, but it was still so dark outside. Fred couldn't tell what this thing was out there. And so feeling very curious, Fred put his razor blade down and he made his way over to the window to get a better look. And when he reached the window and looked out at his driveway and saw what The Strange thing was, he could not believe his eyes.


There was this huge parachute out on his driveway. And on the parachute was the main pilot of the Cessna. After the main pilot had pushed the copilot out and leapt out himself. When he pulled his rip cord, his chute either didn't deploy or when it deployed, it didn't inflate fully. And so he was forced to go to his reserve chute, but it didn't inflate fast enough to stop him from crashing into the ground. And so the main pilot slammed into the ground basically at terminal velocity. And so he sustained catastrophic internal injuries, and he died within a couple of minutes of hitting the ground.


Fred was so stunned and confused at what he was looking at that without saying a word, he just turned away from his window and walked over to his phone and called the police shaving cream still on his face. When the police arrived at Fred's house that morning, they were expecting to see a dead recreational skydiver on Fred's property. But when they walked up the driveway and saw the dead man for themselves, they knew right away this was not some recreational skydiver. He actually looked more like a soldier. He was wearing a bulletproof vest over some camouflage fatigues, and he had night vision goggles strapped to his head. But the dead man's shoe choice made the police think this guy could not possibly have been military because on this guy's feet were not military style combat boots like you would expect with the rest of his getup.


Instead, he was wearing loafers, specifically Gucci loafers. So very expensive designer shoes. And so the police are thinking to themselves, who the heck was this guy and what was he doing? The police would figure that out. However, first we have to fast forward two months to late November, 1985. So roughly two weeks before that bear was discovered by that hunter in Chattahoochee National Forest. Now at this point in late November, that black bear was alive and well and living a typical black bear life in the Chattahoochee National Forest, which meant he mostly spent his time wandering around the woods looking for something to eat.


And on this particular day in November, The Bear was doing just that. Went out of the corner of his eye, he spotted something strange lying on the forest floor. It was one of the pieces of Luggage that the two pilots had pushed out of their plane. It was this big heavy duffle bag. Now, The Bear had no idea if this duffle bag contained food, but The Bear was optimistic. So it meandered its way over and began p pawing at the bag with its massive claws. And pretty much immediately his claws tore open a hole in this bag, and suddenly the air all around this bear was filled with this glorious, flowery smell. So The Bear put its nose directly into this rip in the bag and began sniffing and licking the contents of this bag.


And apparently The Bear just loved it because it ate whatever was inside of the back, all of it. And when he was done, The Bear felt so good, he was so full of energy that he just started sprinting in a straight direction. And after running at top speed about a hundred yards, every major system inside of this bear shut down all at once. And he died on the spot collapsing in that clearing. And then about two weeks later, that hunter walked into the Chattahoochee National Forest and discovered this dead bear. And then within 24 hours, the hunter was back home and he told one of his friends about discovering this dead bear. And when he told his friend about seeing this Bear, he also kind of casually mentioned that he had seen and Duffel bag in the forest not far from this dead bear.


Now, to understand what this friend did next, you need some context. By this point in time, the police had actually figured out a lot about that dead man on Fred Meyers's driveway, the main pilot of the Cessna. They knew he was a 40-year-old man named Andrew Thornton, who had served in the US Army as a paratrooper. But after getting out of the service, he had kind of gone astray in his life and become a big time smuggler of illegal goods. The police had also figured out by this point that Andrew, along with a copilot, had been the people flying that Cessna that eventually was found, crashed into a mountainside in North Carolina.


The copilot had survived the jump out of the Cessna, and so the police tracked him down, and they very quickly realized this copilot was really just a victim of Andrew. Andrew had told this guy they were just gonna fly to The Bahamas for a vacation. And so when that plan completely evaporated, and suddenly Andrew is barking orders at the guy to open up the Plane and push the Luggage out and jump out, the copilot said he just totally panicked and just started doing whatever Andrew wanted. And so this guy was just totally terrified and really all he could offer police was just to confirm that. Yep, Andrew was the main pilot. And yes, we really did push his Luggage out of the side of the Plane over some forest in northern Georgia.


The police believed the copilot and did not charge him with any crime. The police would go and search all over Northern Georgia and they would find the majority of the missing bags. However, they knew they were still missing some, and they knew they really needed to recover them. And so around the time that this hunter is telling his friend about the spare encounter and the duffle bag, the police were constantly having news outlets tell people in Northern Georgia that if you see one of these duffle bags attached to a big parachute or something, please come forward and tell us we are looking for these. And so the hunter's friend thought, you know what? That duffle bag he mentioned out in Chattahoochee National Forest, which is in northern Georgia, might be one of those bags.


And so the friend called authorities, authorities were thrilled to get this tip. And so they charged out to the Chattahoochee National Forest and they made their way out to where this dead bear was. And then sure enough, about a hundred yards away from this bear was this bag. And it was one of the bags they were missing except the bag was empty. Because as we already know, that black bear had eaten everything inside of this bag. And as you might have guessed, that bag, along with every other bag that had been cast out of the Cessna that night was full of cocaine because Andrew was a drug smuggler. And on the night he and his co-pilot lept from the Cessna, he was trying to smuggle 900 pounds of cocaine from South America into the United States.


That transmission that Andrew and the copilot suddenly overheard on their radio as they were cruising along in their Cessna was the sound of federal agents within the US Customs and Border Protection Agency who had been tipped off about Andrew's big drug run. And so they really had sent two planes to go follow him and potentially intercept him. And so the authorities standing in the Chattahoochee National Forest looking down at this empty duffle bag, had no idea where the cocaine went that was supposed to be inside of it. But on a hunch, they decided to bring the body of the dead black bear back with them and perform an autopsy on it. And sure enough, during this autopsy, the medical examiner would open up the bear's stomach and the examiner would say the stomach was quote packed to the brim with cocaine, thus ending the mystery of how this bear died.


It died from a massive, massive cocaine overdose. But The Bear story did not end there. Normally, after an animal is autopsied, they are cremated. But for some reason, this medical examiner decided not to do that. And instead he had The Bear taxidermied. And then he gifted this taxidermied bear to the Chattahoochee River National Recreation area. And then from there, The Bear changed hands many times over the next two decades, no one knows exactly who had The Bear and for what reason. But there were reports that at least at one point it was stolen from a storage facility and then it was sold at a pawn shop.


And then at some point, The Bear was in the possession of famous country singer Waylon Jennings. And then finally, The Bear found its forever home. Today The Bear is on display at the Kentucky Fun Mall in Lexington, Kentucky. And around its neck is a placard that reads cocaine. Bear. A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr.


Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studios podcasts. There's this one of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run, fool REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts. To watch hundreds more stories just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police Officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Gar Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reid is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I have Nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just Want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's Not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad free on Wondery Plus.