
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today in 1984. In a small city in northeastern China, a security guard stood outside of a warehouse working an overnight shift. The guard heard a noise coming from some bushes nearby, but he didn't think much of it because This was a safe town and usually the hardest part of his job was staying awake. But suddenly two thieves and ski masks emerged from those bushes and they rushed the guard. They grabbed him and they slammed his head against the outside wall of the warehouse and the guard fell to the ground in a daze. One of the thieves quickly gagged the guard, bound his hands and feet, and then told him he would need to keep his mouth shut if he wanted to stay alive.


Terrified the guard laid there and watched as these two thieves opened up the warehouse door and ran inside. This robbery would shake the local community, but it was nothing in comparison to the horrific crimes it would set off and the gruesome discovery the police would soon make on the outskirts of town. But before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please replace the cream inside the follow buttons, Oreos with toothpaste. Okay, let's get into today's story.


The Show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


You know that feeling you get when you start listening to a really interesting story and you just have to know how it ends, the type where you set aside everything you're doing because you don't wanna miss even the smallest detail. Well, that's the power behind Audible. Whether you're driving to work or hitting those 10,000 steps or decompressing after a tough day, there's always a great story waiting for you. Strange tales, history, conspiracies, and everything in between. And the best part, it's all just a play button away. Choose how you want to spend your next adventure with Audible from bone chilling horror that makes your pulse race to dark and mysterious. Romances in gothic realms. Every genre, every story performed by world-class narrators who bring each character to vivid life. I'm still totally hooked on Tom ADA's very thought-provoking title called The Leftovers. Even if you've already read the story, the audio book is a whole different experience. Audible always is discover what lies beyond the edge of your seat. Your next great adventure awaits on Audible. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash ballin.


On July 25th, 1984, a 30 5-year-old woman named Jao si. Leon stood in her doorway talking to an agitated man in Li Yuan city in northeastern China. The man was a friend of J's husband Lee, and he kept pacing back and forth and he was loud and very animated when he spoke. Jao glanced over her shoulder and saw her 7-year-old daughter drawing a picture at a small table in the front room and J turned and asked her husband's friend to please keep his voice down. The man nodded and then did lower his voice and then told Jao everything was gonna be okay. By the end of the night, she wouldn't have to worry or keep the secret she was hiding anymore. She just needed to follow the instructions he had given her.


The man then said goodbye and wished her luck. Chow closed the door and just stood there in silence for a second. Then she forced a smile onto her face and turned and walked over to her daughter. Chow was about five foot three inches tall with black hair and dark brown eyes, and her daughter looked a lot like her. Jou told her daughter she could finish her drawing later because for now she was going to go stay with her uncle for a while, and right away J's daughter's face lit up and she ran to the door. Jou followed her and slipped on her favorite pair of shoes. They were Red Sandals with a low heel. Then she took her daughter's hand and they both walked outside. The parent made their way through the neighborhood that lay on the outskirts of the city.


Not far from these surrounding mountains. Streets were lined with small gray wooden houses, and Jiao basically knew everybody who lived in these houses. This was a neighborhood where multiple generations of families had grown up right alongside each other. Usually that was something Jiao loved about this place, that sense of community. But now all she could imagine were her neighbors staring out at her from their windows trying to figure out the secret that she was hiding from everyone. After walking for a few more minutes, J's daughter let go of her mother's hand and ran down the street to her uncle's house and then knocked on the door. As this happened, Jiao prayed. Her brother was actually home in 1984.


Nobody where Jou lived had a car. In fact, even bicycles were seen as a luxury. If people needed to travel for work, they could catch a bus or a train from the city center, but typically they just walked everywhere. The people in this area at the time also did not have telephones. So if they wanted to get in touch with somebody outta town, they wrote letters, and if they needed to talk to someone close by, they simply walked over to their house to see them. So it was not uncommon to show up at somebody's house unannounced and to find that nobody was home. But luckily, Jiao saw her brother open up his door and he hugged J's daughter, and as this happened, Jiao felt like a huge weight had been lifted.


She got to the house and before her brother could say anything, she told him that she needed him to watch her daughter while she walked to the clinic in town to see a doctor. He said, of course he'd love to watch his niece, but he asked Jiao, was she okay? Jiao said it was no big deal. She just had a little stomach ache and wanted to get some medicine for it. Jiao then thanked her brother, hugged her daughter tight and said she loved her. Once her brother closed the door behind them, J turned and started walking, but she did not head to the clinic. Instead, she rushed back home. When J got there, she immediately walked to the back of her house and found her bicycle leaning up against a wall on the small back patio. J's husband Lee had a good job at a supply company, and Jiao had a well paying job at a government textile factory.


So together as a two income family, they were able to afford certain things like bicycles that many of their neighbors could not. Jiao rolled the bike to the street in front of her house. She saw the sun beginning to disappear behind the mountains, and she knew it was going to be dark soon, so she put her Red Sandals on the pedals and rode off as fast as she could. The following day around noontime, an old farmer wiped the sweat dripping down his forehead. He spent hours doing backbreaking work and he needed a rest. He walked south and could hear the running water of the wage in river nearby. The farmer made his way to the edge of his land and the river came into view, But suddenly the farmer stopped.


Part of the riverbank. About 10 feet from the water was overgrown with trees and bushes, but through the weeds, the farmer saw something strange laying near one of the trees. He tried to block the sunlight to get a better view, but he still couldn't quite tell what he was looking at. He walked closer and stared at the ground right near the tree and suddenly a look of pure horror across his face. He took off running across a shallow part of the river and headed toward the city center that was over 12 miles away. He left the river and farmland behind running faster than he had in years, and he kept on running for the entire 12 miles until he got to the city center and arrived at the local police station.


The farmer walked through the door and tried to catch his breath, and as he did, two officers quickly walked over to him and asked what was wrong. He told them they needed to come with him to the river right away, but the officers told the farmer to just rest for a minute and explain what was going on here. However, the story the farmer told them was so shocking. They thought the old man must be confused, but the farmer insisted he knew what he was talking about and begged them to follow him. So eventually the officers called over a few other cops and told the farmer to lead the way. The farmer still exhausted from his run, led the police outta the station, and then they all walked 12 miles back to the river. When they finally got there, the two officers followed the farmer to a tree on the riverbank and right away they could see the old man had been telling the truth, but they still didn't wanna believe what their eyes were seeing because laying on the ground, the officers saw a naked charred corpse.


The they could tell it was a woman who was maybe a little over five feet tall and she had severe burns all over her body. The burns were so bad that it was impossible to make out her facial features, let alone see any identifying marks. The officers tried to stay calm, but they had never seen anything like this before. They spent most of their shifts breaking up fights in town or occasionally investigating robberies. That was it. The two officers walked away from the body and joined the other cops who also had no experience in a case like this, but they did know they had to search the area for potential clues, so they split into teams with one group searching the riverbank and the other, searching the nearby farmland on the riverbank about 20 feet from the body, something caught one of the cops attention.


It was a woman's burned blouse and pants and a pair of Red Sandals just then, another officer called out and the cops staring at the clothes and the sandals snapped to attention. Then he joined the other group and saw them looking at a single set of footprints on the riverbank, and it didn't take them long to match those prints to The Red Sandals. The police continued to search the area, but they didn't find anything else that stood out. And since they had a body and only one pair of footprints that matched The Red Sandals they'd found, they thought they'd figured it out. This woman had come to the river alone, set herself on fire on the riverbank, and taken her own life.


The following day, July 27th, a detective named soon Eugene sat at the back of a small brightly lit meeting room at the local police station. Detective soon was in his early thirties and had black hair and dark eyes. He listened to a group of officers talking to the police chief about the autopsy report they had received for the body they had discovered by the river. Soon had not been a part of the group at the river, but he needed to speak to the chief, so he sat there and waited. The officer said that the autopsy report did not identify the woman, but it gave a pretty clear picture of how she died. The body had not been burned after death. She had black carbon foam in her lungs and blood vessels, and that indicated she had been breathing while she was burning.


This meant the fire and related smoke inhalation had killed her. And so these officers were saying they felt like that confirmed their theory that this woman had basically lit herself on fire to commit suicide. And at this detective soon, who had been quiet to this point, sat up in his chair and shouted, I disagree. The officers immediately turned and just glared at him. Some people in town said Detective soon was smarter than everybody else, but a few of his colleagues thought he was just plain arrogant. One of the officers pointed out that soon had not been at the river, so he couldn't possibly know what had happened. But the police chief chimed in and asked soon why he disagreed.


Soon, nodded and walked to the front of the room. Then with the captive audience in front of him, he said, first, self-immolation. Setting yourself on fire was a rare way for somebody to kill themselves. And often when self-immolation occurred, the person doing it was doing it to make a political statement of some kind, and so soon did not think this woman who was found in the middle of nowhere and didn't leave a message behind was making some sort of statement before the other officers could argue. Soon said there was actually an easier way to prove this woman didn't kill herself. He said the officers had searched the entire area near the river, but they hadn't found a gas can or any other container that could have held the fuel that burned her.


So either this woman doused herself in gasoline and then walked for miles before lighting herself on fire or, and soon said this was way more likely someone else doused her in some sort of fuel, murdered her by setting her on fire, and then ran off with the gas can the officers just stared at soon, even if he was arrogant, most of them admitted he had made a good point, but an officer asked him, well, okay, if somebody else killed her, why was there only one set of footprints which appeared to be the dead woman's footprints? Detective soon said that was a great question and they would need to look into that, but it was hardly a reason to chalk this whole thing up to suicide.


Soon told the police chief he was sure they had a murder case on their hands and he knew he could solve it, and the chief didn't hesitate. He said, okay. They would treat the woman found at the river as a homicide victim and detective soon would lead the investigation. Later that day, soon walked to the river with several other officers. He held a file folder of photographs that had been taken at the scene the day before. Soon knew that some of his colleagues wished he had kept his mouth shut. It would've been a lot easier if they deemed this a suicide closed the case and simply moved on, but soon was sure he had made the right call. He refused to believe that a woman could just set herself on fire and not leave any trace of how she'd done it or why.


And when soon stared down at the footprints that were still on the riverbank, he knew he was right. He crouched down and took out a photograph of The Red Sandals the police had found there the day before. He glanced between the footprints and the photo and he knew the officers had been right. The princes matched the sandals, but soon caught something else the others had missed. He gently pressed his hand down into the ground not far from the footprints, and he was able to make a hand print. However, the ground was so wet that the moment he removed his hand, that print quickly vanished. It was like the ground kind of ate it back up like water had washed it away. Soon looked at the photo again and fixated on the heels of The Red Sandals.


They weren't high heels, but they were thick and solid, definitely heavy enough to leave a deeper footprint, whereas a lighter, flatter shoe might not have left a mark at all and they would've just vanished like his hand print soon. Still did not have a clear picture of what had happened here, but he knew things would become a whole lot clearer as soon as he identified the victim, the dead woman who had wor those Red Sandals


Prepare to transform your beauty sleep with Blissy revolutionary silk pillow cases. These aren't just luxurious. They're a complete game changer for skin and hair. Unlike cheap satin alternatives, Blissy dermatologist tested silk actually reduces fine lines and eliminates frizz. Each pillowcase is naturally cooling, antibacterial and hypoallergenic perfect for sensitive skin. Users report healthier hair and clearer skin in just weeks of switching to Blissy. With over 70 stunning colors, including new Wicked and Harry Potter lines, there's a Blissy for everyone. It's no wonder they've sold over 3 million pillow cases and were voted. Best gift of 2024. Because you're a listener, Blissy is offering 60 nights risk-free plus an additional 30% off when you shop at Blissy dot com slash Wondery. That's B-L-I-S-S y.com/ Wondery. And use code Wondery to get an additional 30% off your skin and hair will. Thank you.


Find Mortuary. College prepares compassionate professionals for one of society's most essential roles supporting families through their most challenging moments. Their online associate degree program in funeral directing can be completed in just two years from anywhere in the United States now including California. As a licensed funeral director, you'll provide essential support to families navigating grief and loss. Find mortuary college's innovative program combines live online classes with hands-on training at funeral homes, preparing you for this rewarding profession. Classes start quarterly and financial aid is available for those who qualify. If you're ready to explore this meaningful career, attend an online open house, visit www.fmc.edu and rsvp. Use promo code Wondery when you sign up.


The following morning, detective soon was sitting at his desk studying the crime scene photos when he heard somebody call his name soon looked up and saw an officer standing next to a man who looked like he had not slept in a long time. Soon, asked if this man needed his help and the man told him he was really worried. His older sister Jao had been missing for days soon, looked around and saw there was an empty office in the corner. So he scooped up the file folder with the crime scene photos inside and then led J's brother into the office and closed the door behind them once they sat down at the small table inside the office. Soon asked the man when was the last time he had seen his sister. He said Jao had dropped off his niece a couple of days ago before going to the clinic, but she never came back.


So he'd brought his niece to his other sister's house and then spent a whole day walking everywhere and talking to everyone to see if they had heard from Jao. But nobody had soon looked at the man with pity in his eyes. The man was already so upset and soon hated that he was about to cause him a whole lot more pain. Soon opened the file folder and pulled out photos of the woman's blouse and The Red Sandals that had been found at the river. He asked chao's brother if he recognized the clothing. Chao's. Brother stared at the photos and started shaking his head like he didn't want to accept what he was seeing, but eventually he looked up and said, yes, those are definitely J's clothes. Sue told the man he was very sorry to say this, but they had recently found his sister's body near the river and he believed someone had murdered her.


J's brother immediately broke down sobbing soon, gave the man a couple of minutes to compose himself and then he apologized for pressing him at a time like this. But he wanted to know why J's husband had not already reported his wife missing chao's, brother wiped the tears away from his face. Then he said that chao's husband Lee was on a business trip hours away, so he wouldn't have had any idea about what was going on. Detective soon promised he would find whoever had done this, and then he asked chao's brother to please not speak publicly about his sister's death. Soon believed holding back information could be crucial in identifying the killer J's brother nodded and said that he and his other sister would not say a word.


Later that day, detective soon walked through J's house to her and her husband's bedroom. Now this was not a crime scene, but soon hoped something there might point him in the right direction. He searched the dresser and bedside tables but didn't find anything that stood out. He crossed the room and opened up the drawer of a wooden desk that was pressed against the wall. Inside he found playing cards, photos, and a blue hardcover notebook. He opened up the notebook and looked at the first page and quickly realized this was J's. Diary soon flipped through the diary and found the last entry. It was dated just a few days before her death. He read the entry and it really took him by surprise because basically it was one complaint after another about her husband Lee.


And all these complaints basically boiled down to the same thing. Jiao clearly believed that Lee cared more about money than about his family. Detective soon bagged the diary as evidence. Now he just needed to track down J's husband. A few hours later, detective soon and members of his team met with Lee's boss at the supply company where he worked, and soon got right to the point and said the police needed to find Lee right away. They knew he was traveling for business. So soon asked where Lee had gone and where he was staying, but the boss got this confused look in his face.


He said Lee was not on a business trip. Lee had been away from work, but because he had said he had this family issue that he needed to attend to soon. Didn't say anything in response to this, but this seemed like a major revelation. It meant Lee had very likely lied about where he was, at least to his boss and to his brother-in-law. Soon asked to see where Lee worked and the boss led the police to an office, filled with several desks. He then pointed them to Lee's desk and then left the cops on their own. Soon began rifling through Lee's desk and under a stack of papers, he found a photograph of a woman and it was not J then Detective Soon caught a break that could only happen in a small, tight-knit community where basically everybody knew each other.


One of the other officers who was with soon looked at the photo of this woman and said he recognized her. He couldn't remember her name, but he was sure she had been Lee's girlfriend. When they were younger, detective Sun felt like he was onto something big. He already suspected Lee in this murder. And now this piece of evidence helped him come up with a theory. Maybe Lee murdered his wife and then went on the run to be with his old girlfriend and lying about the business trip would've given Lee cover to be outta town for a couple of days before anybody thought something suspicious was going on for the rest of the day. Investigators spoke to Lee's friends and finally they found a man who could identify the woman in the photo.


The man told them that the woman was definitely Lee's ex-girlfriend, but she had gotten married years ago and moved to a city that was about a three hour train ride away. So the following morning, two days after J's Body had been found, soon took a train ride and he found Lee's ex-girlfriend at her house. But he realized pretty quickly this was a waste of time. Lee's ex answered all of Sun's questions, but she said she had not seen Lee or even exchanged letters with him and Oprah a decade so soon turned right around and hopped back on the train for the long ride back home. And during this ride, soon felt frustrated. He felt totally lost. Lee really seemed to have fled, but now soon had no idea where to look for him.


And he knew Lee had at least a couple of days jump on him. Moreover, traveling by train through smaller towns in this region would allow Lee to almost completely disappear because a lot of those trains didn't require a passenger to provide identification. Soon could ask for help from other police departments, but Lee could be almost anywhere in China by this point. Hours later, soon got back to the police station and he was surprised when the chief greeted him with a huge smile on his face. Soon asked him if there had been some miraculous break in the case while he was gone. The chief said, no, nothing like that had happened. However, he did have something exciting to show him.


The chief walked with soon out back behind the station and immediately Soons face lit up. The other officers were all out there standing next to a row of brand new bicycles. The chief told soon he had met with members of the city government and discussed the murder case they were dealing with, and he told them it was larger in scope than anything they had ever dealt with. And so the city government wanted to help the police solve the crime, and they figured by giving them bicycles that would help them cover more ground and also just generally speed up the process. Even though soon had spent most of the day feeling really bad about his investigation, feeling like it was going nowhere. Now, he couldn't help but feel rejuvenated. These bikes were a huge deal.


It meant his team could travel much farther and talk to more people far more efficiently. And soon reminded himself that this was a community where almost everybody knew everybody. So someone out there had to know something about Lee that could point the police in the right direction. They just had to go out there and find that person Over the next several days soon and his team were out in force on their bikes, speaking to Lee's friends, his family, and just people all over the community. And finally, about a week after the discovery of J's Body, their work paid off.


Police got a tip from a factory worker in town. The man didn't say much, but he told them to take a closer look into a robbery that had taken place at the Factory's Warehouse soon was quite familiar with this robbery. It had been a big deal in town. A large quantity of expensive steel pipes had been stolen from that warehouse, but the case had gone unsolved for months. Soon. Didn't see how stolen pipes could possibly connect to J's murder, but he'd been desperate for any new leads and now he felt like he had one. So he took his bike and rode right over to the warehouse. When soon walked inside, he saw men driving lifts through this vast open space, transporting materials across the floor to get ready for shipping.


One of the shift managers waved it soon and then trotted across the floor to meet him. The guy was in his late twenties and he introduced himself as Ho Lei Chung. He led soon into a nearby office that he said would be quieter than the warehouse floor once inside Sun took a seat at a desk across from Ho and right away asked him what he knew about the missing steel pipes. Ho said he didn't know much, just that eight tons of steel had been taken. And also he said whoever pulled the job must have had access to the warehouse. Equipment, trucks, and a team of people ripping off that much steel was not a fast or easy job. The detective agreed that must have been an enormous undertaking. So he asked Ho if there was anybody he could think of who might have been capable of pulling something like that off.


All of a sudden, ho seemed nervous, soon picked up on it and asked if he was okay. And in a quiet voice Ho said he did have an idea about who was behind the robbery, but he was afraid to say soon leaned forward and told Ho he needed to talk because otherwise people would think he was covering up for a criminal. Ho nodded and then said there was a man police needed to look into. He was a guy who worked for a local supply company and his name was Lee Chong Dong. Detective Sun felt like he had just been given a huge gift. It looked like he could have a clear connection between the warehouse robbery and Lee, his murder victim's husband who apparently had gone on the run.


If you're an NBA or WNBA fan who loves keeping up with with pop culture, you've gotta check out the Six Trophies podcast presented by Aura in this weekly basketball show host Jason Concepcion and Shay Serrano comb through the Spiciest News from the past week, handing out six pop culture themed trophies to six basketball related activities like the Six Sense I see Dead People Trophy given to the player with the biggest comeback of the week, or the Denzel Washington in Training Day trophy for the most dominant performance of the week. And if upping your personal performance is on your mind, our sponsor Aura can help with that. Aura Ring gives you personalized updates about your sleep, stress, activity, recovery and more, all from a sleek, smart ring so you can win the hack in your life better than Bradley Cooper and Limitless Trophy. Check out six trophies presented by Aura wherever you get your podcast.


We all want to be the best version of ourselves. And of course, fitness is a key component of that. The folks at Anytime Fitness well, they see all you strivers out there striving, and they have the expertise to help you optimize your efforts inside the gym and out. If you are actively pursuing your goal to be fit and strong, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. Anytime Fitness has everything you need to do just that, they have all the equipment you need. Plus, easy anytime access to more than 5,000 global locations. Anytime Fitness helps you train to be a stronger, more confident, more badass version of yourself with expert coaching to help you optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Get started today@anytimefitness.com. That's anytime fitness.com.


A couple weeks later in early August, detective soon and his team continued to collect more information on Lee's possible involvement in the warehouse robbery, but they still weren't any closer to tracking him. Down soon sat at his desk, pouring over his notes from the robbery and the murder case like he did every day. And suddenly he heard someone run into the building screaming. It was a man who was dripping with sweat and looked like he might pass out soon, ran over to him, grabbed the man a chair so he could sit down and asked him what was wrong. The man told him he had been out walking in the mountains just outside of town, and he saw these four guys pour gasoline over another man and then light him on fire for a second soon.


Just stood there in shock, but then he snapped out of it, got the exact location of where this man had been, and then he rallied his team together. The officers all ran outside, got on their bikes and rode off to investigate their second burn body in a matter of weeks. The area where this man had come from where he had seen this guy get lit on fire was about nine miles away from where J had been found. And when the investigators arrived there, they left their bikes and walked down this long treeline path toward a clearing near the foot of a mountain. And as they got closer, the smell of burning flesh filled the air. Eventually the investigators walked into a clearing, and there they were quite surprised to find four men still standing over a body that had smoke rising from it.


The men's heads were bowed almost in reverence. Detective Sun immediately began to approach these men to potentially apprehend them, but none of the men tried to flee the scene like he expected them to. Instead, when they noticed him coming, one of these men just told the detective that nothing illegal was going on here. The police had simply stumbled onto a sacred ritual. Now, detective Sun was not the most religious guy, but he was pretty sure no legal rituals included burning someone alive. But the man explained to him they were not burning someone who was alive. They were burning a dead body. All of them were minors and their friend had died in a mining accident. They believed that someone who died in an accident should not be buried in a cemetery.


Instead, the body had to be burned. Sun just stared at the man. He had no idea what to think about this. He would need to check with the mind to see if someone really had died in an accident and he would need to research religious customs to see if these men were telling the truth. And on top of all that, he now had absolutely no idea if this burning body had any connection to J's murder. But as Sun stood there looking at the burnt body on the ground, something hit him. It was so obvious that he got mad at himself for taking this long. To think of it just like with Jao, the man on the ground was so badly burned that it would be impossible to identify him by his looks. Sun turned to one of the other officers and he could barely contain his excitement.


He said he had just realized that the reason J's killer had burned her was so she would be totally unrecognizable. And more importantly, because police had kept the news of J's death out of the media, the killer probably believed Js still had not been identified, and suddenly soon had a plan to draw the killer out of hiding. Other members of Sun's team dealt with the body that was found near the mountain and they would quickly discover the minors had been telling the truth about what they were doing. And as bizarre and unsettling as the ritual had seemed soon, it had actually been a huge help to his investigation. And he quickly put the first part of his new plan into action. Soon visited with J's brother and sister.


He asked them to start talking publicly about how they were both going to be interviewed soon by the police about a possible murder. Soon felt certain that the news that J's brother and sister were gonna meet with the cops would get back to the killer and soon believed that the killer at that point would reach out to J's siblings in an attempt to keep them from speaking to the police. And it would not take long for soon to be proven right. Three days after soon set his plan in motion. J's sister walked out of her house and found a letter taped to her window. She read it and immediately ran to her brother's house. And then together they brought the letter to Detective Soon. The letter was from J's husband Lee.


It said that he and Jiao were together and they were okay, but they had gotten mixed up in something pretty bad, so they had to flee the city. For now. They knew their daughter would be taken care of for the time being, and they'd get back in touch as soon as it was safe. Lee closed it out by telling his sister-in-law to burn the letter. When soon read this letter, he knew they were close to solving this case. It would take soon and his team a bit more time to tie everything together, but soon, soon would figure out exactly what happened to Jiao based on the letter that J Sister received crime scene evidence and interviews conducted throughout the investigation.


This is what police believe happened to Jiao. On July 25th, 1984. The killer stood next to their bicycle at the end of Jiao Street as the sunset behind the mountains, they heard bike tires on the road and saw Jao coming their way. The killer smiled at Jiao, got on their bike and started riding right alongside her. As it got darker, the killer pulled in front of Jiao and led her towards the river not too far from their neighborhood. As the killer did this, they told Jiao they wouldn't have to ride much further and soon they would both be able to forget about the secret.


They were both hiding The killer and Jiao reached the riverbank, and from there they could see farmland on the other side of the river. The killer said they would need to cross the river and get to that farmland. So Jao got off her bike and laid it on the ground, as did the killer. And then she and the killer walked across the river, which was very shallow. And then when they reached the other side and were on that riverbank, the killer's footprints very quickly disappeared from the wet ground. However, Joos did not. Jiao began to head up for the farmland, but the killer grabbed her by the arm, leaned in close, and whispered something in her ear. And as soon as they did J's, eyes went wide and she began to tremble in fear and she shoved the killer and tried to run.


But the killer grabbed her from behind, threw her to the ground, and ripped off her shirt and pants. The killer sexually assaulted J the whole time. J remained quiet and submissive, perhaps, hoping that when this was over she'd be let go. But no. When the killer was done, they wrapped their hands around J's neck and began choking. Her Jiao coughed and fought for air, but eventually everything went black. The killer tossed J's clothes right next to her and then walked to the nearby farm where they'd hidden a gas can. They returned to the riverbank and poured gasoline all over Jiao. Then they stepped several feet away from her, put the gas can down, lit a match, and threw it on Jiao.


Suddenly Jiao woke up screaming. She felt her skin burning and peeling away from her. She was engulfed in flames. J heard the river running nearby and on instinct. She got up and ran towards the sound. Her Red Sandals fell off and she stumbled forward. The killer looked on in shock they couldn't believe Jao had woken up. Eventually the killer just ran towards her, not really sure what they were going to do, but before they reached her, Jao had collapsed on the riverbank near a tree still engulfed in flames. Jiao would let out one final scream and then she would die. The killer waited several more minutes and just watched J's body continue to burn. Then they grabbed the gas can, walked back across the water, picked up the bikes and disappeared into the darkness.


It would turn out Ho Leis Young, the warehouse worker who told detective son that the steel pipe robbery could have been committed by J's husband. Lee was telling the truth. Lee really had robbed the warehouse, but Ho was his partner in crime. Ho had masterminded the robbery and then Lee had sold the goods directly to a company he often worked with as a supplier, making them both a ton of money. J's big secret. The one she had been desperately trying to hide from everybody was that she knew what Ho and her husband had done because a couple of months after the robbery, Lee had panicked and told Jao everything. Jao was disgusted and couldn't believe he had put his family in jeopardy just to make a quick buck.


When Ho caught wind of all this drama, he decided he would step in and try to handle it. So he came up with this plan for Lee to tell everybody he was going on a business trip. And then in reality, he would just go on the run. He would disappear from town. Jiao was aware of this plan and she was under the impression that at some point she and her daughter would also basically go on the run, connect with Lee and they would start a new life somewhere else. That's basically what Ho had promised them. But on July 25th, the day Jao was killed, ho went to see Jao at her house and he told her that Lee had actually come back into town. Undercover Ho said he could lead her to him, and then she and her husband could escape before the law caught up with them.


And then once they were safe, they could send for their daughter and start their new life. However, later that night when Ho and Jiao got across the river, it was ho who whispered in J's ear that Lee wasn't there. And that in fact, he'd lured her here just to make sure she never told the police anything about the robbery. Then it was ho who sexually assaulted Jao and burned her to death. But that was not the only horrific crime ho had committed because Lee had followed his advice and planned to leave town and go into hiding like he suggested. But right before Lee was about to leave town, which was days before J was killed, ho met up with Lee, beat him to death with a hammer, and then disposed of his body outside of the city.


So after all of this ho believed he'd gotten away with two murders. But when that letter that was supposedly written by Lee arrived at Chao's Sister's House, detective Sun compared it to other letters Lee had written, and he quickly realized the handwriting didn't match. So soon began working with a handwriting analysis expert and compared the letter to documents and correspondence from Lee's family and friends and from employees who worked at the warehouse that had been robbed. And that's how soon figured out that Ho had actually written that letter. Police would eventually locate Lee's body, at which point Ho had confessed to everything Ho was sentenced to death and was executed all to cover up some stolen pipes.


A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts. There's this one of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run, fool REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts.


To watch hundreds more stories just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya.


Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, listeners, big news for True Crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Bain's Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top true crime podcasts completely ad free. No more wading through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballin. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.