
Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app, Today


On. a summer morning in 2001, a woman in Alabama woke up in a cold sweat like she just had a nightmare. But. the woman knew what she saw while she was sleeping was not a bad dream. it was real So. she grabbed her phone and made a frantic call, Later. that morning police arrived at an old wooden house on the outskirts of a small rural town. They stepped inside and they were absolutely shocked because the woman really had led them to a horrifying crime scene. But before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The Strange Dark and Mysterious, delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do and we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday So.


If that's of interest to you, please go to the Follow Buttons medicine cabinet and replace everything with laxatives. Okay, let's get into today's story.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, really any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. One of my favorite audio titles is definitely the Road written by Cormick McCarthy. It's a thrilling but devastating story of a father and son migrating South for the winter while trying to avoid cannibals in a post-apocalyptic landscape. I highly recommend a listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin or text ballin to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash ballin


Are you scouring the web for the best Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals. then you need to add Rakuten to your arsenal. Rakuten is like a shopping sidekick that gives you cash back at your favorite stores and finds you the best deals. Right now you can get up to 15% cash back at hundreds of stores, including Adidas, Lenovo, and Sephora. You can even stack cash back on top of sales and promo codes. That's like savings on savings. With Rakuten, you can spend more time shopping for what you love and less time worrying you're missing out on better deals. Now's the perfect time to join. Up to 15% cash back ends on December 2nd, and did I mention that? It's super easy. Just go to rakuten.com, click on a store or deal and shop like normal. Cash back will automatically be added to your account and you can get it by PayPal or check join for free@rakuten.com or get the Rakuten app. That's R-A-K-U-T eed rakuten.com.


On the afternoon of June 19th, 2001, 44-year-old Debbie Triplet and her husband Billy were stocking shelves in the small country grocery store that they owned in Clay County, Alabama. Billy and Debbie had run the store together for almost 20 years, and they had stocking shelves down to a science they barely even had to look while they were doing it. So today, like most days, they spent the time talking and joking with each other For as long as they'd been doing this. Billy and Debbie never got bored working at the store together. In fact, they didn't understand how anyone would get bored working with the person they loved because the two of them had been pretty much inseparable from the moment they met back in 1982. At the time, Billy who was eight years older than Debbie already owned the grocery store, but he'd been having trouble running it by himself.


So when Debbie came in looking for a job, he'd hired her right away and it didn't take long for them to discover that they had a lot in common. They were both single parents. They loved living in a small town where they knew their kids would be safe and they could talk to each other for hours without ever running out of things to say. Billy and Debbie's relationship had quickly gone from Boston employee to boyfriend and girlfriend to husband and wife, and their children from their previous marriages ended up loving each other as much as Debbie and Billy did. So they had all quickly formed this really tight-knit blended family. Now, almost 20 years later, the kids had grown up and moved out, but they all lived close by, so the blended family was still together In the store.


Billy kept stocking the shelves, but Debbie glanced up at the clock hanging over the counter and said that maybe they should call it a day. Billy was supposed to meet up with their son, Randy, and if he wanted to do that and still get home in time for the first pitch of the Atlanta Braves baseball game, he needed to head out. Now everyone who knew Billy assumed he must have been born in an Atlanta Braves baseball cap because he wore one pretty much every day. They also knew he absolutely hated to miss a Braves game, but today Billy wasn't sure if he should just take off because he really didn't like the idea of leaving Debbie alone at the store. The couple didn't like to talk about it, but on a night, about three months earlier when Billy was closing the store on his own, three men wearing ski masks had burst in duct tape, Billy's mouth shoved him into the walk-in cooler, and then robbed the cash register.


By the time Billy had gotten out of the cooler, the men were long gone, but all he could think was, thank God Debbie was not here. Debbie could see the look of concern on her husband's face, and she told him not to worry. Those robbers had not been seen again besides their daughter. Michelle was coming by to keep her company for a while and then she'd closed the store because she had dinner plans. Billy thought about it for a second and then said she was right. So he gave Debbie a kiss and said he would see her at home when she was finished with dinner. Later that afternoon, Debbie's daughter Michelle walked into the store and the two women immediately started talking like they were best friends. Debbie had Michelle and her brother Michael with her first husband, but they had treated Billy as their dad since they were young, just like Billy's son.


Randy saw Debbie as his mother still. Debbie shared a bond with Michelle that was special. Even among the kids, they saw or talked to each other every single day. Time always flew by when it was just the two of them, and today at the store was no different. They talked about everything that was going on in their lives, and when Michelle finally caught a glimpse of the clock, she said she needed to head out, but Michelle hesitated because like Billy, she wanted to make sure her mom would be okay on her own. Despite Billy and Debbie rarely talking about the robbery, Michelle and her brothers knew all about it and they worried about their parents constantly. Debbie said, she'd be fine, she could take care of herself, and after all, she'd been closing up the store for two decades.


Michelle knew better than to argue with her mother, so she told her that she loved her and then she left. Debbie worked a while longer on her own, then started closing the store. She emptied the cash register and put all the money into a metal lockbox. She turned off the lights and walked outside with the box under her arm. Then she locked the door behind her and climbed into her minivan that was parked out front, and as she drove down the secluded country road outside the store, Debbie felt excited about her dinner plans and she hoped the Braves were winning. So Billy would be in a really good mood when she got home.


Early the next morning, Debbie's daughter Michelle sat straight up in bed, sweat dripped down her forehead, and she could feel her heart pounding. She was terrified, like she just had a nightmare. But Michelle knew the fear she was feeling was not because of a dream. Michelle believed that her connection to her mother was something way stronger than a typical bond between mom and daughter. It was almost psychic like they shared a sixth sense or something. It was like they always knew when the other one was upset or in trouble. And right now, Michelle knew something really bad had happened. She reached over and grabbed her phone off the bedside table and called her mom. When she didn't get an answer, she immediately hung up and called her brother Michael.


The second she heard Michael's voice, she said something was wrong with their mom, mom, and since he could get there faster, he needed to get over to her house right away. Michael never doubted the intense connection between his sister and his mom, so he said he was on his way out the door. Michelle hung up the phone, got dressed and ran out to her car. She sped down the road that cut through most of the small rural towns in Clay County, and then a few minutes later, she turned onto a dirt road that led to her parents' house. As Michelle pulled up in front of the house, she saw her brother pacing back and forth in the yard, and she heard the sound of a police siren in the distance. Michelle got out and ran straight to Michael.


He wrapped his arms around her tight and just said, sister, they're gone. Early that afternoon, agent Todd wheels of the Alabama Bureau of Investigation drove down a two-lane road lined by acres of trees on one side and a river on the other. This landscape that would cause most people to feel like they were stranded in the middle of nowhere felt completely familiar to Agent Wheels. He'd grown up in Clay County, which was not too far from here. So for him, it was like he was coming home that morning. A call had come into the bureau from the Clay County Sheriff's Department. County deputies had responded to a nine one one call at Debbie and Billy Triplets house.


The second they walked inside, they knew the sheriff's Department did not have the resources to handle this case, so they had asked the state police for help. Agent Wheels turned onto a dirt road and slowed down as he approached an old white wooden house that sat on a large piece of land that backed up to dense green Woods. County Police officers had already set up crime scene tape around the perimeter of the house, and a couple of deputies stood out front with a man and a woman in their twenties wheels parked his car and looked out at the man and woman, and he felt his heart sink because he had known both of them since they were little kids. Wheels had grown up in a town not too far from where Michelle, Michael, and their brother Randy, lived with their parents and they had always attended rival schools, so Wheels had seen the entire family at football games, academic competitions, parties, and church functions for most of his life.


Wheels took a breath, stepped out of the car and walked over to Michelle and Michael. He said he hated seeing them under these circumstances, but he needed to look inside the house and then he would come back out to talk to them. They both nodded like they barely heard what he said, and wheels ducked under the crime scene. Tape put on a pair of gloves and headed inside. But before he could even take a few steps, he saw Debbie's body lying on the floor. She was surrounded by a huge pool of dried blood and there was blood spatter all over the walls. Wheels had worked homicides in much bigger places than this cities that had reputations for violence, but this attack on Debbie looked as gruesome as anything he'd ever seen.


He crouched down and found Debbie's purse beside her. He noticed bloodstains inside the purse and it looked like somebody had rifled through it. Wheels thought this could be a sign that this was a robbery gone bad, that somebody had broken in, and then when they heard Debbie come home, they rushed over and killed her. As soon as she walked inside wheels, left Debbie's body and walked down a short hallway into the family room. And there on the couch he saw Billy's body covered in blood as well. This was the first reported double homicide in Clay County in over 40 years, and Agent Wheels could not believe he knew the victims wheels approached Billy's body when something on the wall right above caught his attention.


When he'd first walked into the room, he thought it was blood spatter, but now he could see it was red lipstick and someone had used this lipstick to leave a message for the police. It was a single word narc. At 4:00 PM several hours after Agent Wheels arrived at the scene, he was back in the family room staring at The Lipstick on the Wall for what felt like the 10th time that day. But now he was with members of a state forensics team that had just arrived. Wheels had gone outside earlier to check on Michelle and Michael and to ask them if they knew what their parents had been doing the night before.


Michael said that he and his wife had met his mom for dinner after she closed the store, and then as far as he knew, she went straight home and both siblings assumed that their dad had watched the Braves game and then just stayed in for the night back in the family room wheels and the forensics technicians could still not get over the violence that was inflicted on Billy. This was even more brutal than the attack on Debbie. This kind of rage made wheels think that the attack must have been carried out by someone who had a close emotional connection to Billy or by someone who was out for revenge. And the word narc also had strong connections to the drug world. As wheels stood there fixated on the wall, he heard people shouting outside and he snapped out of his trance.


He immediately turned around and ran out of the house in the front yard. Wheels saw a man physically struggling with two deputies and yelling that he and his siblings needed to get inside. Their parents were in there. Wheels recognized this man as Billy's son Randy back when they were teenagers. Wheels and Randy had been on their respective high school scholar Bowl teams, and they had developed a friendly rivalry with each other At academic competitions, wheels darted across the yard, joined the deputies, and in his calm southern accent told Randy he needed to back off. Randy stopped struggling and looked up at wheels, and this look came across Randy's face like he didn't understand why this man was standing there.


Randy squinted a little and then just said Tom. Agent Wheels said he wished this was not how they were seeing each other for the first time in a while, but he needed Randy to calm down and step back. Randy took a deep breath and apologized to the deputies. He told wheels he had lashed out because he was mad at himself. He'd missed the messages he'd gotten from Michelle and Michael, and he felt like he'd let his brother and sister down by not getting here earlier. Wheels said he understood. While the two men talked, wheels heard someone shouting his name from across the yard. He looked over and saw a forensics tech standing by a minivan that was parked near the side of the house. Wheels told Randy to go wait with his siblings, and then he walked over to the van.


The front passenger door was open and the forensics tech said the van had been unlocked. He pointed to the passenger seat and wheels, saw the keys to the van sitting there, but wheels also saw something in the passenger side, floorboard. It was an open, empty metal box, turned over on its side. Wheels called out to the deputies to bring Randy, Michelle and Michael over to the van. And when the three siblings got there, they didn't look surprised at all. Wheels asked them what the container was and they told him it was the money box. Their parents put the cash from the register in every night when they closed the store, and their mom had a terrible habit of just leaving the box in her van when she got home. This clue definitely played into the idea that these murders were connected to a robbery, but maybe it was not a home robbery that got interrupted wheels asked the siblings if it was common knowledge around town that their parents put their money from the store in the box every night.


Would someone have known Debbie had all that cash and maybe followed her home? The kids looked at each other for a moment like they were talking without saying anything. And then Michelle said a few months earlier, their parents' store had been robbed by some men at closing time. So these men might have known exactly where their parents put the money from the cash register. Wheels got a few more details about that robbery, and then he told the siblings they could go, they should have some time to grieve together in private Wheels. Spent the whole day at the house and it was dark outside. When he met the members of the forensics team to get a final report for the day, they believed that Debbie and Billy had been killed the previous night.


The team had also pulled blood samples from both bodies and from the rooms where they were found, and they had done a thorough sweep of the minivan, but the van appeared to have been completely wiped down before any investigators had even touched it. However, investigators were confident that with all the blood and all the fingerprints found inside the house, that they would still likely be able to get the print and DNA samples that belonged to the killer. At the time, DNA testing in Alabama was still a relatively slow process. It could take several weeks or even months to get results. Still. Wheels had a lot of faith in DNA testing, so he was willing to be patient. In the meantime, he had two distinct theories about the case. This was either a robbery gone bad or Billy really had ratted somebody out to the authorities likely over something having to do with the drug trade.


Etsy knows these aren't the sounds of holiday gifting. Oh, or oh, okay. Thank you. Well, they're not the sounds you are hoping for. You want squeals of delight like this? Ooh, and spontaneously written songs of joy. I am so happy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. To get those, make everyone on your list feel heard with gifts like personalized jewelry, custom artwork, vintage pieces, and home decor for original gifts that say, I get you. Etsy has it.


This message comes from strawberry.me, making personal coaching accessible to everyone feeling like life's gotten messy, or maybe you're just not moving forward like you'd hoped. A certified coach from strawberry.me could be the turning point. You need to find clarity, set achievable goals, and stick to a plan. if you are ready to unlock your full potential, visit strawberry.me/podcast for 20% off your first month membership. That's strawberry.me/podcast.


On June 21st, so the day after the bodies had been discovered, agent Wheels followed Michelle into her house, which was just a few miles away from her parents, and they sat down together in the small front room. Wheels spoke in the calm voice he almost always used on the job. He said he didn't want to imply that anybody was lying, but he had met with county police and they had no record whatsoever of a robbery that took place at Billy and Debbie's store. So Wheels wanted to know what Michelle and her brothers had been talking about Michelle's side. She and her brothers were telling the truth. There had been a robbery. Their parents had just never reported it. Wheels looked totally confused by this. Why on earth would they keep something like that to themselves?


Michelle laughed a little and said it was stupid, but her dad had been illegally selling wine and beer and even a little moonshine out of the back of the store, and he thought if he reported the robbery, the cops would find out about it. In 2001, clay County, Alabama was what's known as a dry county. This meant it was illegal to sell any alcohol within county limits. When Agent Wheels heard this news about Billy, he laughed just like Michelle had. This was the kind of thing he'd heard about his whole life Growing up in Clay County, he knew Billy wasn't running some major bootlegging operation like people had done back during Prohibition. Instead, he was most likely just selling booze to his friends and to some people from town. But at the same time, wheels could not shake the image of the word narc written on the wall above Billy's body.


So he told Michelle he was not worried about Billy selling alcohol to his friends, but he needed to know if Billy was selling anything else illegal. Was Billy mixed up in the local drug trade? This question absolutely floored Michelle. She said there was no way her dad was dealing drugs. Wheels listened and he didn't say anything, but he agreed with her and not just because he had known Billy in the Family Wheels was familiar with the growing methamphetamine problem in the area, and he knew from working with colleagues in the state narcotics unit that a lot of the drugs were coming in from out of state and that Billy did not fit the profile of most local meth dealers and users who were often younger guys who didn't have steady jobs.


So Wheels stood up and told Michelle that was all he needed for now, he said he'd check in with her as often as he could, but before he made it to the door, Michelle told him to wait. Wheels turned and walked back toward her. Michelle said again, there was no way her dad was mixed up with drugs, but she did know somebody who was. It was a guy named Leonard Suther, and he happened to be one of Billy and Debbie's closest neighbors Later that day. So still just one day after the discovery of the bodies, agent Wheels pulled up to a house over a mile away from Billy and Debbie's. Michelle had been right, everything was so isolated and spread out around here that this was definitely one of the closest homes to her.


Parents. Wheels stepped out of his car and he saw the lawn was completely overgrown and there were tools and a bunch of other stuff piled up all around. He took a few steps towards the house and the screen door flew open. A skinny man in baggy jeans and a T-shirt rushed outside demanding to know who Wheels was and what he was doing here. Wheels said everything was okay, and then asked the man if he was Leonard. The man nodded and said, who's asking? Wheels? Introduced himself and said he was with the state police, but Leonard was not in any trouble. In fact, he needed Leonard's help. Wheels took a few more steps towards Leonard, and as he did, he could see track marks on both of his arms clearly from injecting drugs and the way Leonard Fidgeted and picked at his skin made wheels think he likely was a meth addict.


Looking at Leonard Wheels mostly just felt pity. This man obviously needed help, but that's not why Wheels was here right now. All of a sudden, Leonard raised both hands into the air to show he was not carrying a weapon, and then he moved towards wheels. He leaned in really close and then pointed to the trees surrounding his house and in a hushed voice, he asked if Wheels could see the men up there. Wheels turned and looked up at the trees, and as he did, Leonard started laughing. He said the men were in camouflage, so they were almost invisible, but he knew they were there and he knew they were men, like wheels agents that the government sent to watch him all the time. As calm, as Wheels was and as genuinely sympathetic as he tried to be.


Whenever he was working a case, he knew he could change his personality on a dime when he needed to. It was like there was a switch in his head, and in that moment, wheels flipped the switch. He stood up to his full height, raised his voice, and said Leonard was absolutely right. There were agents hiding in the trees, and if Leonard didn't tell him everything he knew about the deaths of Billy and Debbie Triplet, these agents in the trees would swarm. They would take Leonard away and he would no longer be a free man. Leonard suddenly looked scared, but he quickly said he did want to help. He had heard Billy and Debbie got killed, and he was sad about it. They were nice people. Both of them wheels flipped the switch again and his calm voice came back.


He told Leonard if he wanted to help, he needed to tell the truth. If admit if he had gone over to Billy and Debbie's house to rob them maybe for drug money, Leonard shook his head. He would never steal from them or try to hurt them. Wheels spoke with Leonard a while longer in the front yard, and by the time he left, he had a primary suspect. Leonard was a drug addict, and he was extremely paranoid. There was even a chance Leonard had convinced himself that his neighbor Billy was going to turn him into the police for buying and using drugs, which in Leonard's mind would make Billy a narc In the days following the murders, agent Wheels had his team dig into Leonard's background and his history of drug use.


Still Wheels did not want to overlook anything, especially if it was because of a personal bias. He did not believe that Billy or Debbie had any connection to the local drug trade, but he needed to make sure he asked for help from the state narcotics unit, and they said they would search their records to see if Billy or Debbie ever appeared as suspects or informants, or if any agents knew anything about them. In the meantime, wheels was still waiting on the results of the DNA tests from the blood samples taken at the crime scene, but he did get an update on the fingerprints found throughout the house. At this point, all of the prints that had been pulled matched Billy Debbie and their kids who had provided prints to the county police.


So investigators figured the killer must have worn gloves, which probably meant they would not find any useful prints on the cash box either. This was not surprising, but Wheels still got frustrated. The investigation was in its early days, but he had hoped he might get lucky with the fingerprints and find a clear piece of evidence that pointed to the killer. Wheels always felt a real responsibility when investigating a murder to try to bring the killer to justice as quickly as possible. But he knew this case was something different. He had never worked a homicide where he actually knew the victims and their family, and so every day that he didn't find the killer made him feel like he was letting Michelle, Michael, and Randy down.


About a week after the murders, wheels got word from the narcotics unit that they didn't find anything on Billy or Debbie. It seemed pretty clear they had no connection to illegal drugs. In addition to that, because Billy and Debbie never filed a report about that store robbery, there were no leads on the men who had committed that crime. So Wheels was basically where he'd been a week earlier with the drug addict Leonard as his primary suspect. Still, Leonard being an addict and being paranoid about men in the trees did not automatically make him a killer. Wheels had to find something concrete to tie him to the murders, And about one week later, wheels was going back over his notes when he got a phone call, and as soon as he heard the caller's nervous, shaky voice, he knew it was Leonard.


And Leonard said that wheels needed to come to his house right away because he had found blood on his money. Not long after this call, agent Wheels found himself back in Leonard's front yard not really knowing what to expect or what Leonard finding blood on his money even meant. Leonard stepped outside, walked over to wheels, and showed him a stack of one and $5 bills he had in a shoebox. Wheels put on his gloves and picked up a few of the bills, and this didn't look like regular cash. The bills were faded and there were these weird white spots on them, almost like bleach or something, and in that moment, wheels understood what was going on, and he just stood there dumbfounded for a second because he realized someone had put all of this money in a washing machine.


They had literally tried to launder the money. This did seem like something Leonard might try not understanding that money laundering was actually a complex illegal financial process that had nothing to do with detergent or bleach, but as ridiculous as all of this seemed to wheels, a couple of things about these bills did look like major clues. Leonard's money, even after the laundering process was grouped together in ones and fives like it would be in a cash register. In addition to that, Leonard had not been using some kind of code or metaphor when he said he found blood on his money because even though these bills were faded, wheels saw several brownish red spots that he believed were bloodstains to wheels.


This looked like it had to be the money stolen from the cash box that Debbie brought home from the store, and he assumed the blood on the bills either belonged to Debbie or the killer. Leonard must have sensed what Wheels was thinking because he got really jittery and blurted out that this was not his money. He had gotten it from another drug addict that he knew. Agent Wheels chose not to flip the switch. In his demeanor, he stayed totally calm and said to Leonard, boy, that sounds like a pretty convenient excuse, but Leonard swore he was telling the truth, and he even told wheels the name of this other drug. Addict Wheels said he'd look into it, but he told Leonard he better not leave Town Wheels confiscated.


Leonard's cash bagged it as evidence and brought it to the county Sheriff's Station. Over the next few days, wheels and his team dug into the background of this other drug addict that Leonard had mentioned, and then Wheels brought them in for an interview. At first, when Wheels asked about the night of the murders, he felt like he'd been right about Leonard lying. This interview was not going anywhere, but wheels shifted. His focus and the interview suddenly took a complete turn because when Wheels brought up the money with the blood on it, this drug addict shouted that money you got from Leonard, that's my goddamn money wheels just sat there. He couldn't even think of what to say next. He had dealt with a lot of different types of criminals over his career, but he had never heard a suspect.


Just shout out something so potentially damning before. After the interview was over, wheels let the drug addict go, but he quickly secured a search warrant for the addict's house. Andy had the addict's car impounded, and when forensics experts searched the car, they found a faded bloody fingerprint on the driver's side door handle. The sample was sent off to the state lab for testing, and this time the lab expedited the test. So on July 26th, a little over a month after the murders, agent Wheels got back. Those test results along with the results from the initial DNA samples taken from the house and Wheels knew he had found Billy and Debbie's killer based on DNA testing, interviews and evidence found throughout the investigation.


The following is a reconstruction of what state police believe happened to Billy and Debbie triplet. On June 19th, 2001. That night, the killer quietly walked into Billy and Debbie's kitchen. They could hear the Braves game coming from the TV in the family room. The killer opened a drawer and pulled out a sharp knife. They carefully slid the knife into their back pocket and then walked into the family room. Billy sat up on the couch and the killer immediately started shouting at him. Billy shouted back and was about to get off the couch, but the killer ran across the room and leapt on top of him.


They struggled, but the killer pinned Billy down and without even looking, grabbed something heavy off the coffee table and started wildly slamming it into the side of Billy's head, blood sprayed on the walls and all over the couch. As Billy stopped moving, the killer got up, drew the knife from their pocket, grabbed Billy and slit his throat, but the killer didn't stop. They kept digging the knife deeper into Billy's neck until they had almost decapitated him. Finally, the killer stepped back, walked away, and went to the kitchen. They washed the knife off, rinse their hands and face and set out some cleaning supplies. Then they picked the knife back up, went to the family room, sat down and waited while the baseball game kept playing on TV At 10:00 PM a few hours after the killer had arrived at the house, they heard a car pull up outside.


They quickly turned off the TV and ran toward the front of the house carrying the knife and the blunt object they'd attacked Billy with. They flipped off the light in the entryway and crouched down against the wall not far from the door. The killer hood footsteps just outside, and they clutched the knife tight. The door unlocked and the killer saw it swing open. And before Debbie could even turn on the light or called to her husband, the killer leapt outta the darkness, grabbed her, slammed the blunt object into her head and cut her throat too. Debbie's body collapsed just inside the door. The killer flipped on the light, put the knife back in their pocket and grabbed Debbie's purse.


They took out Debbie's car keys and they saw a tube of lipstick. They walked into the family room and with the lipstick, they scrawled the word narc on the wall over Billy's body. After that, they walked through the house, got the cleaning supplies they'd laid out in the kitchen, and then stepped over Debbie's body and went outside to her minivan. The killer opened the passenger door and saw the metal cash box on the floorboard. They found the key for the box on Debbie's key ring They'd stolen, opened the box and stuffed the money from it into their pockets, getting blood from their hands all over the cash. The killer quickly wiped down the van with the cleaning supplies and tossed Debbie's keys onto the passenger seat.


Then they ran to their car with their hands in pockets filled with cash, cleaning supplies, lipstick, and the murder weapons, and they drove straight home. The following morning, the killer woke up and saw several messages, but they ignored them and waited until later in the afternoon to go back to their parents' house. The bloody cash that Leonard had in his possession was the money from the cash box, but Leonard had told the truth. Another drug addict had given him that money, and this drug addict was Billy's son from his first marriage. Randy and Randy was the killer.


It turned out Randy's drug habit had been going on for years. He struggled to get work, and he almost never had any money. Billy had continually bailed his son out financially, but recently Billy and especially Debbie had just had enough, and Billy had met with his son more than once to tell him they were cutting him off on the night of the murder. Randy already felt angry and betrayed by Billy and Debbie, and so when he got to the house and saw his dad on the couch, he begged him to give him more money, but Billy said no way. He needed to get his act together and clean up his life. After that, Randy got the knife, argued with his dad again, and then attacked him on the couch with a blunt object and then slit his throat.


Hours later, Randy used the same weapons to kill Debbie. After murdering his dad and stepmom, Randy had the idea to try to make it look like a drug related murder. So he wrote narc on the wall in lipstick, and he figured If that didn't work. Police would assume this crime was connected to the earlier robbery at his parents' store, and Randy was right. Investigators focused on both of these theories, but during the investigation, Randy started to panic, and at one point he literally tried to clean the blood off the cash he had stole in the laundry machine. But when that didn't work, he just gave the bloodstain cash to Leonard, assuming Leonard would hold onto it for him and keep quiet until the investigation died down.


But Leonard called Agent Wheels and told him that Randy, who he'd known for a long time, and who he did drugs with was the person who gave him this money. Then when Randy came in for questioning, he inexplicably shouted out that the bloodstained money was his wheels. Then moved in on Randy, his former scholar Bowl rival and had his car impounded, and the DNA sample that was taken from Randy's car door handle would match DNA samples from the crime scene. The blood belonged to Debbie and Randy had just gotten some of it on his car. After killing her, Randy was sentenced to life in prison without parole, but in 2016, he hanged himself in his prison cell.


Michelle still thinks about her mother all the time, and she continually reminds people to hug the ones they love because nobody, no matter how deep a connection they share, knows how much time they have together. Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. if you like today's story and you're looking for more strange, dark, and mysterious content, be sure to check out all our studio's podcasts. They are this one, the Mr. Ballin podcast. We also have Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, and also run Fool to find those other podcasts. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you listen to your podcasts.


To watch hundreds more stories just like the one you heard today, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see ya


Hey. Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app Today. And before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


People buy all sorts of things with Visa, what people buy is their business, but protecting every transaction that's Visa's business. That's why Visa checks over 500 data points on transactions to help stop fraud before it happens. Over the last five years, Visa has invested $11 billion into fraud prevention and network security technology, and last year, Visa prevented more than $40 billion in attempted fraud. What you buy is your business protecting how you pay is visas.