
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


In 2011, a police officer spotted a woman on a busy street in Japan and he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He looked at a photo on his phone and then back at this woman and thought, yeah, that's definitely her. He'd been tasked with finding this woman and bringing her back home. It was a pretty basic task, but he'd managed to complete it way faster than he thought he would. The officer rushed down the street, greeted the woman, and she confirmed that yes, she was the person he was looking for. So He led her back to his car, drove her back home, and that was that. However, what the officer could not have possibly imagined was that locating this woman and taking her home was about to unravel 25 years of unimaginable horrors and lead to one of the most bizarre cases Japanese investigators had ever seen.


But before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you come to the right podcast because that's all we do, And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, please replace the frosting on the follow buttons, vanilla donut with mayonnaise. Okay, let's get into today's story.


The Show is brought to you by Progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life with Quicksilver. By call Hart immerse yourself in this captivating tale where Sarah feign a young woman with mysterious powers faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Fay. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audio books. Your membership includes one credit each month to use on any title plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.


Ko Sumita raced down the sidewalk in amga Saki, Japan trying to will her body to go faster. Miko was 63 years old and she couldn't remember the last time she had run and her lungs were on fire and her legs felt heavy. Even though it was a cool day out, she could feel the heavy eyeliner and mascara she always wore starting to run down her face. Every cell in her body was screaming at her to just stop. But she knew that whatever she did, she couldn't stop. She had already waited too long, Miko darted across the street and rounded a corner ahead of her. The city spread out in the distance was on AGAs Saki Castle. It was a white 17th century building with these graceful layers of traditional Japanese curved roofs, and it stood in stark contrast to the rest of the city, which was all low boxy apartment buildings and factories and warehouses.


Miko turned a final corner, and there it was, the police station. She ran inside and she called out for help. A police officer came out from behind a window and in between breaths, miko blurted out the reason she had come. One of her closest friends had gone missing, but the officer just stood there and stared at her calmly and told her to please slow down. And suddenly Miko became aware of what she must look like, a little old, frail lady with crazy hair panting and gasping on the verge of tears. So she tried to steady herself and calm down and start from the beginning in a shaky voice, Miko explained that her next door neighbor had disappeared. Her neighbor's name was Kai Oab.


She was in her forties and she was a wonderful caring friend. But a few days ago, Kai had gotten into a strange car right outside her condominium, and nobody had seen her since. It was like she had vanished into thin air, and so miko worried something terrible had happened to Kai, and now she wished she'd come to the police sooner. The officer assured miko that he would file a report and the police would look into this right away. But the officer also said that very likely there was a rational explanation here for why her friend had left. Miko began to breathe a bit easier. She told herself everything would be okay. The police would find Kai and bring her home.


On November 9th, 2011, a week and a half after Miko reported Kai missing a foreman and his work crew arrived at an old abandoned warehouse in the industrial section of Amiga Saki. This warehouse was only a few miles from where Kai had last been seen, but the foreman and his crew didn't know anything about that. They just knew this was where the job they had been hired for was taking place. They were supposed to move some cargo that had been left inside the warehouse to a new location. When the foreman led the crew inside, they saw this vast, mostly empty space with trash and dust on the concrete floor and cobwebs on the walls. There were a few labeled crates scattered around, and so the foreman told his men to start moving them out to the truck, and as the crew took each item out, the foreman would mark it off his list.


But then at some point, one of the workers noticed something tucked away in a dark corner of the warehouse. The worker walked over to it and realized it was this big metal drum, like a barrel that might be used to store oil. At first, he just assumed it was part of the cargo they were supposed to move, so he grabbed it and tried to slide it across the floor, but the drum didn't budge. The worker laughed at himself. He was a pretty strong guy, and he figured he should be able to move a single metal drum on his own. So he took a breath, squatted down, gripped the top of the drum, and tried really hard to pull it outta the corner, but still it didn't move. A couple of the other workers saw him doing this, and so they joined him in the corner together.


They all gripped the metal drum and pulled, and it moved, but barely at this point, the foreman came over to see if he could help, and when he did, he immediately noticed that this drum did not have any markings on it. And he thought that was very strange because the other items they had come to move had all been very clearly labeled. And so the foreman glanced down at his list and he did not see the metal drum anywhere on it. This sudden mystery got the crew excited and they wondered what might be inside of this drum. Maybe there was something valuable or illegal. The foreman thought about just leaving the drum alone, but if it was a valuable item that somehow didn't make it onto this list, but was required to be moved while the client would be angry if it was left behind.


So the foreman told his crew to open the drum to see what was inside. Then they'd figure out what to do with it. The men were all in good spirits and joking with each other as they pulled on the lid, and the foreman could feel his heart beating faster with the anticipation of what they might find inside. Suddenly, the metal lid came loose and it clanged to the floor. The foreman and his men leaned over the barrel to see what was inside. And for a second, there was absolute silence in the warehouse. As the foreman stared down into the drum, it was like everything around him disappeared. Finally, one of his men let out this awful strangled scream, and it was like it snapped the foreman back into reality.


He fumbled to dig his phone out of his pocket, and then with a shaking hand, he dialed one one oh the emergency line for police. Not long after the foreman made that call, the lead investigator on the case Officer sdo walked into the warehouse along with dozens of police officers and forensic analysts. The foreman and his crew were still inside, but they had all moved as far away as they could from the drum. Officer. Sdo nodded at the men, but did not stop to talk to them. Instead, he headed straight for the drum in the corner of the room. And when he reached it and he appeared inside, he gave a long sad sigh.


Inside the drum was the twisted body of a dead woman, and there was something else inside of that drum that also horrified saddo. Someone had poured cement inside the drum and it had hardened and partially encased the woman's lower body, but he could still see enough of the victim to guess that she was probably in her sixties, she had gray hair and wrinkles. STO could also see that she had bruising on her neck and face. She was completely naked and she was shockingly thin, almost emaciated. As STO stared down at the body, he felt his stomach turn. There was a true level of cruelty in the way this victim had been disposed of that hit him hard. But beyond his emotional reaction to this, Sada was also confused because this scene didn't make sense.


It was like his victim didn't match up with his crime scene. If the body of this woman had been found in her home, he could have at least started to wrap his mind around it, because approximately one third of women who are murdered in Japan are killed by current or former intimate male partners. Most of those murders occur inside the home, but this didn't look anything like a domestic violence killing. In fact, SADO could only think of a few instances that involved covering up and abandoning a body like this. And all of those instances were connected to gang violence. In Japan, these gangs are referred to as Yakuza, which is kind of like saying the mafia. Sedo knew there were Yakuza groups in the city.


They typically engaged in financial crimes like extortion, smuggling, and prostitution. But there were occasional episodes of major violence, including murder. Still. Yakuza violence typically occurred between different gang factions, not between gang members and normal everyday people. And SADO just couldn't imagine how the victim, this older woman, could have possibly gotten mixed up with the local gang. STO called over a forensics officer. The forensics officer joined SDO and then stared down into the metal drum. He told Sdo the bruising on the woman's face and neck suggested she had been beaten before she was killed, and her body had not decomposed much, which could indicate that she had been killed recently.


However, they wouldn't know until the autopsy. Sdo nodded and then stepped away from the drum and slowly walked around the warehouse looking for more evidence. He didn't see any blood on the walls or floors, and there also weren't any rope fibers that would indicate the woman had been bound or held captive in the warehouse. In fact, other than the body, there really was no sign of any violence. But that lack of evidence actually helps STO begin to form an early theory about what might have happened. He believed the victim was most likely murdered somewhere else and then placed in the metal drum and then transported and hidden in this warehouse. A few minutes later, sto headed back to the police station.


He knew he really needed the autopsy before his investigation would have a clear direction because the autopsy would show him who the victim was. However, in the meantime, he decided that the way the body was disposed of was a decent enough lead to get started. The Yakuza had been known to leave their victims in metal drums, so he would start with them.


Hey, listeners, big news for true Crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top true crime podcasts completely ad free. No more waiting through cliffhangers or dealing with ads because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of true crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


Hey guys, Mr. Ballen here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created my Bain's Medical Mysteries. A totally separate show all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early and ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or listen on Amazon Music with Prime


The following day, members of Sad O's investigative team fanned out to the dark corners of Amiga Saki. So back in the 1980s and nineties and even into the early two thousands, the Acua had operated pretty openly in certain bars and restaurants. People could always tell the establishments where the Akua were running brothels because there would be a scantily clad hostess at the door trying to entice customers to come inside. And then when those customers stepped through the door, the whole place would be lit with The Strange bright pink light. And if they wanted to spend some money, they could go upstairs and pay for sex. But now the Japanese police had begun a crackdown on Yakuza activities, passing a series of anti-gang laws and targeting different parts of their operations.


And so when SDOs team talked to people in the seediest bars and restaurants in town, they didn't really come up with anything. It seemed like the Yakuza were just laying low, not murdering women and stuffing their bodies into barrels. Sado began to worry that this Yakuza lead was just gonna take his team to a dead end. But then just a couple of days after the discovery of the body, the autopsy results arrived on CTO's desk. Now, the report couldn't answer. When this woman had died, it was impossible to tell if she had been dead for days or months. However, the report did give the identity of the victim using dental records. Authorities had identified her as Kazuko, OA 66-year-old woman who had lived in the city.


Saddo kept on reading the autopsy, and when he finished it, he found attached. At the back was this additional report, and when he read this additional report, he was shocked. The report said the dead woman found in the barrel was the mother of Kai oa, a woman who'd recently been reported missing. But that was not the craziest thing because the missing woman, Kai had not been missing at all. A few days after Kai's neighbor, an older woman named Miko Sumita had filed a missing persons report. The police had tracked down Kai just 20 minutes away in the major city of Osaka, and it would turn out Kai had been hiding out there using a fake name, very suspicious.


And so Sedo quickly contacted the officers who'd found Kai, and they told him that when they'd located her, they had no idea her mother was dead. And so there was no connection drawn about perhaps Kai being involved in the death. And since it was not illegal for her to run away and hide out in a different city and pretend to be somebody else, Kai had simply been brought home and allowed to return to her normal life like nothing had happened. Now, CTO's mind began to race. He wondered if the case was really just the simple, maybe it had nothing to do with the Yakuza. Maybe Kai had just murdered her own mother and then fled. Sto knew he would have to act fast because Kai had already tried to escape once, and so he didn't want her to catch wind that he was looking for her, or she might try it again.


So Sado quickly flagged down another investigator, and the two of them both ran out to CTO's car and sped through the city. When Officer Sdo and the other investigator knocked on the front door of Kai's condominium, a short nervous looking man in his forties greeted them. Now the man was polite, but it seemed fairly obvious that he did not want them to come inside. The man told Saddo that he and his family knew about how Kazuko had been found in the drum in the warehouse, and so they just wanted privacy to deal with their grief.


But Saddo told the man that he really needed to ask some questions, and they could either talk here in his home or the man in his family could come to the police station. The man turned around and scanned the apartment behind him like he was looking for something. Then he muttered something under his breath and turned back to STO and said, okay, you can come inside. Sto and the other investigator paused to remove their shoes. Then they followed the man into the front room, and STO couldn't explain it, but right away he felt like something was off here. He asked the man if he was related to the murder victim, Kazuko, and the man said Yes, she was his mother-in-law. But then he quickly corrected himself and said, actually, she was his former mother-in-law.


He was divorced from her daughter, but he still lived in the condo with his ex-wife, their kids, and Kazuko this surprise Sado. Why would a divorced couple keep living together? But he just smiled and nodded. He wanted to keep the man talking very comfortably. And just because the living situation seemed odd to him, that didn't mean there was anything wrong with it. Eventually, saddo got to the point and asked the man if his ex-wife was Kai oa, the woman who had gone missing and then returned. The man shook his head. He said he had been married to Kai's younger sister, but Kai actually also lived with them in the condo. The man paused and again looked around the room like he was searching for something.


Then he turned back to Sdo and just began to laugh. Sto glanced at the other investigator and he looked as creeped out as STO did. There was something so strange about this man, and it wasn't just that he clearly was very nervous. A lot of people get nervous talking to the police, so they were used to that. This weirdness was something else. Once the man stopped laughing, SDO asked him if Kai was home, and the man turned and pointed to a closed bedroom door. Sdo got up and walked over to it, knocked and announced he was a police officer, and asked if he could come inside. There was a brief silence, and then Sdo heard light footsteps from inside the room, and slowly the door opened.


And when Sto saw who opened the door, he had to consciously hide his shock because the woman standing in front of him looked like a corpse. She was rail thin and her eyes seemed hollowed out in her face. STO could see there were stains on her shirt, and her hair was stringy and greasy like it hadn't been washed. In weeks, he asked her if she was Kai, and she just nodded. Sto stepped into the room while the other investigator stayed back with the man in the room. Sto saw there was a plate on the floor with scraps of food on it, and also clothes were piled up in different spots. The room smelled sort of musty, like the door hadn't been opened in a long time. Sto wondered when Kai had last left her bedroom, the silence was broken when Kai said she knew why he was there.


She had actually been expecting the police ever since she got the news that her mother's body had been found in that warehouse. Saddo asked if she knew what had happened to her mother, and in a voice so quiet that Saddo had to lean in to hear her. Kai said, my mother took her own life. This absolutely stunned Sado if it was a lie. It was a really stupid one because why would Kai expect him to believe that her mother had what put herself into a concrete filled drum, or was she suggesting that her mother had killed herself? And then Kai, or maybe somebody else in her family had then disposed of the body by putting it in the drum? Sado waited for Kai to say more, but she didn't.


She just went quiet. Finally, when the silence between them had become deafening, Sado asked her, you know, Hey, why'd you run off to Osaka? A couple of weeks earlier, Kai seemed to force a smile and then said the whole thing was a big misunderstanding. She had just gone on a quick trip and was surprised anybody even noticed she was gone. Now, this made perhaps less sense than even the idea that Kai's mother had put herself in the drum, but Sto stayed quiet. He didn't want her to know that he was sort of onto her. He was a big believer in letting people trap themselves through their own words. But before Kai could say anymore, STO heard new voices outside the room, and he turned to see three people outside in the front room approaching his other investigator.


Kai told Sto that the three people were her sister and her sister's. Young teenage daughters, STO gestured to Kai to come with him. And then the two of them stepped out of her bedroom and headed towards the front room. Sto introduced himself to the rest of Kai's family and then shot another look at his partner like, what's going on here? The sister and the children looked as bad as Kai, like they hadn't eaten or slept in days. And when Saddo asked them these same basic questions about KACO's death that he had asked Kai, he noticed their eyes dart back and forth like they were trying to communicate with each other without actually saying anything. And when they did speak, they all said the same thing, that Kazuko had taken her own life.


Sedo felt like this whole situation was just insane. He had arrived here thinking maybe Kai was involved in her mother's death, but now after seeing Kai and her family and the unsettling way they were all living, he had no idea what was going on here. Why were they all so sickly? And why were they telling such transparent lies? Sado didn't know if these people were guilty or innocent, but he did know one thing for sure. They were hiding something. He told the family they would follow up soon, and then he and his partner stepped outside. And then once they were out there, SDO said to his partner that, Hey, while we're here, we should speak to the neighbors to see if any of them have a clue about what is going on inside of that condo.


They began knocking on doors, but the neighbors would just say they knew nothing, and then quickly retreat back inside. Now, this actually was not surprising to say though. In Japanese culture, people were often reluctant to speak about other family's lives, especially if that family was doing something illegal or if they were mourning the loss of a loved one. But Sado had hoped he would have at least one opportunity for a helpful interview with a neighbor. He had looked at the missing person report that had been filed about Kai, and he knew that the older woman who filed it Mko Sumita, lived right next door. Now, the investigators had actually already knocked on her door, but she hadn't answered. However, STO figured they should try one more time before they left.


After all, she's the one who filed the missing persons report. And so if anybody had more insight on the family, it would be her. And this time when they knocked on KO's door again, she did answer. However, she just seemed really scared and quickly apologized and said she had nothing more to say. Sado and his partner were about to just give up and leave when a young couple opened up their door and actually invited the investigators inside. The couple told them that months earlier, they had been out walking in a nearby park when all of a sudden they heard a woman screaming. And when they looked in the direction of the scream, they saw Kai, her sister, and her brother-in-law, and their daughters beating Kai's mother Kazuko.


They said they had immediately called the police, but when the police arrived, they barely questioned the family. Instead, the officers had a quiet conversation with the family, left after a few minutes and never followed up with the couple. This didn't surprise Sado either. At this time in Japan, domestic conflicts were handled very differently than pretty much any other kind of criminal investigation. It came down to the same principle of respect for privacy that made Kay's neighbors refuse to talk to them. Basically, police thought that family problems, even nasty ones should be dealt with by the family. Saya was disappointed he hadn't gotten more information, but as he and his partner left the young couple's home, his mind began to race.


Kazuko had been beaten before she died. There was all that bruising on her neck, and now Sado knew that Kao's own family had been beating her. However, this didn't solve the mystery. In fact, it only tangled it further because after seeing Kai and the others in that condo, saddo didn't think they could actually physically carry out all the steps of Kao's murder. Kai looked so weak that it seemed like she could barely stand on her two feet, and the rest of her family wasn't much better. So how could they beat Kazuko to death, then transport her body to the warehouse and cover it with cement? STO could not answer those questions, and he didn't even know where to look.


The next afternoon, STO was at his desk trying to figure out his next step. When his phone rang, He picked it up and the man on the other end spoke barely above a whisper. And he said, I have important information about Kazuko EZ murder. Sdo felt a rush of adrenaline, and instinctively he just stood up at his desk. He asked who the caller was, but the man wouldn't give a name, and Sdo didn't wanna scare him off, so he didn't press. The man said he didn't know how Kazuko had died, but he was certain that her family was under the thumb of a vicious Yakuza gang, and this particular gang had a ruthless leader who was perhaps the most terrifying Yakuza leader in the whole city.


After that, the caller hung up. STO stood there in shock. It was like he had arrived back at the very beginning of this case when he had stood over Kazuo Go's body in the metal drum and wondered if this was the work of the Yakuza. SADO immediately began a deep dive into the OEF family's finances. He knew that almost all Yakuza crime just came down to money, and right away a series of financial transactions jumped out at him. Over the past two years, the family had made repeated big payments at regular intervals, and when investigators tracked the group receiving these payments, they discovered a connection to the Yakuza.


So Saddo began to believe that Kao's family had somehow gotten into debt with the wrong people, and Kazuko had paid with her life. And on November 26th, 2011, which was just over two weeks after the discovery of the body, sto rounded up five known Yakuza members in the area and brought them in for questioning. However, Yakuza members rarely ever talked to the police. So after five, mostly silent interviews, STO had no clear evidence linking any of them to the murder, and he still had no idea who this gang supposed ruthless leader was. So by the time that 2011 ended, STO had hit another dead end and soon months went by with no new evidence coming in.


And so Sato began to think that he might never know who killed Kazuko.


Last year, long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's accused Of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristin Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance At the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's Not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus.


Hey, it's MrBallen in here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED declassified mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's hidden files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions, Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the Tic-Tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus


On October 14th, 2012. So 11 months after the discovery of KACO's body, a pair of Amiga Saki police officers approached an empty one story house in a residential neighborhood. They were following up on an anonymous tip, very similar to the one that Saddo had gotten from the outside. The house looked like every other house on the block, but the second the officers opened the door, they knew something was very wrong. With this place, the faint odor of something rotten filled the front room, the power was out, so the officers turned on their flashlights and headed down a dark hallway. The further they went into the house, the worse the smell got towards the back of the house.


The officers found a room that was closed off by traditional Japanese sliding doors with wood frames covered in opaque paper. As they approached it, the rotten smell became almost unbearable. They braced themselves and then opened the sliding doors. Inside they saw six large to Tommy mats made of thick woven straw covering the floor. Traditionally, shoes and socks would be removed before stepping on these mats, but the officers just quickly walked into the room because they were sure that whatever they were looking for was somewhere inside of here. The rotten smell seemed to be coming from somewhere below them. So one of the officers crouched down, held his breath, grabbed the edge of the mat in the center of the room, and started to pull.


And as the mat slid away, darkness opened up beneath it, and the officer shouted to his partner to come look under the mat. There was a hole in the floor, and when the officers peered down inside of it, what they saw made them want to run outta the room and vomit because at the bottom of that hole, partially encased in cement were three naked decomposing bodies. These officers quickly alerted Officer Sdo, and it didn't take long for Saddo to discover that these three new victims shared a common link with his original victim, Kazuko O. This link was a person who they were all very close to.


It would turn out all four of these victims had been the victims of the Yakuza. There was a ruthless Yakuza leader who had overseen all of their murders, but Sada would soon learn that these murders were just the tip of the iceberg. This particular gang leader had overseen the murder of multiple entire families over the last 25 years based on evidence discovered at several crime scenes, and from interviews conducted over the course of a year. The following is a reconstruction of what police believe happened to Kazuko o.


On the night of September 11th, 2011, two months before Kao's Body would be found, the ruthless Yakuza leader reclined on a luxurious couch in a room filled with high-end furniture and artwork. The leader checked the time and then picked up a phone and made a call. One of the killers answered, and without hesitating, the leader told the killer. Now then the leader hung up, tossed the phone on the couch, and calmly waited. Not long after that, the two killers stood outside of Kao's bedroom where she was fast asleep. After a minute, they signaled to each other that they were ready. Then they opened the door and rushed Kao's bed and lept on top of her kazuko woke up to the sight of fists flying at her face.


She tried to fight off the killers, but they had her pinned down and each punch left her dazed and writhing in pain. She tried to cry out, but she was too weak. The killers brushed away Kao's arms as she tried desperately to protect herself, and they kept on pounding her in the face, the neck, and the head until Kazuo just stopped fighting back. When Kazuo went still and the killers realized she was dead, they climbed off the bed and backed out of the room. Back in the front room, one of the killers called the leader to say the job was done. But the leader just laughed and told the killers to stay right there because the job was not in fact done.


The killers did exactly what they were told. They always did exactly what they were told. They stood there in complete silence waiting. Finally, the front door opened and the ruthless Yakuza leader walked into the condominium. The killers led the leader into Kao's bedroom. The leader stared at Kao's body and then barked for the killers to move her to the bathtub and cover her with ice. The killer's obeyed, and once KACO's body lay under a blanket of ice, the leader brought the killers back to the front room. There the leader told them to write a suicide note and to make sure the note included Kao's last wishes that Kazuko wanted to leave all of her money, her possessions and property to the Yakuza leader.


The leader then told the killers that the last thing they would have to do was secure a metal drum so that other members of the gang could transport the drum with Kao's body inside to a warehouse. The killers nodded silently. Once the plan was set, the leader smiled at the killers and then turned around and walked back outside and went right back next door to the condominium where they lived and went back to relaxing on the couch. The ruthless Yakuza leader who had ordered the brutal murder of Kazuko O and who had presided for more than two decades over a secret and twisted reign of terror, was literally the last person, saddo or anyone else had expected when this investigation began.


Because the leader didn't look like some hardened criminal who could rule people through physical intimidation. Instead, she looked like a kind old woman. Her name was Miko Sumita. She was the 63-year-old woman who had rushed to the police to tell them that her neighbor Kayo had gone missing, and she was so upset about it. But to just call Miko a Yakuza leader would be a huge understatement. Miko was more like a serial killer and a cult leader. Over the course of their investigation, Sado and his team discovered that KO's introduction to cruelty and brutality had come at a very young age.


She grew up in Amiga, Saki during the chaos of post World War II Japan when the country was trying to recover from the devastation of the war. During that time, certain areas of the country bordered on lawlessness and KO's father had taken full advantage of that. KO's father had been a very successful contractor who brought in North Korean laborers to work for him. He let those workers live in his home and eat his food, but he also beat those workers every day, took 40% of their wages and threatened to kill them if they didn't do exactly as he asked. And so over time, out of fear and desperation, these men became completely obedient to KO's father and Miko had watched all of this very closely and even had begun to study her father's methods.


Then in her twenties, miko herself entered into a life of crime using a lot of what she had learned from her father. Her first major foray into the criminal world had been to buy one of those bars with the bright pink lights on the cdy side of the city that offered customers the opportunity to pay for sex that had allowed Miko to meet members of the local Yakuzas and to familiarize herself with their tactics. When she was ready, she sold the bar and assembled a gang of her own. She recruited family, friends, and other people. She trusted Miko set out to get as much money and power as she possibly could, and using threats of violence from her gang played a role in her plans.


But Miko went far beyond typical Yakuza violence to get what she wanted because just like her father, Miko understood that fear alone was not enough to own people, her victims, they had to need her in a way. Miko made her victims love her to do this. She targeted families that owned property or businesses. She infiltrated those families by offering things like financial assistance to help their businesses grow. And at first, people viewed her as a generous benefactor, a kind wealthy woman who just wanted to help others succeed. But once Miko gained a family's trust, she used what some might call mind control to gain power over them.


She would start by turning members of the family against each other, causing problems in their house or in their business, and then blaming those problems on one specific family member. And through her financial assistance, miko would start to make that family feel dependent on her to survive, just like her father had done with the laborers. And Miko would also use her money as a way to get family members to do favors for her. These favors started out small and got bigger over time. And slowly the family would grow more and more obedient. And while all this was happening, miko would start to make rules about when a family could eat, when they could sleep, who they could talk to, and when they could go outside.


And if any of them pushed back, Miko would order her gang to inflict serious physical harm on them. So using these methods, MKO was able to completely break people down mentally and physically, to the point where entire families were terrified of her and also simultaneously completely loyal to her. And it would turn out Mko had used these methods to infiltrate Kao's family. That's how she got Kao's own daughter, Kai and other family members to publicly beat Kazuko like that young couple had witnessed in the park. But KO's demands did not stop with forced beatings. Her ultimate goal was to take everything that family had, their money, their property, their assets, all of it.


And for that to happen, kazuko would have to die and then give everything to Miko in her will. But Miko did not want blood on her own hands. This was the horrifying truth that Sado and his investigators discovered at the heart of this case, MKO and the members of her gang did not physically murder Kazuko. Instead, at KO's command, Kai and her sister beat their own mother to death In manipulating KACO's daughters into murdering her and then willing over all her assets. Miko had imposed her brutal will like she had done without consequence for years.


But what she hadn't counted on this time was Kai's reaction because Miko may have thought that she had Kai completely under her control, like she had everyone else, but she was wrong. A tiny part of who Kai was before Miko came into her life, had survived. After Kai had murdered her own mother, she felt instant regret, and she couldn't contain it. Now, Miko had noticed Kai's emotional turmoil, and she knew it posed a risk to her. So on October 30th, 2011, Miko had left. Kai tied up and locked in a car alone, debating what she should do with her. But Kai had managed to escape, and that's when she fled to Osaka and began living under a different name.


When Miko realized that Kai was gone, she ran to the police station and played the hysterical, desperate old woman, just trying to find someone she loved. She knew the police would immediately believe her, and she was right. And when the police found Kai, she refused to tell them anything. Remember, she was terrified of Miko, but she was also guilty of her own mother's murder. How could she possibly explain her situation to the police? So she just came home. And so by the time Saddo visited the OF family condo, Kai had been locked inside of her bedroom starved and was getting beaten by her own family ever since her return. And Kai almost certainly would've suffered the same fate as her mother.


If that work crew in the old abandoned warehouse hadn't gotten curious about the unmarked drum mixed in with the rest of their cargo, It would turn out that over the course of 25 years, Miko had infiltrated and destroyed at least five families, including the family that was found under the floor. And each time Miko had manipulated members of those families to kill each other or to kill themselves. In the end, police charged Miko with eight murders, but they were only able to recover six bodies. And there are a lot of people who believe that Miko has been involved in even more murders. Kai and her sister were ultimately treated as victims in KO's crimes, and they were not charged in their mother's murder.


In December of 2012, while in prison, Miko strangled herself with her own clothes and died in her cell after her death. Miko would come to be known in Japan by names like the Killer Grandma, piranha and the Demon. But to this day, some people refuse to believe that Miko is actually dead. They argue that she simply used her powers of manipulation to fake her own death and escape from prison. A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved, and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes.


Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts. There's this one, of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories run full REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts. To watch hundreds more stories just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see you.


Hey, Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.