
Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download. the Amazon music app today,


On, the day after Thanksgiving. in 1998, a police officer responded to a 9 1 1 call at an apartment in a Florida beach town. However, the 9 1 1 call had been vague, so the officer didn't really know if he was responding to an accident, a break in or something else. He knocked on the front door and nobody answered. He tried the doorknob, but it was locked. So. the officer walked around the outside of the apartment and he found an open window that led into the kitchen. The officer climbed in the window and then made his way through the apartment. And. At first, everything looked totally normal, But. then he came to a door at the end of a hallway, then was slightly cracked. Open The officer opened the door, stepped inside. And, could not believe what he saw.


But, before we get into that story, if you're a fan of The, Strange, Dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast, because that's s all we do. And. we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday So. If that's of interest to you, please sneak into the follow button's. Bathroom. While they're sleeping. And replace their toothpaste with super glue Okay. Let's get into today's story.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, or expert advice, You can be inspired to imagine new worlds And, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love, And. Discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audiobooks, And, originals. then members can listen to all then want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired. And entertained as part of your daily routine without setting aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. A title I can't recommend Enough is the only one left by RI Sager. you know I love a good plot Twist And. This one has like five And then are all excellent. The ending of the book is sort of chaotic, And packed But. if you stick it out the last two pages really pull the entire story together. It's awesome. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, And new releases. New members can try Audible free For 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash ballin or text Bain to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash ballin. Or text ballin to 5 0 0 5 0 0. To try Audible free For 30 days Audible dot com slash ballin.


Wanna know one of my favorite sounds? Here it is. That's the sound I hear when I'm learning a new language with Babbel And. if you want to learn a new language this year, I guarantee it'll be one of your favorite sounds too. Babel's tips. And tools are approachable, accessible, rooted in real life situations. And delivered with conversation-based teaching. So you're ready to practice what you've learned in the real world. you get unlimited access to hundreds of award-winning lessons designed For, all learners based on level And time commitment, babel's, quick 10 minute lessons are developed by over 200 expert linguists to help you start speaking a new language in as little as three weeks. Plus, all of Babel's 14 award-winning language courses are backed by their 20 day money back guarantee. Babbel has over 16 million subscriptions sold And. Make no mistake, Babel's, not just a game to occupy your time. And make you feel like you're learning a language. you really are learning a language. Also, it's not overly academic. And rigid. It's not always easy. But. It is simple. Here is a special limited time deal. For, our listeners right now. Get up to 60% off your Babbel subscription But only For, our listeners at Babbel dot com slash ballen. Get up to 60% off at Babbel dot com slash ballen. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/ballen Rules And restrictions may apply.


On the evening of November 27th, 1998, 25-year-old Cory Parker pulled a pie out of the oven in the kitchen of her first floor apartment in Jacksonville Beach, Florida. She put the pie down on the counter near the open kitchen window to help it. Cool. This pie was one of a few. then Cory had made in preparation, For Thanksgiving, which was the following day. Cory had always loved Thanksgiving But. She was really looking forward to the holiday this year. A few months earlier, she had moved from Rochester, New York to Jacksonville Beach. So this was the first time she had lived on her own And. The first time she was going to celebrate what she called Friendsgiving Cory And. A bunch of others who weren't spending the holiday with family were all making different Thanksgiving foods. And getting together at a friend's house.


On the holiday, Cory cleaned up the small mess she'd made while baking all day. She walked through the apartment to the bathroom in his, took a shower. After her shower, Cory did her makeup, And her hair, And then went to her bedroom closet. She scanned the clothes. then were hanging up in his, grabbed a pair of black pants, And, a blue velvet tank top. then she picked up her favorite pair of black high heels, stepped into her room. And got dressed. She walked through the apartment, grabbed her keys off the coffee table. And headed outside. Cory locked the door behind her. And then walked down a sidewalk that led past several small apartment buildings just like hers. Each of the buildings looked like an old house that had a few apartments in it. Cory loved this spot in the small beach town where she lived, because this was the first place where she felt like she was truly independent.


But. She also loved it because the apartments close to hers were home to a lot of other young people. And tonight, Cory saw a bunch of them hanging out outside. She saw people drinking beer, And smoking in front of their apartments. Her teenage neighbor from the building behind hers was listening to music on a second floor balcony, And. Others were walking to their cars to go out For the night. Corey could also see people who had spent the day drinking at the nearby beach, laughing, And, stumbling down the street. then ran in front of the apartment buildings. The noise, And near constant activity around the apartments drove some people crazy. But Cory liked it when there were a lot of people around. She thought it was fun, But. It also made her feel safe to know that she was not out there by herself at night, because recently some of the women who lived nearby had caught a peeping Tom watching them through their windows.


None of the women had gotten a really good look at him. But then thought he looked like a middle-aged man. And. then there was a good chance he lived in one of the apartments, But. Tonight. There were plenty of people out, so Cory didn't worry about some Strange man creeping around the apartments trying to spy on young women. Cory stepped off the sidewalk. And crossed a small patch of grass to where her car was parked on the street. She got in, started the car, cranked up her stereo, And sped off down the street. She drove For a few blocks. And pulled onto a road, then ran alongside the beach. And was lined with bars, And, restaurants. This was the town's main drag, and it was already packed with cars, And people. Jacksonville Beach was a resort town, then hosted a lot of tourists who came to spend time at the beach, And to enjoy themselves at all these touristy bars, And restaurants down by the water.


Cory worked as a waitress at one of those kinds of restaurants in his. Enjoyed it. It was exciting getting to meet And, talk to people from all over the place. But, when Cory And, her friends went out. then preferred to go to places where the locals hung out. So Cory pulled off the main drag onto a side street And. A couple of minutes later, she saw the big lit up sign, For, her favorite bar, And lounge, called the Ritz. Cory pulled into the Ritz's parking lot, checked her makeup in the rear view mirror. And then got out of her car as she walked across the parking lot. She could already hear the live music blaring inside. Cory showed her ID to the bouncer at the door, And. then she stepped inside the club And. As soon as she did. It was almost like the whole place started moving in slow motion or something.


Because when Cory walked inside, almost everybody turned to look at her. Cory was five foot, 11 inches tall, And in her heels. She stood well over six feet tall. She was beautiful with long brown hair, And. A lot of people who met her, especially when she was dressed up, For a night out, just assumed she was a model or an actress. Cory didn't mind the attention. But. Recently she'd started dating a new guy and it was getting pretty serious. So she wasn't at the club to meet anyone new. She was there to spend time with one of her best friends, And, just to have a good time. Just then, Cory heard a loud scream over the music coming from somewhere behind her. She turned And. Her face lit up. One of Cory's best friends, Tiffany Xta ran over, wrapped her arms around Cory's waist.


And gave her a big hug. then the two women made their way to the bar. And ordered some drinks. And while then waited, then talked about their plans. For Thanksgiving. And Cory said how excited she was. For Friendsgiving, Tiffany said she was a bit jealous. She was spending the holiday with her parents, which was Okay. But. Spending time with Cory And. Other people at their age sounded way more fun. The bartender came over. And handed Cory And. Tiffany, their drinks. The two women raised their glasses down the drinks. And cheered on the band playing At 1:30 AM on November 28th. So a few hours after Cory had arrived at the Ritz, she got into her car. And started driving home. She knew she had a big day ahead of her, so she had kept her drinking to a minimum.


That's why she had passed. When Tiffany had asked her to stay out a bit later, And go bar hopping with them before heading home. For the night Tiffany was bummed. But. Cory knew she did not wanna be completely exhausted. For Thanksgiving. Cory drove down the street in front of her building, parked her car. And stepped outside. She walked down the sidewalk to her apartment And as she did. She felt herself tense up a bit. It was a lot quieter than it had been. When she left And, nobody else seemed to be around. Cory approached her apartment in his, saw a few people out on their balconies in the buildings next to hers. And behind hers, And. This made her relax a bit. She unlocked her front door, went inside And, locked the door behind her. then she dropped her keys on the coffee table.


And went to her bedroom. She slipped off her heels. And tossed the shoes, And her purse onto the floor. And. then she got undressed, climbed into bed. And fell asleep pretty quickly. But just a little later. Cory woke up, startled. It was Dark in his was disoriented But. She thought she heard someone breathing At 11:00 AM on November 29th. So the day after Thanksgiving, a cook at a Jacksonville Beach restaurant prepped his station in the kitchen getting ready, For the lunchtime rush. The cook glanced at his watch. And stopped what he was doing. He walked outta the kitchen. And scanned the restaurant floor. And. He got worried when he didn't see Corey, the cook And.


Corey not only worked together, But then were also friends, And. So then would let each other know if then were going to miss a shift. So the cook quickly met with some of the waiters, And, other kitchen staff, to see if any of them had seen or heard from Corey this morning. But, none of them had And. One of the waitresses said she was really concerned because she had called Corey the day before when she had heard from a mutual friend. then Corey had not shown up. For Friendsgiving, the restaurant manager came over And. He said he was worried too. He tried calling Cory a couple of times this morning. And hadn't heard back, and it was not like her to just blow off a shift without calling in. the manager asked the cook if he knew where Cory lived. The cook said he did. So the manager asked him to go by Cory's place to check on her And, make sure she was Okay.


The cook. Took off his apron. And then walked out to his car. And sped out of the parking lot. A few minutes later, he arrived at Cory's apartment. He went up to the front door. And knocked But. nobody answered. He knocked again. But. It didn't sound like anybody was inside the apartment. And. So the cook walked around the apartment to the back. And, he found Cory's bedroom window. He looked inside And. He could see part of CO's room through a small opening in the blinds. He thought he saw Cory, or at least her legs, lying in her bed. He knocked on the glass. And waited, But. He didn't see any movement inside. So he pressed his face right up against the window to get a better look. And.


Immediately he felt his heart start to race. He turned away from the window. And ran as fast as he could back to his car. And sped back to the restaurant. The cook ran inside And, the manager And. The other staff members could tell something was obviously wrong. But the cook didn't even say a word. Instead, he ran to the front counter, grabbed the phone. And dialed nine one one. A few minutes later, two Jacksonville beach police officers arrived at Cory's apartment. The call then had gotten from dispatch had been kind of vague because the young man who had called 9 1 1 said he really hadn't seen much. Apparently, he'd looked through a small opening in the window, blinds And.


He thought he saw his friend laying in bed, And. He thought he saw blood on her foot. So the officers didn't really know if then were dealing with a potential accident, a violent crime, or if the caller had just panicked. And dialed 9 1 1 without really even seeing anything And. So the officers walked up to CO's front door. And then knocked But. nobody answered one of them. Tried the doorknob, but it was locked. So then walked around the side of the apartment. And then saw then the kitchen window was open. One of the officers told his partner to wait right there by the side of the house, And. He said he would check out the apartment. then he put on a pair of gloves, opened up the window a bit more And, then climbed through the opening into the kitchen. Once inside the apartment, the officer called out.


And introduced himself as a police officer in case anyone was home. But. Nobody responded. It was totally silent, And. So he began looking around the kitchen. But. There was nothing there. then looked Strange. There was no sign of a robbery or a struggle And. then also, he checked the front room of the apartment And. There also was nothing there, And. So he walked to the back of the apartment where Cory's bedroom was. The officer got to the bedroom door. And. He saw it was slightly cracked open before opening it. He called out one more time, not wanting to frighten anybody if then were sleeping in the room. But, there still wasn't any response. And. So the officer opened the bedroom door, looked into the room. And was absolutely horrified by what he found.


Minutes later, detectives, Katie Kingston And, Billy Carlisle arrived at Cory's apartment. then were followed by several uniform police officers, And a forensics team. Kingston And. Carlisle ducked under the crime scene Tape, then had been strung up across CO's front door. then walked inside. And quickly found their way to the bedroom. The detective stepped into the room. And immediately then felt just as shocked as the officer who had first arrived on scene. A young woman lay in bed, propped up against the headboard. She was completely naked, And. Her whole body was covered in blood And. There was so much blood spatter on the wall behind the bed. then it looked like someone had thrown a bucket of red paint against the wall.


As Detective Kingston walked closer to the bed, she could barely wrap her mind around what she was looking at. This poor young woman had sustained an unthinkable number of stab wounds. Then Kingston noticed something laying on the bed next to Cory. Now, at first, it just looked like another bloodstain. But. Kingston leaned down. And saw then it was actually a pair of bloody women's underwear. Kingston heard her name in his turned to see Carlisle crouched over looking at something on the floor near the bed. She went over to him. in his saw, he had found a gold cigarette lighter. The detectives walked the rest of the room, But, other than the lighter And, the underwear, nothing really jumped out at them. then saw some clothes, And shoes on the floor.


But then were not drenched in blood like the underwear. The detectives also found a purse in the bedroom with a driver's license inside And. So then were able to officially identify the victim as Cory Parker, Kingston And. Carlisle stepped aside. And let a couple of forensics officers get to work in the bedroom. The forensics officers were able to take multiple blood samples. But, the investigators realized there was a chance. then all this blood was the victims, not the killers. then one of the forensics officers looked more closely at Cory's body And. He said the medical examiner would have to weigh in But. He didn't see any signs of sexual assault. And. So Kingston, And, Carlisle, theorized. then, you know, maybe Cory had just gone to bed naked, or maybe the killer had stripped off her underwear either during the attack or afterwards.


For. Some unknown reason. The forensics officer motioned For the two detectives to look And when then leaned down, then saw a strand of hair on CO's underwear, and it definitely did not match CO's And. So the detectives believed that, you know, given the location of this piece of hair on her underwear, And, the insane level of violence inflicted on Corey meant then were most likely looking For a current or former intimate partner.


MrBallen And collection is sponsored by BetterHelp. if you could learn something new, something you've always been curious about, or a new skill you've always wanted to master, what would it be? As a kid, I feel like I was always asking a ton of questions, always trying new things. But, I kind of lost then as I grew up, kids are always learning And, growing But. As adults, sometimes we lose our curiosity. Whether you want to learn a new hobby, a new language, or how to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can actually help you reconnect with your childhood sense of Wondery And. If you're thinking of giving therapy a shot, try BetterHelp. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, And suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And, you can switch therapists at any time. For, no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash MrBallen And pod to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ MrBallen. And pod.


No wifi, no problem. Solitaire Grand Harvest is my go-to offline car game. Dive into the challenging world of Solitaire Grand Harvest with Sarah Jessica Parker, strategize your next move. Clear the deck. And, immerse yourself in this modern twist on a classic game. Are you ready to crack the cards? And embark on a journey of endless fun. Oh, And, it's free. No strings attached. Don't miss out download now. And. Start your solitaire Grand Harvest adventure available on Google Play. And the app store.


Throughout the afternoon, the investigative team searched the apartment, And, the surrounding area. And. The detectives caught something. then the first officers on the scene had missed. There were drops of blood on the kitchen, counter And on the outside kitchen window sill. The officers then arrived. First had told Kingston, And, Carlisle. then the kitchen window had been open. When then got there. That's how then got inside And. So the detectives imagined then this is where the killer must have entered. And exited the apartment And. So then hoped. then the blood on the counter And. The window sill belonged to the killer. The forensics team took blood samples from both of those spots. And prepped them to be sent to the lab along with the blood samples from the bedroom, And, the strand of hair they'd found on the underwear.


In 1998, DNA testing was starting to evolve. But. the process was still slow and it was not always as effective as it is today. So Kingston, And, Carlisle knew then could be waiting a while, For any test results. And that those results might not tell them anything. In the meantime, then wanted to speak to people who might have seen something then night or who knew Corey well. then afternoon, the detectives canvased the apartment buildings nearby. And. Several people who had been on their balconies or in front of their apartments, thought then had seen Corey leaving her apartment the night before Thanksgiving. And, none of them had seen or heard anything Strange in that area over the past two days. One neighbor also said she had met Cory's new boyfriend in his.


Provided enough information that an officer back at the station was able about quickly track him down, and it turned out the boyfriend was away visiting his family. For Thanksgiving. And, the officer was able to find proof. then he had taken a flight days before Corey was killed. So detectives, Carlisle, And Kingston did not consider the boyfriend a prime suspect. But. Corey could have been seeing someone else, or she could have had ex lovers who were jealous about her new relationship. So after getting confirmation about the boyfriend's alibi, Kingston And Carlisle got in their car. And drove a few blocks away to the restaurant where Cory had worked, hoping one of her coworkers might have additional information about Cory's personal life. then walked in And.


The whole place felt like something heavy was hanging over it. The staff were going about their jobs. But, it was obvious. then were all waiting For news on their friend Cory Kingston. And. Carlisle pulled the manager into the kitchen. And the manager quickly waved over the cook who had called 9 1 1. Then the detectives told them that Cory had unfortunately been found dead inside of her apartment. The cook immediately started crying. And, the manager closed his eyes. And tried to fight back tears. Kingston told them the police would need to talk to everybody at the restaurant. Who knew Corey But. For now then wanted to know if there was somebody working there who might have had an intimate relationship with Cory, a boyfriend or even a casual fling.


the manager, And the cook, looked at each other like then were thinking the same thing the cook said. Corey was not actively seeing anybody from the restaurant. But. There was a dishwasher who worked there named Eric Ely, who wished he had a relationship with Corey. Detective Carlisle asked if he meant. then this guy, Eric had a crush on Corey But. the cook just shook his head. And told the detectives then Eric did not just have a crush on Corey. He was completely obsessed with her. The following day, detectives Kingston And Carlisle, sat in an interview room waiting. For the dishwasher, And Eric Eley to arrive. Eric had not been at the restaurant the previous day when the detectives were there. But then had spoken to several other staff members about him.


And. Almost all of the women then spoke to at the restaurant, said the same thing. Eric was a total creep And. He harassed Corey way more than he harassed anybody else. An officer led Eric into the interview room. And, he took a seat across from the detectives. Eric was in his twenties. He had long light brown hair, And. As he sat down, he smiled at the detectives. Eric already knew then Corey had been killed. And. So Kingston didn't waste any time with pleasantries. She wanted to press Eric right from the start. She leaned across the table. And asked Eric pointblank, If. That was true. then he was obsessed with Corey. Eric smiled a bit wider. And said maybe he was a little obsessed But. Kingston immediately went after him.


She said police knew he was more than just a little obsessed. then knew that he had asked Corey on multiple occasions to spend Thanksgiving alone with him. And. then, even after she turned him down, every time Eric had made a huge Thanksgiving feast, And then planned to try to guilt her into coming to his apartment. The smile on Eric's face disappeared. He looked at Kingston. And admitted then. He was completely obsessed with co But. He said he just wanted to spend time with her. He would never hurt her But. then Eric said something, then took the detectives by complete surprise. He asked them how Corey was killed without missing a beat. Carlisle asked Eric how he thought Corey might have been killed. And. Eric immediately got this look on his face like he was having a daydream or something.


And. then he said he thought the killer probably attacked Cory while she was tired or sleeping. And stabbed her. The detectives both looked stunned. Eric had just described, at least in a general way, how Cory had actually been murdered. So Kingston said it sounded like Eric knew a lot about the murder. And what Eric said next, stunned the detectives even more. Eric smiled again. And told them. then maybe he knew how the killer did it because he had fantasized about doing the same things. Kingston asked in a calm voice, what kind of fantasies Eric had. And Eric said. Sometimes he fantasized about raping And, murdering women But. Before the detectives could even react, Eric said those were just fantasies.


He never acted on them. And. He never hurt. Corey Kingston. And Carlisle talked to Eric For a while longer. And then, then ended the interview, then told him he could go. But then made it clear he should not leave town. An officer came in. And escorted Eric out of the interview room. And. For a second. Kingston And. Carlisle just sat there without talking. Neither of them had ever had an interview go like this. They'd never seen anyone discuss their secret desire to rape, And, kill so easily, especially when then were claiming then didn't do anything. There was no question in their minds. then Eric was their best lead by far. But then also knew then. then couldn't arrest him just because he had Dark And violent thoughts. So then just hoped when the DNA results came in, then would have a clearer idea if Eric was the killer.


But. In the meantime, then wanted to get a better idea of Cory's last few hours alive. So then talked to some of her friends. And eventually tracked down Tiffany Xta, Cory's friend, who had been at the Ritz with her on the night before Thanksgiving. And, as far as police knew, was the last person to see Cory alive. In the week following Cory's murder, Kingston And. Carlisle sat down with Tiffany in the same interview room where then had met with Eric But. the situation was a lot more relaxed. And, the detectives told Tiffany then were just trying to get a better picture of Cory's movements. On the night before Thanksgiving. Tiffany told them she had met Cory at the club. And said, then went there together a lot, And then without any prompting, Tiffany started talking about how beautiful Corey was.


And, what an amazing person she was. And how being around her was just different than being around other people. The detective smiled, nodded, And listened, But. Both of them thought the same thing. It was completely normal. For someone to talk about how great And, how pretty one of their friends was But something in the way Tiffany spoke about. Corey felt different than then. So when Tiffany stopped talking, Kingston asked if she And. Corey had been more than just friends. Did then ever have an intimate relationship? But Tiffany shook her head. And almost laughed, she said No, she And. Corey were just really good friends. then. Had a lot in common. And then loved hanging out together. then Kingston asked when Tiffany had last seen Corey at this. Tiffany lowered her head and it was clear she was starting to cry.


She said. then left the club sometime around 1:30 AM in his. Asked Cory to go have some late night drinks with her And. A few other friends, But Cory had said she just wanted to go home. Tiffany said she called Cory around 2:15 AM just to make sure she had gotten home safely. But, nobody answered. Tiffany figured Cory had already gone to bed. And. So that's why she didn't try calling back again. The detectives thanked Tiffany For coming in. And told her then would follow up with her soon. Tiffany said she would do everything she could to help And. then she left But. In the days following the interview, the detectives worked with the phone company. And retrieved all of Cory's recent phone records. And, despite what Tiffany had said, there was no record of her calling Cory at 2:15 AM or anytime after they supposedly left the club.


And so after finding that out, Kingston and Carlisle wanted to speak to Tiffany again right away. But when they called Tiffany, they discovered she had left town. And soon after that, they were told by the lawyer she'd just hired that Tiffany would no longer help with their investigation. Detectives Kingston and Carlisle spent the next few weeks pursuing any lead that might provide more information on the obsessed dishwasher, Eric or on Corey's friend Tiffany. And they had conversations with a lot of different people that made both of their suspects seem totally viable.


But. the detectives still did not have any concrete evidence linking either suspect to the crime scene or to Cory's murder. Then Kingston and Carlisle finally got the test results back that they had been waiting for from the crime lab. And these tests showed that DNA from the hair found on CO's underwear and from the blood on the kitchen counter and the outside kitchen window sill belonged to the same person. And that person was not. Corey But. the DNA did not match any samples the crime lab had on file or any samples that had been entered into the FBI's national DNA database. So this meant the police had proof that another person had been in Corey's apartment on the night she was killed, but they had no idea who that person was.


Still, Kingston and Carlisle thought they were getting close to finding the killer. And after several more interviews, they believed they had zeroed in on one particular suspect and that they had enough proof to arrest someone. However, the district attorney did not agree. He told them that without proof of who the DNA found in the house belonged to or some other smoking gun, this case would never hold up in court. This news from the district attorney felt like a gut punch to Kingston and Carlisle. And no matter who they talked to or what information they got, they could not find the type of evidence that would enable them to make an arrest. And so the investigation started to slow down and Kingston and Carlisle started to run out of options.


The case remained open, but it was no longer the department's top priority and Kingston and Carlisle had to focus on other work. In late May of 2000, about 18 months after Cory's murder, a man named William Rensler sat on the dock of a lake near Jacksonville Beach, fishing with two of his friends. Rensler referred to himself as a fugitive specialist, but most people called him a bounty hunter. Rensler had tracked down criminals and bail jumpers, and he was skilled at finding people who had seemingly disappeared. Recently, Jacksonville Beach Police had put up a reward of $20,000 for anyone who could provide information that would lead to an arrest in Cory's murder.


And once Rensler started looking into the past investigation, he became confident he could close the case. Bring Cory's family some peace And, collect the reward money. Rensler laid his fishing rod down on the dock. He grabbed a beer from a cooler sitting next to him, he cracked it open. And then pulled out a thick file folder from his leather bag. He sipped from his beer. And started looking over his notes on Corey's murder. Reser's. Two friends, like everybody in town, knew about the case. then took a seat next to Reser on the dock. then each grabbed a beer too. And asked him how it was going. Was he close to finding the killer? Reser said he had interviewed a bunch of people connected to the case But. There was one person he really wanted to talk to, then he just couldn't find.


He pointed to this person's name in his notes, And. Both of his friends almost spit out their drinks. Rensler asked what was going on. And, his friend said. then both knew the person he was looking For because then had worked with them at a restaurant. And then told Reser, there was something really weird about this person. Oh, Reser's friends said this person had come into the restaurant one day, And said, then had to quit And leave town immediately because their child had tragically died in Texas. Rensler asked, you know what was so weird about that then? Sounded horrible. But, one of his friends said he had gotten to know this person pretty well. And. He was almost positive then. then did not have children. Rensselaer took a swig of his beer. And then asked his friends if then remembered when all this happened.


And, one of them said, you know, this person, he was looking. For had left town around Thanksgiving, about a year And a half ago. Not long after Cory Parker's murder, It would take a couple of months. But Rensler, the fugitive specialist, tracked down this person who had skipped town. Soon after Cory's murder, Rensler had traced their movements to Texas. And then eventually discovered, then had moved to a town in Maryland about 800 miles away from Jacksonville Beach. Once Rensler had this information, he informed detectives Kingston, And. Carlisle, where this possible suspect was now living And. The detectives caught the next flight to Maryland to try to secure a DNA sample On July 26th, 2000.


So 20 months after Corey's murder, Kingston And Carlisle sat in an unmarked car in Easton, Maryland with a local police officer. The detectives were watching the suspect who was smoking a cigarette in a parking lot while on a break from work And Kingston. And. Carlisle could not believe their luck. A discarded cigarette butt was perfect For getting a DNA sample because the suspect spit And saliva would be all over it. And. So then watched their suspect smoke For. Several minutes And when it looked like the cigarette was about to be out, And then might flick it onto the ground. then felt the surge of adrenaline But. then Kingston And Carlisle watched in horror as the suspect carefully put the cigarette out on the ground.


And then slipped the butt behind their ear. The detectives looked at each other. The suspect very likely knew then were being tailed by the police. The suspect turned to walk back into work. But before opening the door. then leaned down a little And spit on the ground. Kingston And. Carlisle practically wanted to start cheering, then waited For the suspect to go inside And. then Carlisle got out of the car, ran across the parking lot, collected the spit off the ground. And ran back to the car. A little bit later, Kingston, Carlisle And, local police officers delivered then sample to the FBI's DNA lab, which is only about 70 miles from where then were And when the FBI conducted their tests.


then were able to match the DNA from the suspect's spit to the DNA samples taken from the hair And blood found in CO's apartment. The fugitive specialist, The Bounty Hunter William Rensler, had indeed led the detectives right to Cory's killer based on DNA testing, crime scene evidence, And interviews conducted throughout the investigation. Here is a reconstruction of what police believe happened to Cory Parker in the early morning hours of November 28th, 1998.


At about 2:00 AM the killer crept towards Cory's apartment trying their best to stay low And out of any lights then were shining from people's porches. And balconies, the killer, made their way around Cory's apartment to the kitchen window, and it was still open. So quietly the killer climbed in through the window, And into the kitchen. The whole apartment was Dark. But the killer, knew their way around well enough. So then walked through the front room, And down a short hallway to Cory's bedroom, then reached the bedroom door and it was cracked open. The killer took a breath. And opened the door just a little more. And stepped into the bedroom, And the light. Coming through the window, the killer could see co sleeping in her bed. And then saw Corey's underwear laying near her leg.


On top of the comforter. The killer got excited. And started breathing heavily. Then suddenly Corey woke up. She heard someone breathing. And saw a shadow near the foot of her bed, But before she could scream the killer lunged at the bed. And ripped the comforter off of co. The killer could see she was naked. And then leapt on top of her, the killer pinned Cory down But. Cory's arms were long in his, was fast in his fought back. The killer didn't see it. But in the struggle. Their gold cigarette lighter tumbled out of their pocket. And onto the floor. Cory slashed her hands. And nails at the killer. And cut into the palm of their hand. And ripped at their hair. then the killer grabbed Cory's head. And slammed it against the headboard with Cory suddenly stunned. And woozy, the killer reached down.


And covered her mouth with one hand. And reached around. And, grabbed the knife out of their pocket with the other. then the killer raised the knife. And Cory put up her arms to try to defend herself. But the killer, just cutted her arms, knocking them out the way. then the killer raised the knife again. And stabbed Cory in the chest. The killer pulled the knife back up. And stabbed her in the chest again. And again. And. Cory's body went limp. And slumped against the headboard. But the killer did not stop. then kept stabbing as blood splashed onto the wall. And ran down Cory's body onto the bed. Finally, the killer did stop. And then looked down at Cory, then had just stabbed her 100 And. One times The killer climbed off the bed, And, staggered back then, could barely think or see straight.


But then made their way outta the bedroom, And through the apartment, then walked into the kitchen, steadied themselves on the counter, For a second. And then, then climbed through the open window, leaving a little bit of blood on the window sill once outside the killer, crouched back down. And rushed through the darkness to the apartment building right behind Cory's. It would turn out the obsessed dishwasher. Eric, who had admitted to having fantasies about rape, And murder, did not kill Cory And. Neither did her close friend Tiffany, who police thought might have been infatuated with Cory. in fact, the killer was not somebody who police had suspected early on. It was a 17-year-old named Robert Denny.


Cory's teenage neighbor who often hung out on a second floor balcony in the apartment building right behind Cory's. Robert was not the peeping Tom who had been spotted in the area But. He did spend a lot of time spying on Corey from his balcony. He could watch her in her apartment or when she went out to sit on her back porch. Police had talked to Robert. When then talked to Corey's other neighbors, But, he didn't seem to know her. And his age played in his favor. Police simply didn't believe. then this crime had been carried out by a teenager. But. When police later discovered then Robert had left town not long after the murder. then did start to reconsider their thoughts about him. And then even wanted to arrest him.


But, the district attorney did not believe then had enough evidence to make the case stick. When the fugitive expert William Rensler learned from his friends, then Robert had given a really bizarre reason, For leaving town. So soon after Cory's murder, Rensler became convinced. then Robert had killed Cory. Soon Rensler tracked Robert down. And told detectives Kingston, And, Carlisle, everything he had learned about the young man And. So the detectives headed to Maryland. And secured the DN. A sample from Robert Spit then matched with the DNA samples found inside of Cory's apartment. In addition to those samples, one of Robert's ex-girlfriends came forward. And told police. then the gold cigarette lighter found in Cory's apartment belonged to Robert And.


Finally, detectives discovered then Robert's own brother was in a Texas prison. For murdering a woman by stabbing her 98 times. And authorities came to believe then by stabbing Corey 101 times. Robert was just trying to outdo his brother. Robert was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. To this day, he maintains his innocence. Thank you, For listening to the Mr Mr Ballin podcast. if you like today's story, And, you're looking For more Strange, Dark, And, mysterious content. Be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts then are this one, of course, the Mr Ballin podcast.


We also have Mr Bain's Medical Mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories. And also run full. To find those other podcasts, all you have to do is search For Ballin Studios wherever you listen to your podcasts. To watch hundreds more stories just like the one you heard today. Head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. Until next time, see you


Hey Prime members You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr Ballin podcast One month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music Download, the Amazon music app today. And, before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of Beloved wife And. Mother But. This tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the Dark web to kill her in his wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, And specific instructions, For people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those who lives were in danger and it turns out convincing. A total Strange someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander Act, or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List And more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early And ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery app. For all your true crime listening.