
Hey Prime members. You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today.


Today's podcast will feature three unbelievable true stories. The audio from all three of these stories has been pulled from our main YouTube channel, and it has been remastered for today's episode. The links to the original YouTube videos are in the description. The first story you'll hear is called Third Eye Witness, and it's about a woman who makes a grim discovery in a remote canyon. The second story you'll hear is called The Burning Question, and it's about a house fire that leaves a mother devastated. And the third and final story you'll hear is called Who Said That? And it's about a car crash rescue that has a wild ending. But before we get into today's stories, if you're a fan of The Strange, dark, and Mysterious delivered in story format, then you've come to the right podcast because that's all we do.


And we upload twice a week, once on Monday and once on Thursday. So if that's of interest to you, the next time you're over at the Amazon Music Follow Button's House, sneak into their closet and replace all of their shoe and souls with pudding skins. Okay, let's get into our first story called Third Eye Witness.


The show is brought to you by progressive fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Audible brings the magical realm of fantasy to life with Quicksilver. By call Hart immerse yourself in this captivating tale where SRIs Fain, a young woman with mysterious powers, faces death himself and finds herself transported to a frozen land of dangerous Faye. When she becomes bound to the enigmatic warrior King Fisher, her world changes forever. With Audible, you can dive into this spell binding adventure and thousands more audio books. Your membership includes one credit each month to use on any title, plus unlimited access to exclusive Audible originals and podcasts. Start your 30 day free trial today at Audible dot com slash Wondery or text Wondery to 500 dash 500. Listen anywhere anytime. Audible dot com slash Wondery terms apply.


On the morning of December 21st, 1980, a woman in her forties walked into a jail cell in Los Angeles, California. Now, in this jail cell already was another inmate. Her name was EDA Louise Smith. She was 32 years old, and at the time she was laying on one of the benches inside of the cell. EDA had actually been in jail for four days leading up to this moment. The police were sure Eda had something to do with the savage murder of a nurse in the area, but they really didn't understand what role she had played. In fact, virtually everything about EDA was very confusing to police. And Eda herself was not really doing herself any favors because she wasn't really explaining how she had the information that she had.


Now, EDA had already gone through a 10 hour long interrogation, which led police nowhere. She had undergone a polygraph test, which didn't lead to any new answers, and she had also undergone a thorough strip search. She had been kept without food for 24 hours. At one point, she had been left in this cold jail cell without shoes for four days, but she just wouldn't crack. She would not confess to playing a role in this murder. And so this was why police on this day had decided to go another route to get information out of eda. That woman in her forties who had just walked into Ed's jail cell, was pretending to be an inmate, but in reality, she was an undercover cop.


And her job was to go into this jail cell, befriend edda, win her trust, and see if maybe then Edda would begin revealing information about what she had done. And so after this undercover cop walked into the jail cell, the jailer shut the door behind them, closing in the undercover cop and eda. And at this point, EDA was woken up by the noise, and she sat up on her bench, and she looked over at the undercover cop and the cop, you know, she was immediately struck by Ed's appearance. Eda did not look like a murderer. She was this little slight totally unthreatening person who really just looked like a suburban mom who maybe had a white collar job, but the undercover cop also knew that appearing to be totally harmless was a great cover for being a murderer.


And so this could all totally be an act. And also to this undercover cop, it just seemed like Edo was way too calm and collected, given her circumstances. She is effectively wanted for murder, and the police are putting so much pressure on her to get her to speak about it. And she's just laying down, sleeping in her cell, making no big deal about it. But the undercover cop maintained a very neutral persona. And she sat down, and at some point she asked eda, you know, Hey, what are you in here for? And Eda, you know, she kind of just looked down and smiled for a second. And then when she looks back up at the undercover cop, she said, you know, you're never gonna believe me. The undercover cop at this said, oh, come on.


How bad could it be? You know, tell me, tell me what's going on here? Why are you in here? And it was at this point that EDA would say something that nearly caused the cop to break character, because eda, she would say, well, I'm pretty sure this is gonna be a movie. Now, the undercover police officer tried to be as neutral as possible as she's hearing this, but in her mind, she's like, okay, well, I clearly just discovered Ed's motive for being involved in this murder. EDA wants to be famous. She wants this made into a movie where she's the star. At the same time, this conversation was happening in an office within the jailhouse. A police captain was listening in on the conversation between EDA and this undercover cop.


And when he listened to EDA talk about wanting to turn her story into a movie, he just shook his head in disgust because EDA had just brought police to the location of the body of 31-year-old Melanie Uribe, a local nurse who was robbed and savagely beaten to death, and then dumped in a canyon behind a bush. And now here, EDA was talking about how she could get publicity around this terrible, horrible crime. It just did not sit right with the captain. And so as the captain was sitting there kind of watching this conversation transpire between the undercover cop and eda, the captain was beginning to form a theory of what actually happened to Melanie Uribe and how Eda played a role in her murder.


His theory went like this. Six days earlier, the victim, Melanie Uribe had left for her shift at the hospital in Burbank, California, which is the suburb of Los Angeles. But she had never arrived for her shift. And so when her colleagues had noticed her absence, eventually the police were called and a search was launched to find her. But after 48 hours, the police had not found Melanie, and there were no signs as to what happened to her. She had just vanished. And it was at that point, two days after Melanie had gone missing, that EDA just showed up at the police station and said she knew where Melanie was. And so the detective who was talking to EDA at the time when she came in and said this, he brought out a map and he said, okay, point to where she is.


And EDA had immediately pointed to this area on the map called Lopez Canyon, which was about 25 miles away from Los Angeles. And she would tell the detective that, yeah, Melanie is somewhere right in there. When the detective asked eda, you know, how do you know this? EDA would say, she just knew. And then when the detective followed up and said, you know, eda, this is pretty incriminating that you're telling me you know where someone's body is, you know, what's motivating you to come and say this to me? And EDTA would say that her conscience was weighing on her terribly, and she just had to go to police. Now, the detective who talked to EDTA when she first came into the police station really didn't know what to make of eda because she looked so unthreatening.


And what she was saying, you know, she was saying with a lot of confidence, and it seemed like she was really eager to help the investigation versus just clearing her conscience, which is kind of what she said she was doing. And when the detective looked into who EDA was, he discovered that she had a great job. She worked at an aerospace company in Burbank, California, and she even had governmental clearance. And so this woman clearly has been vetted by the government and by high level companies, and she's passed the tests. But at the same time, the detective knew there was no good reason for why EDA would have this information, the location of a dead body. I mean, either she's just wrong and there is no body there, or if the body's there, the most likely scenario is that EDA was involved in killing this person or disposing of their body, or maybe both.


So the detective said to eda, you know, Hey, come back tomorrow and we'll take a police helicopter. We'll fly out over that canyon and we'll see if we can find Melanie's body together. And so EDA said, okay, sounds good. She turned and she left. But then just an hour later, EDA came back into the police station with her two young kids in the car, and she would tell that detective that she actually just drove out with her kids to that canyon and had found Melanie's body. In fact, she told the detective that her 7-year-old child who was in the car right now had been the one to actually find Melanie's body. The detective could not believe this woman.


One had gone out by herself to do this, but two had brought along her kids as well, like, what's going on with this person? But regardless of how weird this was, the detective immediately rounded up some backup. And with Edna's help, they went out to a particular spot in this canyon. And sure enough, when they got out there right in the spot where EDA said it would be, was Melanie's badly beaten body. And so it was at this point that the police captain had grabbed EDA and said, you are under arrest. I'm putting you in a cell, because there's no way you could have known about this unless you were somehow involved. The captain thought by putting EDA in jail for a couple of days, you know, she'd get scared and start talking.


But four days had gone by and EDA had not cracked. She had not given up anything beyond telling the undercover police officer that she thought her story that was kind of still developing would likely be turned into a movie. And so the captain really didn't know what to do because at this point, you know, EDA had not actually committed a crime. It was not a crime to find a dead person's body and report it to the police. And there was no evidence that actually tied Edda to the murder all the police had was the fact that Edda came to them and told them that she knew where the body was, and then they actually found the body. But that's all they had. But the police captain would catch a break on that fourth day because he would receive a phone call that would totally change everything about this case.


Hey guys, Mr. Ballin here. You know how I tell strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories? Well, I've stumbled on some strange, dark and mysterious medical stories that really are just as wild. Like there was a story about this woman who accidentally swallowed something that got lodged in her heart. There was a story about a guy where a tree grew in his lung, or there was a story about this person who their skin turned bright blue, or this town, everybody started laughing uncontrollably. That lasted for months. I mean, the list goes on. And these are not urban legends. These are real mysteries that we dive into that have left doctors and scientists baffled sometimes for years. And so that's why I created Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, a totally separate show, all about these wild mysteries of the human body. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna listen to episodes early and ad free? Well join Wondery Plus or Listen on Amazon Music with Prime.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe with her car, Karen Reed, is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen, I'm Kristin Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance At the truth, I have Nothing to hide. My life is in the balance, and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial exclusively and ad-free on Wondery Plus,


It would turn out on December 17th, 1983, so the same day that EDA would go into the police station to report that she knew where Melanie Reba's body was. Well, on that day, EDA was at work listening to the radio and filing some paperwork. And as EDA listened to the radio, the local newscaster was talking about Melanie Uribe and how she was missing. And the newscaster talked about how police had found her truck, and it was parked on this dead end street. And that police were searching nearby residences to see if maybe they knew what happened to Melanie. But as of right now, there really was no new leads. They did not know where Melanie was. And it was right around this point that Ed's listening to the news about Melanie, that Eda heard a voice in the room she was in, and the voice said very clearly to Eda, she's not in one of those houses.


And Eda immediately when she heard it, she turned around wondering who the heck was in here? You know, who's talking to her? But there was nobody else in the room. And then it was like immediately there were these flashes of images in Ed's brain that she had no idea what they meant, but it was a succession of a dirt road and then a bush, and then something white, a nurse's shoe. And at a very clearly saw these three images, and it was right then that Eda thought, I know where Melanie Uribe is. And so she sat there wondering what to do, and then finally thought, I have to go to police as crazy as this sounds. And so she hopped in the car and she drove to the police station, and she said, I don't know how, but I do know Melanie Uribe is right there in that canyon.


But when the police had said, come back tomorrow and we'll go out and look for her, Edda just couldn't wait. And so she had gone with her kids, driven out to the canyon that she had seen in her mind. And sure enough, when she got out there, she found the dirt road that she had seen. Then she found the bush that she had seen, and then with the help of her kids, they found the white nurse's shoe. And it was right near Melanie's body, which meant that voice that Eda heard and the vision she had had all been real. The phone call that the police captain received on the fourth day that EDA was sitting in jail and talking to the undercover cop. You know, the phone call that changed the whole case? Well, the phone call was from another police officer saying they had just arrested three men who were caught bragging about beating and killing Melanie Uribe, and they had confessed, and they were now being held in jail.


And so clearly Edda did not commit this murder. And so even though it made no sense that she just knew where this body was, the police had to release Edda the same day. So she was released. And then ultimately, the three men who confessed to killing Melanie Uribe, they would be found guilty, and they would each be sentenced to life in prison. Six years later, Edda would sue the police department and she would win the lawsuit because the jury on that case absolutely believed that EDA really did have a psychic vision that led to the discovery of Melanie's body. EDA would never go on to make a movie about her story. And in fact, when she was asked later on about why she said that during her conversations with that undercover cop, EDA would clarify that she didn't say that she wanted to make a movie, but rather she said to the undercover cop, something to the effect of, you know, it feels like I'm living out a bad movie.


And so that was kind of misconstrued by police and to her saying, I want to make a movie about this. She didn't and has never made a movie, and in no way has sought out any fame or recognition for what happened. Our next story is called The Burning Question.


On the afternoon of December 15th, 1997, a brand new mother named Lu Cuevas sat on her couch in her little apartment in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, cradling her beautiful 10 day old baby girl who she had named Della Marvea. And in the room with Lu and her daughter were some members of Lu's extended family who had come over to meet the baby. And so for about an hour, the family all took turns, you know, holding the baby and complimenting how cute her little dimples looked. And then eventually the baby started to get fussy, at which point Lou said she was gonna take her upstairs and put her to bed. And so Lu brought De Lamar upstairs to her nursery, and she put the baby down in her crib, and she stayed with her for a bit until de Lamar finally had kind of dozed off to sleep.


And so after being sure that her daughter wasn't gonna stir her, Lou got up and she began making her way towards the door. And right before she left, she made sure to plug in the space heater for her daughter's room to make sure it would stay warm enough while her daughter slept. And then after that, she left the room, shut the nursery door, and went back downstairs to rejoin her family. Lucy's family didn't stick around much longer after Lu came downstairs and after they were all gone, lu realized she was totally exhausted, and her daughter was still fast asleep upstairs. And so Lu decided she would also lie down and try to take a nap herself. But as soon as she closed her eyes, she heard this loud thud sound coming from the second floor, and it sounded like something really heavy.


It smashed into the ground. And she's thinking, you know, her daughter's up there, could that be her daughter somehow falling out of the crib or something? And so Lou jumped up, sprinted upstairs, and as she looked down the hall, she could clearly see there was black smoke billowing out of her daughter's nursery. And so Luce charges down the hall, she opens up the door, and she looks into her daughter's room, and it's completely engulfed in flames. I mean, everything is on fire, but it's her baby girl in there. And so without any hesitation, Lu charges in to the Inferno. But when she gets up to the crib, like the crib is so completely on fire that when she looks in, she can't even see her daughter. And so in a craze, she begins looking around the room thinking Maybe my daughter did fall out of the crib, and she's somewhere else in the room, but everything is on fire.


She can't see anything. And so as loose is like literally catching on fire and breathing in all the smoke, she's screaming for her daughter. And then a couple of minutes later, firefighters burst into the door and they literally drag loose out of the nursery. She hasn't found her daughter, she's screaming, you know, where's my baby? But the firefighters, they bring her outside, and just a couple of minutes later, they were able to extinguish this blaze. And after they came out of the house again, they found loose who had all these terrible burns in her body, and she's totally messed up from this fire. And they tell her that unfortunately, her daughter was dead After D Lamar's death.


Lu's life completely fell apart. I mean, the grief was so immense. It was like she could no longer function in society. I mean, she actually retracted from the world, stopped interacting with people, didn't see her family. She wound up getting a divorce from her husband, just over the grief and the sadness of losing this child. I mean, it was like her life basically ended when her daughter's life ended. But on top of that, Lu also felt this incredible sense of guilt because after the fire, the investigators told her that the cause of the fire, although not conclusive, was very likely from that space heater. She had plugged in right before she had left the room. And so of course, you know, Lu is feeling this incredible burden for having potentially killed her daughter.


But also she just began to obsess over the details because again, it wasn't conclusive that it was the space heater that was their best guess as to what caused the fire. And so Lu began to wonder like, was it something else? Was it preventable? You know, like what was it? Basically, Lu became completely obsessed with what happened to her daughter. It was like the only thing she ever thought of for years.


Hey, listeners, big news for True Crime lovers. You can now enjoy this podcast ad free on Amazon Music with your Prime membership. Listen to all episodes of my podcasts, Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries and Mr. Ballin Strange, dark, and Mysterious Stories, along with a huge collection of top True Crime podcasts, completely ad free. No more wading through cliffhangers or dealing with ads, because let's be honest, ads shouldn't be the most nerve wracking part of True Crime. To start your ad free listening journey, download the Amazon Music app for free, or head to amazon.com/ballen. That's amazon.com/b A-L-L-E-N. Dive into uninterrupted true crime stories today.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballen here. If you haven't discovered REDACTED Declassified Mysteries yet, well, you're in for a fascinating journey through history's Hidden Files. As a fellow military veteran, I can tell you that the host of the show, Luke Lamana, brings a very unique insider perspective to these wild stories. From covert operations to historical deceptions. Luke examines verified stories that sound almost too incredible to be true. Like Anna Montes, the defense intelligence analyst, who maintained a perfect cover while secretly working for Cuba for nearly 20 years. Or the Tic-Tac incident where a decorated Navy pilot encountered something in the skies that the Pentagon couldn't explain. Luke and his team dive deep into declassified documents to bring you thoroughly researched, eye-opening stories from the darkest corners of history, follow REDACTED declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Fast forward to January 24th, 2004. So six years after the fire, and on this day, Lu was invited to a family party. There was a get together, and you know, Luce basically never went to any family function or really left her house much at all. But for some reason on this day, she decided to go out. And so she goes to this party, and when she gets there, you know, remember Lu has basically been a recluse for the past six years. And so she's not gonna immediately start socializing. And so instead she just goes in the house and kind of finds a spot in the back kind of away from everybody else who's chatting and just stands there, kind of people watching. And as she's doing that, something catches her attention off to the side.


And when she turns to look at it and sees what it is, she immediately just freezes. Three days later, Lou walked into the office of a local state legislator, and after saying hello, she sat down, reached into her purse, and pulled out a little plastic bag that contained a folded up napkin, and she slid it across the table to the legislator. So he picked up the bag and stared at it, inquisitively as loose dove into this wild explanation about what was in this bag and why she was here. And at the end of this totally off the wall, insane sounding story, the legislator was left just kind of staring at loose and looking back at the bag in total shock.


And then finally, after a couple of moments of silence, the legislator just said, okay, yeah, I'll see what I can do. It would turn out the fire was not caused by the space heater that Luce had plugged in right before she left her daughter's room. Instead, police believe after Lu came downstairs and tried to take a nap, somebody broke into her apartment, went into the nursery and set the fire on purpose, but not before abducting the baby. And that person was one of Lu's own family members who had been at her apartment that day celebrating the birth of Della Marvea.


It was Lu's husband's cousin, Carolyn Correa. And in fact, on this same day before the fire and before the abduction, Carolyn made a point to announce to the whole family that she was pregnant, even though she wasn't, it was just going to be her cover story for why she suddenly had this brand new baby six years later when Lu was at that family party. Well, the thing that caught her attention on the other side of the room was her daughter. She literally saw her daughter. And even though she hadn't seen her in six years, she instantly knew it was her because of her distinctive dimples. Now loose knew she couldn't just suddenly yell out like, that's my daughter. So instead she came up with this plan, she walked up to the girl and very discreetly said, Hey, honey, I think you got some gum in your hair.


And so as she pretended to pull gum outta the child's hair, she carefully plucked a few strands and put them inside of a napkin and put it inside of her pocket. And then three days later, she brought that hair inside of that plastic baggie, and she gave it to the legislator and basically said, here's what I think happened. I think she stole my kid. You know, can you test it for DNA to prove that girl is my daughter? And the legislator was like, okay, I'll give it a shot. And lo and behold, that hair would prove that girl at the party was her daughter. She did not die in that fire. Carolyn Correa was sentenced to nine to 30 years in prison for abduction. She originally had an arson charge against her as well, but investigators could not actually prove how the fire started.


And so they ultimately dropped those charges. Officials also launched an inquiry into how the fire department had handled the original investigation because Lu had tried to convince fire officials that, you know, maybe her daughter had not died in the blaze. Maybe she was just missing because when Lu went into the nursery, she claimed she couldn't even find her daughter. But investigators had told her that the fire had burned so hot that basically her daughter had been totally incinerated, and that's why she couldn't find her. In the end though, because of her refusal to ever give up, Lu was ultimately reunited with her daughter Delamar.


The next and final story of today's episode is called Who Said That At 12:30 PM on March 7th, 2015, a police officer named Tyler Betos, along with his partner, were driving in his police cruiser near the Spanish Fork River in Utah. When suddenly a police dispatcher came on over the radio, and this dispatcher was speaking very urgently and said, Hey, a fisherman has just called in to say that he spotted what looks like an upturned, SUV partially submerged in the Spanish Fork River, right underneath the bridge.


And whoever is closest to this bridge, get over there and see if there's anybody inside the vehicle that can be saved. And so Officer Betos and his partner, they knew they were very near this bridge, and so immediately they banged a U-turn. They drove to the bridge, but from the road they looked down and couldn't see any SUV, but they saw there was some firefighters and paramedics that were also converging at the spot on the road, and everybody's getting out and running down to the riverbank. And so Betos and his partner did the same thing. They got out and they ran down. And then finally when they got to the riverbank and they saw underneath this bridge, sure enough, there was this red SUV upturned, partially submerged. And he noticed right away that none of the doors had been opened in this SUV.


And so it meant whoever was driving this vehicle when it flipped over, very likely was still inside. And so Officer Betos and his partner and the other first responders just jumped into this icy Cold River and began making their way closer and closer to this upturned SUV, which again, it's not fully submerged, it's like a third of the way underwater. So if you were sitting in the seat in inside of this vehicle and you were an adult, your head would basically be in the water if you were still strapped into the seat. And as they're making their way towards this SUV, when they got close enough, they began hearing a woman inside of the vehicle screaming, Hey, we're in here. Come over here, help. But when Officer Betos and the rest of the first responders actually reached the SUV, the water was so murky and it basically completely covered up the windows that they weren't really able to look into the vehicle.


They could just hear this woman yelling, but that was it. And then when they tried to open up the doors, they couldn't do it because the roof had begun to cave in. And so the actual framing of the door wouldn't open. And so all these first responders, it's like their adrenaline's pumping, and they're like, come on, we gotta push this thing up onto its side so we can get in. And so all these first responders are pushing and pushing, and slowly but surely, they began to raise the side of this vehicle up until the windows suddenly were clear. And Officer Betos and the others were able to look into the car, and they saw there was a woman in the driver's seat, and there was a baby in a car seat dangling upside down in the backseat, still strapped in. And so Betos began screaming, there's a baby in here, there's a baby in here.


And suddenly it was like everybody got extra strength, and they pushed this vehicle all the way up onto its side. And then one of the firefighters climbed up onto the side of the car, which now was the highest point of the car. And he reached in and he clipped the straps holding the baby who had been upside down, dangling there, cut the straps, and pulled the baby out, and handed the baby over to Officer Betos. And then the firefighter began doing the same thing to get the woman out. But Officer Betos, at this point, he just took this baby, he turned away. He figured the first responders will handle this woman, and he's gonna take this baby to safety. 'cause he couldn't even tell if the baby was alive or not. And so he is cradling this baby. He's rushing back through the water back to the riverbank, and then he hands the baby over to the paramedics, and right as he does, he sees this little baby begins to move its arms and flicker its eyes.


And he wanted to weep out of relief that this child was okay. They put the baby onto a stretcher, they put the baby in the ambulance, and they whisked the baby away to the hospital where this baby would survive. But after the baby had been taken away, officer Betos turned his attention back to the SUV and back to the woman to see how she was doing. But he could tell right away from the way people were acting, all the other first responders that were still dealing with the crisis in the water, the way they were acting, indicated that something is off here. Well, it would turn out 14 hours earlier. So at around 10:00 PM the previous night, a 28-year-old woman named Jennifer Gors back had just left her father's house in Salem, Utah.


And in her car was her little 18 month old baby Lily who was in the backseat. And after Jennifer pulled away from her father's house and her father's on the porch waving to her, she began driving towards her home. But something happened around 10:30 PM that night. We don't know what, but something caused Jennifer to ka off the road on that bridge and flip over and land in the water. Maybe she fell asleep at the wheel or an animal jumped out. We don't know, but we know at 10 30 she careens off the bridge and she lands in that river. And then for 14 hours, she and her baby remained upside down in that river until finally Officer Betos and the other first responders came rushing over to open it up and get them out of there.


And if you recall, all the first responders, officer Betos included, heard Jennifer screaming that they were in the car, come save us, please. But what they would find out is that could not have been Jennifer, because Jennifer was killed on impact when the car fell into the water, only Lily survived the crash. And then Lily, who's nearly hypothermic, and she's upside down with water like two inches away from her head for 14 hours, she dangled there. And when she was pulled out, according to doctors, was like a couple of minutes before she would have died from hypothermia. And so without that voice, Lily almost certainly would've died because it was the sound of that voice that really encouraged all these first responders to find the strength and get that car up on its side, and then get the baby out of there.


We don't know whose voice that belonged to, but for sure it saved Lily's life. And again, maybe Lily would make a full recovery. And to this day, officer Betos and the other first responders, they know what they heard and they do not have an explanation for it. A quick note about our stories. They are all based on true events, but we sometimes use pseudonyms to protect the people involved and some details are fictionalized for dramatic purposes.


Thank you for listening to the Mr. Ballin podcast. If you enjoyed today's stories and you're looking for more bone chilling content, be sure to check out all of our studio's podcasts. There's this one of course, the Mr. Ballin podcast, and there's Mr. Bain's medical mysteries, bedtime stories, wartime stories, run, fool REDACTED, and late nights with npo. All you have to do is search for Ballin Studios wherever you get your podcasts. To watch hundreds more stories just like this one, head over to our YouTube channel, which is just called Mr. Ballin. So that's gonna do it. I really appreciate your support. I, until next time, see ya.


Hey Prime members, You can binge eight new episodes of the Mr. Ballin podcast one month early and all episodes ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today, and before you go, please tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.