
It's Phantom. Yeah. Fandom. Did you get held at gunpoint though, while the cops stole your car? Boom. Takes his picture. Post it on the gram. His caption was like, they outside. We outside too. I'm like, this is crazy. This is a cop You guys just got done with 30 Day Mafia on. Was there any behind the scenes stories, stuff that happened off air that we didn't see? Can we talk about that? I don't Know. Straight up took a burger outta John Cena's Hand. Yeah, that was fire. You can't see me? Yeah. All jokes aside, can you lock in on one chick? Oh, I can't understand how streamers don't get in more trouble. You know The You did. Which was the, Y'all just did the same shit Chick.


Welcome. Welcome. Where's the camera, man? Welcome back to Impulsive ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for watching, viewing, listening, viewing and subscribing. Don't forget to hit that we're here today with we're You have the intro. I do. Fire. I do. So complex rated. This guy's the number seven streamer in The world. You just may have seen him. They did, bro. Congrats. That's dope. That's you. Yeah. Congrats. Dope. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Phantom. Yes, Phantom. How are you dude? I'm doing all right. Yeah. How's your energy? Great. Hold on. I'm gonna do it like this. You Like it better like that? Yeah. Do You feel like you deserve the number seven spot over other popular streamers? Facts Just hate you right off the bat with like Controversial Fuck.


Nah. I don't even think, like, I don't rank myself nowhere. Like if you see like I didn't rank myself, somebody else did it, so. Yeah. Yeah. But that feels high. No, That's top 10. Shit. I'm taking it. Wait, Y'all clean, y'all cleaned up. 'cause Kai, Kai got what Kai was. No, they gave two, Right? Kai two Speed. Four speed was one Seven. Agent 11. I think speed was one. Yeah. And speed was, how do you feel? You feel that was the right? Wow. Nah, it was cool. I don't know. 'cause I, bro, it depends who you ask. It depends who you ask. It feels like from a like movement standpoint of just like a, a, a global impact, you gotta put speed at one, right? Mm. But if you look at at control, overall control of culture off, bro.


Crazy. But if you look at overall control of the culture, it like, it depends on what the metric is. 'cause Kai runs the culture, right? Like really, really has, has worked with everybody, you know. But, but speed's. Global impact has been nuts. When he moved, when he was doing those Indonesia or those Southeast Asia streams. Yeah. You have a a million plus concurrence bro, When he went to the Philippines. Yep. Yep. Crazy Europe. Crazy. Like just, it's more of an international presence with speed. Like it looks insane with Kai. I think it's more he do go, he like, I went with Kai to Nigeria and stuff, You know me. Yeah, definitely. We go out there too. Like cargo's out there. But I think it's more on this side, You know what, what I'm saying. Did, did you find that the, the crowd size was what you expected it to be in some of those countries?


And, or, or, or was it less than what you would've Nah, it's, it's, it's Big. Yeah. I'm sure It's big and it's, I think it's More like they, they More like excited to see us and stuff. Excited to see anybody that's on the US side of The world because they never see us. So when we are there, it's like, it's a movie every time. Do You look at your peers as like colleagues or is there any competition? There's competition with some people. Like, yeah, like it's friendly comp, I guess. I don't know. Like, you guys got the podcast going on, like, y'all wanna be better than somebody else that you go, We kind of gave up that goal a while ago. Gave up. We realized that we just worked. I just cruising. Well, we've been doing it for like, What Do you do that you like? Ooh, I love wrestling and Yeah, and, and wrestling.


F literally fuck everyone else. Yeah. Fuck everyone else. Which is part. Yeah. No, but other, other than that, like, we're settled in here. But I, what I ask 'cause and I, I want to draw some comparisons to what you do, to what I, what I did. 'cause I used to vlog as well, and you kind of have that duality that between vlogging and streaming and you've done both. And back when we were vlogging, man, it was all, it was all competition. There, there was no like, like real collabs going on. And, and, and, and the streamers, you guys seem friendly with each other. It, It is because it's not, it ain't no beef. It's not static. It's just, it's just, I don't know. Like it Is it competition? Yes, but it's not the way, I'm not trying to rip somebody's face off. Mm. Is it, I guess it's a different world of it.


Like, how do I say it? Like, let's say I watch somebody stream and I'm like, I'm a streamer. It's like when, when you watch other shit, like you could see moments where you could make that stream better and you're probably like, damn, you should have done this right here. There's Shit like that. There's definitely some beef. 'cause I've seen it between certain stream. A lot of it happens on like, the political side. It's a, it's a completely different Oh, like the APOC side? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, like Hassan and, and all that shit. No, I know y'all are on a completely different vibe. But TA's point, I mean we used to, we used to like almost fight other squads. Oh, It was really was beefing Shit. Oh, for Sure. Oh God. Like sexual beef behind the scenes. Like someone's going to jail if we do this. We probably shouldn't. So he had, he had beef with, he had beef with do brick at one point.


Really? Which, which, which, which spilled over to me and Jeff Whittick. And, and me and him. So Like you followed up with his beef? A hundred percent. You Mitch? A hundred percent. And Jeff did the same for David. Okay. Because me and Jeff were both criminals. We're both felons at the time. Okay. We both gotta make, we're pardoned now. All right. So we're chilling. We can own firearms, vote, do whatever we want. But at the time, we were the ones that handled that type of shit. So we had, we had a really heavy, like, yo, like somebody's going to jail tonight, but let's, let's do this. You know what I'm saying? Crash out, fuck It. And We ended up squashing it. Now we're best friends. Oh. But it is important that you do have someone from your crew that's actually about it. And, and, and, and Mike actually isn't that person for me. Like are, but are one of these guys like, like which one will go to jail For you?


We all good kids and everybody structured up. Everybody good. Oh really? But you've done, you've done so you've done so No. Yeah. No. No. But you did grow up in the Bronx. Yeah, I'm from the Bronx. 1, 6, 7, shout 1, 6, 7. New York City. Yeah, we in New York right now. Yeah. It's Mason City. I never met a, I Hate the traffic, but Yeah. I never met a Dominican from the Bronx. Never. That hasn't done some dirt, dude. Don't fucking even Fuck that sound like federal Night. I don't even try. Nah. The most I ever did, probably like shit. I pay a ticket on time and shit. That's shit. For Sure. For Sure. That's gangster. Hey, didn't you get held at gunpoint though, while the cops stole your They definitely did some bullshit. I ain't gonna lie. They definitely did some bullshit.


I Saw shit. You, you and you and Kai whole, whole AMP crew have done some crazy Things. We have not done crazy shit. It's just that people put us, I guess they like, I don't know what the fuck it is because why did that cop put a gun to my face? You tell me. That's what I wanna know too. Luckily I was on stream. What, What would you, what do you think? I don't know bro. I don well, Walk us through, walk us through the interaction again. Like what, why, why were you, you were pulled over in your, Okay cool. In the lamb. Oh yeah. So Dominican Day parade real quick, you feel me? Showing energy back, showing love to the city. You know what I'm saying? We we're there. Bring the Lamborghini, like for me that was a big thing. 'cause it went from me being in the Honda. Now I'm in a Lamborghini. Yeah. Hometown. Same roads. I used to walk on whatever. Now I'm driving. It was, it was amazing. Sick boom. We finish, we get a permit for the parade. All type of stuff.


Cool. It was amazing. Everything legal, everything good. We leave the parade. When we leave the parade. Shit just got like, we got crowded around us. But it wasn't enough. Like nothing, nothing came from that. But I noticed there was a helicopter following us since the parade. And I think that the personnel at the parade didn't know who that was, if that makes sense. You know, sometimes they just don't know who the fuck that is. Yeah. Yeah. And why is everybody crowding their car? We leave the parade. Helicopters still following us. I'm not sure why they following us. We get to 1 6 1, which is, if you're watching this from New York in the Bronx, 1 6 1 is a big like judicial place. All the courts, family, courts, everything. Criminal court, police hop out, undercovers like get out the car. Out the car. You seen the video like it's 4K.


I Got the stream cam and the shit was kind of funny because they pulled the stream court. So like they knew what the fuck they was doing, bro. It's like, it's like when, when they cover body cams and shit, it's like This feels targeted. 'cause how would they know? How would they know that? And also What it was watching stream you got. So I Got stream by, by The cops. I Got like, but I don full full and then it get worse because I was calm because I knew I did it when you know you didn't do shit. It's like, it's nothing to be worried about. Right. How Do You know that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you say that. You say that. But I mean, shit could, You're still worried facts. No. You're still worried because facts bro. As someone that used to move around with a, with weight in the car. Always still nowadays, 15 years after ever having dope on me, any of that shit, I see cops and I still feel that those butterflies in my, You know what I'm saying?


Right, right. But always be calm and collected. Right? No, always. So it's like, I'm not gonna panic. It's a whole, by the way, there was kids around and shit. So I was gonna have like, bro, you taking a gun out and there's a whole bunch of jets around and I know y'all watching the stream 'cause you went for the Supreme Court. So what are you doing? So anyway, long story short, boom, they ended up taking the car. They ain't ask for no information. They just took the, I had to teach 'em how to, how to drive the Lamborghini. I said put it in first gear. Relax, don't push it too much. I'm saying go make a left. Right. Go there. Boom. They leave, they leave me walking. I'm like, I bet they arrested my, my, my driver, which is my friend shot Walton. And then we was chilling 'cause like we understand like it was a 44 precinct. So they, they be on some bullshit. Well Yeah, they just stole your car. They Stole my car. That's How is that for three Hours? So he doesn't know what New York think.


So new shit. Oh, it gets worse. It gets worse. So then the cop that, so it gets in the precinct, it's in the, it is in the precinct parking lot. The cop goes up, he throws up his gang. His gang is a four, four precinct. So he, he's like this, he's like the four four like this. He throwing up his shit. Fuck the 44 precinct. And then he goes boom, takes his picture, post it on the gram and thought nothing would happen. What? The masses came, You know what I'm saying? IG got deleted. They, they, they reported the fuck outta most type of shit. His caption was like, they outside, we outside too. Demons. Oh yeah. I'm talking about, I'm like, this is crazy. This is a cop man. This is like, what the fuck? Like supposed to be a role model. Like we supposed to look up to type shit. Right. Like I don know. So anyway, three hours later, three hours and 40 something minutes later I woke up to the precinct.


I get my shit back because I ain't do shit. Yeah. If I did some shit, I would've got my shit. That's crazy. That's what I'm saying. That crazy Though. That's what if the cop started a streaming career inspired by you? Nah. Fuck no. First one was stealing your oders. Nah, that's the angle ass wavy Dude. I can't, I can't understand how streamers specifically like streamers, like, you don't get in more trouble 'cause you're, you're always on damn near. Yeah. And, and, and you seem to have such a good instinct about what's right and what's wrong. Something I, I lacked as a youngster. I mean, we know the bullshit you did, which was the, We wet say that other shit. Oh yeah. Other shit. Oh yeah, it was doozy.


Wait, no y'all just did, y'all just didn't say y'all just Yo Sun. I hit my, I seen it and I was like, bro, I was like, yo, what? There's memes Just That thing that happened Bro. Well no, I'm not Saying saying it was not purpose or of that shit, but I'm just saying like, I seen a meme with him wearing the green alien hat and all that shit, bro. Who Niggas is happy bro. No, but seriously, you're a good kid. So that's, that's it, huh? You just got a good heart. Just gonna stream and get, eat people's foods. Yep. That's me. I love eating food. I love eating good food is amazing, bro.


I think, I don't know, that's like my thing. That's just me. I can, I can relate to that. Yeah. Like when you and you had to choose food, food, sex or money? Money. Yeah. Damn. Like you had to choose or rank 'em. Rank 'em. Alright. Like the feeling you get when you get one of those things and it, and you get one of those things in the right way, The money should get played out. Yeah, because what are you buying with it? You could buy the food. I mean, technically you could buy. See, I knew was gonna say that. Gonna say that. I thought for internet, nah, you could buy the sip, but the money, shit, after a while was like, bro, like impact is more important in my opinion.


So like, I guess experiences you could trump over all three of those. So it had to be either. I, I'm, I'm gonna pick food every time guys. I it's gonna be food bro. But, and then Pie Hus and then the among, But but experiences. 'cause I was just with him at F1. You like, do you like doing stuff? You like being outside? And I asked him yesterday when I texted you about doing the show, I was like, are you gonna go to Basel? And you sounded like you wanted to go to Miami. I don Go, but I gotta get shit done. You wanna stay inside? No, I gotta go. I mean, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna be shooting with a and P. So you're working. Yeah. Respect. When we started this show and when he was really grinding, like the vlog shit, the hardest ever was in the middle of Covid.


Totally. Like, right. Like a lot of it was during co there was nothing to do. We didn't ha we didn't have the the distractions available. Distractions to like go out and do shit. There's something to do every single week. Like somebody's gonna be hitting you up next weekend to do something. Ba basil, F1 Super Bowl's gonna come up. Facts. How are you gonna pick and choose? I put, I prioritize anything A and P related first and then it trickles down little by little. And if it, if it, if it works, it works. That's really what it is. Yeah. It's not, it's really simple. Like in my head, am I doing something for A and P?


No. Me, I move my stuff around. Sometimes you feel me to, to like do a thing, but in my head it's A and P of everything. So it's A and P and then whatever we gotta do. See that's the mentality. I mean that's how, that's how I always was too. I know, but I, I I, I've just seen that fall apart so many times. Like these, these groups because like someone thinks they're better than the rest. And if you make it out, like the side men are doing so well right now Is is AMP Is it split equally between everyone? Yeah. I don't think, we don't think like that, bro. Like, I'm not gonna lie, generally we don't like, so like our number one is Kai, right? Boom. But like everybody got their own source. Everybody got their own. Like you got the Dukes of The world for me, myself.


Yeah. Even be doing his thing. Yeah, Davis be doing his thing. He got doing the music down to Chris. Like we don't, they we don't have that, that, that I don't, we, I think he good money to be honest. But I'd like to ask you like what groups like fell apart in your opinion? Yeah, The main one that comes to mind is Team 10. Yo Fast. What happened To you? Well, what happened is, I think there was infighting essentially. Like, like someone thinks they're worth more than they are. And, and they, Logan let me ask you a question. Go for it. Did, yeah. Was it a real friend group before it started or was it like No, no, it wasn't social Engineer. Like did y'all just, it It, it it was Jake Jake's thing. But, but, but no, they weren't. They weren't. It was, it was attempted. It was going to be a business.


The the attempt was to make money out of this group. You guys were homies beforehand? Yes. Mm. That's the difference. Gotta be bros. Mm. Gotta be bros, bro. So, because even if you, like, even if we bros and we may have a disagreement at the end of the day, we still bros. So it is equal In terms of what? Like, Like, like equity splits. Yo, he's heavy. You don't have to answer this question. Well, I just want to, I just want to know because if you're, if you're Bros pocket watching your pocket, watching Pocket, no, because, well, the, the Sideman for example, like Ksi is obviously the, the biggest numbers wise, but they're split equally, which I always found like, like really cool and and noble of, of, of jj because he's, he's definitely the one that goes mainstream and, and, and, and is the lore of the group.


I'd I'd say He's like the most out there. You, you bump his song a lot too. Like I, I think, I think I have your answer by you not answering, which I understand, but, but I don't know. Like you, I don't know. Just be, just be careful. It's, it's, I'm glad you guys are bros, but like, I don't know, You know what else Is Different? People get, people get swayed by attention, money, All, You know what else is different about their shit too? Is they, they've all, they all have found incredible lanes for themselves. Like a PS is the group collective work. And then y'all are all, that's why you have a one. That's why you have a two, a four, A seven and 11. And another big difference too is they're not Team 10 was like 16 year olds. They're all, they're all grown men. That's that have, that have a bond of friendship that have, that are from the right place in the country in my opinion, to make things happen.


Yo tries to state tries, Tristate, whatever, You know, east coast. So it's a little bit different. But I mean, do y'all ever get in any bras, Like real fist fight and shit? Yeah, maybe Like, nah, Nothing Ain't happened yet. You ever throw a chair at your boy? Facts? I done told him like, yo, you, lets get it on right now. But it is never gotten there. So Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I, I think that's so Okay. Like, I don't know why. Like is that not What the fact that you have it? No. If you did, have you had an argument with, have you ever had an argument? Are you bro bro, have you ever wanted to rip his face with Bro Obama Killed each other, Y'all together. Right. A Hundred percent. Actually the same Shit. We Stronger my brother Every time. Yeah, Same shit. Same thing.


So it like, I think it, I think it, there's not one like brother that I haven't really like gone at it with. I think it's totally natural. I think it's normal too. Just boys being boys. I don't even think it's a bad thing. I think it would be weird for you if, if you asked me that question and I said no, we never, ever, ever, like, that'd be weird. Okay, So let's, let's break it down. If it came to brawls, who's taking the title All? Look Man, I kind of want to think about this for a second. Yeah. Yo, you wanna rank it first? Like, I feel like Duke's a big guy. Duke's Look at you. He's a big dick, But Duke ain't gonna lie with Duke. Alright, with Duke. I gotta sneak him first. Boom, hit hard shit. Yeah. And then hopefully like I nigga go to sleep. If you don't Well he got Wingspan, bro. Yeah, exactly. That's Wingspan Bro.


Got reach. Well You can't, you can't discount the Bronx though. That adds, that adds like, that adds like 30 pounds in like six inches. Nothing. I'm two 50 bro. I ain't gonna lie. You 2 50, 2 50. Mm What place is, what place is Kai coming in? What's That? Yeah. What, How much you weigh? I'm a 2 0 5. That's a Cat. I swear. Dead Ass. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Well the real, I just, you, I noticed in the speed stream everyone was like fat shaming you. And I was like, what the fuck is going on? Is That true? Well, there's a picture of you on the wall. Everyone had a picture on the wall and mine was like excited and speeds was like angry. Whatever. Yours was hungry. But that's like, I don't, so it so, bro, this, this is like the, we ain't 20, 24 bro.


Like niggas is too soft. I'm sorry. Like That kid on the stream that made fun of which That kid was. Yeah, but that kid was like fucking six. Yeah, He was legit. But his mom was trying to get a payday. Yeah, A hundred percent. That was whack, but Oh, so they planned it? No, I'm saying like, she's trying to get that back like Shit after it happened. Respect, She's trying to get it back. But I'm saying though, like, bro, that shit don't phase me like yo fat. That's bro. Yeah, I eat good. I don't think it's fat bro's. My thing. That's my bro. I'm gonna be honest. I don't think you're fat. How, how tall are you? Five eight. What? The b The BMI index would definitely put him on the, like the higher part of it. The world's changing quick bro.


See bro, he's not, He's, he's part of the problem. He's part of the problem. I'm fat, I'm obese. I get to the bag when I get bitch you Like food, you eat good. This No, you eat good. I really eat good, but at the same time, I'm not finna lie to myself all day. That's the problem. People lie to themselves all day. No, no, no. I am fat. I am ob but You know what I'm saying? But I'm not, I'm not like, like, like, bro, I'm in the gym, you know what I'm saying? Like, I do my thing, but I like to eat good. I gotta find some ways to slow that down a little bit. Lemme, lemme that I, Lemme see that dude that did the juice world shit. Say again? The dude that did the juice world shit. That they had a weed out and a He's Losing it. What, what What? His voice is Cool To show. What's his, wait what'd you say? 3000. He's bro, what's his name? What's his dude's name? Oh no, he gotta be sick. He, he was strapped up to an oxygen tank. He gotta be sick singing. And that's, that's grit.


Yeah. When I look at you, I swear to God, bro. Like this is why I was so shocked. I the word fat did not come to mind. No. Nah. And then I saw everyone else was like making fun of him. I'm like, I don't think I understand. Like, bro, you don't, you don't, you don't like look. No, they, because people associate like I eat Because the fandom tax That too Tax. So they just, they just associate eating to You did it to yourself, bro. No, it's like a Thing. Busted The door and you eat everyone's food. I'm fucking with it, bro. If you have food right here, you've been, I mean we got lunch, I Got Lunch leaves. I, I was gonna eat it, but then I was like, I don't, I don would You try that shit? I heard some shit about lunch sleeves. What Did you Hear? Moy cheese. Check it out. Open it right now we can I open Please don't pee.


Fucking, I probably can't open this one, but Yeah, no, you, you can open that one. I mean, look, we got two meals with cheese here. Okay. You know, let's see, let's see what you find. That's just, That's that's the Turkey stack them. Oh hell yeah. I had that instead of Thanksgiving, Turkey leave. No Crumb w promo. Have you, have you tried this before? Now? That's my first time. I just hear everybody on Twitter ripping y'all shit all day. Am I being phantom taxed at the moment? No. 'cause you ain't have it in your hand. Okay. It's way I don't see the cheese in the mold. I'm not gonna lie. I don't see the cheese, the moy cheese shit. Myke Favorite. It was, it was a fluke.


It's good, bro. Thanks. I'm, I'm glad. I'm glad. Good. Yeah, the feasts is good too. You like Sweets? No, no sweets. But like a little bit of this is all Yeah, just a little bit. But like too much. What's your, what what's your go-to? I know I should know this, but what's your go-to food? Rice. Beans, chicken Or Oh Yeah. Oxtail. Lot of Caribbean food. Empanadas. Yeah. That's who? APAs. Damn. Oh yeah. 'cause you be knowing him. The Cuban girl. The Cuban shit. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. You Getting culture Mike? I'm, You know, bro, he knows The Spanish. Yeah. Yeah. Well he, he got a Latino girlfriend. He met her Latino. He met her. Yeah. Latino. Latino Bro. It's Fine.


I'm doing Great. I'm Caucasian as fuck. We did a, we did a whole F1. He, he did a, he got and did some house music dancing with the Chainsmokers. He came up on stage. I said you like how they didn't really fuck with house music? I brought him up there in, in the booth. No, I Fuck with house. Yeah. Yeah. Can the whole crew get down or are you like the guy who likes to go out and explore and go on adventures? Because, 'cause 'cause Kai for example, I know that motherfucker's locked in. Yeah. I think they can sleep on like, I'm outside. Like I'm trying to do outside shit. Okay. Okay. I think Duke too. Yeah. Duke do a lot of, like, duke would go to Dubai and just walk around with a camera. I can imagine Duke would like Dubai a lot. Yeah, he did. He would, he would like a lot dude. He do, he do mad random shit. Like he likes that.


I think it was just me and Duke like the most Yeah. Do random shit all the time. But you, but you need that by the way too. Like me and him as a, as a collective, as a partnership. He was the inside guy. Always thought leadership, planning, blah, blah, blah, so on and so forth. And I was the guy that would go meet people like, like you and I met. Right. And I hit you up. Thanks. I was like, you need to guess. Let's do a show. It's Important. It, it really is. You got one, somebody on the, on the culture side. Somebody on the, on the hard work side. So Kai, so Kai's just locked in Facts And y'all are outside. No, we hustled up too, but just different. Yeah, you definitely Did. Dude. Streaming is so crazy to me. I have to be honest. Like, like why did you choose streaming?


Even originally you started with NBA 2K videos, right? Yep. YouTube. But why streaming? It feels so hard to grow. Well, when I started the streaming shit, it wasn't what it is now. Yeah, right. Like, damn, how do we start the, like sometimes I lose like my memory and shit on that. But it was, it was literally YouTube first. YouTube was everything We was watching you break plates all day. That's what I'm saying. True. So why, so then why didn't you guys vlog? We did vlog. Okay. But we wasn't getting the views that you was getting bro. Like how many views you gave for video, bro? Keep it up. Lots of views, bro. 15 mil. Seven To 10. Yeah. It was seven to 10 million maybe A day. That's nuts. They would get up to 15, but like by the next day it'd be at minimum, minimum five.


Yeah, minimum Five. But that's not even a reason why we even went to streaming. It was just More like, bro, streaming was wavy. I don't know. Like it, you in a crib you spark up and it was like real time interaction. That ass with your fans. Like real time. Like they're right there, bro. You're Not scared of getting like docs run up on or, or, or slipping up saying some crazy shit like that. Like we, we, we realized that it's just not for us. We both tried, well you also, we had the opposite. Like, like we did vlogging stopped and then tried streaming and realized this shit's impossible. I don't even have the energy for it. I liked it. But it also was, it was also during a different time too. Like this was during like, the height of, you can't say anything messed up.


Like they'll come at you for, for anything. What, two Years ago? No, this was like, this is like four years ago. I would say probably 2021. We both were streaming. I, I actually was doing, I liked it. I was, I did it for like a year. I had like a, You know, half a million or 750,000 on Twitch and got good subs. But I, at that time, like it was really, you could, anything you said wrong, like all the YouTube commentary channels will come after you. I feel like right now streaming's hit a sh hitting a stride because the pendulum's swinging back on speech. And now you can kind of be yourself a little bit more than we were able to four or five years ago. So it's like the perfect time. My my curiosity right now is you saw vlogging, you saw YouTube.


Now we're in the, the prime of streaming. My question's always been what's next? I want you to answer that. What do you think In terms of platforms or, or in terms of like individual, what, What will be the next way that content is consumed the most? Well we see like the short form like crisis that happened. Like everybody's attention spans are like shot so sure. And low key people don't know. But we adapt that into streaming. Yep. Like Cliff Farmer. Not just that, but just More like, like just keeping, you can't stream how you used to stream. Like this was streaming like eight years ago.


Yo what's up? Chat about play the game. Play a game for 20 minutes, not look at chat. Now it's like, yo Chad, if I get this, yo, let's go. Like, it's like, so it's short form, but it's long form. Yeah. Like you gotta keep them there. Concept. Concept. Yeah. Like Entertain. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Entertain like, literally. So I think it changed so much. But the next thing that could be big, I I generally don't really like, I don't know. I feel like Elon go cook some shit up or some shit. I wanted to ask you like, do you think vlogging is dead? It's It's Pretty dead. It is, right? It's pretty dead. I'm Not lie. It's like vlogging like day to day or like Yeah, that shit's Caulked. Okay. But do you think because it, it is all a pendulum, do you think perhaps it swings back the opposite way and people start watching that like longer more raw type of context?


Yeah. Where it isn't, that's what Duke, where it isn't just fireworks. Yeah. Yeah. So history tends to repeat itself bro. So Yeah. Right. But to an extent the cat, like even with the vlogging, like the cat's kind of outta the bag. When, when people first started vlogging they would, it was handheld G seven. So I Got this new milk today. Yep. Yep. G seven next. Yep. And now if you wanna be one of the bigger, I mean shout out Nick na Cena just hit a million on YouTube. He's been trying to get there for a minute and he brings Kai to a frat party. You know what I'm saying? His concepts are all overblown even for a vlogger. Yeah. I'm still, I'm still shooting, technically shooting vlogs, You know what I'm saying? But I wanna do three different countries in a vlog. It's not like me opening in the fridge. No. Yeah, yeah. Is it is leveled up. So everyth, everything is, everything is leveling up.


Exactly. So like, even if you wanna go back to that, I feel like you gotta deliver something that's got different. Like what's your behind the scenes look like On a day to day. Yeah. A whole bunch of meetings and then No, No, no. But you got a team for like a personal team for fan. Is it all A and p? No, No, no. I Got my, like my own personal team. Like Kai has his own team as well. Duke does. Everybody has their own team. Then there's a and p as well. I just prioritize A and p first and then I just do Stuff. Does everyone else? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. That's So sick man. I, I love what you guys are doing. It's, do you ever go anywhere together? Like if you did a meetup somewhere or go fucking, I mean, I guess you did in New York in a way, and look what happened. Yeah. You gotta be careful with that. Yeah. As you saw.


'cause You know, you go too crazy. Things go bad. Influence start getting hurt. Yeah. Influence. I Got It's a weapon. You gotta be responsible with it. It's a weapon If you use it as that. I don't see it as a weapon, but influence is strong, bro. It's, it's Powerful. You're, you're right. It maybe that was a poor choice of word, but it, it certainly can be. And and influence has definitely, definitely been weaponized. Yeah, it has. And I've, I've, I've, we all have just seen like the good and bad sides of it. But I'm sure you've seen, I'm, I'm sure behind the scenes of your influence, you've seen a lot of stuff yourself. You guys just got done with this 30 day mafia on Right. And you, you were a big part of that.


Was there any behind the scenes stories, stuff that happened off air that we didn't see during the I Was there the whole time. Yeah, I know, but I'm sure you have a story of something that happened. Damn, That's, I don't Know bro. Like, I like, 'cause 'cause when I watch, I'm curious about the production of it all and, and what it looks like behind the scenes. 'cause I, I know there's gotta be, there's gotta be stuff going on and, and, and, and things that don't go right when you record for 24 hours a day. I mean, I know it was Kai, but again, bro, you're, you're, you guys are together. You're, I Mean, shit that went wrong was like tech shit though. Like, it ain't nothing crazy. I mean you got the, you had where he was streaming at. So then downstairs a little bit to the left, there's a whole production room.


Mm. There's like 40 TVs in there and like 20 something people with a whole bunch of, You know, production shit. And then another room, which is like a green room kind of. So whoever was about to go upstairs, they go in there. But it's, it is like a mini production room. You still see the, see the stream. And I Don't think people realize that. Nah, they don't, they Just watch the stream and like, 'cause I saw a behind the scenes clip of, of someone getting micd up or something and there's monitors everywhere. The amount of effort you guys put into your production I think should be appreciated more. I do. I appreciate it. I love that Shit. Yeah. But you appreciate it. 'cause You know, Yeah. But it, yeah. Like these People back there right now because this camera don't see you. Nah, But we never had, we never, he I don't think you have either.


No, we've never had productions like that. No. Like even You talking about at that. Yeah. At That, at that scale. I think it comes down to the difference between streaming and, and, and the type of content that we generally shoot. But I remember when we were at Beast for the, For the haunted house. For the haunted house. Shit. Like whi which would you say had more production involved? Beast. Yeah. Beast was fucking, He's insane. That was crazy. He's like, it's insane. Like it's, that's crazy. It's like a movie. You roll Deadass. You stayed to watch his first episode of Beast Games. What'd you think? Fire. He hit me up yesterday too about it. Can we talk about that? Yeah.


Yeah. I don't fucking know. Yeah, why not? It'll, it'll get reviewed. Yeah. Yeah. It's coming out on December 19th. Yeah. It's hard. It's, I liked it. You liked It? I loved It. That shit was hard. I, I'm biased 'cause I, I just love Jimmy. It's a different vibe than a YouTube video too, Dude. That's what I liked about it. Yeah. It it's it, he had the challenge of making some, something different than his Beast channel, but also like a, a new Fresh Games game show. And I think he checked the box. Yeah. I think it's Crazy. It was giving like it was intense. Intense. You felt the energy. Yeah. You felt when Yeah. People would fail or something. Like when you hang Around someone like Jimmy MrBeast, do you get inspired? Yeah. Yeah.


Motivated. Like mine gets like, just like juiced up like, like all the shit that you can't do. You feel me? Because the way I see it is like, he human just like me for me. So, and I remember watching him. Are you sure? But that's a good question. Think about that, bro. That's a good question. Sometimes I be looking at Jimmy, I'm like, I I I love him and I know him well. He's a friend. I think he might be a Robot. No, a hundred percent. Oh, he Is. But he so zone it for so long. It changes you Bro. Yeah. 'cause you get plugged in, it Changes you bro. But remember when he was like in front of the camera and said, I think he said your name a hundred thousand times, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. Like I was watching him done. Like, Did you watch that video all the way through?


No. Come on. But the dedication like, insane, bro. You gotta like, oh man. Like it just, the dedication just evolves with Timem. Right. So that was who's doing, sorry, who's doing that bro, a hundred thousand times? Who's doing that? And then he just now he's applying it to his videos and then applying now to this show that you about, you feel me? Yeah. See that could I, I know like, and knew even when we first started doing these shows that, that I don't have that level of like, I'm not saying anything a hundred thousand times, You know, I'm just not And, and like, kudos to him for doing it. 'cause he's the go, he's the, he's a monster. The beast, right? Sure. Do you have that? Do you, do you ever feel outworked by your, by people?


No, I'm a fucking hustler. That ass. See, I, what I realize is at some point you get to the point where you only have two hands. Right. This is why like, it's so important to have a great team. And like you, people think you can do it by you. Dead ass can't do it by yourself. You gotta make calls that are like, they're heavy. They're heavy calls. Like you might have to pack some people up that you don't want pack up. Yeah. You might, You know what I'm saying? You gotta hire, you gotta do this, you gotta that. So it's like, that's the part that 'cause realistically like when you break it down, right? Like let's talk about like with Mr B stuff, it's how many cameras in the room? Insane. I think this is the most cameras he's used. Yeah. Ever. I think he broke against World records with this 52.


It's not 50 50 2052 World Records. Oh, 52. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But like, it's taking a super It Is, it Is. It is a person. It's a team. It's a section. As a a manager, there's so much moving parts that's like, that's the team. Like you gotta get to that point where like your team is so good. Yeah. That you get to do the craziest shit. And it's like, and people always gonna attach it to that one. But it is Mr. Beats and his team. Like, it's like a two-way thing. It's hard though. It's h hiring's hard. It is hard. It is hard. It's a skill. Yeah. Have, have you, have you like learned about the, the, the perils of, of hiring yet? Like, this shit can be tough man. Yeah, it is. Because if you, you know, if you trust the wrong person, you, you're fucked. Yeah. And, and I know Jimmy and like, I, I actually draw a lot of comparisons between Jimmy and Elon Musk.


Like I, I see similarities between them and they both have a really good sense of hiring something I lack. Is this like the core team? Or are you like thinking about really expanding your operation? Yeah, Expanding all the time. Yeah. Or trying to. So what does that look like for someone like you? Like what does your future look like? You think? Like, who's on next? No, no, no, no. You individually. Like what like I'm, I'm, I'm just always No, I actually wanna get into like the movie shit. You know what I'm saying? Stuff like that. You Like acting? Yeah. I low key do really? I didn't think I liked it until like, like I was in a couple like little short films and I was like, I'm probably good at this shit. Like, the feedback is always good. I fuck with it. Just do It. I kind of wanna take a swing at it too. I've been thinking about it a lot. I fucking love it. 'cause I love movies. I love watching, watching them.


You know, I'd love to take a, we did a a a doc one time called the Flat Earth documentary. That was, I had some acting flat earth Document. Yeah, we should. Yeah. Yeah. We could have won a couple Oscars. We should have won so many awards. Yeah. He, we only didn't just 'cause of his his image. His image image. But otherwise we definitely would've been up for at least Sundance or some sort of like, am amfAR. So are you guys always looking to do new shit next Year? Well, we wanted to do another long form about Russian. About the Russian lap fighting. And we got, are we, my passport has the Russian Dude, we were so ahead of Slap fighting bro. We wrote, because we would write these scripts and it was my, he knows you, You know, You know slap fighting right.


When it was first coming up. We, we, like, we scripted out this, we were gonna travel to Russia and enter the original Russian slap fighting contest. It, that's neither here nor well, no, it Is, it's part of it. It's a great story. No, because I I I, I'm curious, you know, you, it sounds like you like acting in the movie. The movie shit. Yeah. A guy like MrBeast would tell you why, like what you're doing. Is it? And, and, and when I was your age, how old are you? I'm 27 now. Okay. No, when I was about 24, I really wanted to be an actor. I wanted to, I wanted to branch out from the internet shit. But what did You wanna like, full blown do it. I didn't wanna I don't wanna full blown do it.


It Not really. But I ultimately came to this decision that I think it was a waste of my time, man. I think I was like onto something and I, and I I wanted to do everything. Yeah. And, and, and I was doing the right thing. But it, it, it seemed like I wanted to expand beyond the internet stuff. But that was really like my home and the stuff I was good at. If you love it, go for it. But I th I think maybe internet creators don't put enough prestige into what they're doing. And I'm not saying you, you don't, but you're onto something And No, the shit we do is hard. Like it Is, it is Definitely. Do you think Show dude show up and blow up on a production set is fucking awesome?


Yeah. It's when you show up and you have a script and you have to say some lines and they put you in a trailer with some food to eat and then you fucking go home afterwards. He, he's right. No, but The but the Question is why bro? No, because, but why? Because like you said, Why, what, why, why go, go do a cameo in a movie? Why? I don't fucking know, bro. I don You want to No, I'm telling you 'cause I've done It doesn't fucking matter, bro. People for people for, unless you're, unless you absolutely love it or it's a massive payday, I think there may be smarter ways, but Why would, but he's gotta try it to find out if he loves it, Facts, go do it. You Know what I'm saying? Oh, punch that stove. Why Do you like dinosaurs? I love the way they are. If you had never gone and like, looked and touched shit, would you have gotten that and fallen in love with it?


Not much. You know what I'm saying? I support, support it. No, he's right. And the reason why Jim Jimmy is not Jimmy. He's very good at what he does. He's, he, he, these productions, these u YouTube productions. So, so he has every reason to stay in that lane. 'cause that is his lane. This motherfucker's from the Bronx, bro. He's got Edgar, he's got a, but I know W Jimmy had to save conversation. You know what I'm saying? Jimmy ain't going to act. Jimmy ain't acting No way. That's not Jimmy's Bob. That's Not, nah, it ain't Jimmy's, it ain't Jimmy's not acting Bro. He's not trying to do that though. He's not designing rocket chips. He's not collecting dinosaur bones. He's making these videos. I kind get What you're saying, like, like are you saying do what you're good at or are you saying like, I'm saying, saying, Saying Shut up.


I, I'm saying, You know what I'm Saying? I'm, I'm saying do what you love but definitely don't discount what you're doing. And, and, and it sounds like your next step, step is like movies perhaps. Think about a way to like re refine and then grow your current empire. 'cause it's, it is different. And like I've done, I've done all of it. But he's he is right dude, you have to do it yourself. Yeah. You have to do it yourself. And I just, I just relate from my experiences. 'cause I'm a, I look around, I'm like a vet at this point and some of like the acting stuff. I, I realize it ultimately kind of was a waste of time for me. And, and, and, and, and you, you, you, you have the keys to the castle Who has had, who has had some success acting out. 'cause 'cause you know, You know the, the Drake line athletes, we wanna be them.


They wanna be us. Yeah. Yeah. That shit, when I look at mainstream, every mainstream star nowadays has a team, a pr You know, associate trying to show them how to do social media. Mm. Because they know that it's important that they go this way. That is true then. And then a lot. And, and, and by the way, it's gonna be harder for them. We could go and fuck around and do movies and shit like that and then come back home them trying to appear to be, But that's what I want to do. I don't wanna full blown The for Sure shit At all. For Sure. I just wanna like for Sure. Oh, I did this, it was Cool. Do it. You should do it. It's some funny shit. You should, but I want, this is where I'm at. Yeah. This is what I, And by and by and by the way, counter and I wanna go back to if anybody's had success, but counter the point. 'cause you, he is Right. Like when you have a lane and, and a success at the level that y'all, that y'all do, then yes, you should be milking that shit as much as you can.


But I took a break right after we started the podcast when we had early success. And I, I was like, oh, I'm gonna put this book out that's gonna end up being my legacy. That book is my legacy. So a best USA today bestseller, you know, number one, Amazon overall audiobook just got optioned for a movie, which we haven't even talked about yet. Like, and I did that on some, almost on some like side shit. Yeah. So, so you, you, you wanna stay focused on the mission, but if there's shit that speaks to you and draws you out Yeah. It makes you feel like it's something that excites you. Yeah. Spend some, spend 10% on it, 20% on it, you know. Nah, facts. I agree. Because What's your goal? What's your, like overall, what's your overall goal? Like in, I don't Fucking know. Yeah, Me neither.


You don't? Yeah. I Got no, like The overall goal, the end goal, bro. Like it changes all the time. Mm. Do you have one right Now? I literal, I literally moved the Goal called a moving target. Yeah. Fair. Yeah. Like all the time. That's, that's, that's if you would've asked me this 10 years ago, I would've said yo momma house and move out the hood. Yeah. I did that. What about right now? Now it's like, right Now Bigger Shit. Like what? I don't wanna, You know what I'm saying? But you but you do have one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For Sure. Do you believe in manifestation? I believe in prayer. Yeah. I know you're, you're, you're religious, right? Yeah. You, you attribute a lot of your success to God. What does your conversation with God look like? That's a conversation that only me and he knows.


Fair. Yeah. You talk to him every day. I try to. Yeah. Hmm. And, and, and I'm, and I'm sure you believe that that relationship with the God that you worship is a big part of your success. Yes. So in a way that's kind of manifestation Prayer. Yep. Different word faith. Yep. Yep. I just Feel like people say manifestation did not say prayer. Yeah. Yeah. Fair prayer, man. Yeah, yeah. Prayer. You ever try to get, you ever try to get into habit with it. If you have trouble doing it every day I say I, I'll say plea and Thank you. Like I wake up in the morning and say please. And then I'll say Thank you at night. That's Awesome. God, That's dope. You know what I'm saying? Just because if that's all you can say every day is please God in the morning and Thank you God, at night You're, You're, I have a, You know, I'm, yeah.


Something similar, but I say it in Spanish, so I say Vo and No, I say when I wake up every day I go to sleep, I be like, feel me? Like, and then I just, with with with God, I wake up with God, I, I go to sleep. And then in the name of the, I don dunno how to translate it perfectly, but in the name of Father Son, the Holy Spirit. Yeah, Exactly. How Are you, how are you evolving that relationship? Like, like for me, I, I've been a bit stale for some time and recently Sarah has been bringing me to church in Miami to Vu church.


That, that's crazy. Which is Cool. I didn't even know there was a church in Miami that just seems such, Well they con two, well they call, well they call like, like 11 and shit like that. They say Welcome, welcome home. And they call that like the church there, which is fucked up. Yeah. Miami's got a real dichotomy going on. There's, I mean, every, every city, I mean New York does, You know, there's good and evil. It's New York's the city of good and evil, right? Vegas, all these cities have good and evil. But I've been trying to evolve out of it because I don't know, for me personally, I've always tried to, to, to lead to, to lead and show God through positivity and, and positive action and, and do as much positive work as possible.


You know what I'm saying? And I falter all the time. I fuck up a lot. Yeah. Nobody's perfect bro. Yeah. And that's another thing that I've had to remind myself from time to time. Yeah, me too. I ain't gonna lie. Like nobody's perfect. And those who you may seem like, you may feel like they got everything go, they got going on. It's just an facade at times. Everybody go through they shit. I'm gonna ask you a real ass question right now. Can you, can you share an experience you've had recently where you may have slipped up or made a mistake and then learned from it and had a period of growth? Because you're right, no one is perfect and I'm Yeah. Facts and, and I, I, I think, I think like sharing tribulation and, and hardship in one's life can, But my shits are not that extreme no more.


They used to be okay. They used to be so like, out of it. Like, I remember like being like super, like in the Bronx head was never braided. Like going through it mentally taking shit. Am I supposed to be taking like, you feel me? Like you could probably, you feel me like Yes. Out of it. And this, I literally, I was talking about this on stream two days ago, I swear to God. And I remember like opening my bible going on it. Psalms 91 feel me? S and like calming down. Mm. Like instantly. Mm. Like I would have full blown anxiety attacks, panic attacks. I'm talking about like, I, like, I would never do harm to myself, but my, I would find myself like crashing out and my hand would be through a glass, a glass mirror for Sure.


And I'm like, fuck. A lot of these cars is like fights from back then, but also like me accidentally breaking some six foot glass shit on top of me, like by accident, You know what I'm saying? Not me wanting to do that. Yeah. And like a whole bunch of dumb shit that I felt like I calmed down and, and got to me when I Got closer to God. So it, that's why, and I was literally saying the same thing on stream. 'cause some people get offended or they get like, I don't know, they get like uncomfortable when you speak about things like this. And I say, I'm not trying to force it on nobody. It just, this is what worked for me. This is literally like my story. Yeah. So it's like, I, you know what I'm saying? That's what it is. But with the, with with the most recent like mess up and then like, me coming into The world, then none of them are not like too extreme recently.


Mm. Like the most extreme shit. Like, I ate bad, super bad, super shitty, like five days straight. I'm like, fuck bro, my heart, nah, I Got, You know what I'm saying? Like, I Got really like, take care of myself. I'm, I Got this life that I was giving like, fuck, like playing bro. Yeah. And like, shit like that. But like, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme. Not so much no more though because You learn, you learn. You touched the earner so many times. I mean, that's got, I, I usually am able to keep it. I'm a, I'm a addict bro. Like, for real, like through and through and I'm, I'm a, I, it's something I've come to terms with like, I'll always have an, I'll always have something in my life that I'm having trouble with. You know what I'm saying? It, it's, it's been everything, everything under the sun right now. It's, you know, it, it could be food, you know?


For Sure. What is that? Psalms? Scripture? Yeah. What what, what's the, What is it? I can recite it perfectly. Can You gimme a, a sentiment, like the gist of it. It's like, it's to sum it up, it's like, Or even what it does for you. Like, It's like, it's like put your trust and put your faith completely in God. Mm. And it will, it's gonna, it is. And I, I start like, Things will be happening to you and you'll be seeing things around you that are like terrible, like evil and shit, right? Yep. So there's a line that says, so like, pretty much on your, on this side, a thousand will fall, 10,000 will fall on this side, but you'll still be standing like, it's like almost like evil can't touch me.


You feel me? And I don't know when I read that just, but when I, I'm, when I was like fucked up, like I'm talking about like gone. This is like changed everything. It changed the whole everything for me, bro. So that whole like that, that whole verse is like powerful to me. It's super powerful. That's awesome. My favorite one, Dude. There's, there's so much value in, in, in religion when used in that way. And like I've, I've had to change the way that I, I speak to God and give, give belief, merit. 'cause there's so much power. If you can just read a scripture and, and feel that in your heart. Yeah. And get yourself outta your own head or your own way. I have faith bro. Yeah. You have faith. I've had to learn that in my adult life.


And it's tough. I'm still learning it, bro. I'm, yeah. I, I, I, I envy you guys man. You guys, you guys, I don't like whatever happened in your life where, I don't know you guys, I feel like you have it a little More like personally figured out than I, than I ever did. That's why, that's why I kind of like led saying like, just how do you not slip up on stream? Like, you guys always just, I feel like know what to say and do next at the right time. Well You consider slipping up. I mean, I mean literally just like, like saying something that you say with your boys in the locker room. Yeah. But he can say the different, the difference for us once again was, and not only from the time standpoint, but you were, you had an application out to become the, this mainstream brand led agency led entertainer of The world.


Right. Which at the time was the rock. It was that type of vibe. Right. Even when I was doing my shit at that time, I still had to do it in your light. So even though I was a ex crackhead porn star, fucking like maniac, I still had to do it under a certain umbrella because it was under your umbrella. Right. This is a dude from the Bronx, You know what I'm saying? And I'm gonna keep bringing that up and people are probably gonna make something out of it. But I'm from close enough to this area to know what that means. Like he's a real motherfucker. Right. Rolls with people who are real too and in a different time. He's not trying to be Disney Channel With the whole like, slipping up shit.


It's just, it just depends. Like I never used like the f slur like that. Like that was not my, never been my Thing. Okay. That's a good one. Yeah. So it's Like, yeah, like you telling me you can't say that. I'm like, okay, I don't even say that. Yeah. Like being like anti whatever. I'm not homophobic is not hard for me. But I think that's is that's what you mean because that's where like, it like seems like it's going because people get banned on twit for being at bro. Yeah. Twit Twit Twitch is pretty strict with their Yeah. They They be on that shit. Yeah. They definitely Kick is Kick is different bro. Kick is different Kick. You can do any, yeah, The rules are Different. You can do anything you want on Kick. Right, Bro.


Kick. I don't know what the Fuck he got. Nah, no, no, nah, nah. It's Bro, I was doing the sq c about this. I was like, bro, what the fuck is going on over there bro? It's like, but they getting better though. They're getting better from what I said. They are. They are. I've seen it as well. I mean if Aiden, if Aidan dips it's, Is it, it's Gigi's. Talk to me about the Honeys. Who's the honeys? We Smashing? Who's the Honeys? Man? I don't know. I'm sure you get some Honeys. The hoes? Yeah, the Hues, the hoes the high. I don't like with, with the creator. Hush. I'd be kind of staying away from the bitches. But what about in general Bro? The Hus bro. Chill the hu on. I'm saying they be watching this shit. No, 'cause I know how it works bro. You get a little famous, you got a money, But the houses is coming before the, the, all this other shit too.


It's just that the HUDs is multiplied now, but it ain't, You know what I'm saying? You gotta have, you gotta be reserved bro. Chill. You know what I'm saying? Be calm, collected. So you, you got a ro you don't have a roster. He ain't, he ain't saying Alright. Alright. How, how He smart bro? What's The, what's the, what's the type? I don't have a type which Is great. Wide open. Even all the way over to the Duke side of things. What that mean? You do a lot of glazing doing the F1 thing. I that's gl that's Not glazing. Yo Duke. Yo Duke suck yo. Like that's not true. I was with y'all, I was with y'all for a total. No, 'cause I was saying the snow bunny shit a lot. Yeah because that's like a, it's the same thing. Shit. Shit as it is with you with food. Like it becomes a brand thing. You know what I'm saying?


But he not, He, he's like a snow bunny. He's not a snow bunny person Bro. You need, but That's the, but it is like a brand thing for him. Like people say it, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like people say It. Yeah. Yeah. But Is he even into that? I Don't fucking know bro. Alright, so you have no type I that I don't have no type bro. Is Cardi B your type Cardi? I like Dominican girls a lot. Like, but I, bro, I don't have a type though. Yeah, but I think you're her type. I'm Inclined more to, if they speak Spanish, that's a plus for me too. Oh yeah, because I'm bilingual so I'll give you a joking English and Spanish. Damn. That's it. But like, I'm trying to match, make some shit right now. Chill bro. No, because I see her commenting on your, on your shit. Shit. Oh. She's wave shit. She was like, she wanna come on stream and have fun 'cause I be playing those type of shit Bro.


What's good? That's Cardi BI Turn that up. Right. What's good? I Turn that shit up. Is I don is that your dream guest or No, I don't have A dream guest. I don like having guests on stream. I fuck with em, but I fuck with card. I ain't gonna lie. But like, I don't have like a, I don wanna do this with this person. I ain't gonna lie. I'm not, it's not me. No. Kyle likes doing that shit. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. Kais More like he likes to and that's cool as shit. I'm more, me and Duke kind of similar. Duke don't like having people on stream. Yeah. Like Duke had Rich homie Quan before he passed. Yeah. Like for me, like I remember that we collab with Fuey generally. Like cool. Now I saying that he doesn't, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because Carter Finn finna have somebody that, but it's More like, look what the, with with the max situation, like that shit went left. You know what I'm saying? Like stuff like that. Like I, I like to be with people who I generally like, yo, I fuck with this person all day.


Like is There someone right now Who, who is that for you? Carter would be tough. Yeah. Shot for Cardi B. Yeah. This would be weird. But like, I don dunno if he'd do it like Zel Washington, not just ask him a thousand questions. Oh yeah, That, yeah. That'd be cool. Shit. I think his movie, the Gladiator was the highest Thing. High. His highest His highest grossing movie ever. Ever. Which is cool. And even like, like in your world, like wrestlers like the Rock could be tough. Oh my God. Yeah. Like I met the Rock at the GQ end of the year. Super tough. Like, I mean I saw John, I attacked John Cena. That ass. Yeah, that ass. Did you like John in real life? Yeah, He's cool. Cool. Big ass hands.


He cool. Yeah, that ass. He's Just, yeah. Solid guy. Nah, he's dope bro. He's super dope. He literally put me aside after and was like, bro, like Thank you for like having me here and shit. Like, this was like, 'cause I streaming is not scripted. So it's like, he's very like, he was like, Oh yeah, that's, yeah. And he was cool. He was cool, man. Like, you straight up, you straight up took a burger out of John Cena's hand. Yeah. That was fired. Text. You can't see me. Yeah. Yeah. That Was hard. He's that type of guy who will like, shake everyone's hand in the room. And it's refreshing to see a celebrity of his stature. Just be as cordial as he is. Nah, he's super dope, bro. Yeah. Like it it gave down to Earth. Yeah, exactly. It did. No, it really did. I wanna meet Shawn Michaels.


I ain't gonna lie. Oh, he's, I want to meet. Oh, you're, you're like a proper wrestling fan. Yeah. Like Ray Mysterio 6 1 9 s go. 6 4 9. Let's go. I was gonna ask you like, like when you, like, how the fuck you got a drizzling? I don't even, I mean, I guess I'd do, I Got invited to do a celebrity match. Okay. I did it and I went backstage. I was watching it and I, I couldn't believe it was me. I like believed that I was a wrestler as a, as a unbiased like fan watching this person who was, was me. I was like, oh, oh shit. I, I could think I could do this. And like the fans like it and like my friends are all like giving me high fives and shit. Like I might have to fucking do this. So I think I'm gonna, you should do something with the WWE e dude, bro.


I'm trying. That'd be fucked. You should do something. I'm sure they'd love to have. If, if you're a fan you could Do that shit. Like, Bro, you should do, you should. Let's have that conversation. That's for Sure. For the right thing. That'd be od it's Fun as Fuck. You know, I've never been to like a match either. Like you haven't, bro. I never been to, but, You know, watch Wrestle. I watch WrestleMania like on tv, bro. Like, like I feel like it's like, so Yo wild. It Is, it is fucking, the energy Be Insane. The energy is insane. And I'm, and I'm telling you in person the moves even look 10 times more intense than they do on tv. It's people, these people are doing things that like you shouldn't do to another human. Yeah. It These people do you mean you?


Yeah. Well That's what I'm saying. I, I, I, I like, I like, I like, I I I don't Rick the Rick, I, I still can't believe I do that. I do that shit. I Don and you gotta do re it has to be WrestleMania. That Shit is Nah, that I crazy. WrestleMania and Vegas. It's like a hundred thousand people. People, Bro. That's what this Allegiance stadium. Yeah. It's gonna go crazy. Yeah, you should do some. You're are you gonna be back in time for that? No, brother, come on. I'm retired. I'm a dad, bro. He's taking time off, dude. I'm my dad Pops. Yeah. Are you're a dad of eight kids. 19 kids. Damn bro. My guys get, that's when we stick out the hus everywhere Now. I don't got no shits bro. But One Day why? The niggas never believe me when I say that shit one Day I, I don't know, just Means kids. I have no kids. Yeah, I know. I know.


Zero. None. But I joke, I, I play too. This the only shit about when you troll you play too much. They, they, they grab it and it's just over. Like So check this out. We realized that if you're too fucking sarcastic people don't get it. Don. No. I Literally said a joke about being a dead father. Right. Like two years ago I said, fuck them kids. I'm finna just, I don't care. It went on like the wrong side of the internet. Facebook, I guess, or whatever the fuck Facebook. And it just, those people just grabbed it and just like, wow. I cannot believe he thinks like that. Unbelievable. Yeah. Unsubscribers from all people. You was never subscribed. He was never sub up, but he was, don't watch this. Yeah. You can't be too sarcastic. But we still Do it. Yeah. Yeah.


We still do it all the time. We never, we never stop. Yeah. Yeah. Do do you have kids? Like when you think about your future, is there little kids in the future? Yeah, I'm want five kids. Will you still be living in the a and house? Sometimes. Like I can't. It's five kids Bro. I know, but I know It'd be, it'd be funny, but like, it'd be funny is that fear for them little legit. Like, they'd be like, bro, Kai's wilding downstairs, like gonna be doing some shit. I don't know. The problem is your girl, I don't think your girl's gonna want do that. Yeah, that's a fact. She'll, she'll be like, dude, like, what, what the the fuck are we doing? Fuck Yeah. I'm like, yo bro. Just, Just chill bro. It depends. I mean, they got some of those crazy like reality star chicks that do a good job of it. You know what I'm saying? You think I'm gonna cover for reality Star Chick?


I don't know what's gonna happen to you, bro. I I'm not, I don't see the future. I'm Not into that bro. I ain't gonna lie. I, I still away from No, I, No, I actually, you, you definitely won't. You'll you'll, you'll have some like, Like Chick you meet outside the bodega or some shit like that. Like a proper, You know what I'm saying? Like a prop. I could tell just Mike Be trying shit. I could Tell. Just keep you freestyling. Nah. 'cause you seem no. 'cause you seem like you stayed grounded. I actually wanted to ask you a really important question. Yeah. What's up? Because of where you're from, which I, which I hold a lot from where A lot of esteem from. From the Bronx, Bronx. The, the ex hip hop because it's a weird time face of hip hop. Yeah. So, okay, so what do you, You know what, like I would ask you what you're listening to right now, but like, what are your, listen, who are your goats Of all time?


There's so many. Who's Like your go, who's like your go-to, like your number one guy Right now? Right now? Or like, because you're not old 'cause you're not old enough for like pun and shit like that. I mean, You know what? Hell Bumping. Big pun. But I'm Just saying. Listen, listen, listen. I don't know about every other genre. Yeah. Yeah. But when it comes to hip hop, you gotta do your homework. Yep. Do your Homework. Who came Before? A hundred percent. Like I was, but my favorite rapper as a kid was Biggie Smalls. I didn't even know he died. Like I, I was a kid. Like, yo Biggie is so tough. His new album's gonna and come, You know he died right? Like the year he was born. Right. I'm like, what? Like that shit was like crazy for me. Hey, hey. Not to interrupt you pin that for a second, but does it trip you out that Biggie died at age 2025?


I didn't even know he died at that age, Bro. Bro, him and Tupac like 24 and 25. You know so much. D as I Didn't even know they age So much. Done. Isn't that, bro. They're gonna live forever. And they were so young and ahead of their time. Facts fucks me up younger than you. Two years younger than you, we died. Facts. That's crazy. That's crazy. But you did your homework For Sure. Always do your homework. Yeah. Like the big puns of The world. Right. Fat Joe Terror Squad. Right. Like even KS one, like you could go deep. You could go, bro. Especially I Got it made like you have to do your homework because the samples come from them. From them and then they, they they sample RB stuff and then this and that. Like, you gotta do your homework. If you don't, you can't speak on it. You don't gotta do your homework. Mm. Gotta do your homework. Did You, have you seen all of the, this is is big for me.


Have you seen all the like, movies from that era? Have you ever seen Belly Paid in full? Paid in full is amazing. Okay. One of my favorite. Okay. I'm just, I'm just gug I'm just gauging you a little bit. Checking to see how, how No, because I didn't, I didn't know 27. He could have came out and been on some like, You know Playboy shit. I like cardio. Of course. I like, bro, I'm Joey Badass, dude. Like, yep. Like Rocky. Yep. Like bro, I'm, I like music so I'm gonna do my homework, bro. Like, I like, I don't know Drake too, shit. Kendrick too, like older. There he go. Oh, there he go. Someone did it. There he go. He said it, it, It's a good question. And taken into consideration the album that just dropped too. I mean, I haven't heard The album Yet. You haven't listened to it? No. It's pretty good.


There's some track, there's some tracks on it. I Like Kendrick though. Drake is my favorite artist though. I dead ass like Kendrick though. This This thing that just happened this year was ridiculous. It it, it doesn't make any sense to me. Like, we all know that Kendrick is a lyricist. He's a one, he's a, he's a fantastic, I've seen a ratings come out a couple days ago, somebody did like a top 50 rappers put Jay at number one, which I have no problem with. Dey. I Like Dey. I Got no problem with that. It's, it's, you gotta kind of have that argument with people and that discussion with people nowadays because it's been so long since Black album came out. Reasonable doubt's been decades. Yeah. Reasonable doubt. And Kendrick got number two to me. That's crazy. To me that is maybe Recency bias.


No, no. This is of all time hip Hop Artist of all time. But Kendrick is tough though. Number two. Number two, think about what that's, think about what you're saying there or what they're saying there. That means, that means Who would you put that to? Who would you put that one? I feel you are a Drake fan. You put No, I do. I do. I do fuck with Drake a lot. I I think it's impossible not to. I think the, the scoreboard of the number speaks for themselves. And he's ver and he's super versatile dude. Right. For me, New York for me, the New York hip hop scene and sorry, lp, we'll do four minutes of this. The New York hip hop scene between 99 and 2004 is the most important scene in hip hop. Maybe a lot Was part of that era.


50, right. 2000. All Of June dip. Set. Set, bro. Everybody Cam and them Like crazy. Oh God. Crazy bro. Oh God is so much So, so for me, I, but also like, even going back a few years, like you gotta, for me, I'd have to have Nas somewhere up there. Nas in the top five. Just from a lyricism standpoint. If M and Mss, if rule The World, like M and Mss probably gotta be up there. I didn't bump too much M but I I was, well I was doing crack cocaine. Did he Do crack cocaine too? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He did everything. It's a shit. True drug addict. I was 60. The first Mom Just passed too. Just died yesterday. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. His mom just passed 69 years Old in Paradise. Damn. What a, we what a weird scenario too for that because they had that situation where he was always, you know, they had a terrible relationship it seemed like.


And he was always talking really negatively. Yeah. But I bet you that still, I mean, you get one mom. Yeah. You only get one. So I don't know. But that's tough. Losing the parent is never easy. Lung cancer facts. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah, Bro. That's ass bro. That's the thing. You, I, I was talking about this on another show the other day. You, you, I always thought that like, if you made enough money that you would, you could just like beat all the health problems and billionaires die every day for some weird shit. But Billy be like, they just, I don't know this. They like, I don't know. I feel like they just, they speed run through life. And then Now I was like, all right, I'm gonna just do mad random shit. And that's what ends up cooking them. Yeah. Like the guy in the submarine. Yeah. Like, Oh you doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like what are you doing?


Risk Just seems risky. Yeah. Yeah. There was a guy in a yacht recently too. Rest of the, they, They just try shit that they, in my opinion, they just doing, 'cause they, they did everything bro. Like, yeah, okay. Yeah. That it starts to get, that's where all that weird, like you do, you follow all the like Illuminati shit. Do do, are you on X on Twitter? On Twitter? Yeah, I'm on Twitter. Is do you see the Weird shit? Depends. Everybody's feet different. My, my feet is, I think Twitter fight were one of the most negative platforms on Earth. I terrible. Terrible Is look like whole day. Huh? What does your feed look like? It like, it's just, right now we're just, I'm gonna just check School fights, shootings. Political is, thats a hundred percent Bro.


Mine right now. UAPs everywhere. No, I'm sure you get a little bit of it. Ufo Gonna, it's just UFOs, UFOs, UFOs Sometimes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh my God. UFOs. But my shit is mixed. Like, it just mixed. Like, it just depends. Like, You know what? It ain't that bad but when it, when it is bad though. Yeah, it is negative shit. Get crazy. It think pieces for everything. Yeah. They on clips some shit from this podcast for Sure. And it's gonna, it's going to be a think piece that got 80 to a hundred thousand likes on. It's Be stupidest nut, nutty dude. Have you tried rapping or do Music? Yeah. Facts. Facts. Yeah. Because you sound like you could do it. I like music. I don't like the industry, but I like making music. You don't like the music industry? No. What do you not like? Terrible. Just bro, it's sharks and like a bunch of weird shit going on.


And like a lot of fabrication. A lot of like, like facades running left and right. Everywhere. The deals are trash too. Yeah. But but, but if you're like self-made, you can, you can, you can Do it. Yeah. You do it. No, no, no. A hundred percent. You have songs. Yeah, I do play An unreleased track. I Don't have unreleased music. I have music that I've made with like a and p stuff. Damn. But it's hard though. It's good shit. I think it's good shit. Like the last time. Oh yeah, y'all did decipher and shit. Oh God, that's right. Yeah. You get, you be freestyling A lot. Say Again? You freestyle a lot To like Yeah, some playing around shit. But you mean like for the, for the songs? No, just Be, you just be fucking around like Yeah, yeah. All the time. But that's a New York thing.


Oh Yeah, a hundred percent. I Might be an East Coast thing. Yeah, a hundred percent. We do the same shit. Where you from? Ohio. Oh no. Well hold On, hold on. It's, it is kind of on the East coast. Like if you look at the, not the United States and you look East Ohio near the coast. See I'm happy. Well we have a Lake. Lake Erie. I'm happy you at least give give like how Many al to you gonna eat dog? Oh no. I like these Bitches bro. You've eaten five. Oh, Sponsor me please. No. Nah. I Got a better one for you. What? I'll talk about that I'm happy that you give a little bit of, of like overall east coast love because it's hard to get that from New Yorkers bro. Really? Yeah, because like, let's be honest, New York is the epicenter. Right? So like it's the mecca. It's the Mecca. Right. It spreads out.


And I've always called it like, how far Does it spread? Like to Ohio? No, It you Well I'm just Goes My opinion. It goes New York City. You gotta have Jersey, brick city, Newark, boom. You gotta have Philly. Right? Well No hold on. No, no, no. Now you're moving. Well you're moving too quick. What You mean you gotta Have but spread it out. It start New York City. You want me to grab Connecticut, New York City? I'm gonna grab Connecticut. I'm not saying that. No, it will be but look it, you got New York City, right? New York City. That epicenter. Then you roll it out a little bit. You got the tri-state. The tri, the tri-state is a thing. 'cause it's the tri-state. Yeah. Is how you look at it. New York, New Jersey, Connecticut going some weird Connecticut. You wanna probably Pull, I'm gonna bring Connecticut in anyways because you been to Bridgeport. I know Bridgeport. Yeah. No, I been to, they have another shit out there. I don New Haven.


New Haven. Yeah. But New Haven. I Got good ass malls and shit. Yeah. Y'all roads are beautiful though. Nice roads. Yes. That's what you're gonna give us. Yes. Roads? Yes. Highway potholes are the same as New York City. Nah bro. Shithole bro. Nah, them state troopers over there. Nah. Oh, they don't not fuck around. I was telling, I just had my girl there all week. I was like, brother come out with the hat and everything. It's crazy bro. They ain't fucking around. Ohio ain't make like, okay, here's a question. So because I, I talk about this all the time. East Coast, east Coast, like bread different. If I raise kids it will be here. It sets you up for success for the rest of your life. If you're from, if you're from this little pocket, you're built different hustle than everybody else. Hustle in The world. Right. How far south does it go?


My cutoff Actually I'll ask you first. How far, how far south does the East coast? East Coast. Damn. Because at what point does it become the south? Anything under Philly is not East Coast. What'd You say? Anything under Philly? Lemme lemme double check Anything on up at us Map. Yeah, because you wouldn't put Delaware as East Coast, Would you? My cutoff is, that's crazy. My cut off is DC would No, my cutoff. But look, look when pe there's East Coast, like the little what you're saying right there. Little dots and there's a actual whole coast. Yes. Correct. Yeah, Because see you, you get, it's a difference between being from the east coast and being from the East coast. There're two very different things. Yeah. True. You know what I'm saying? Ohio. Ohio. Ohio's the Midwest. I I'm gonna concede and say Ohio's the Midwest. I gotta represent 'cause you guys just keep talking about Wait, LeBron is from Ohio East.


Yeah, he's from Ohio. Cleveland. Same as me. Basically the same person. It isn't, you need a shoulder rub bro. You are, you've been sitting like this, this whole podcast and I've just, I I feel like you are a tense dude. I am. I am Tense. Would you mind booking him a massage on me? I'm gonna do this. Let's, I'll take that. I'm gonna do this for you. I'm a SI I'll take that. Yeah, I am. I am very tense and stressed out. We'll talk about it in the next episode. Mm. I've been, I've been thinking about that nonsense. 'cause there's Duke from the east coast. No. Yeah. Well, mm. Not the bubble we talking about, but he's from, from South Carolina. South Carolina. Yep. Agent's from Canada. Davis is from Atlanta, Georgia. Me and ca both from the Bronx and Chris is from PG County in Maryland. Who, Who else is here right now? Who are you living in New York now?


No, I just, I don't know. I came for Thanksgiving. And you're still staying in I'm gonna leave Tomorrow To Atlanta. Yes. Got it. A TL Magic city on a Monday. I don't do trip clubs that much. That place is not a, that, that's a circus. I heard it saying good ass wigs and shit. Shit there The best wings. Well, Atlanta has crazy wings in general. Huh? Y'all got crazy wings in general in Atlanta. Everywhere has good wings in Atlanta. In my opinion. The food in the a TL is like, y'all gotta tag me with the good restaurant. But I, I be going against bullshit food, bro. Like it Ash. Yeah. But because New York got the, in my opinion, best's food in New Orleans. Best LA's really good too though. Mm. Burger I don burgers shit. No, They got pasta. Y'all don't like pasta bro. That shit Good as food.


Yeah, but hot. Yeah. But wait, if you're talking about pasta, New York smokes. Yeah. You right. Yeah. Miami too wavy. I don't like Miami. I'm going tonight four hours. Miami. Miami's tricky. Dude. Miami's, Miami's crazy. I feel like when I go to Miami, I, I can feel years just being shaved off my life. Like you gotta, you're a dad. Like are you raising your kid? Where? Like in, can you see? Yeah. Well I live in Puerto Rico, so Puerto Oh, Puerto Rico's fine. Puerto Rico from the, yeah. Yeah. It's honestly fantastic. It amazing. But it kind of, what he was saying, it's, it's not, it doesn't completely feel like real life. 'cause it's like, it's just, anyways where I live, it's just, it's really nice and I definitely don't want my kid to grow up feeling and being spoiled and entitled and, and so I, I I I so I I probably Thought that like, I thought that shit.


Yeah. And then, 'cause I was, I always said, oh, I'm gonna make my kid be in the Bronx for at least two years and then go to Dr. Yeah. Type shit. Yeah. I went to school for Dr for a year and I thought that made me, me. Right. The hustle, whatever, whatever. But then I've met some rich ass kids that got the same hustle, probably even more. Yeah. Great Kids. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, d motherfuckers never seen the trenches. Yeah. And they, they attacked more, they more, they're more vocal, more. I'm like, bro, where You seen that at? But I swear I've seen that. Who, it happens. It happens. You know, you don't know them. But nah, because all the ones that I've met, it, it also depends on what level of wealth you're talking about. A because if you're, if you're talking about somebody that grew up with like a, with parents that have like a couple s and have like a nice house or whatever, that's one thing. But once you get to that level where like the dad's got fucking $700 million, it's, they don't owe a private school.


It's Europeans. Mike. It's Europeans old money. Old money knows how to raise successful, driven kids who don't feel like they're entitled to everything. Like Warren Buffett at first said he wasn't gonna give his kid shit and now he's rolled it back and they're actually gonna distribute. 'cause 'cause 'cause then there's a whole nother layer, layer of wealth that we don't talk about on the show where your biggest trouble in life is. How do I give all this away? Because you have so much money. Yeah, yeah. Like Warren Buffett has so much money, they has to figure out a way to give it away. They have nuts. He has to have enough people in a company that they can all work all day to give the money away fast. Enough's Nuts. You wanna be that rich. Nah, that's not even rich. That's Uber. You know. But he's, Warren Buffet's a different story than everybody else. He's, he, from what I understand, he's still kicking it in these little ass houses.


They ask him what's in his wallet. It's the green Amex. Not even the gold one. No, just he's, he's a special Warren Buffet's a special type of dude. But you'll never be able to avoid a lot of it, of spoiling your children a lot. Because that means you gotta, you gotta become unspoiled. So you wanna, you wanna raise your, if you wanna raise your kids in that way, guess what? No. Fast pass to Six Flags. Get in line. Yeah. We had to wait in line. I used to wait in line at great, great Six Flags. Great adventure in Jersey for three Hours. So wait in line for Jordans for, are you Serious to ride one ride, get, get a pair of shoes, whatever, back of the plane? Yeah. No, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. You're Gonna ride an economy you gotta Teach from though. Like Yeah, you have to. Yeah. You teach. You Have to. But once again, like once again the, the kids I don that are like, I mean they're doing really well for themselves.


And their parents are like 102 around here, big boys. They bro, they hustlers gang. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I'm like damn. Yeah. So it Is, it is skewed the way I think it's, it's Parenting you just is parents, you just be a good parent. But part of being a good parent, Mike is leading by example. So yeah, we are gonna fly commercial economy, teach these kids what real life is like. And then when they feel like they have a good, when I feel like they have a good grip on reality. I don't believe You. I'll do it. I don't believe you. I don don't think you're sitting 36 f on Jet Blue. I don't believe. 36. You know what the one thing IIII probably won't Do is well you scream for comfort At least. No, no middle, middle seat. The ones that don't recline next to the bathroom. But Then you have to like, you still have to talk to That's, that's what I fly Sarah in.


Because if they know like you're up your dog, you got that dog shit, they, they don't give a Fuck. No. That's true. That's true that they won't be happy with me all the time. But that's the thing. Another Altoids Dude, you love the outdoors. How's your breath Probably Fired? Mincy. He about have, he's about to have five kids Right when he walks outta here, Bro. Wait, did you see the cops beat the shit outta somebody on the way up? I swear bro. What happened? I Don't know what happened. You Took a video? Yeah, Bro. Put it on TikTok quick. Nah, nah boy they, they hot, they beat the fuck out bro. Like can here see that shit. But they over there though. Damn. New York's Crazy New York bro. I Crazy Weed Everywhere now too. Weed everywhere.


I don't smoke weed. So Yeah, Never ever. I have Before. But it is not my thing. Like I don't roll up. I smell it. I smell it almost every corner here. 'cause they, they legalized it. You Begin. You, you, you, we smoker. I have a, I have a, I have a Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Great answer. But I'm working on it 'cause it's my relationship with weed needs to, it needs to What Did it do to you Long term? Dude, it, it, it, it imbalances the chemicals in my brain. And I, and I and I become like not super friendly. Oh please. When I, when I'm not high. Yeah. I ha I I think I'm predisposed to this thing called like hyper cannabinoid syndrome. Yeah. Where you get, you got sick and switch.


Yeah. Yeah. Like, like my body doesn't react to weed. Well if I smoke it for long periods on end, mm. I I need to watch it. Like it's, it's truthfully bro, it's my vice. Like everyone has a vice. Do you have one? Nah. No. Really? Probably like I drink tequila and shit. Like a lot of it though. Nah, that's Not a vice food. This is the guy food. Yeah. But like, no, but Nah. Yeah. Nah. Well you got no advice. You got no advice. You don't gamble. Nah. Dead ass. I don't like, I gamble here and there, but it's not, I I'm not addicted bro. Bro. How you got No, I Got advice. I probably do have what? I have to, I have to think harder. Like GTA No, you probably just ain't saying, I don saying You're probably just video games.


Maybe you're not saying but like, Maybe it's something you're not saying 'cause it's pushed. No, a hundred Percent. No it's not. I'm actually real. Like It's what, Like I'm not like No. All all jokes aside, can you lock in on Chick on one chick? Oh Yeah. I don't, I haven't tried bro. I I haven't tried Fair. But I'm saying I'm not a Last i'll a What? A die like You didn't do. You're not doing, you're not gonna do it. I'm slut. We I was vol. I'm not even gonna get into it, bro. You can have a vocal thought phase when you, when you get start getting shit done for, you could do two years, but then you gotta, you gotta clean it up. Yeah, but I'm just saying like in terms of vice and shit, I Don by the way, and by the way, you being vocal about that, it's not gonna push any of them away.


I assure you. I assure you bro. I'm not trying to I'm not trying to take you bro. Hey, I'm the chill guy. We got a chill guy. Chill guy. We got a Chill guy's. It, that's It. Okay, excellent. Alright dude, well this has been a pleasure, man. Ws yeah, thanks for, for coming on. I, I'm excited to see what you do next. Hell, yeah. And I think you guys are really on the forefront of some shit and I, I, I take notes from your content and your energy is contagious, mad respect and props for everything you've built, man. Thank you bro. It, it is impressive. And most importantly due the amount of kids you're inspiring just in this area alone, the exact area we're sitting is, Is it the ripple effect of, of, of your content will be everlasting and facts.


Congratulations man. Thank You nigga. Y'all been going crazy too. No, Cat. Yeah. Trying bro. We'll get you involved in the WWE as well. Nah, Let's cook up. Trying to cook up. Let's go. Phantom. Ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for watching your pulse. If you not subscribe, hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy.