
This guy is trying to live forever. Are you a Vampire? Yes. Why did you take your son's blood and put it in your body? I mean, my son is here. Tell me, do you wanna come say hi, Blink twice if he tricked you into doing it? Yeah. I have the best biomarkers of anybody on the planet. So if there were an Olympic sport for health, I would be the gold medalist. Steve will do it as healthier than you. Sleep is the most powerful drug. To demonstrate this, I achieved the best sleep score in human history. So there's five habits you want to do for sleep. I am happier than almost anybody. I think I have a more fulfilled life than anybody. Well, you got me. Be like, basically, I have already died. Brian Johnson is dead. What Was Liver King's real name? Yeah. Brian Johnson. Because Dude, he also sat on this podcast and said, Brian Johnson died. Let me tell you the story real quick about Brian Johnson. That guy's fucking gone Dead.


2030 is gonna make 2025. Look like the third century. We're all MPCs. Who's the main character? Roman Ray. My internal body clock is 0.57. My birthday's every 21 months. All right. So How much will makes Burger take off your life roughly The same as one cigarette? 20 minutes. Fine. When you do things like Benji at night, there's a calculation of how much you're actually dying. You Do that, Mike. Well, You do too. You just scu back. No, it's sick because, no, it's sick. Because you're right. And what you're describing is right. Potato chips, if I past you in and out, whatever. I like drinking. Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian, Brian.


I was, was about to go on stage last night or in the ring? In the ring. Yeah. I don't feel like my higher ups would've liked that. Why? I don't know. You're not a wrestler. What? What would you have done? Brought Peace. You know, like, bro, bro Broke peace. No. At a, at a wrestling event. We don't want peace. We want violence. Yeah, that's true. Have you ever wrestled against someone that can live forever? No. No. Can't hurt 'em. Yeah. Is that true? You're unscathed un invincible. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm the escape artist for death. Whoa. Brian Johnson, ladies and gentlemen, Give him, give him a, give him a fucking blurb. All this guy right here is trying to live forever. Well, Forever is not a construct that the human mind can currently understand.


Maybe not Your mind. No, no. Decades. Leave the crack out of it. These are his, these are Brian's words, but a, a, a, a large increase in lifespan. That's what we're talking about today, right? Is that right? An extremist. You're an extremist. Whoa. Who's taken things to the extreme trying to do things with your body, treating it as a Guinea pig so you can try to extend your life lifespan. Longevity. But not only that, Brian, you're a successful tech entrepreneur. You just have a, a Netflix documentary called Don't Die, come Out. Congratulations on that, by the way. Thanks. I just watched it. Sold. Sold Braintree, Venmo, Venmo, the payment processor. I use it regularly for $300 million. You're a rich guy. You're a live forever guy, and you're guy.


Congratulations for All three of those things. Thanks guys. Appreciate That. And Brian, I like you. You're, you're always, you're so smiley. And every time we've, we've met up, it's been all, it's been so friendly. But dude, I'm not gonna Take it easy on you in this podcast. No, I'm not. I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask you the hard hitting questions. All Right. I'm ready for it. Are you a Vampire? Yes. Yeah. I mean, my, my temp, my internal body temperature is 93.4 Fahrenheit. I'm five degrees lower than 98.7. Dude, Stop fucking with me, dude. Yeah. Wait, wait. Repeat that one more time for anybody like myself who missed a small part of it. So, a normal body temperature is 98.7. 96 7 Thereabouts. Yeah. Mine's 93.4. Okay. How, why, and is that a good thing?


Yeah. So we, I mean, the theory is animals, animal species that have lower metabolic rates, lower body temperatures, live longer Turtles. So lower metabolic rate. Is there another example? Sorry, turtles. I wanted to, So much is conveyed in that. Yeah. Yeah. But like a, you just, we know this colder things typically do better. Now there's some exceptions where dolphins run a little hotter, but generally speaking, the combination of having no inflammation in my body, having, being on caloric restriction, You know, a very pristine diet, my body temp has dropped five degrees. It's pretty stunning. Dude, Your lifestyle is insane.


In what way? It just So extreme. And, and you have to be so committed to do it. You're, you're, you take how many pills a Day? 50. And you're, you have a hundred percent sleep score for the past. Yeah. Like year. And you work out every single day. No caffeine, no alcohol, all the things you'd expect, like the best behaving person to do and the healthiest person to do. Would you, would you say you're probably one of the healthiest people in The world? I think it is accurate to say I have, I am the most healthy person in the entire world. I have the best comprehensive biomarkers of anybody on the planet. So if there were an Olympic sport for health, I would be the gold medalist.


Steve will do it as healthier than you. Who Steve will do it. I, I'm a hundred percent positive that Steve will do it as the healthiest person on the planet. Okay. He's a, he's another creator, super focused on health cold plunges every day. He's, he's an excessive drinker and gambler. He's got some faults. Okay. But I, but I believe that if you went head to head with him, all right. You, you guys would've a showed up. He Would at least be a, a close second. Yes. Okay. Can we go one by one? Yeah. By the way of things here, because Like, we're gonna go back and forth. We're gonna rapid fire. Yeah. But, but don't feel free to like, oh, That's not what I meant. Oh, I, I just meant a little bit of more regimented approach that our normal rapid fire, because you have a very regimented lifestyle. The three big ones that stick out to me in my studies, in my, in my research is diet, sleep, and exercise.


Yeah. Can you start by prioritizing the three into what is the most important for human lifespan expansion? And then tell us a little bit about what you do in those three, those three categories. Yeah. I'll explain a little bit of a methodology behind, like why we do these things. So let's just say your life expectancy in California, average life expectancy is 79 years. So you can back into that and say you die blank percent every day. Right. You can actually calculate how much your body dies every day. Right? Then if you slow that down, then you can live longer than 79 years. If you speed it up, you live shorter than 79 years. Right? Makes some sense.


So things that accelerate if you smoked or you drank, or you're obese, that accelerates your rate of death. So you're going to live fewer than 79 years. If you do good things, sleep well, exercise, et cetera, you're going to extend that. And so what we did is we said we're going to look at all the scientific evidence ever published on the evidence, on slowing down speed, aging, and accelerating aging. And then we're going to, to try to be the most don't die person in human history. So how do you slow down the speed of aging? How do you extend lifespan? And that's what we've done. And so, for example, when I say I have the best comprehensive biomarkers, for example, like my internal body clock on my speed of aging is 0.57.


You got it. Lower than 0.2. I did 0.57. Congratulations. Thank you. You've, yeah. You know, You know what? That you know about this, you know how hard that is. I, Well, like, I Got my epigenetic age done. I'm, I'm aging at 0.72. Good job. That's, that's excellent. It's Pretty solid. Mine was 1.68. Did you, did you measure, did you Measure it? I'm actually should be clocking out any stuff. No, I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. Point five seven. You, you're, you're aging like almost half as slow as the regular Person. Exactly. My birthday's every 21 months. So, so what, based on that, and I, I did do a, a analysis on my biological age, and it was, it was, I'm probably right around 1.0 because I was about my age Yeah. From a biological standpoint, which I'm, I'm trying to work on.


So that would mean that based on that marker you would anticipate in the state of California living to about 147 years old. Is that a good guess? Like guesstimate? I mean, you can, you can say it. Some number of years more than 79, but I started at one. And so we've marched our way down to 0.57. How Long did it take? Like four years to get to this level? I just like getting better and better. And We're gonna cover the things that you did. I, I wanna ask one overarching question before we even get to it. Nature versus nurture genetics. W how, how old have your, did your grandparents live to, how old do your parents now?


And how much do you think that affects your actual end game lifespan? I mean, I'm genetically disadvantaged. So I'm at this, I created this a So when I first started doing this, people would view me and they'd see the headlines and they'd be like, vampire, eccentric, billionaire, fuckhead, and You know, Dorian Gray, Prometheus, like they just Unloaded on Like, unload it. Just a string of words of like, I don't know what, but I'm repulsed. Yeah. They, they didn't know what it was. It was like some version of like, Oh God, I hate you and I want you to die. I think it's, I think the response you elicit from people is wild, by the way. It's, you're trying to live forever.


And people hate it. They hate It. They hate it. They, they give him the same response they give you. And all he is trying to do is live forever. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, I I, I, I, I could I hear some of their claims, by the way. I'm not a hater. I'm a, I'm a subscriber. 'cause I, I too am trying to live like forever. 'cause that's, look, I Got haters too. And the only way you can really win is you outlive all these motherfuckers. Yeah. What's, what's their vector when they hate on you, what do they say? Like, what? Oh, You don't want, we don't want, I Got Do all that Now. I I, no, everyone loves me. Yeah, I get it. So like, I wanted to live till I was 150. And so like, I'm really interested and after this, we have one of your don't die dinners. Yeah. And your whole movement is don't die.


Yeah. And we're gonna get, we're gonna get into the specifics, specifics of this for people who wanna live forever who are watching. But even just that, even that like thesis in its own right. I like I saw on your Netflix documentary you acknowledged how human connection and can you stop bouncing your foot, bro? You, we, I'm just really excited for this show. I was pumped to hear about his genetic disadvantage till you curved the entire conversation just bouncing. Sorry, I, I'm fucking sorry, Logan. Okay. I'm sorry that I don't age at 0.4, dude. Okay. Back to the show. Alright. So yeah, you, you acknowledge that human connection and the ability to just like, be in communities is, is, is important. It's, it's kind of inherent to our species.


And you even said like, you, you don't want to end up being alone. But Brian, if you're, if you're living forever, who are you hanging out with? Yeah. Who are you talking to? Like, is is that a concern of yours? Humans are like, our best attribute is how adaptable we are. Like we imagine all the times that like if life, so we see this with paraplegics, right? Someone imagines, if you are normally function, you become paralyzed. Do you wanna live? And most people imagine like, no. So there's a story, actually, I read this scientific story where this woman treated a LS patients. She said, You know, if I ever get to a stage of life where the only thing I can do is blink, pull it. Like I don't want it. And like, guess what happened? She got there, She got there, she like got a LS she went down the entire path, her family supporting her.


She can barely blink. And they ask her, do you want us to pull the plug? And what does she say? No. Like the, the the desire to exist is so fundamental in us. And it doesn't matter what we say. People be like, ah, I'll give away the last 10 years of my life to drink now, or smoke now, or party now, or whatever. You can't speak for that future self. You don't know. Like, we want to exist with everything inside of us. Is it a desire to exist or a fear not to, I mean, whatever it is, she's not pulling the plug. And so that's the thing is that it's, it's like such a fundamental thing. And like our fickleness of life, like the fact that we're willing to like potentially put our lives at risk and do things that shorten our lives.


I think in just like five or 10 years time, we will be like, oh my God, that was crazy. We are so flippant with our conscious existence. Like, how could we be so foolish? So I, this is one of the things I really appreciate about your entire mission. There's a few things, and I'll I'll list some of them right now. One is I really appreciate your self-awareness. I've heard you joke about dying by choking on a piece of broccoli. Yeah. Like, and by the way, the haters are waiting For Sure. Right? They're Waiting. You gotta make sure you chewing. It'll be, it'll be bok choy, by the way. Oh my God. Bach choy S not bro. Bok cho is a trying to Kill you. Yo. If you get a piece of bok choy jammed down your throat, good luck. I had to yank it outta Abby's throat one time. Your sister, she, we were at a Japanese restaurant.


She got a piece that was all the way sticking out and it was, and I had to actually in the restaurant reach out and Pull it up. Yeah. Slimy little shit, dude. It's like eating a seaweed. Yeah. Yeah. Death by Bo Choy. So that's, that's one of the things that I appreciate about, appreciate about you. And the other thing I appreciate about you is I think maybe 'cause of your background in tech and just the way you think and the way you build businesses, like you're, you're, you're very clearly like a very capable, intelligent human being. And I like how you kind of extrapolate the thought process of, of where humans will be in a hundred years, 200 years now, in the same way you, you, you, you liken it to, You know, 2000 years ago, basically our human values are, are, are very differing.


And many people are, are, are grounded in the present day. And you think that what, in 200 years, I'll, I'll let you elaborate on this. We'll look back and people will think it's crazy that we weren't focusing on expanding our lives. Correct. Entirely. So that, but that, that point of view is, is is hard. Very, most people are living day to day Yep. Just trying to survive their nine to five job and they go home to their like, upset wife and their three kids. But I think you're, you've been able to have an extreme ability to have foresight into human development. Can you talk a little bit about, about that and how that perspective even came to Be?


Yeah, it was a thought experiment. I did. So I sold Braintree Venmo, and the question was like, what do you do? I had been working for this moment my entire life at 21. I said, I want to spend my life doing something useful for the human race. I didn't know what, so I said, okay, I'll become an entrepreneur. I'll make a whole bunch of money, and then with money I'll decide what to do. So that was the moment. Like it arrived. I had $300 million in my bank account. What do you do? And I did two things. One is I organized a bunch of dinners with my smartest friends. And I said, I'm going to give you a thought experiment. I want to hear your answers. So I said, let's imagine we exist in 2050 and we're in that year. We're like, this existence is amazing. Like better than anything we ever imagined. What did we focus on in 2016 to make that possible?


And then people would offer their insights and like unsurprisingly, they would say all the things you would expect people to say in like a current time and place. There's like a zeitgeist of ideas, right? The same ideas pattern. Just repeat again and again. Yep. So I held 12 dinners. The ideas were the same in every single dinner. Right. Like, exact same. So then I said, okay, I'm gonna write down all these ideas. I'm gonna put a box around it and say, I can't do anything inside this box. Nothing. Like I can't, any idea that's currently being worked on, I can't do it. Mm. I have to find something outside the box. And so I, I was like, okay, so Now I know what not to do. Mm. The question is now what to do. So then I did a second thought experiment. I imagined being present in the 25th century.


So now you're there a few hundred years into the future. They're looking back at this time and place and they have of course all the benefit of this vantage point. And they say, what did homo sapiens do? Us homo sapiens in the year 2020s that made existence exist in this part of the galaxy. And so in that thought process, you have to realize while our lives are rich and fun and we're all busy, they're going to compress our entire century into like two things. This is, this Is it continue. I love this. So like, we look back the third century, we were like, yeah, one thing happened in third century. Like even though there was like millions of people with like political drama and to get on with drama and like so much happened, one thing happened. So history compresses information to the teeny tiny amount of Industrial revolution.


Yep, exactly. You know, like the printing press. Exactly. Go. We will be the internet. Exactly. Like we will be the internet. Exactly. That's what will be defined as. Exactly. So when they say this, like, what happened? And so they compress our entire thing. I think they say two things. They say that's when homo sapiens gave birth to super intelligence. And that's when homo sapiens figured out they're moving towards a horizon of perpetually extending their lives. I love this moving past death being inevitable to like, You know, it's like you, you think about this. Like if you, we've always imagined that God created us like that we are in hi in his image. But the irony, the irony always rules.


It's why I'm gonna die in the most ironic way possible, right? We know this. Why we, we are giving birth to God, right? Like, AI has all the characteristics that we've imagined God to have all knowing, all powerful. Now over some time duration, AI is gonna be capable to a degree, which we can't quite comprehend. Now, in that situation, like you intelligence arises, like What is it the first thing it does? What does it do? It wants to make sure it secures its existence, right? It's gonna like size up. Like what is the energy source of the universe? Like what is the battery capacity of this universe? How much energy can I harness and it's gonna be like, and how do I eliminate threats that compromise my existence? Dude, that's what you do when the, when you're intelligent.


Well, I wanna like really dive into that too. But like, I don't wanna move too much off longevity because at some point in this episode I wanna talk about like, okay, you like everyone else. There's this a man, I can't remember his name, who wrote a book called Cassandras. It was about all the Cassandras of, of, of world times and history people that were, that warned us about something, the Trojan horse, about the things that were going to happen. Everyone involved with AI is warning us about AI right now. So what the fuck are we doing, dude? Like, like, hey man, if this thing were to escape the sandbox, guess what it's going to like, it's going to escape the sandbox. As I always use the, the analogy I always use as it lays its artificial intelligence foundation.


Human civilization will simply be an a hill that it needs to roll over. There will be no decision making. Mike Mikey, the, the, the Tesla bomber allegedly posted on four chan about how AI has already escaped the sandbox. And that's what I doubt. That's what doubt What New Jersey drones are. I don? Alright, sorry. Relax. I'm just conspiracy. Extremely conspiratorial. I want, I I'm not saying I believe that. I'm just saying stay. I think we're here. I think we're like, like moments away from I agree. Yeah. I wanna stay the, the, the one thing IIII I'm thinking about today is like, how do we apply this conversation to the people watching this? And there's a lot of them in our audience that don't do $10 million dinner thought experiments Yeah. That aren't thinking about the first flight out to Mars. And I wanna make sure that as much Yeah. Of absorbable deep data that can come out as episode for people that are in Tuscaloosa or wherever they are out there right now can actually Take Yeah, we, we will bring it all together.


Okay. We'll we will make the very clear daily habits and how it maps to this larger thought experiment. It's all one thing. Amazing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So just so to bridge that, I'll bridge it to practical. So the, the idea here is that 2030 is gonna make 2025 look like the third century. Really? Yes. That quick? Yes. What? Yes. Why UUAB? I mean, if you, like, if you say like the, the core premise is that basically like when you guys came here today, you probably came in a car and you probably put my address in the car in the, in the navigation app. Right?


And it said like, drive the driver, drive down the street, take this path because I had information about traffic and streets. Nobody pulled out a map. Nobody had the streets memorized. Mm. So you said yes to an algorithm because it was better at that function than you are, right? Yep. Yep. So algorithms are built to do a variety of things. For us it's to, to drive our social feed. It's to get direction just to give us programming. Like algorithms do things on medical data, right? Algorithms do many things. So algorithms do things that we humans do and we say yes to them when they're doing better than We can over a very short period of time. Algorithms are gonna be better at us at almost everything, if not everything. Yeah. They will be better at being you than you are you?


Huh? No. Yes. No. No. What do you Mean? No? So wait, we're gonna get sucked. No one on this. The algorithm godforsaken Planet is better at being me Than me. So it be Machines can be No, We Can be, so if you just take, let's take a training model. Lemme say we're gonna take everything Logan Paul has ever done. Oh. Everything. Everything you've ever done. Everything. And we're gonna say, I should laugh actually. Like how would Logan Paul like does actually, this would be cool experiment. How would Logan Paul conduct this interview? Like, what questions would he ask? How would he respond? What facial expressions would he, would he say, what jokes would he make? And so while you experience yourself as this highly original character in life, like we all do, we're all MPCs, our patterns are all so similar.


Who's the main Character? Roman ray. Wait, wait. Somebody And, and do you want, and do you wanna know the scary part about it? Like, because I'm an mpc No, the crazy part about it with, with where you're going with this, which is absolutely true and horrifying. They don't have bad days. They don't have days where they wake up slightly depressed or a little tired or whatever like we do. And we have to try to battle through it. So on those days where you're only 70% effective, that machine that acts like you is a hundred percent effective and way better than you probably in the bedroom. Okay, Fine. Yeah, that's true. And so like, you just take that and then in, so it being a pattern system of you, then it gets to pull in all data of that human ace has ever discovered to say, how would we interview Brian Johnson?


You know, like, what are all the questions that have ever been posed? What does the story in the airline say? What do people care about for a sentiment? Like information you don't have. Like it's a navigation app, right? Yeah. They know traffic patterns, they know streets. And so you just start piecing these things together and that changes everything about our existence. And you can make many of those arguments where it's just inevitable. It's already here. Like these systems are so good To, to a fault and this is, and this is what saves us. And eventually this will break down as well. But I don't think it'll be by 2030. You tell me a story about a close friend who's passed away. My ability to really formulate an empathetic response to that, to that queue or to that proc query, whatever you wanna call it, is is is intuitive to me and is going to take some time for the robots and the AI to get like, they're, it's just gonna say, I'm sorry.


Well maybe you'll make a new friend. Like, but it'll sound More like a human. I don't know why I gave it a robot voice 'cause they just sound us now, but like, do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. I think there's a, a good amount now. So you believe that there's gonna be so much progress between 2025 and 2030. That 2030 will look like the third century. Now let me ask you the question. No. 2025 Will look like the third century, sorry, my bad. 2025 will look like the third century. Why have we not had a five year span like that ever before? And what makes the next five years so incredibly expedited? Yeah. It's our ability to increase intelligence. Like we have always been the apex of intelligence per humans have.


Mm. Ai now is, You know, as smart or smarter than us in many domains. And the rate at which it's improving is an exponential or near exponential. Yeah. Whereas we humans we're, we get better tools. But like, you just have to like all this to say like, you can disagree with me, disagree with me. That maybe it's not 2030, maybe it's 2035, maybe it's 2050, whatever, like on the larger scale of, of like galactic time. It's now. Yeah. So the only point I'm making is to say change is happening insanely fast. We can't know what's happening. There's, nobody knows whether they can express a positive opinion or a negative opinion. Nobody knows. Nobody knows.


So if things are changing fast, the question is what do we do as a species? That is the only question in existence that matters. Nothing else matters right now. And your answer to the question is essentially self preserve. It's don't die, but see, don't die. It's a, it's a very clever like one liner and people are like, oh, that's kinda funny. It's actually the most robust Ideology in The world that starts with storytelling, becomes a practical operating system is mathematically sound, is computationally sound and is based in physics. I wanted to ask you about this because I'm a, I'm like a, I'm a branding marketing guy and obviously Don't die Is is is catchy. It's it's alarming. Yeah. And then when you learn like it, it's, it's a hook essentially.


Yeah. With the whole Ideology behind it. It's, it's brilliant. Truly. And, and, You know, brilliance. 'cause you've, you've done this before. You're, you're, you're a businessman. And I think that's actually where some of the, the haters come for you because you, you have made a business out of the lifestyle in spreading your teachings online. And although I don't personally disagree, and it sounded like ultimately on Netflix, like people who, like most, most people thought you, you had the right intentions. Like you're, you're, you are trying to help humanity. And IIII think what you're doing is like, you're, you're sacrificing an excessive lifestyle that you could easily be, be living with all the money you had to help preserve our species and help everyone live longer.


But Brian, don't die. It, it, it, it may feel a bit gimmicky. So I guess my question is why not like a more, a more positive like, like stay alive or like, or like live long. Like, when I manifest I avoid saying the negative stuff. Yeah. Like, like do don't die. Do not die in that. I like my, my subconscious here is not and die. Yeah. And, and together as a sentence, I get it. But, but why don't die? Did you, are, are you astutely aware of, of the idea that it is that kind of like punch in the face to grab attention? And does any part of you worry that it actually is inviting death?


Yeah. So there's been more murder committed over fighting over whose version of live? Well people should live than any other topic on the planet. Humans murder each other trying to resolve the differences between who is living well the best. Mm. Right. What else? What do we we just, it's like don't die is the most played game by every human on the planet. Every second of every day. Our zeroth order priority is to not die animals. There are zeroth order priority to not die. All the biological mass on this earth. That is the game. So what is the most played game by all of intelligence?


Plants, animals, humans, survival. Don't die. Yeah. It's the most played game. It's not live well, don't die. I agree, but I I'm not even saying live. Well I'm just saying like live long or like live for a stay alive. Why not? Why, why not stay alive? Let me, let me It's The same game. It's the same Game. Let me tell, let me answer quickly. One part of it. When's the last time you saw a viral post of two dogs licking each other's faces? Or two pandas hugging? No, I get it. That's what's goes viral. That's I'm What's death, murder, school fight? Are you People Burning a lot? Are you playing Into that is what I'm asking. So Yeah, what I'm saying is, so you, whatever the solution is, dirty laundry, you, like, if you give AI democracy, you're like, hey, hey, AI implement democracy is our way to help humans cooperate.


Democracy is a very subjective thing. You have to decide like this or that. There's no clear lines. You have these basic concepts in the constitution, but it's very subjective. Don't die is mathematical. It's based on physics. You can quantify it. Does a thing die or not. Right? That's what I've tried to do with my body. And so the reason why don't die is important is you have to create an Ideology in The world that you can't just use as a storytelling mechanism. You have to apply math and computation and physics. Well, Couldn't you do that with stay alive? You can't. Why? It's not stay, it's not as reducible as a computational methodology. Okay. So like, if, if I'm walking out a tightrope over a canyon and I'm trying to preserve myself in my, what's what's more effective as I'm walking on that tightrope me going, don't die, don't die, don't die.


Don't die. Or stay alive. Stay alive. And I don't know the answer to the question. Yeah. I mean, Because because me, I guess what I, what I You're clearly eliciting like a fear of response and fear keeps animals alive. It does. You're you, you're hitting on like an instinctual feeling. I mean it keeps humans alive too. What people we're we're animals we're animals, doesn't it? No, no, no. But I just mean like, people, people didn't stop smoking until they found out that it was killing them. Right? Yeah. So they stopped smoking cigarettes because they didn't want to die. Like people didn't say, oh, I'm gonna put down the Newports this week, this month because I'm gonna stay alive.


Yeah. They don't, people don't wanna die. You. So yeah. So I can relate and understand. I stopped doing heroin and smoking crack because I didn't wanna die. Yeah. I knew I was gonna die. It was not that I wanted to stay alive. Okay. I wasn't trying to preserve my life fair. I was trying not to die. Yeah. Makes sense. So I I get it. Hey, I'm yielding, I'm yielding. Yeah. No, but I also don't, I think It's just a guy. Yeah. Asking questions. I mean, the last thing, so you can, I mean, staying alive is fine. Like, it's like you could say a positive frame. It just, it's not as measurable. Okay. You want something that is absolutely quantitatively robust. You want it be based in math and staying alive is not based upon it. Right. It's like some unknown horizon. Whereas die is extremely numerical.


Oh. Oh. So when you guys talk about your rate of death, which is a very measurable qua quantitative rate of aging data. Correct. You're, you're going to like, so like the, the ultimate boss of the universe is entropy. The ultimate boss. What? The exchange of heat Thermo. Yeah. So you're, you're looking at the dissipate like the, the, the loss of order in the universe, right? Like the universe is a, you could basically calculate how much energy is in the universe. The energy keeps us existing. Yeah. Over time the universe is gonna have zero energy, like over a certain duration of time. Yeah. There'll be nothing here to play with. So we can't, like existence can't exist. Existence can't happen with zero energy.


And so physics will probably correct me on that. Maybe that's true. But like, generally speaking, we need energy source, right? Yeah. And so entropy is the final boss. And so you're trying to measure every point entropy. And that's why don't die. It maps to like the fundamental layers of physics, the fundamental layer layers of nature of, of our existence. All the way through mathematical models all the way through, through story human storytelling. So like, it plays full stack on all the abstraction layers we understand for knowledge. I'm sorry, can you break down entropy as the final boss? 'cause I, I thought, I thought entropy was hot energy or hot air will go to cold air. It's essentially like an exchange of heat in physics. Yeah. Thermodynamics. It's a second law. So you're just looking at, you're going from order to disorder, like to increase increased chaos.


Like, okay, there's this, over time the universe is moving towards increased disorder. Okay. And over, over, eventually we'll have nothing left in the universe. We'll just be quiet. Yeah. So once again, Gary out in Tuscaloosa right now? Yes. Okay. First we did rich people, now we're doing physics majors. What can Gary do? Yeah. To not die. Yeah. Okay, cool. Because I love the entropy and heat exchange and thermodynamics conversation. My, my father Michael Maax Sr. Will love that conversation. But once again, Gary and Tuscaloosa, these three points and, and let's move on from there. 'cause I wanna do peptides, I wanna do all that stuff, right? But eat, sleep, exercise.


Sorry. Sorry. Diet, sleep, exercise. So let's, let's, which I guess I said, where do you wanna start? What is the priority? Cool. All right, cool. So here's how what we just talked about maps. So it's like, okay, we all know big stuff has happened in the planet. Great. Now if you are seeing this and it makes you worried, we say, what does someone do about this? Right? Most people feel powerless. Like, what am I gonna do? So I wanna say, actually we all have power. And the reason we have power is We can make daily decisions to not die. And the future of our existence depends upon a, a big enough number of us choosing that. So we, so we need to save ourselves as a species.


So the goal is that don't die becomes the biggest Ideology in The world, the most influential Ideology in The world by 2027. The way that happens is these practical steps. So I've tried to become the most don't die person in human history, which means I, I'll walk you through my, my health habits. But the goal is that everyone basically practices these ethos. And the more we practice this as a species, we start in abdominal fashion. We start with personal habits. We spread 'em to our companies, to our countries, to the planet. So lemme give you an example. So when you go to bed on time, right, you're basically giving your body the capacity to heal itself and repair your slowing down your speed of aging. You can start with yourself.


You can then bridge to your family. You can then bridge to your community. You can then bridge to The world. So the goal here is that we feel power in these actions, and I'll walk through these, but this is why it's all connected, is you can be a warrior in this cause of the species through actions you can take on a daily basis. Like what though? Okay, so start with it's not with sleep. Okay. So sleep is the most powerful drug available to anybody, like by far the most powerful drug. And so to, to demonstrate this, I achieved the best sleep score in human history. I experimented a hundred different things. So there's five habits you want to do for sleep. So one is you need to map your identity. Your sleep is, you are a professional sleeper.


So in the same way, like we scheduled a podcast today, we met up today. Like we, we agree, we show up on time, we behave a certain way. But when you think about sleep, you push it around, right? If you, if you're towards your bedtime, you're like, ah, I wanna watch a show, or I wanna hang out with friends, or I wanna like, you just like push it around however you want. You have to show up on time and treat it that seriously. Like you would your job. Number two is your final meal. The day matters a lot. So I eat my final meal the day, nine hours before bed. Mm. Amazing. And I do that because my body completes digestion. And so then when I hit my head, it's a pillow. My resting heart rate's 44. And when it's that low, I'm gonna have a perfect night's sleep. You, You reverse fast from what I am taking in comparatively, comparatively to the other inter intermittents in The world like myself who wakes up and does not eat until 3:00 PM No, he Did you do something kind of similar?


Don't No, No, no, no. He eats in the morning, he eats 5:00 AM When? When, yeah. Like six to 11:00 AM That's It. Oh. Oh, you do? And then I fast from there, then I go to bed like eight 30. Aren't you hungry? I'm accustomed to it Now. I was hungry before. Being hungry sucks, dude. That that's, that's gonna be a tough hurdle for a lot of people. Yeah. So, but Have you, but have you accomplished, and also, I guess I can give this back to you and Gary, have you accomplished by the time your food starts to wear off and you start to become hungry, the majority of your critical tasks for the day, meaning his my system is kind of fucked because I've gotta take calls, I've gotta do emails. Yeah. I've gotta work on an empty stomach. Not eating until two or 3:00 PM He's already moved through all of his critical tasks for the day.


By the time he starts getting hungry around six o'clock. And at that point, the only thing you're gonna be focused on is going to sleep. Yeah. So people do not need to do what I'm doing. Like I'm, I'm on the extreme side. Yeah. So people can just simply start with the basic one of two hours. Hours. So if your bedtime's 10, just be finished eating by eight. Okay. That's that's great. We can, We can do that. What Yeah, What not to bring up Huberin. 'cause I know, I don't know if you guys are same side or competitors or whatever, but he has a rule that's like, Is it 4, 3, 2, 1, 3, 2, 1 something. It's no food then it's no drink, no liquids. Then it's no screens and then it's no lights or something. I don't know what is, what is that here again? Something of that nature. Yeah. So what you wanna do, probably Hate them and wanna fight 'em. No, it's fine.


So what you wanna do is you wanna me, so every time you hear advice, ignore advice and just measure. Okay. So what you're trying to do is you're trying to drive down your resting heart rate. That is the single strongest predictor of your sleep quality. What is your resting heart? Heart Rate? 44 At night or generally Sleep? When I, when I lay down to go to sleep, it's 44. What About right now? Probably 52. And can't we test it? Sure. You, I I I watch your workout routine. Have you considered upping your cardio to potentially get that resting heart rate lower? Yes. I, I have a, I have a pretty solid resting heart rate. It's, it's like 39, 40. Yeah. And, and I do a, I do a lot of cardio.


Yeah. And I feel like it has to be related somehow. Yep. I agree. That's so like that 39 to 40 is perfect. Right? I don't believe though. It's elite. It's elite level. Yeah. It's like, yeah. It's, it's spot on. So good job. What what, What do you use to measure your sleep? Whoop. And eight sleep Eight sleep's nice. It's very nice Because it also cools your bed. Yes. And, and, and, and, and as you mentioned earlier, your five degrees lower than the average person, but also the surface on what you're sleeping. If it's colder, it can cool your body temperature totally provides for better sleep. Correct. And then when you go to hotels and you don't have a cool bed, oh man, it sucks. I gotta make The room cold. Yeah. Same. Extremely cold. I go to the lowest number possible. I was gonna say, how, how low are you like sleeping in, in hotel rooms?


Yeah. The lowest, the, the thermostat will go Probably like 65 ish. Yeah, exactly. 64 is like typically most hotels. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, so sleep and, and, and the diet is an easy one. Well no, That was probably you just Breeze through. So, so, so start. Yeah. Number two is the last meal. So just start with two hours. Okay. And then go to three, then go to four, then go to five. Just test it out. I see. And you'll find that you'll get accustomed, like you might say, I'm really hungry, I hate this. In a few days you might be like, God, this is amazing. Like, I actually love how I feel. 'cause you wake up in the morning and you're like, best. I felt never. So you want, but you wanna drive down your resting heart rate. If you eat before bed, your resting heart rate's gonna be up by 20, 30%. Your sleep's gonna go down 20 to 30%. You, You know, you know what I, an analogy I heard that I, you're the expert on all this stuff.


I'm, and part of the reason why I'm so interested in what you do is 'cause like I I ha do like a similar like versions of this. Yeah. A, a, a low, a low resting heart rate, essentially. It, someone, someone equated it to me as like, like driving a car. And if you put shitty gasoline and, and, and your car is always running like the, the engine's working all the time. Or if you're on the opposite end, if your heart is beating less for longer, by the time you're, You know, 40, 50 years old. Yeah. If, if your, if your heart is essentially on idle Exactly. For most of your life, it's gonna be a more efficient heart and be able to keep you alive longer.


'cause it's, it's beaded 200,000 times less than the, than the normal person. Exactly. Right. If you look at these like power laws where I read a book where something like mammals get a billion of heartbeats, that's what they get. And so you're just spending down life with, so I haven't seen the exact science. I just know as a power law that you can look across species and see this. So it makes sense if your, if your heart rate is lower, if your body temperature is lower, if you're burning cooler, it makes sense, right? The body's gonna sustain itself longer. If you're burning hot and and fast, you're gonna burn through life fast. And others, again, there's some exceptions in the science, but generally speaking, that is exactly right.


Yeah. I mean, it, it, it makes sense. But, but, but what are some ways to, to then lower your heart rate but be, besides not eating, You know, 2, 3, 4 or five Hours. Yeah. So this, yeah. Now we have this principle established of, so people who don't have a wearable tonight when you go to bed, this is the example, just simply measure your heart rate. So put, You know, your fingers up to your, your neck here or your wrist and just see where you're at as a baseline. And then start with your two hours before bed, then three, then four. And you're just gonna see your heart rate drop. And as your heart rate drop, sleeps improve, the next step is to do a wind down routine. And so oftentimes things that drive our heart rate up are when we're aroused, right? When we're, when we are concerned, when we're anxious, when we're spinning through thoughts.


If we've been in a fight, so at 7:30 PM one hour before I go to bed, I start my wind down routine and I do this internal dialogue where I'll say, okay, sleep. Brian is now on duty at seven 30. So I imagine him with like a shield and a sword and he is like, You know, you shall not pass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so like at 7 31 ambitious Brian shows up and he is like, I Got a plan for you. Like, I know we have this new product idea and this new, this new concept and sleep. Brian's like, Thank you ambitious Brian. Yeah. Get outta here. We love you. Yeah. Like, you're a great guy. Legit, we're busy right now getting ready for bed fair. So we're gonna write this down and tomorrow we're gonna be like full listen to your ideas.


And then I address him. Then 7 32 anxious Brian shows up and he is like, goddammit, today, You know, you said that thing and you're, you were such an asshole. So they, they probably hate you. What about if horny Bryan shows up? Because for a lot of Americans and everybody else on the planet, nighttime is a good time to bang it out a little bit. Yeah. And for some people that might arouse them or get their heartbeat going. Yeah. Great. So sex, I think I've seen the data. I think it has a mixed result. Some people do well with it, some people don't. So I think, yeah, like do sex. Like I I I like these character versions of yourself that you do. When you described the old version of you, which, You know, You know, it was fascinating.


You had, you had battled depression. You, you got into all these unhealthy habits and one of which you, you, you called, you refer to yourself as nighttime Brian. You would show up and that's when you would you, you you'd indulge at Yeah. Yeah. Wait, wait. Who's this? Dude? Dude? Yes. I gotta hear more about this guy. Yeah. So tell, tell, tell us about nighttime, Brian. 'cause I I think being able to identify the version of yourself that pop in and out of your life, it's something I've done. I, I always, I always like to play with the idea of present self and future self. Yes. And the idea that I I I, I wanna look out for my future self. And in order to do that present self gotta show up. That's right. For that dude. Yes. Because I know, like right now, 29-year-old me is very grateful for 24-year-old Logan. Yes. He, 'cause he worked his ass off. And I'm looking around, I'm like, my life's pretty good.


Shout out. 24-year-old me. But, so I like these, this idea of of, of characterizing these versions of yourself. But tell us about nighttime, Brian. Yeah. So this is when I was depressed, I was building in my company, I was having challenges in my relationship. I had three little babies. And so at the end of the day, right, you're just worn down. You've like fought the good fight at the company. You've put out on the fires, you've bathed the kids, you put them to bed, and you're just, and then you've got a fight with your partner coming. Right? You're just exhausted. And so in that moment where I'm like, I just can't take anymore, the only thing that would soothe me would be like to eat food. Right? Like, oh, the brownies in the kitchen or the potato chips. Like somehow eating food to soothe my discomfort. Well you Look I'm fat.


I get it. Why are you looking? Well, You do that Mike. I don Well you do too. You scumbags Because it's, You're today potato chip in, Go wherever, whatever. I like drinking, drinking. I don't wanna stop drinking. It's a known fact. Trill real. So then you watch the argument. So then like, even O Bryan shows up, right? And he's like, look, we've had a tough day. How long ago was this, by the way? Just set me in Time. Like 10 years ago. Oh, so you've made some real fucking progress from Brownie Bryan. Oh yeah. I mean, he was, he was like, he was like, he was like, he was like, You know, 40 pounds overweight, like four 50 pounds heavier than I'm now depressed as fuck, like desperately wanted to commit suicide.


Okay. Like, this is really important right now that you're rooting this story and this current approach in that person. Because I wanna, I, there's a million things I wanna bring up on this episode. I know we only have so much time and all many people trying to speak, but that Brian represents a lot of people in the country and in The world right now. A lot of people that are struggling with debt Yeah. With problems with their spouses, with children, with chemical and imbalances and mental illnesses. And even more so some, another topic I wanna talk about, lack of discipline. That is such a major part of everything we're talking about that comes, comes very easily to you now.


And it has always come very easily to you. I am a representation of people that it does not come very easily to discipline for me is very, very difficult. Yeah. I am at the whim of my addiction. Yeah, exactly. And my, and my desires. Right? Yeah. So, so I'm, I appreciate that you brought that up for all the people watching this. So, and you, you, you're proving before we even get that far into this episode, that you were able to take it from that place to where you are now in not that long of a period of time. I'm sure you've been here for a number of years already. Right? How long have you been in this vampire, vampire state? Four, four years. Yeah. So in five to six years with discipline and, and, and, and proper planning, someone could pull themselves out of that depressed state into a, a place where you are very healthy To become the healthiest person on planet, on earth.


Amazing. Amazing. Yeah. So like the, so a few things on this one is that, so when Evening O' Brian shows up, he is so sorry. Was that Indian Brian? Evening Brian. Oh, I was like Another character Freeze. Okay. Sorry. I was like, so he's, he is incredibly effective at manipulation. Right? So evening Brian will say, look, just tonight. Yeah, tomorrow we working out really hard. Or he'll be like, just one or like, Hey look, tough day. Like, his arguments are so compelling and it's like, okay, right. We'll just do it. But we know that it never ends there. Right? It's always this perpetual. Always.


And so I was desperate, like I tried to stop my own, like self-destructive habits for years. And so one day I was just desperate. I was like, I wanted to commit suicide. I was so depressed. And I said like, even Brian, you're fired. Like, you're just fucking fired. You make my life miserable. Like you show up every night, you tell me to do these things, I do them and I feel awful. I can't sleep. I wake up in the morning, I'm like, I, I'm grumpy. And then my willpower's low. You're just fucking fired. So I made a rule. I said, I Brian cannot eat food from 5:00 PM to 10:00 PM under any circumstance. No Fucking excuses. Never ever, like if it was like between life and death, still No, you can't, like no food in that window of time.


Because that was like my, my wonder of vulnerability. Like when he strikes Yeah, I can, I can relate. It's incredible. It's, I mean, dude, dude. Like he said it like we, we we used to do a ritual midnight ritual. Yeah, exactly. The boys In the house gather around the kitchen table. Mike would make his little cinnamon toast scrunch. Yeah. Like peanut butter bread for us. Oh man. It's so good though, Brian. I know. You're, it's so good though, Brian. And, and, and, and, and, and this, I guess is where I'd like to go next in your Netflix documentary, I, I heard one woman on the View, I think it was the View, describe your lifestyles. Vapid. Yeah. I looked up, I said vapid, I like words. I looked it up that essentially it was bland. Yeah. And, and, and, and generally I, I do, I do feel like that is where I would struggle with some of this.


I, I don't wanna die. Yeah. But I don't know if I wanna stop drinking a little alcohol here and there. Yeah. You know, it could be because I, I, I think I fear the bland lifestyle more than I fear death. And I think a lot of people agree with that. Yeah. I, Yeah. So if you, like, this is an exercise of introspection, of trying to find out where we all might be NPCs. And so in this moment, like we're expressing a viewpoint of reality to say, I have this temporary sensation of pleasure by doing this thing After that thing, I regret it.


Right. Some, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes To some degree. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. And so like, it's just like part of our social cultural thing. But basically what we're saying is behind all this, we say we're all gonna die anyways. Yep. Therefore we might as well, right? Like that's, No. No. Okay. So that's like that, that's where I'm like, For some people he's right. For some, for some people he's certainly right. I mean, yeah. I guess for me it's not even like, I'm not even there. I'm just like, sometimes I try to just be present. Yeah. And there's value in that. And sometimes in the present moment, I'm at a social event that I don't wanna fucking talk to anyone. So maybe a little espresso martini loosens me up a little bit.


Yeah. And I'm capable of being social. You mentioned it, You know it. Yeah. It's, it's, it, it's, it is a social behavior. And I, I've heard you talk about alcohol being kind of ingrained in, in our culture, but dude, it's not just our culture. Alcohol is a, is a, is like, almost goes hand in hand with humanity. Yeah. It, it's, it's, it's a, it's a part of our species. Yeah. It's, we've always drank alcohol and, and, and some people like me especially use it as, as, as a social tool. Yeah. And I, I, I guess just like, it's, I So bad for you. I know It's bad. It's No, no, no. I think the evidence is coming out more n now than ever. Yeah. It's like, once again, sorry to bring up your mortal enemy, Huberman, but now I'm just creating this fucking, It doesn't exist. I was listening to Huberman recently and he was talking about that, that even one drink, 'cause You know, you always talk about like one drink, like one, it's just one drink, You know?


And if you hold yourself to that, to, to be completely honest with, you're probably fine. But even one drink has such an effect on your cortisol release. Something that speeds the heart rate. Right. And so you, if you have a drink, two drinks, and you measure your heartbeat afterwards, you're going to notice a pretty serious effect on your heartbeat, on your heart Rate. By the way, this is current day Logan saying this, I'm positive that when I mature and I start to realize, oh, oopsies Dog, you're pushing 40. Yeah. Basically, Like, when are you gonna mature? No, I Know. Yeah. No, I, I will, I will stop drinking alcohol. I'm positive. There will be a point where I stop. Yeah. But right now I'm speaking for the people who don't wanna do all that.


Yeah. So like, if, I guess in short, let's map out to 20 30, 20 35, 20 40. When you do things like when you drink alcohol or when you, You know, gorge binge eat at night. Yeah. There's a calculation of how much you're actually dying. Damn, Bro. Right. You could actually look at the actual molecular interactions in your body and you could assign a D score. Right. It lessens sleep, it inre it, it causes damage in the body. So there's actually a quantitative your pain with life points. Right now we say, well, I feel good, or I'm just having a little good time. Or every once in a while, but whatever, just replace words with math and say that your pain down life blank.


We know like smoking one cigarette, one cigarette costs you 11 minutes of life. That's right. And would you say it's about the same for vaping or Is it somewhere in like, probably a little bit less Yeah. But still costs you something. It mean I'm trying to apply it to the Core. Yeah. You can take, yeah. So like cigarettes are, are pretty well studied. So it's a nice baseline to say, roughly speaking. And actually, I read a paper last week that said one secret is 20 minutes of life. Okay. So if we say like, okay, there's a baseline of We can calculate death now you say, okay, for a kid who eats a school lunch in America, piece of pizza, chocolate milk. Right. Whatever. What is the die score at the school lunch? Like with the, the school's feeding them.


So we say kids can't smoke, but we feed them dye. Mm. Right. Like the stuff they're eating. And so like, like, Like red dye, like in Gatorade. I see, I see where you're going. Yeah. So, no, I'm just saying Because well, prime doesn't have red dye. Yeah, Exactly. I know you're exactly Calories like the one gram of sugar. And so what we found is that the global food supply is actually like horrifyingly dirty. A contaminant. Yeah. Yeah, for Sure. Right? Like it is, like, we know it's bad. Yeah. But seeing the data was just absolutely terrifying. Okay. And so I started testing all these things. I was like, wait a second, labels are not right. Food is toxic as fuck. Everyone's lying. Right?


It, it is bad. Is It an FDA problem? Well, there's no one regulating it. Right? So like, there's, well, it Should be the F fda A I mean our, our FKA, I mean, like whatever role they are, are not playing. It's a bad situation. So we start sourcing all of our own foods, doing all the testing. So everything that comes to me is run through this process of source test in my body. 'cause these contaminants make you die. And so that's why I think we're successful in, in like, being best in The world. 'cause nobody does this. Nobody does full stack testing. No one does full stack sourcing. No. And then also all the therapies on top. So that's like, when we talk about like, how do you do it at a molecular level? That's what we're trying to do. What are you willing to drink besides water?


Water. Yeah. So like that water we got from my tap that you were Yeah, I Was drinking. I was drinking Water. Yeah. So like every, so the air in this house, you'll Have that. Yeah. Like the air is perfect. So we have, we have purifiers in every room. There you go. Breathe it in. Wow. That's Good air. There you go. It is nice. Yeah. But every room is monitored. Every room has two or three air filters, but it's, it's measured 24 7. And the water, same. So it's tested by, I think it's over a hundred different levels. We assess. So we try to make this environment as optimal as possible in every single metric. Oh, We've got a, a readout right here. Oh Yeah. Let's see what it is. What's It, how much nitrogen is in the, in the air right now? Oh, So the one you wanna look at is PM 2.5.


That's like one parts Per million. Yeah. It's a particulate matter size, particulate Matter size. And, And what is that egg? Exactly? So this is an air filter measures for nine different things in air. You wanna take a peek at it? Yes. So like, for example, the WHO, The World Health Organization says a level of five of pm 2.5 is safe. So we're hovering around three right now. Which ultra safe by that point. It's like basically zero. It, it, the accuracy is like a few points. So it's probably zero. Why do you live in Los Angeles? Maybe air's not the main priority to, but where the air quality is pretty freaking Low. Yeah, it's bad. Yeah. That's why we maintain such pristine error. Like why I'm in California is like a different question. Okay, fair. But Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, we, we deal with it.


Okay. You brought me the egg, the, the parts, the particular matter egg. I look around, I see this army of associates, confidants, consigliere, You know, people that you work alongside. And Now I wanna revisit this question about you going from depressed evening, Brian in fi in six years to where you are now, and ask you this question. Are you a isolated experiment because of your access to wealth? Yeah. Because maybe Gary in Tuscaloosa can't do this because he don't have that 300 ms sitting in his fucking chase account to buy particular matter eggs.


Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. We, we should probably get to like really practical advice right now. Okay. 'cause people are, people are like, look man, just tell me what to do. Right? We're scaring people off. Yeah. Let's just like, let's just go tell me what to do. Okay, so let me finish the sleep thing, then we'll talk about this. But like, we're starting with sleep to say most powerful things First, sleep most powerful. Okay, so you're a professional sleeper. You're eating two hours before bedtime. You're moving back, you have a wind down routine. Now the reason you have a wind down routine, you're trying to drive down your heart rate. If you, if you put your head on the pillow and you're still upset, right? You're rolling through your thoughts and you can't go to sleep, then you wake up, you're rolling through your thoughts. How, How late are you putting down this horrible device?


And how early are you picking it up? Like an hour, 30 minutes to an hour. Put it down, like screens off. So like, read a book, breath work, meditate, hang out with a friend. Chill. But you need to like calm your body down, like do the thing. So it's shown that like a reading a book or meditating is as good as a sleep med. They're very powerful. So Like, you wouldn't say like, what? Go watch squi games. Right? Really? Yeah. I mean, you're getting, you're getting like photons in your, in your eyeballs Probably blue light. Blue light. So like, you can test it like these, when I watch TV before I go to bed, I sleep worse. Now you can test it. See, maybe you're different than I am, but like, you just wanna like, calm down. So that's three. Number four is light.


So eliminate blues. Like we know that blue lights are bad. Yeah. So have amber and reds, that little lamp right here. We use love somewhere. We turn that on and we have red light in the house. And then five is, you wanna be consistent. So the body loves routine. The body's clock is so accurate. Yep. So 8:30 PM is when I was gonna bed when I was getting my a hundred percent sleep score. I was in bed within one minute, like that precise. And it was like, I almost felt like a baby where baby just like lay down and they're just out like, and they're so deep. My body was able to generate the systems. It just put me out. So I'd be asleep within two to three minutes. I am now anyways. But do you Dream two to three minutes? Oh yeah. Yeah. Guaranteed.


I'm, I'm, I'm the same too. Is se the second my head had spilled? Do you, Dr. Do you dream? Yeah. Damn. Do you dream? Sometimes I don't. I I haven't had a dream. I think that's just a representation of how bad my sleep is. Probably. Yeah. Do you have a measure? Do You know? Nah, but I should get one. I fear measurements because I know how how badly the Yeah, so you actually, It's a, it's a valid concern. Yeah. It's a Nina's the same way. I'm, I'm, I'm working on, he's he's way ahead of me. I'm working on some stuff. As I mentioned to you before. I'm just taking a little bit Longer. Okay. So the quick summary is, yep. You, you want, so here's what you want for sleep. When you put your head on the pillow asleep, within two or three minutes, you want two hours of rim, two hours of deep, two plus two plus of rim, two plus a deep.


You wanna be up for less than 30 minutes at night. And if you hit those stats, like you're banging it out, that's like early twenties. How About this? 'cause I know You know about this. What if you gotta go pee? Yeah. I'm, I'm a guy who gotta pee. How many times Dude? Sometimes twice a night. Okay, So try two things. One is move your fluid and intake back. Yeah. That, that always, yeah. That always helps. Yep. And then two is try to mineralize your water. So like if you have electrolytes or a tea. So that does help. If you drink pure water, sometimes it can increase urination. So push it back and mineralize your water. Amazing. And then, so you should really, like, one should be max. Okay. If it's more than one, then you definitely, it's too much interruptions. Can can I ask you about the hyperbaric Yeah.


Chamber? Yeah. Do you have One? Yeah, we should go look at, it's in the garage there. Is it a hard tank? And are you often using that? Yeah, we just, so hyperbarics been one thing for us where the evidence is interesting, but we wanted to put it to the test. So we just implemented a protocol where I measured 50 different biomarkers. I did a, I'm completing it next week. 40 sessions. So the protocol is two atmospheres on 90 minute sessions. Yep. So a hundred percent oxygen for 20 minutes. Yep. Off for five minutes. Okay. And so I'm, I'll be done next week. And then we're measuring 50 different things. Oh, I'm so eager to see how That is. You know, it, it increased by maximum heart rate by 20%. Which is good. Yes. Like, so you're your Maximum heart.


Oh, oh my god. 20%. Oh my god. Exactly. It's insane. So, So, so in my like wellness studies, I, I found that the hyperbaric is, is like one of the top, I put it in the top three most important things in terms of like recovery, sleep. Yeah. Energy. Yeah. Even in training camps. Hyperbaric chamber three times a week. Yep. I, I'm, I haven't seen the data yet. We're gonna see the data in like a few weeks. We measure next week. I subjectively am with you. Like, I'm surprised at how effectively effective it's been. I'm surprised it's taken this long for you to like, do, do that. Hyperbarics been around for a minute. The evidence is not very clear. Really.


I, yeah. I feel like he waits for like, very strong data like sleep, diet and, and exercise really have been proven so many times over. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's like we have to show, we have to, it has meaningful effect. Yeah. 'cause I, when you become optimized, it is so hard for me to move the needle for myself now. Like these therapies. Yeah, for Sure. And so, yeah. But Then wouldn't it be, since you've already taken advantage of all the major swings, wouldn't it only be these therapies that are left? Exactly. So that's why we're like, we're trying to do it in a vigorous way, but even like whole body skin rejuvenation. Like even a lot of females, I mean all people want nice skin. Like PRP? No. So like HBO regenerates collagen, elastin fibers. It does full body.


It's actually one of the best skincare therapies anybody can do. People think of creams or laser treatments. HBO T is one of the most powerful skin therapies that anybody can do. You're saying, you're Saying HBO Hyperbaric. Oh, oh, really? Really? Skin. Wait, Really? Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna, at some point I'm going to, I was gonna ask you about your moisturizer routine because you're, you have very shiny, nice skin. But I, but if you want to go with the chamber for now. Okay, let's, let's move on to diet, which obviously in this here country is a major problem. Yeah. That we're currently talking about a lot because of this new administration that's coming in. No more fruit loops. Run us through your, your, your points. Yeah. Okay. See how do I, lemme think about this.


My knee fucking all cheeseburgers. What happen to hbo? That's just stop eating so many cheeseburgers of weight. I Would, would you though? You're opening up a Burger shop. I know, but now I'm thinking about doing maybe burgers made of like pine cones. No, you shouldn't. You shouldn't. Because I would still eat your Burger, bro. It's a 10 out of temper. It's so bad. I know, but when I With him just won't sacrifice that when I with him. I won't, I Won't do it. I've been thinking about the idea of maybe living as opposed to just continuously dying. But, but Okay. Alright. So how much will Mike Mike's Burger take off your life? What's, what's the, what's the 10 10 Burger Don't die score. I'll give you really quick if it's like, if it's like a couple days, like I'm eating that fucking Burger. Okay. So it's two obviously all beef patties. I won't give you the specific fat content. Two slices of American yellow American cheese, Martin's potato bond secret sauce, about three pickles and caramelized onions halfway caramelized.


And then of course you probably get the curly fries with 'em as well. We can probably skip those, right? We can skip the curly fries. Skip the curly Fries. Ah nah. Okay. Skip Curly fries. What are we talking? Yeah, if you look at a few of the studies and do back of the envelope math a, a fast food meal, Burger fries drink is roughly the same as one cigarette 20 minutes. Fine. Fine. I bet. And it's not fast food. It's moderate. So even less than that. Moderate. And I bet you, and I bet you if you pull those, those fried those curly fries off it, I bet you it's like a couple minutes. I bet you, I bet you it's about 10. We're chilling. Is the meat and chilling. Do you Well, we're getting into Diet first. Yeah. So like if we, that's like top level. But now let's, so the recent, there was a, a guy, Nat Friedman did this work on plastics list.


He looked at plastic, You know, type stuff, phalates and stuff. In foods. One of the highest levels of microplastics in foods was grass fed beef from Whole Foods. Re why, why? So, it's a good question. Okay. Yeah. And so there's theories on like how they actually harvest meat, what they do with it. But we have to, when you calculate what is in food and what the die score is, you have to consider the microtoxin, the heavy metals, the microplastics, all the other contaminants. So it's not just food is a category of beef, cheese, bun pickles. It's like what are the layers of stuff in there and where to contaminate?


It's hide. So what materials Is it cooked on? What oils are used to cook? So once you start, so our knowledge is just starting to emerge. Got It. So yeah. So what I'm saying, like, so Logan on this, it's funny because I hear you what you're saying, You know, like, I'll make the trade off. And so here's the thing, as a species, we have this very loose relationship with life. We're willing to pay, we're willing to basically spend our life for these pleasures. Yeah. And what I'm saying right now, and that this conversation is as a species, we're gonna, we're gonna move beyond that like that in a couple, like in 10 years, it will be seen as absolutely insane that humans used to do things that actually lessen their life and increase disease.


He, here is the forever caveat to that. Okay. And something I'm sure you wrestle with and your haters will bring up. Life is not guaranteed regardless of whether or not I eat that hamburger tragedy could be after this podcast and I step outside the house, get hit by a car. So the idea of subscribing to a lifestyle that is more bland, not knowing what's gonna happen with my life because You know, man, like, like it's just tomorrow's not guaranteed. It's not. Yeah. But he, he works in data and probability, not, not like you step like, bro, there's not even any cars outside the door.


He's got a big front yard. I know. So you're not gonna step out the front door and get hit by car unless some errand driver who's been drinking all day down at the Lucky Beaver, but you crosses across his lawn and hits you with a Prius. I don't see it happening. So I, that's why I'm so intrigued by his current conversation. You gotta work off probabilities, bro. Do you though? Because everyone thinks it's not gonna happen to them until the coyote in your neighborhood does hop your fence and kills your dog. Yeah, Yeah. But that, yeah, but you're Happened to me. Really? I never thought it happened to me. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you wish you had him eat more burgers? Like this is calling. I I definitely would dude, if I knew that he he had a due date, I would've maybe give him a little more ion. Yeah. So like, okay, so when, when death is inevitable, like it always has been, we humans construct endless arguments to justify it.


We, like we say like Yolo, we say trade offs, we say Yolo. That Was so Hot. Yeah. Right. Like we just like, we just like, we have endless justifications. This is like Die Logan, who's like, you go man, like, just do your thing. Like evening Logan. Yeah. She's like, but it's what I'm saying is you, we have to acknowledge that die has been so built into us. We can't see it. I, I I love this perspective. And you're, and you're absolutely right. It's like, it's like kind of like ignorance in a way. But, but if we are gonna do this, this probability exercise and we wanna like relate this to math, have you considered, or maybe you have the answer to like how many lives are cut short and how many people live to the extent of their body's capability.


Yeah. Do You know the answer to that question? I don't, That's that would be interesting. It's tough data. Yeah, No. You know, but No, but Brian, I really do think like, 'cause because my, my my like, my biggest fear here is like not living life to the fullest. And then bro, like I don't, I don't want to, I'm not even gonna say what, what, what like kind of dark thoughts I fear or like the tragedy. I fear. 'cause I'm not even willing to like potentially utter those words into existence. Yeah, yeah. But we could get that. But perhaps data, if you're, if you, if you told me 95% of people live to the extent of their body's capability and 5% Yeah. Of people like, like die early, unpredictable. It's probably around there. Yeah. And you could back the data out. But I bet you that's not too far off. I would be much more inclined to, to subscribe to a longevity lifestyle if, if you told me that.


'cause you're, dude, you're absolutely right. You're, I I I resonate with almost everything you say. Same. Almost, almost everything you say like makes complete sense. And I don't feel like much of it having sit, sitting here and talking to you is like controversial or like doubtable. Not really. The one thing you said that was controversial is that the, the god thing I and you, and you've done this with religion before and you have an interesting relationship with, with religion. Hold on. I, in the Mormon church, You, I wanna hear about this diet stuff. I've No, but no, but it's, I I feel like even though you're like 99% right on a lot of stuff, and I think maybe 1% of the time you'll say something that pisses off 99% of people.


Mm. But what did he say today? You, you, you're, are you atheist now? Agnostic. I wouldn't even use a word What You're existing, You know what I mean? It's not, my favorite quote is from Edward Murrow. He was a World War II reporter. He said, those who are not confused don't understand the situation. Okay. I'm, I'm confused Those who are Confused, those who are not confused. But if you take both the double negative out, those who are confused, Understand, understand The Right, like what like Yeah, yeah. We're on this planet. Yeah, I agree. We exist. We're kind like what the universe, where does space begin?


Where does it end? Like what is going on? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. This is insane. Insane. Like no, you're right. A hundred percent. And so, but then we're like, we take this here and we're like, actually, lemme tell you what, like how do we think we know anything about existence? Like we can measure gravity share, like we can measure molecule share. But like these big existential questions, you Don't even, so you don't even bother. Like How could you even approach Question? So sorry. So no, sorry. So that, that stance is, would be considered agnostic? Not, not. No. No, no it's not. No. Yes, it Is. It, he has antic an agnostic stance. Do You believe in higher power? I'm confused. Like that's Agnostic. No, He's not even Yes.


Said his atheist means you are, you are saying you do not believe that there's a higher power agnostic means you don't have proof to believe or not believe that there's a higher power. Mm. He has an agnostic approach towards higher power. I thought agnostic. You still kind of believe in something up there. No, it's, you just don't believe that there's proof to say that there is or isn't. So you just continue living your existence. Yeah. So like the, I would say you're agnostic. Yeah. I mean, so I, I don't use words because I don't wanna walk into A pigeonhole Them like, right. Like the, the words that have been built around those concepts. I'm trying to acknowledge the absolute greatest degree of humility expressible by an intelligent being. I have no, like, humanity has never known what's going on.


Like every era, every generation brings new knowledge. Like, oh, that's what's going on. It just expands, expands. Like, we're always ignorant. We just dunno. To what degree. See you see, this is funny 'cause it's bleeding into what we talked about in the last episode. He, he is at the greatest, probably the greatest level of wokeness in saying, I just really don't know. I mean, there's the, I love, I love the poem. I don't know, I'm for Sure I exist in a place that is one degree either below or above that which is saying I can see both sides. Okay. Meaning I, I exist in a gray area. I I hear what you're saying. I hear what you're saying. I think I hear what I'm thinking. And then you've got this, what is right now considered to be woke mentality, which I believe is the most asleep mentality, which is there's right and wrong, white and black.


And that's all that exists in The world is a very simple answer to every situation. Yeah. Which to me is the most ridiculous belief set in life. 'cause there's just not, this is a very complex lifestyle that we lead. Yeah. Tell me more about diets. Okay, cool. So one other thing I'll tell, I'll jump into diets. So like, if you, what I'm trying to say is look back through history and see when people have tried to solve the riddle of existence, right? So Buddha was like, look, ego death, eightfold path, reincarnation cycle. Liberate yourself from the planes, right? Like, he's like, that's what we do. Jesus was like, I'm the son of God, do this thing.


And you go in afterlife. Muhammad was like submit to God and had his old framework. Marx was like, actually existence is class warfare. American founding fathers were like, actually it's a democratic process. But people throughout history have tried to say like, what is existence? Nihilism? What Do you, yeah. Like what do you do? Like, what is the plan? And what I'm trying to say is, like, in this moment when we're giving birth to super intelligence to the species, don't die solves the riddle of existence. And so when you say like, I might as well eat a Burger, you are manifesting an Ideology, right?


You, you, you don't realize it, but you're playing the script of an Ideology. And what I'm saying is don't die is a brand new construct of how to understand reality. And that Is, it only makes sense when you're giving birth to super intelligence. No other time in history. Can you, can you introduce don't die. Mm. Do like Christianity don't die. Right? It's like, dudes obey these commandments. Don't die Islam do this, don't die. Right? It's like, have kids do this. Don't die. So don't die has like been played forever. So, but this is like a brand new, this is why it's so hard to get your head around it. It Is, it breaks every model of reality. But It's, but, but enjoying a Burger or sex before bed or a crazy action movie or a big bet on the roulette table, the idea of enjoying those things is not a social construct.


It's a chemical reaction. Yeah. Yeah. That is, that is as You know, organic and natural to our life and to our species as our species and our life in general. So, so you're not asking us to, to push back and reject a social construct. You're asking us to through discipline, reject chemical pleasure. Not even that. I'm, I think I am happier than almost anybody. I think I have a more fulfilled life than anybody. I think that basically, well You got me beat living, Like basically saying no to die is the greatest expression of happiness. So people they want, during this conversation, they assume I must be less than happy than them because I don't cheat with pizza.


I don't cheat with burgers and fries. They assume I'm at a deficit. Yeah. I would argue I am happier and more fulfilled and a like a more fully expressed version of consciousness than them. It is a legitimate, better way to exist. Okay. So, So I wanted to ask you this. What, when you look at people who are not subscribed to longevity like you are, do you think they're less than? I think they're playing the scripts of a former version of homosapiens. Are you calling me a caveman? Are you calling me a fucking caveman Burger Eating? Yeah, so No, no, but it's like, surely it's a, you got a little bit of like chump.


Like he doesn't Really strike. He doesn't really strike me. No. But like, like in the back of your mind, you're like, dude, they, they're so dumb they can't even help themselves. Well are you, are you offering like a don't die kit is Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna get into his, I don't wanna shield yet. Yeah. I don wanna I don wanna get into the shilling later, but, but no, seriously, he Caught me eating a giant bacon burrito. Yeah. All he said, so when you see that, you kind of give him like a side. I like He didn't do that. He just said he just Stupid. Okay Man. He just Said like a little bit though. Brian, What did I say? You just said, Hey man, that's not loud in this house. It was very jovial. He was smiling and he laughed it off. And then I took a huge bite. It was all bacon, dude. It was like 40 pounds. You had that burrito to, that shit was crazy. But a little bit. Yeah. It was like 18 minutes of your life. I hope you don't like your grandkids because I ain't gonna be seeing them.


So I'm, I'm saying I have spent more time in my mind imagining being present in the 21st century. Then like, I exist in that world. Love. I love That. I love that. I love this sort experiment. I love, I just do. I, I just like, and I try to think like, what does it feel like? Like what did they, Ima what do they want? What does, what does conscious existence mean a few hundred years in the future? Like what does that feel like? And that's what I try to embody like as a, as a person. Now, like, I may be totally wrong, but I, I see like the way we exist is so primitive that chasing these short term pleasures to cha to to change our conscious existence, to increase the chance that we have disease or death is insane.


We can't see it because it's the norm. And when you suggest people are like, bro chill or like, there's just so many arguments. But it is absolutely the most primitive execution. But it's understandable. Like when you're gonna die anyways, might as well. Like why wouldn't you do that? Like, of course. But when you're not gonna die, when you're in a situation where like, we don't know how far We can extend lifespans. It is a totally different calculation. It breaks everything you understand about being human. This is super disruptive. Don't die is super disruptive. If you do die, does that make you a bitch? I That was your Problem. So I have already died. Brian Johnson is dead.


What was it? What what was Liver King's real name. Yeah. Brian Johnson. I, he's a, he's a i I'm a y Liver King's real name is Brian Johnson. Wait, so your name the same, same as Liver King. And you look kind of like Trevor Wallace. We're the same. That's what You're telling me. We're the same age, the same name. Holy Shit. Because dude, he also sat on this podcast and said Brian Johnson died. Yeah. Did he really? Yes. There we go. Yes. And then he became liver king. Yeah. This is crazy. Wait, what if, how many of Brian Johnson died? What if that, and that's what I'm saying, are they bitches? Yeah, probably. I mean maybe that's just like, what if That Brian Johnson died and he became Liver King and this Brian Johnson was born. Like, he's the reincarnation of the original liver king. Isn't it so good? So like, I mean, I like, You know, we, and we know time compresses things, right?


So like, my existence is don't die. It doesn't matter what I do with my life at this point. Like over some duration of time. Brian Johnson, doesn't matter to The world of intelligent existence, don't die as a mimetic that will exist far beyond me. Unless what do you consider your major win? 'cause in my eyes, man, if you were at like two 50 Yeah. Looking like this. Just running around being Brian Johnson, the the don't Die guy. I don't know, Doing podcasts. Yeah. It's gonna be pretty tough to to hate on you. Yeah. I mean like, so, okay, if we just like, look at this at a, let's say, what is the Halflife, right?


Halflife is like half fast something dies. Yeah. So the halflife of an Instagram story, 12 hours. There We go. Halflife of caffeine, right? Six hours. So like things have a decay curve. Yeah. And then they don't exist. Okay. So if you just say like, what is the half-life of a politician, even like the best politician in America, like whatever, what is the half-life of the notoriety and what happens over time? Things decay insanely fast. Which is why the third century we remember one thing, right? It just reality compresses. Why did, what Is the third say Why you actually haven't said what the thing, What is the thing? Okay. And so in the 15 hundreds and 1519, That's the 15th Century.


Yeah. Mi Magellan settled around The world. Right? So what happened in the year in that century? We Understood the, the the shape of the earth or something. Something Definitely. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So, but do you Have one for the third century or do you always just Yeah. Why Is No, I I randomly chose it. I mean, I think it was, I think if I'm mistaken, it was when Constantine did. It was, yeah. It was like, it was like the Crusade Christian. Yeah. Oh No, no. The crusades were what Year? What year was, was. Anyways, I'm, yeah, but you hit the point. So I guess Yes, yes. You're starting to feel into this a little bit. Could there Have been the wheel? So like don't No, No. Oh no, No. Way earlier. Way earlier. Way earlier. So, so. Right. You mentioned that in your don't die dinners. I was on the signal thread with you or some something, some thread.


Yeah. And you mentioned that in in, in your don't die dinners, it usually takes people like 90 minutes before they're like two hours. Two. So two hours is the average timer for, they're like, oh Yeah, yeah. They have that moment. I'm gonna spoil this for you 'cause I really, 'cause we're doing a dinner after this. Yeah. I'm gonna spoil this for you a little bit. I've been doing these dinner for years and so we do several thought experiments. I've done hundreds. The thought patterns people have Are the exact same. Identical, which is so disappointing. Emotions, ideas, rebuttals. Like, so everything you said today, you've already heard. I've heard thousands Of times. Yeah, I, I know, I Know. So this is like the thing of like, we, we exist, like we think we're original. We think we come with clever concepts. Like we're just, we're patterns.


We should, if you're that focused on like effective time spending, you should have just gave us the food right now. We could've done the don't die dinner. Well, we have the don't die dinner. Honestly. I, that's honestly what we should have done. In fact, we could, we could pivot there right now if you want. Because you to Go to go do the don't diet DI dinner. No. How long have we been going? Well, no, no, no. Hold on a sec. Hold on. Let's, okay, let's abr how long, let's abbreviate some of this other stuff. I need Gary. 'cause Gary's watching this in Tuscaloosa. Tuscaloosa get, get me through the diet stuff and then, and then, and then through the exercise. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm, let me do it quickly. I'll just like, very fast. Here's how you achieve the majority of the benefits I've done. Okay. So I'm I'm best in world. Here's how you do it. So make sleep your number one life priority.


Everything in your life is built around sleep. Because when you sleep well, you have more willpower. Because I did this, this study with my brain interface company kernel. I measured my willpower when I had poor sleep. When I had good sleep, my willpower fell off a cliff when I had bad sleep. Wow. So you're 7:00 PM you're like, should I eat the, the donut or not? You're substantially more likely to eat the donut if you have poor sleep. So sleep number one. Number two is exercise. So if you, if you eat well, if you sleep well, you wake up and you're like, all right, I'm down to exercise. Yep. Exercise increases your your your your want to be exercise to be healthy. Right? So the rule for I have is it's an hour a day. That's a lot for people. So just do 20 minutes and I would suggest first thing in the morning.


'cause if you don't do it the first thing in the morning, like as the day travels on, you're always too busy. Always too chaotic. Yep. So first thing, exercise. So choose something. Yoga, pilates, strength train, cardio like what? Swim, whatever. 20 minutes of exercise every day. With what? With what core goal for the workout? Sorry. Heart rate increase. Like what is your goal? Just being active. So like, you moving the body. Yeah. So like my, every day I do an hour, I do strength, cardio, flexibility and balance. Can I make a suggestion? Yes. I, I think, Oh God, I think, no suggestion. Jump rope. Rope. No jump, jump rope. I think if you, if you, if people are gonna great, do 20 minute workouts. Do and do a heavy jump rope. 'cause if you do a heavy jump rope, not only Is it hard and and tough on your lungs.


Yeah. Cardio wise, you, you'll be working out your arms as well and stabilizing your arms. I dude, jump rope is my favorite fucking Workout. Yeah. And it kicks your ass. Like it kicks Your ass Is, it is so hard. Until you get good at it. It is so hard. Start every workout with the jump rope. Get, get shredded. Okay. So Yeah. Exercise. So it don't make it a big deal. Like you don't have to like, have specific movements down. You don't have to be an expert. Just be active. Now, of course, like We can articulate more advanced versions, like do this thing and that thing. But generally speaking, be active. Right. Okay. That one thing, by the way, for people that want a secondary opinion on it from someone who maybe feels the way you do from day to day. It's the only thing that keeps me alive. He knows this. I get up, I don't do a ton. I, I don't Yeah.


Build any muscle. I don't do I sweat? I do 30 minutes a day. Yeah. Either on an elliptical, on a bike, whatever it Is. It is the only reason I'm alive. Without it I would not be. Yes. I promise you mentally what it does for me mentally far outweighs what it does for me physically. Yeah. Great. Okay. So once you have sleep down, once you have exercise and they are life habits, you don't deviate. They're not f for negotiation. You build a life system. 'cause what you don't wanna do, don't rely upon willpower. Never use willpower. Mm. Okay. So when the, your bad time comes between five and 10, just have a rule you don't eat. It's not a question like, can you resist or will you behave? Well, it's not something you do. You don't do it don't die.


You do. Yeah. It's like, so none is always better than some. I like to equate discipline to two things. 'cause it's hard, but not really. It's action or lack thereof. Yeah. And like it's, to me it's like a zero or one, You know, like, I'm doing this, I've subscribed to this or I'm not Brian. It's much easier said than done though. Yeah. And some people can, like, some people have enough discipline where they can hang out in between of like, I'll have a piece or a bite. It's rare, but most people, like once you have one, it's just like, fucking run Away. No, that's me. That's, that's that's, it's why I need discipline. One more thing for Gary in Tuscaloosa, it gets easier with time. Yes. So you start day, day one, it's hard. Day five is a little bit easier.


Yes. Day 10 is a little bit easier. It's why you have, You know, when you talk to people that are 10 years in recovery from alcohol or drugs, they're having a, a far easier time than people who are on day three. So start it, stick with it for a week. And I guarantee you week two will be easier than week one. Exactly. Well said. So you have those two habits in place. Next is food. Now food's third, because food is so complicated. Yeah. Right. Like we have addictions. Yeah. We soothe. Yeah. It is so hard. So just like, be okay. Like baby, step your way. So with my diet, I've said every calorie has to fight for its life. So every single molecule that goes into my body has to be a superfood among superfoods. And it's gotta be tested for all contaminants. Now that's where you wanna be.


Eventually. Well, we'll get there, but in the meantime, just have a general rule. More good stuff, less bad stuff. Okay. Really basic, right? So you say we know those good stuff. We kind of know, right? Like, vegetables are good berries, nuts, seeds. If you wanna have some meats, okay, you, you wanna not do fast food, you don't wanna do junk food. Right. Just like put things in like big categories. Now don't get paralyzed to be like, is Greek yogurt a good one or a bad one? Like, don't get into it. Right. If it has, if it's sweetened, it has sugar, don't do it. Do unsweetened. It's like you don't wanna have sugar. It's like bad ones. Sugar, bad junk, bad, bad junk food. Like Gatorade fried food.


Well, because You know, like 20 plus grams of sugar, like a 16 ounce. It's just Crazy. It's why it's so, it is insane that a drink would have like 20, 30, 40 grams of sugar. Like Yeah. Like Gatorade. Just for putting just an example. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, avoid those things. And then once you have those three things in place, then you can level up to the next, next go. But like, just get basic life systems. Don't overwhelm yourself. Like don't take on too much, but build these habits. And that's what I've done. And so like, I've made my protocol available to The world for free. So you can see exactly what I do on every single thing. But like, the key thing is most people struggle to get started.


So it's like give them enough encouragement that you can do this. Yeah, for Sure. Sleep. Right? And then you're gonna be like, God damn, I feel amazing. Yeah. Now I'm gonna exercise. And if I do that, you have just, you wanna gain ground ever slow slowly. If you're depressed, I feel, I feel you. Like I feel you so hard and like hearing this, you're probably like, no, like, just try to master the basics one by one. So just like absolutely. It's okay if you have two bowls of cereal instead of three, you're doing a great job. Right. Just like ever. So slowly walk your way into this. How can see I listen to him and we've, we've had people on who I would never say this about. I listen to him and I see someone that I wanna listen to. No, for Sure. Like it's all non-controversial.


He hasn't, not yet. At least he hasn't shilled a single thing. Not even, and, and not that if he did it would be a bad thing. But, but the stuff that he's saying is so ex medically and, and data driven to be accepted. Right. It's all real stuff. Which I, I totally agree with. I I find the hate for you. Hilarious. I find, I, I think it, I think it actually speaks to like the, the primis of human nature. Andrew Ta apologized to him. It's one of the only times I've ever seen it. Didn't. That was Actually, yeah. It was one of the only times I've ever seen What You're doing is so disruptive. People, people just like inherently resistant to it. Which Is it? I mean that's, that's that's that's people man. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, but okay. That, for example, doesn't get to you.


Like, You know, you, you, you say you go to sleep trying to free your mind of, of all negative thoughts and, and keep your mind from running. But the, the chatter online a about you doesn't get to you. I Love it. You love it. I genuinely love it. Damn. What a neutralization. Damn. I mean, it's al it's almost like when it's absent, I'm like, wait, where'd everyone go? You know, like you're a heel. Yeah. I mean like you're Heel and a baby face. You're tweener as we call it. It's all wrestling in The industry. Okay. Can We, can we rapid fire through some peptides? Okay. So obviously the advent of peptides as we move towards ai, it's another thing that people were talking about a lot. Right now, what can I be jamming into my body to kind of either reverse aging, slow down aging, help my joints, help my sex drive, whatever it is, right?


Hormone therapy, testosterone, subscribe. Unsubscribe. Where are you at with it? Yeah. First sleep, exercise, diet s every single time. So like, people want to jump to what is your favorite supplement? What do I do for blank? Blank. Like what? Pills? No, sleep, exercise, diet, like master those. So okay, so say then. Yeah. So say we move to an intermediate slash semi advance level here to a low gain or someone that's like kind of already worked through the, the, the core competencies. What are your feel, what are your feelings on some of these things? I mean, peptides are complicated because they're not well studied. So we, they have a lot of complicated interactions inside the body.


So for us, I've did, I did TB four and A BPC 1, 5 7 on my ankle when it sprained. Yep. Yeah. I, so I did that for that very specific application. I also did a thymosin epi F fastest ankle recovery in history. Yeah. I honestly, yeah. So How did you like the, the BPC? The BPC is generally believed to be pretty pretty. Yeah. So I had a, a high grade strain and a fracture. I was dancing, my foot dropped into a hole. Like turned it. Yikes. Yeah. I was back four weeks later. Wow. I sent your video to my brother who, who, who severely sprained his ankle before fighting Mike Tyson. So after the fight? Yeah. Oh. Oh. It was the first thing he said.


He was like, bro, I healed faster than you following your protocol. Yeah. I mean bro, we're we're on our shit. Yeah. We're on our shit. Yeah. Our our our facility in Puerto Rico is, yeah, That's who he was telling me. Got All the things and, but I sent him, I sent him your video and was like, you gotta beat this guy. Yeah. And he, and he said, Well, well, 'cause also he had no choice. Yeah. He was fighting Tyson like It's crazy. 19 days. Yeah. And, and, and healed a, a gr I think it was a grade two borderline. Exactly. Grade Three Tear. As far as I'm aware it's the best healing protocol in The world. No. When we did this, I looked out like who's got the best healing protocol. Yeah. They had bits and pieces, but nobody had done the stacked version. We did. Yeah. I think it's legit the best in The world. So It was b, p, C on. And what was the other peptide? TB four was for the ankle and Then along and then along with probably some sort of like Yeah.


Physical therapy. Yeah. The, the ankles. So if you're injured one, take it seriously. Don't just walk it off. Mm. You measure it. So get an MRI or get ultrasound or, or a, an x-ray, like depending on the severity. Then we do seven therapies. So six, lemme just give count. First is focused shockwave therapy. Pf no different. Different, yeah. So this is acoustic waves. Okay. Yeah. Have one upstairs. Okay. So it's, it accelerates healing what we're, we're doing it right now for my whole body. But when you have an injury focus, shockwave therapy can, can accelerate the healing process. Two was peptides. Three. We did P, PRP. Yep. Great. Nice. Yep.


Four. We did a magnetic EMG. It's a magnetic technology. I forget now. Is this pimp? No, we actually don't do pimp. Jake says PF is one of the biggest. Yeah. He, he's gotten injured more, but he, he lives and dies by the pen machine. So I know I've heard this. I think we touched on that a little bit in our team. I think the evidence is emergent. It's not clear. Yeah. It's like, it's less, it's like hangs out in that like I know it's popular in the sports world. Yeah. I've heard many people talk about it. I don't think from our perspective the evidence is across the threshold, but we do wanna play with it and like measure it. Yeah. So then this magnetic thing then then light therapy using red light to accelerate healing infrared. Yep. Yeah. And so I guess that was what, six?


It's probably five, but yeah. Yeah. Five. So that stacked protocol because the peptides. Okay. Okay. So Ibuprofen. Ibuprofen. I Don. No, I don't think we did it. Alright, move, moving, moving quickly. 'cause I'm, I said rapid fire. Eh, so that's, that's your peptide. All your experience there. Any, have you ever heard of PT 1 41? No. The sex peptide. So this is a, it's been around, but it's starting to get a little bit more popular now as we move into this world of better sexual health. Yeah. Obviously you've seen all of these, these digital wellness companies put putting sildenafil fil Yeah. In The world, right? And people are using it. Maybe they should be, shouldn't be in certain circumstances. PT 1 41 is a, is a sex peptide that works on the brain of men and women to increase dopamine response.


So I think peptides are very interesting and very cool, and I think there's a lot more studies to, to do. One last question. In that world, semaglutide and Ozempic, where do you see this whole thing going? Yeah. Is it a good thing? Is it a bad thing? Is it studied unstudied? Where are you on it? Yeah, so on the i, one other peptide I take is cerebral lysin Sounds brain Related. Yeah, exactly. So it's, it's from pig brain and it's meant for people take it for TBI and Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. Oh, shit. So we've been playing with that. The, the problem with peptides, I would just say this. If you're going to do something measure, you always want to measure. And so if the problem with peptides is like you do it, how do you measure it? We have the same problem with cerebral lysin.


Like how do we measure it? We're doing MRIs of the brain. So that's what we come back to every time is like, if you hang out in like opinion land, you're always in dangerous territory. If you can measure something, you're much better. I guess the, The brain's The brain's tough. No, the brain's a tough one for Sure. Yeah. Yeah. MRI gives you good data, but like generally speaking, you can look at all What Data does an MR MRI give you? Oh, ama amazing. MRI is the best Blood flow and Yeah, so I'm, I'm the most measured MRI person in The world. I've spent over a hundred hours in m MRI over the past four years. Do you have A, how many MRIs Have you gotten? Probably like 50, 60, something like that. Bro, I'm, I am probably right under Really? Dude, I've riddled with injury.


Oh no. Riddled. What, what I mean from, I mean ev every, everything, I mean just actually most of 'em are kind of like freak accidents. That Makes me very worried. Tell me what happened. What do you wanna start? I lost 15% of my testicle. I Got a metal plate the size of a quarter in my head. I have a 40 millimeter screw in my right hand. Both knee surgeries or knee surgery on both knees before the age of 18. Wow. And keep in mind his is only a percentile of mine. I'm Worse. Yeah, man. We're fucked Up. We're bad. Splenectomies, broken femur, shattered ankle, brain comb, like concussions left and right. Yeah, we're fucked up dude. Yeah.


Concussions. Right? That makes me very worried Bad. Why? Why are you worried? I'm good now. I'm being preventative. I know you now, so I'm all right. H spot. Yeah. So we should actually, after we do this, we should go upstairs. I'll do the, the focus shock wave therapy on you. Oh shit. It will find your injury. Like, we'll just go really we'll. We'll go over an area. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm solid now. And I say that like, I'm so grateful that I'm, I'm, I'm solid Now. I, I'm not, I stay solid. What's going on, Michael? Well, just my ankle. Oh yeah. His ankle's off. I mean, this guy might as well cut his leg off. Yeah, I'm at that stage. I need fusion. Wow. I'm fully arthritic. A hundred percent. Yeah. End stage. Let's Let, let's, let's Do it. Yeah, you'll see. We'll just roll it around. But I'm good.


But again, I'm good now. So what would it, what would it showed me. Yeah. Yeah. So, but you're good by what measure? I feel. Okay. Yeah. So yeah. So we should I, I have a little lower back thing going on. Ooh. Yeah. Little bit. So Like, something that you should shock with. So we, we yeah. We should get an MR MRI logo of your whole body. I have recently. Okay. And did you quantify it of like how your joints, You know, I think so. I did. Do you look at it? You did A full, you did a full scan. Yeah. Brain volumes. You looked at all the spine and stuff like that. Yeah. And how is everything good? No tumors? No. Do you, how do you, how do you feel about full scan as preventative? Yeah. I do it every year. It's got you All. You do Well, you, you have to be preventative. Yeah. That's, that's one thing I've, I've certainly learned and with injuries I've, I've failed is like to be reactionary.


Yeah. On your body is the worst thing ever. Yes. Yes. So to be, to be preventative and assume these things are gonna happen and then do what you can to prevent them by strengthening certain parts of your body. Especially the compromised parts. Yeah. Not everyone's an athlete, but like, I have bad knees, so I'm gonna train your strain, my legs often. Yeah. Where do you, where do you scan? We have multiple facilities. Yeah, you do, you do? No, we go to multiple. Okay. We, we, we came up with all these unique protocols. Like, so we wanna measure like certain MRI scans to like standard stuff. And we wanted to do more than standard stuff. We wanted to isolate certain organs or certain processes. So we had to build our own protocols and we go to MRI facilities and be like, can you do this?


Like, sorry. No. Oh, shit. So we've built the world's best protocol to scan all joints, all systems, all organs. Well, I would love to go to Well, I'll set you up. That'd be awesome. Yeah, it does. Yep. I, I, I do wanna get outta here because I know you got like a 6:00 PM Cut, like cut off before you can stop eating. And we're supposed to do one of your dinners. I just have one more question and, and I gotta get a soundbite. Why did you take your son's blood and put it in your body? I mean, my son is here, Toal. Do you wanna come say hi? Yeah. Talid Tal Mitch. Yeah, Toal is Talid, yeah. Al. Yeah. Yeah. Toal Alage is amazing. I'm, I'm gonna give a quick spoiler in the documentary. He was going off to college. You guys dropped him off at the dorm room. Saw him when I walked in. First thing I asked him, I said, how you liking college gap year?


Yeah. That didn't last very long. Didn't last very long. Shortlived Yeah. If, if you wouldn't mind, however best you can, that'll talmage when, when you speak just try, try to talk into the mic. So, yeah. Not in college. Gave your, gave your dad your blood. Yeah. Yeah. He is Blinked twice. If he tricked you into doing it. Yeah, I would, I would, I would never do that. Yeah. Well, so he was talking with his dad, and his dad was experiencing cognitive decline. And so he offered to do this plasma exchange with my grandfather. And then they were doing this for medical reasons and then he asked me if I wanted to do it. Mm. And I said yes immediately. So we did the world's first tri generational plasma exchange.


And Now I have the title Blood Boy, I, I have to say the, that, that moment on, on in the Netflix doc was like, beautiful guys was beautiful. I wasn't sure what to make of the doc. And I told you this yesterday, Brian. Yeah. I was like unsure how they were gonna, I was 20 minutes in. I was like, how are they gonna make this a whole? And it's, it's you guys, you guys are the story. Yeah. And that moment between the, the three generations exchanging blood from young to old Correct. Was like, you gave blood to your dad and you gave blood to your dad. Was a really beautiful moment. Especially considering the backstory with the church and, and the Yeah. The fallout at one. It it's a good doc. It's a good doc guys. How, how, how are people responding to you in, in the dock?


Like, you're, you're like, you're have a prominent role in a pretty significant Netflix documentary. Like you're essentially famous now. Are people reacting to you on the streets? Yeah. I think the, the biggest thing that I found is that there are so many people who are my age who want to be healthy and they feel like they aren't justified in doing it or they feel ostracized if they do it. So it's almost as if me doing it and the relationship I have with my dad, people are vicariously living through me to experience social validation for being healthy. So I'm hoping that it some in a way gives people permission that yes, you can prioritize sleep.


No, you don't have to go out and drink or party to have friends. So hopefully that's sparking some level of change. Cool. His generation's gonna is doing it. How, how old dude? How old Are you? 19 teenager. They're, they're, they're extremely sober curious. They're, they're focused on their health. I think this is gonna be the generation where you start to see an increase in, in response to that type of health. Would you say your gang is neurotypical or not? Mm. I try to, I try to, I realize that I'm also an MPC like everyone else and we imitate those around us. So I try to have some self-awareness about how I act, but at the same time, I live in a world where we prioritize health.


And so it's so normal to me. So I've seen him as a father and he's so normal to me. But when I rub up my perception against the world's perception, I'm like, oh, he's, he's crazy to people. Yeah. Like I don't, I don't see it 'cause I'm in it. And so it's like a, a common pattern that whatever group you're in or whatever social norms you do, you, you can't see the craziness of it. So I try to step outside of it. Fair. Dammit. This kid's smart. Elevated tone. You're ahead of your years young man. Yeah. Good For you. Amazing dude, Brian, you should be proud dude. I am so proud of him. Yeah, Man. We just gotta get the other two on board. What the fuck, guys? Honestly, what the hell are you guys doing? I don't, I don't know them, dude.


But I watched this doc and I'm like, man, to have a severed family because of a church. Oh my God. It makes me sad, man. It makes me sad. Especially 'cause like, I, like Mike said, I don't think anything you're saying is like, like, like too controversial. You're making a lot of sense dude. You're making a lot of sense. And you're, you're actually doing something I think that is extremely noble for our species. 'cause if We can take even a fraction of the things you are doing and the, the learnings that we're gonna find out because of you and extend our life by, by what? 10 minutes, six months, a year? A any of those answers makes it worth it. Kind of. Unless, You know, you wanna have a 10 10 Burger.


Yeah. But let's, let's go, let's go do your don't die dinner. Yeah. Let, this has been great. Yeah. I for Sure. IIII was very excited for this podcast. It definitely delivered. Let's continue to chop it up. Brian, John Johnson. Talmage. Thank you guys for joining us. Can I, can I leave? Can I leave you guys with one thing? Sure. Alright. So I hope for those of you at home, I hope we delivered on some practical stuff. Here's like the backdrop. I would invite you to contemplate this entire conversation. So again, travel back in time and you're hanging out with Homoerectus a million years ago, right? And you're like, homoerectus, tell us about the reasons why you want to exist. Like, what are you looking forward to? They, they would not have an answer for it. They'd be like, I I don't, what do you mean?


I just surviving. Alright, Well gonna like find more berries. Yeah. You wanna forge more, more go to war more. Yeah. Just, I mean, their answer would, would, would I of ironically be like, I don't wanna die. Yeah, exactly. So like, they, they wouldn't know like what, they wouldn't know the reality we exist in right now. Like, they wouldn't know how to imagine smartphones and antibiotics, airplanes, the internet. Right. Ai which like just generates intelligence. So they couldn't articulate any ideas. So they wouldn't, but if you could be like, Hey, homework, like you wanna be around 'cause the future is pretty amazing. Like, like it's gonna blow your mind and you can't even begin to imagine.


So I wanna propose the reason why we want to exist is I think that we're going to traverse like a million years of evolutionary progress in like 5, 10, 15 years. Like it's, it's here. The future is unimaginably different than what We can imagine. We don't even know why we want the future. It's gonna be crazy. And so, but I think it's worth us wanting to play the game. We don't know how it's gonna turn out, but like, we're right there. And so it's like this epic moment to exist and it's our opportunity to say yes to it. That's what this whole thing is about, is saying yes to life.


Let yes to existence. What I'm hearing is don't die. If you die, you're gonna have fomo basically. Yes. Yeah. That's And FOMO is the worst. That's a good summary. It it is so true. I'll tell you something man. I want to see what's gonna happen in the next 10 20. Yeah. Like I am eager to see what this next couple decades. I just want the flying cars man. I've been waiting for, for a long time. Dude, we close. Yeah, we're close for flying cars on there. Alright. Alright, let's get it. Brian Johnson, ladies and gentlemen, Thank you. Hey guys. Hey impulsive guys. Listen, thanks for watching. If you're not subscribe, hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.