
Dominic mysterious in the house, The judgment day. They're always gonna be my family. I can't just be like my dad and just disappear. Some people will come up to me and instead of saying anything, they'll just boom me. Does it ever get to You? Explain, get To me. Like, you walk backstage, you're like, damn, I really am a piece of shit. I don't think there would be a more dominant duo in the WWE than you and I I agree. Your Haircut is giving hvac. What is that? Heating, venting, and air conditioning. You never thought about moving to Tuscaloosa, for example, and starting an hvac. I saw you just got married. Ria Came to the wedding. Were you nervous for that interaction? Well, It's like you got your work wife, meaning like your wife, wife. Last week when Ria licked my face, the first text I Got from her was Woo.


Dominic Mysterio. Dominic Mysterio. Ladies, gentleman. He's in the house in The world. Most he's so mysterious. Good to see you. Good to see you, brother. Welcome to Impulsive. We, we ditched our backdrop, but it's still impulsive. Is it 'cause of me. No, no, no, no. I was just over it, bro. It's just over here. Let me, let me adjust How you been. Good, good. How you been? This feel good? Yeah. You a headphones guy. I mean, it's optional. It's, it's the best way to do it. I Prefer, all Right. It's the best way to do it. Don. I just Don't wanna mess with the mulley. You know. Oh. Oh, I see You know. I can relate. Oh, this is Crazy. Wait, are we, are we gone? Yeah, because, because you can't relate. You're, your is nothing compared this. Hold on. Yeah, but it wasn't always like that.


It doesn't matter what it was like or when it was like, it, it is. You're, you have been outm molded for life. I know. No, but there by domes. I know, but there was a time where mine was flowing. And Dom, you didn't even have the mullet. Ah, don don't know. And I guess No, no, no. We, we wrestled. Yeah, we, at WrestleMania, we Had our first mania together. We debut with and WWE together. So, I mean, first off ladies and gentlemen, Dominic Myster is in the house. Finally, By the way, finally, I wanted to do this episode for a long time, for A while. A long Time. It's about time. Yeah, It is about time for real. We are very happy to have you Thank you guys for having me. So, yeah. I mean, look, we, we debuted in WWE e together against each other. Opposing And bro, at the time, my mullet had to beat and then all of a sudden we keep coming to work and I see this thing growing out and I, I'm like, I see what he's doing.


And now, Dom, I mean, it's the best in the business. It's dude, it has a mind of its own really. It really does. I feel like the longer the mullet, the more evil and heal you got. Yeah. Like I said, it kind of just took on like a thing of its own. Yeah. You know. The more condition I put in it, the more it kind of just Grows. Yeah. Maybe I should try that for the crown in the back of my head a little bit. See if it works. Yeah. You don't condition? No, I don't really wash my hair much. I heard it's bad to remove all the oils. How often do you wash Every day? I don't. I heard that's not good. Me too. I also, because the natural oils are good for your, for your hair. I shampoo and condition every day. Really? Yeah. You feel like you're a hygiene kind of guy?


I, I try to be. Is that why mommy likes you? Don? Don't know. I smell good You know don don't know if it's the Latino in Me Too. You know Little Espanol. It's crazy, bro. You're really like just a lady, lady killer. You a, a killer in general. You beast in WWE e Another reason why I don't wear a mask You know My dude. That's why I Don. I mean, ah, he, it is what it is. But yeah, I mean, there's a reason why don don't wear it. Mike was asking me, how much of your life do you keep separate from WWE e And I wasn't sure really how to answer. Yeah. 'cause like 90, 90% of the You know of our research and the PDF that we got going into this was like WWE e stuff. And I was like, I wanna know about the other side.


Who's I wanna know Yeah. About the, the man behind the Knot mask You know what's he like in real life? What does he, what does he like to eat? Oh man. I'm an In-N-Out kind of guy. Really? Dude, I can eat Inn Out seven days out of the week. Yeah. 'cause where are you from originally? I'm San Diego kid. Yeah. I mean, bro, you got that bias. You got the SoCal bias, bro. Well, what do you mean bias? It's A SoCal bias. Is. it is. It's a regional Great. But I'm gonna, you're our guest so I don't wanna do it to you. No, you Gotta do it to you. Are You to do this Whataburger crap? Absolutely not. That is, that is the most horr, sorry to the south right now. But that is the most horrifying excuse for for Food The world. Yeah. It's not great in The world. Give it to him. He's a burger guy. He, he's got the number one burger review show.


Yeah. Whatever. I've seen it. I've just never tried your burgers. Yeah. Burger Look good. They recommendations 10, 10 burgers coming soon to a lot of cities. But I, you know, shake Shack. Okay. I wasn't a fan of Shake Shack Burgers. Really? Yeah. I had it once and then I never went back. Get your arm off my arm. Why? Because I don't like it. This isn't a Tag team buddy. You're not a touchy kind of guy. You know? Not as much with my friends. See, I, I like to, I like to have clear lines. That's fair. You know. I thought it was different between us, Mike. I thought we, I thought we were boys. He, He actually pushed me last week and a fit of rage. How dare you. Outside of Jake's fight. And it went super viral. Did I? Yeah. Oh no, bro.


You were walking with my fiance. Well, I mean, I don know. I get that, That I Forgot who I was for a second. I thought it was you. No. Oh, I didn't even know who I was. I would love to be you. I think you're a great guy. I think you're a great guy. Thank. you. Dominic, back to You Dom. So Thank you for coming on. We want to know who Dominic Mysterio is both in and outside of the ww I think people are very confused about the allure of Dominic Mysterio because as far as I can tell, you're a very nice, likable young man. But Dominic, you can't even speak out there in the WWE. You can't even cut a promo without getting damn near booed outta the arena. What's wrong with these people? I don't know. I think it's jealousy Must be right.


Yeah, A hundred percent. I don't know. 'cause they don't, they don't know me right. Personally, at least. I mean, depends what kind of mood I'm in. Usually I'm a pretty nice guy. If I'm hungry You know. I I'm not that nice. Yeah. Gotta have some attendees in me and Inn Out Burger. Yeah. But I feel like I'm, I'm fairly nice at the airports. Not a nice guy. Fair You know. Fair. Maybe. Maybe everybody in the crowd had come through the airport to Get there and seen at the airport. Yeah. I just, I I don't know what it is about airports, man. I just don don't know if it's like stupidity just runs through people or like, lack of common sense. It's a mixture of the both. What I've found about airports is they're the proving grounds for a man's patience.


Hmm. I agree. There is, there is nowhere on earth like an airport when you're waiting behind a woman as she tries to fold up six strollers. Oh yeah. To push them down the security belt. Or God forbid you end up in Miami at the Miami airport, which Is Hands down the worst airport. Can't be worse than Orlando Airport. I'm telling you. I have Have you ever seen an officer pull their service weapon on a group of protesters outside the Santo Domingo date gate in Orlando? 'cause I've seen it. Dude, that's a good one. Seen protests. He took a India, he took a video of it. His video was like the one that like daily mail reached out to him and was like, can we use your content? Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. Last week. I gotta see this video. It's insane. Last week they had green sewage pouring from the ceilings.


The entire terminal is filled with green sewage ninja Turtles taking over Something when I go to pee in the bathrooms there, the amount of pubic hairs on the toilet. I have never in my life seen an airport like this. I don't know who runs it. Do you focus on the pubic hair? You know that's a, that's a thing. I try not to focus so much on bad things, but it's hard to find a good thing about the Mayan airport Fair. There's nothing there, there's nothing good about Is Auntie Ann's there? I think they're, they do wetzels Pretty Good. I guess. That's good. Pretty Wetzels is pretty good. Mm. But enough about pretzels. Sorry. We we're, we haven't done anything in a couple weeks, so we're getting sidetracked a little bit. It's all good. Do you, okay. I feel like I'm sitting with the potentially the two most hated people in the WWE right now.


Do you feel like a, a heel yourself Logan? Not at all. Not at all. I think, I think when I go out there, the people love me. I think they give me my my flowers because I deserve them. You know. I've been working hard just like you Actually, that's not true at all. You work so much harder than me. Dude. Dude, at one point I saw a stat online that you had wrestled like 250 matches in 260 days. Yeah. I think it was la I don't know if that was right, but it was last year. I was second to Cody. Yeah. For most matches in the company. You're a workhorse. It was, yeah. It was pretty nuts. Yeah, Dude, I come, I come to work You know every once every other month and a half.


And I see you, your shoulders falling off the mullet. Obviously about an inch longer each time. But I, I'm like, yo, are you okay? How are you feeling? And, and and and what you're just pushing through. Like why are you, why are you working so hard? You gotta work smarter. Not harder, bro. I definitely do work smarter though. That's the thing. It's not about, I it's when you see, you said my shoulders falling off. I mean like, shit hurts. But like, I can go You know what I mean? I'm not like, there's a difference between being hurt and injured. If I'm injured, I can still go Dom. No, bro. No. I remember distinctly you going verbatim. Like I can't even move it.


Yeah. It was stuck by your side. And you would a match in like two days. Now I wrestled that night, bro. That's love bro. That's Love. That's a different type of you. Mysterio is something, something in the blood. Huh? Is that where it comes from? Is that where your work ethic comes from? You give it all up to Pops. Do you wanna take a moment right now to really just shine a spotlight on the man that is Ray Myster. Give him his flowers. Really give him all the credit that everybody in The world knows. His dude on You know the floors is yours. I mean, I'd, I'd love to and I I I'm not gonna take away anything that he's done, you know, for his height and his size and for what he looks like. You know he's done a good job for himself. But like don don't know man. He, he, you try and start and compare it.


Like what was he doing when he was four years into the business? Not what I'm doing. you know what I mean? Right, right, right. But it's like, don don't know. It's hard to compare myself to him 'cause I'm so much better than him already. And taller And Taller. Better looking. I mean, God, the knees, the knees are probably Much better, stronger. His knees Are by I'm 27. Right. I'm pretty sure by 27 he already had No knees. Four, Five knee surgeries just on his left knee. So he was already cooked by the time he was in his thirties Deal. He needs help. Yep. But He needed help. But You know, I'm, I'm here, I'm good to go. The greatest mystery of all time. You guys have had him here.


He talked his stock. But don don't know man. I don't, I, I'll, like I said, I'm gonna give him his credit for what he's done and for how he's done it and for his You know for the Latino culture. But I just feel like I'm gonna take it to the next level. Dude. I, I personally really like Ray. I I respect what he's done. In fact, I I, I gotta thank him for letting me beat his ass in front of Saudi Arabia and taking the United States championship and Yeah. for Sure dom. And, and I know you're very proud of me. Yeah. You hyped me up and gave me some motivating words to beat your father's ass before the match. I Helped I'm sure. Right? I a hundred percent it did not Champ. Yeah. And, and i, I do regret almost killing him, you know, but it's wrestling.


These things happen. Accidents happen It on our PDF here. I'm, I'm curious as well. It, it, it, it asks how like, do we know if you're actually his biological son? 'cause the height difference is crazy. You're like six one and he's five. He's four 11. Is It the knees, I think my grandma's four nine. He's like four 10 maybe. That can't be Accurate. Nah, I think he's like five two. Don. Don't think, does anyone have a fact check on this dude? Maybe Five. Maybe five four. Facts don't matter these days, bro. He raised four 11 There. He's Quick question about the family, your girl I think, and your pops who you claim to be better than, which I'm sure some will agree with.


They both have characters in the new Call of Duty game that I could play as, 'cause I like to You know, sit in a Wednesday night and just go play some multiplayer. I tried to grab your player and I wasn't able to find it. Is there a specifically a reason why you only play on Wednesdays? Don't you dare try to twist this off, dude. No, no, no. 'cause you can't. Why is your player available on Thursdays? No. Like, But if you go on WWE 2K, my player's available all Three seven. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. What's your, what's your stats? I Think I'm an 83. Do you feel okay about that number? No. That is kind of low. I think for, I think it's a bit low. I should be at least an 87 at least. You know for all the matches at least became champion back to back for NXT, the North America championship.


I lost it. And then what, like two days later came back and won it again. So it's like my rating should have just kept going up and up and up. Do you get paid the more, do you get paid more the more you wrestle? Is that why you do it? No, I wish. What do they make you do it? I don't think they make me, it's, you're just more of like a here's an opportunity. And I'm like, yeah, See, this is my opinion. You're obviously a star. You're a superstar. You're one of the best that WWE has to offer. And so and so am I. And that's why I, I don't wrestle as often as some of my peers because you gotta keep it scarce. you know, there's a, it's a scarcity Principle. I just think what you do is more special.


Almost like he's like, how do you say it? Like a, like a visitor kind of. Yes. I, I wouldn't even wanna say visitor. 'cause like, you've been doing this, you've been doing this for a hot minute now with us, right? 2023 Years. Three three years. Yeah. Yeah. Wait a sec. It's not 2026. Is it. No, No. That Can't be that. That was horrible math. That was someone's math. I'm not a math, I'm Not a math guy. It's just simple. It's only a couple. 2021 I think was our first Wrestle. Was it in Dallas? Yeah, in Dallas In 2020. Yeah. 2020. Oh, We Can, was it 2020? Nah, I'm done with this. I series of questions. I can't Do this anyways. You've been doing this for a hot minute, don. Don't think you're necessarily a visitor at this point.


I think you're You know part of the fam, but like what you do as far as like, your matches are more special. 'cause it's like the people know when you're in there, you're gonna do, you're gonna do some, some crazy shit. I, I see. Yeah. I I really do give it my all and, and I and I say this a day before, two days before summer slam this, it will have already happened. So people have seen what I, what I'm doing. But I intend on sacrificing my entire health and wellness during that match. And, and, and, and You know why I can do that is because don don't perform as often. So you get to to rest. I get to rest and recover. And I'm coming in there like full strength. You know Guns a blazing every time.


But This is what I don't understand, Dom, you're, you're giving it, you're all out there. Every time. You're, you're, you're, you're doing the second most matches in the ww you're an actual workhorse and they just don't appreciate you. It makes me sad when I see you go to talk and it's just, you can't even get a word out. 'cause everyone's just booing. And It's been for so long too. Like, it's, it's kind of weird just being able to talk now with you guys. 'cause like I feel like I should be getting cut off at some point. Should we, Should we do it? No, no. At some point? No, no, no. Okay. I mean, if, if you want to. I do not want to do it. Do you like I actually don't want to do it. No, don't. I was the one heavily requesting this episode. I can See it in your eyes. You're wrong. You're wrong dude. Yeah, he's, he was so, he said, should we do it? Should we Do it? He did want do it. He did want To do it.


It's okay. Y though. No Cut shit, dude. Why would you do that to me? We had a rapport going there. Sorry, I just, that was crazy. I just wanted to test your Spanish. Can I ask you about this hate? Yeah. That you get that I, we keep talking about today. Does it ever get to you? Like, I actually beat transparently. Like don't sugarcoat it. You know what I'm saying? Explain. Get to me. Like, you walk backstage, you're like, damn, I really am a piece of shit. Not at all. No. I take pride in everything I do. Okay. As far as like, You know, getting booed and stuff. Like, dude, I could, I could give a shit. Like, but but some people would say that like punching your own father in the face warrants, that type of reaction.


Yes. Yeah. Also funny story at WrestleMania, when I threw my cup of water at my sister, they, I was, I was politely asked to throw it at her chest, but when I received a cup of water, there was, there was not enough water in it. And so I was, I was like, if I throw it at her chest, this isn't gonna get a reaction. So I just threw it at her face, headshot there. But I didn't realize there was actually a good amount of water in there. So when I went back, everyone was like, Hey, you were supposed to, I was like, ah, You know it is what it is. So, but that was a better reaction. Thrown it at her face. 'cause there was the camera, she spit the water back out. So, But I could see it a world where people say, well, throwing a cup of water in your sister's face is kind of mean.


Depends The world and what variant you're talking about Which variant of The world? No, which variant of me. Oh, like a multiverse? Hmm. Oh, got it. Are family dinners awkward? There's not many family dinners. Yeah. It sounds like my family. Like when I was growing up. Interesting. So you people used to boo me a lot to do. Oh really? They still do actually quite often. Boo used to it. Does it take a toll on the people around? And most important, I wanna ask this. Do the people that are booing you in the crowd, holding up those signs, Dom sucks. Like whatever it says, right?


Do they keep that same energy in real life when they see you? Some people do. It's kind of funny 'cause some people will come up to me and they'll just, instead of saying anything, anything, they'll just boo me. Like in instead of being, oh hey do oh do boo. And then just keep going. What if, what if that's all they're actually able to say. Like what if that's the extent of their vocab, Then I, I I I Just, No, I feel like you have that, like, people have that response to you. They just, that's all they know. Yeah. It's kind of weird. They, it's kind of just like they're, they see me and they're just so used to one thing and that's booing. So they just like, boom. Me, dude, I, IIII can't believe the the heel turn. They mic just broke the Oh, It's fine. It's usual. Yeah. It's great.


Dude. I can, I can't believe the heel turn Dom. I'm so, I'm so proud of you, dude. I, I, I said it on this podcast before, like, when, when we first started wrestling, I was like, okay, where are we all gonna fit into this world? And I didn't really understand or see it for myself and for you, I was just like, how, how is he gonna do this when he has to? He's living in such a big shadow of one of the greatest wrestlers of all time. I You know. And I, and I, and I say that not to offend you 'cause I know how you feel about your father, but he literally is one of the greatest wrestlers of all time. And yet you were able to carve this, this niche for yourself. And I guess, are you at a point where you identify as Eddie Guerrero being your father?


I mean, I don't know if I identify as Eddie Guerrero being my father, but he definitely had a huge influence. Well, I've heard you say it. You know, there's been a, i I question it for Sure. I mean, I questioned my mother at this point. 'cause I don't, you know, like, I don't know what's don don't know what's happening in the nineties. Yeah. You know and apparent You know my dad was gone all the time. There was, there was a custody battle on TV for you. Did you think that was, did you think that was real? How old were you at the time? I Was eight years Old. Bro. There had to be a part of you that thought that that was real. So there Was a part of me that, like d like I, I knew the differences, but there were certain points where like, it was hard to like find the difference.


Especially when, like, when Eddie was like in the ring, You know, I was, I was one of those fortunate people to say I Got to step in the ring with Eddie Guerro. And there was one point in the match where I remember I slid in, I went to go shake the ladder and he turns around from up top and he just starts shaking his finger. And as he's coming down, I don't remember as far as like what was planned, but I just remember him backing me up into the corner, just freaking veiny red, just screaming at his lungs out at me. Just going, I'm gonna teach you how to be a Guerrero. Like putting his hand up. Like, don don't remember any of this as a kid as far as like us going over what was gonna happen. I just remember being backed up into like this corner by Eddie.


Just him raising his hand and then freaking, you know, my deadbeat comes outta nowhere and turns him around. And like they start getting into the match. And I, I'm so frozen. You see like the ref Charles Robinson, Lil n he pulls me from under the ring. He's like, all right, let's go. 'cause I just, I'm frozen now. I'm like, what the, what the hell's going on man? So we call that, we actually call that trauma. Trauma. That's trauma. That's trauma. Oh, okay. Trauma. Trauma basically. So that, yeah, that's what that is. Yeah. Yeah. That's traumatic. Has it, has it manifested itself? Do you have a therapist by chance? No, My wife does a pretty good job of it. Got it. You know, it's funny too, I was, we were in home last week and I was like, Hey, I saw a funny video of my dad. And she goes, what was it? I was like, he was shouting me out on my birthday.


I was like, I guess he wasn't there for my third birthday. And she goes, what do you mean? I was like, yeah. I was like, I showed her the video and it's like my dad going, Hey, shout out to Dom. It's his third birthday. And I was like, yeah, I guess he wasn't there. Dang. Logan sends those to kids. It's like that he is never met before. Very similar. Very Similar. Yeah. I get those from my dad. Yeah. Well look, I've always wanted to do what you did and beat up my dad, but I'd never been able to Really? He still can. Does Does he have an interest in WWE? No. Oh. Had he had a stroke recently, dude. Oof. Then don don't, it's, It was a silent stroke. But he's just, he's is He okay. Yeah. The don don't know if I should say this, just in case anyone does wanna take him down. His left side isn't as strong.


So if, if I were to take him down, I'd go for his left side. Just 'cause that's how Strokes work. His left side. There's Probably so many characters he could build off of that. How old is he? Left side list person? He's 60. 60 plus. 60. Oh. Oh, see you have a, so he's like the son, like your dad. Gotcha. He said his dad's 60 plus. Imagine that. Calling him that age a thing. 60 plus. Well, your dad is what? 50 something. I. think he's about to be 50, bro. He gotta he gotta chill. I'll be honest with you. He gotta find a new profession or something. Go, go, go work at Tao. Dude. Flare. Flare. Rick Flair did it until he was like 84. That's Whoa. He he, he had a stroke. He had two strokes in his last match.


Like that's Woo. Back to that. Yeah. Whoa, what's happening? He's like out on the ap, he's like taking a nap on the apron. Mid Match. No, this not. Yo, Rick, Rick. I love Rick. Got Chill brother. You Got chill. No, this was like, this was like two years ago. Summer Slam in Nashville. So maybe he's, this is like a while. There's a couple, but there's a couple guys I feel like from the, from the org that are like, dude, like we were with Hulk, you know what, like at this point, like a month or so ago, that dude is like, that was last week. Well, no, by the time the episode comes out, my bad. I was in the metaverse, like, this dude rolls in, you know, he's like, oh man, late night last night. Boys You know. We're like, everything all right, you get enough sleep?


He's like, Got like two hours. My question outta that is like, do you see yourself You know in 80, 90 years still being a part of the org? Or, or what? Like what, what are your dreams and aspirations? I mean, I, I love this business. Yeah. You know with all my heart, but I definitely don't see myself doing it till the wheels fall off. you know, I wanna be smart about it. I wanna have a family, have kids. I wanna be able to play with my kids. I want to be able to run around with them and stuff. You wanna do the things that your dad didn't do with you? Exactly. Wow. You get it. Wow, Bro. You get it, Mike. See there's people that break the cycle and people that just recreated. Yeah, I wanna be there for my kid's third birthday, You know. Things like that.


But yeah, I mean, as far as like the future goes, I mean, I want to, I feel like I'm a very simple guy. You know, I want to You know, save up, get, get a nice big pot of land. Land. Just go get some animals, a bunch of dogs. Land is the dream. And then just You know, have a farm. That sounds so nice. Some California goodies. What kind of, what kind of dogs? Currently I have a boxer pity, but she's, she's the best shot. That's, that's amazing. What would you do for work if you had to continue working and you couldn't break people's heads open like watermelons? That's a great question. My wife's, she's a great baker.


Oh, bakeries. She'd probably, we'd probably start like a dog bakery treats Or something. Oh, you bake dogs? That's cool. No, no, no, no, no, no. We would not bake dogs. Okay. Bake. Bake for dogs. Sorry? Bake treats for dogs. Treats for dogs. Okay. Have you ever considered, your haircut is giving hvac, What is that? Like Heating, venting and air conditioning. I don't even know what that means. It's like, it's like a Is. it is. Are you saying this? 'cause I'm Mexican Whoa. I, I see. I deal with a little, a lot of this forced racism from this guy right here. You know. I don't know what it all Don don't know what you're Talking, talking about. He just says, no matter what I say, I'm like, dude, you kind of suck at co. He's like, 'cause I'm Mexican men.


No, no, you, you straight up, you just straight up brought, so no, that's Not, It's heating, venting and what Else? Air conditioning. And by the way, it is a very, very qualified position that h HVAC people make a ton of money. It's a great trade, a great skill. You never thought about moving to, like Tuscaloosa, for example, starting HVAC job. Dude. Have you ever thought about it? No. 'cause I don't have that hairstyle. I I mean what kind of hairstyle do you have? Felonies. It's like a bus. I don't know. Felonies bro. I mean it's like jail bar. What's the show called? Prison Break. I've never seen You. know what I'm saying? Like I feel like I'm that hairstyle. That's fair. I mean, you do.


I can't grow it much longer. I even went to Turkey to try to have 'em help And, and that's all you got. Well, I could grow it further. You just cut it? Yeah, I cut it short. 'cause it, I like cut that. It's easy to maintain. Okay. Don't you ever wanna stick your head out the window when you're driving and hope for the best. You don't. Okay, fair enough. Gotta hit that Propa Rogan combo Ro like in the movie Hangover Rogan. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. I still don't know what that is, what it's for, but it's, it's, he's got a podcast. He's the biggest podcast In The world. Joe Rogan. Oh, I got 'em smoked. You did that. Smoked. Smoked. Yeah. Anyways. How do you like being in a faction?


I think it's great. I think it, it benefits all of us. you know, we don't get lost. We can play off of each other. There's a lot of group dynamic, especially, you know, now there's, I feel like there's so many different characters and flavors where you got Carlito, JD r Damien Finn and myself. It's like everyone brings something different to the table and It's, let's be honest, Damien's dead. Wait. Oh, Whoa, where'd that come from? don Don't know. He You know. Hey, that's, I call it as I see it. Hey, that's my dog. My bad, my bad. That's just how I see it. I'm sorry. I'm, I didn't mean it like that. I, you Have, I'm like something to say. I Now. I. Just feel like you and you and r are.


Well stand on business. Logan. I mean, if you got, if you got something to say, say it. I was ez on my part. Ah, dam. No, no, just you're Gooning right now. Dam. Damien. Damien and I Got into a little bit Money in the bank. You know I see Is. It 'cause 'cause you splashed them in the ladder. You just bounced off of him. Well, it hurt so bad. I think it hurt him worse. But I, I hold grudges and I, and I am a hater. That's fair. I'm a hater and I'm proud. And don don't fuck with Amy and Priest. Dude. My, my, my fiance when I proposed to her made a priest joke and that's, it upset me. What was the joke? I said something like, do you wanna get married here in Lake Como?


And she's like, yeah, but it's gonna be expensive. I was like, damn, I gotta get more matches. Gotta hit up WWE. She's like, yeah, you gotta be priest and no iTalk. I didn't mean that. I didn't mean that. But do admit JD is kind of dead weight Whoa. No, no. I'm fucking with you man. Carlito though. Is Logan. Stand on bitch. Are you Actually, I actually love Carlito. So are you doing this to like try to get in the judgment? Are you trying to like cut one of them out so you can get in or what's I just, I wasn't, I didn't like what you guys did to our truth. What did we do to our truth? Didn't Let 'em in the group. Kind of like a you're not invited to the party. I mean, we, we kind of let him in, but then he kind of just, you know, the bed. Yeah. A little bit.


So he kind of, it So you're, you're, so you're telling me you feel like in the judgment day you were all equally pulling your weight? I mean, I, I wanna say so. Yeah. Don't, don't give me that look. Don't look at me like that because You know it's, it's 99.9% accurate. There's always that point. One's Still a chance. Would You let Logan in if he was, if he was serious about it? Of course Dom, I want to get active next year. I told triple HI want to get active. Let's get active. I want to be the workhorse. And so I'm kind of looking at the playing field and seeing what my options are and like, don don't know.


I feel like you are the star of the group. You know, again, I call it as I see it, and I know me and you as some sort of team, maybe some sort of Tag partner. We could, we could really take over this industry. But I don't know about the other guys. I mean, here, here's the thing, all right that they're the judgment day. They're, they're always gonna be my family. I can't just You know. I can't just be like my dad and just disappear. You know. I can't just, I gotta, I gotta be there. I gotta be there for them. I gotta, I gotta keep pop outta someone back there. You get one outta Dylan. I, every once in a while he's just, But you know, I, I gotta be there for them.


Right? But no matter what, I mean gold is gold. You know championships are championships. They did Ria let me You know, step away for a little bit to go handle my business at WrestleMania with Santos and stuff. So I'm sure if We can work something out there, there shouldn't be any You know situations. If, if I, you know, take a little leave of absence and just go hang out with you for a little bit, brother, I, I don't think there would be a more dominant duo in the WWE e than you and I, dude, I, I'm just gonna say it. I Agree. I'm just gonna Say it. I agree. I think if we, 'cause I think they'll let you do the talking, right? I could probably, I could probably get some words out.


You Could probably get some words out. And then once, once that dynamic starts to go in there, once we're in the ring, you have a, you have a sneaky little dynamic in the ring too. So it's like, I feel like we could just make some things work here, Bro. Come on. I'm always thinking. And also You know, this is WWE E Bro. You ain't cheating, you ain't trying Triple H Something to think about For Sure right here. Ponder it. They, they've even got a name for US, ON Twitter, bro. Do they? America's Most Wanted Two of America's Most Wanted. Hmm. Like Tupac and Snoop, Something like that. He doesn't even know that song. And also, I'll tell you this, Tell Me he's not a great team player. I'll just say it right now. I'll say it flat out. Yeah. Is that so? Yeah. You wanna know what he told me when I first met him about 12, 15 years ago at this point, he said, I wanna be the greatest entertainer on the planet.


He didn't say, I wanna be a part of a team. A duo with one bastard child. Whoa. Well, I Don know I don a sister. I feel like that's the right term. Is it not, What's the, I don't know what bastard means. It doesn't mean you're Dead's dead is dead or lefty. Define Bastard. Gone like a deadbeat. Define bastard. An unpleasant or despicable person. No, I want her. She wasn't gonna read it. No, that's no Bro. Siri's trash dude. Dude. That's Oh, oh. Bored of an illegitimate father. Ooh. I don't, I think it Applies because the whole Eddie thing, We don't know. Maybe I just wanna be right.


Allegedly Bastard child. Alleged Alleged Alleged Bastard Child. Yeah. Something like that. Exactly. Do you, do you think he wants to You know? So be a teammate. Here's the thing about I'm teammates with this guy. Here's the thing about Logan or what I, what I just picked up off of what you said. You said he wanted to be the greatest entertainer. Right? So I feel like if we did this whole team situation and it becomes what we imagine it can be, right? It's no longer just the both of us. It's a whole thing. So we become one. So would it, it would take away his selfishness or at least I'd hope don don't know.


I'm also having a daughter, Dom. Ooh, congratulations. Thank. you. I'm not gonna be able to be selfish soon, very soon. Within two months. Dude. Are You Scared? Horrified, Dude, I'm, I'd be terrified. You're up next, dude. No, Yeah. I mean, I have a girl. Dog. Yeah, but a girl comma dog or a girl? Dog. Like A girl. Dog like Callie. She's a girl. It counts. But I saw you just got married and You know the next step. Thank you Also congrats. Yeah, but I mean, kids on the horizon. We, I feel like we've played it smart as far as like, You know how everything goes. We waited for her to finish school before we got married.


She was, before we even got engaged, I had to make sure that I was You know, signed, sealed and delivered with the new contract. Mm. Before I was like, 'cause we didn't know if this was gonna work out. Mm. And I wasn't signed. It was kind of just like a You know, based off of dates here and there. Yeah. But we wanna be smart about it. So we want to be married for at least a year. See how it goes. And then maybe there, we'll start talking about kids. We're, I mean, I feel like we're still kind of young. We're both 27. So How does she feel about what you do? Woman's a saint man. Really? Shout out, shout out to Marie. Yeah. She's, she's honestly the best. We've been together since we were 14. Wow. Yeah. And we're, you know, 27 Now, I. Love those stories.


Yeah. She's, she's been with me through thick and thin man. And she's honestly, she's, she's the best. I I do what I do on tv. And last week, who was it when Ria licked my face, the first text I Got from her was, there's a tarantula in our garage. Gosh. Unrelated. No, no, Nothing. So she gets it. She gets the split. She, she understands the difference from like, when I'm on tv, I'm dirty Dom and I come home to her and I'm her husband. Dominic Clean. So there's, there's clean dom. Yeah. There's a, there's a huge difference as far as like when I come home too. So like, I just wanna rest. And she like, she does a good job of separating work and real life and stuff.


That's a ride or die. Because she's a lot of girls out there man. Especially, especially now. Especially Latina. Yeah. Especially now. And Latinas. Yeah. Especially now. Yeah. Wouldn't go for that. She's a Portuguese girl too. So Are they Dom? Like P territorial? Yes, I think so. They Make great rolls too. Like bread? Yeah. Yeah. They do. You said Portuguese, right? Yeah. Port. Yeah. That's, that's funny you say that her aunt makes like, she like hand makes her bread on. Its, it's in their way. It's delicious. It's part of their DNA. Does it have the little nubs on the end? Think so? Huh? Poncia. What? What did say, are you saying Poncia I. think he iss doing the mumbling thing Where one of us No mumbling Poncia. Poncia. Yeah.


The cheese bread. Cheesy bread. Cheese bread. Brazilian cheesy. Cheesy bread. Pania I, I get is, is he saying it right? I don know you're saying No, the Latinos are Now. I. Think I said Portuguese and said Brazil. I think I think he just had a stroke. They Speak Portuguese in Brazil. I have to follow Portuguese. Poncia. No Queso. So that you're saying queso? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh. Oh, that's What You're doing. I pan. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Gotcha. I'm Whitewashed A hundred percent. Dude. I Tried. This is crazy. I bet you it's great. Whatever you're saying. Yeah, it sounds cheese and bread. It's Really good. But can be damaging in copious Amounts. Oh, oh, queso.


Queso. Yes. Bread and cheese. Yes. What can you say how you said it one more time? Pania. Yes. Promise. No one, even now one who speaks Spanish was even able to make the connection. It was so far off. It's, no, it's bread is pon and is E and queso is cheese. There's no question about it. Queso. I think you added like a J in there. P the Cazo. Oh, P the Cazo. Oh, now he's, oh shit. So now he's talking about he was speaking Portuguese. 'cause it's a Brazilian dish. He actually, he could be right. I am right. We could, we could be small. He could be smoked. Let me see it. So what is this? I'm I'm gonna, I'm gonna have him speak it.


It, it's probably the same thing but just in Portuguese or Portuguese Fu Nah, I'll give it to him. I'm not even gonna argue that there was like a tiny like Yeah, I'll give, I'll give that to you. What, what does an apo, what does an apology look like in 2024? You just, I'll tell you, I'm not you, I'm not sitting this point brother. Yeah. So I still don't understand though. Because if I saw like my partner like doing the things that you're doing on TV and then like I just wouldn't be able to separate it. Andra r said the same thing when she came home. Oh Yeah. Or when, when she went home last night.


She came, it's been A long day when she came on our show last night. It's Been a long day When she came on our show, she's like, yeah, my husband buddy, he gets it. He understands The world and she's like, it takes a special type of person. 'cause she's even admitted that she would get jealous. Yeah. If she saw him Do that. But I think there's a difference too because I'm pretty like, he's in the business. He's a wrestler. Okay. Fair. Okay, fair. She's my wife's never been in the business. Never heard of it. Never. Does your wife been in it? Does your wife Fuck with Ria? What do you mean? Does she like her? Do they Get along? Yeah, I think they, they've only met Soria came to the wedding and it was great. We all had a good time. And then the first time she met her was actually at WrestleMania last two years ago in la Were You nervous for that interaction?


No. I was kind of curious. Like how would Yeah. Like You know because it's like your side Chick meets a main chick. Well it's like you got your work wife meeting, like your wife, wife You know. And it's like, you don't know, like you're just, you wanna know what's gonna happen. Right. So It's kinda So much could be affected. Yeah. So much is riding on it. It's crazy. Your money, your home. Well even Cali's the care of Cali Dude ca you met, you bring Cali up into the, it just changes the whole dynamic of the situation. Right? Right. So like it's, it has to work out here. If you had to choose in some weird world, you had to like choose between the two. Right?


I actually, I'm gonna change the question. Who would you choose? Who would I choose Between who? Yeah, Between your wife and your work wife. My Wife. Okay. Okay. What, I just wanted to hear you say it. I Thought you were gonna ask like between Ally Tali and my wife was gonna, but I changed it 'cause I saw a saucy clip and it just didn't, it didn't pa it didn't queso. It didn't pawn out. It didn't pawn out. I mean, if you want the click bait. Yeah. The work wife Whoa ai. Spin it up baby. Taking away. Damn. Maria pissed. Let internet do your job. Do Your thing dude. Yeah. Just crazy man. It's crazy to see.


'cause 'cause R'S definitely don don't know bro. don don't know. Even the way I see L interacting with you sometimes. Yeah. That's just a whole nother situation. That's just like a whole nother What is it can of worms. Yeah. Yes it is. Right? You are in a love triangle brother. Yeah. It's it's good to be me. It's one. It's one. Yo It's not even a you're in a love square. Is it square because You got that wife as Well. Oh, you're, You're very right. You know what's cra a real crazy part of it is you've all, you've been like written in to being a ladies' man. Yeah. Right. Like, like in in, in essence like Fictionally, you're a ladies' man.


Right? Like you could pull, right? Yeah. But since you started dating your current wife only a few years after your custody battle between any car, Your dad, Which is just insane to date someone for. That's incredible. You don't really know what your sneeze is like on the streets. you know what I'm saying? You don't know if that translates. I know you're condition your hair every day, right? Your knees great shape taller than your pops. But what do we You know? What do You got game? I mean, I, I don't, I don't know. I like to think so. I don't really try my game if that makes sense. I'm not really really out There like do you game up your wife still?


Yes. Okay. Yeah. You riz up your Wife Riz up my wife a little time. You still do? Yeah. for Sure. Just how often Do you tell her? Her? She's pretty Every night before we go to bed. That's great. That's so do you Prefer her with her without makeup? Don't lie. Without, yeah. I'm Oh man. When you can find a girl that's beautiful without makeup. Mm. Yeah And she's tall too. She's like as tall as me. Oh, you guys are gonna have some great kin. Yeah, I hope so. We're have some giants because my dad ain't it You know. No, This is gonna be all just towering over grandpa. Yeah. If they meet him, he's around. And Abby. And Abby too. Abby was Four Foot. What'd you say she Was? Who's Abby? Your grandma. Oh, Abita. Yeah. Abita. Oh okay, okay. I. Got. I'm catching up. Sorry.


She's like four 10 maybe. Four nine. That's so small. Yeah, she's tiny. You're On raw, correct? Correct. Yep. It's one of the best storylines on Raw at the moment. You excited for the Netflix Pivot? Yeah. It's a big platform. Don. Yeah. I'm curious to see how it's, how things are gonna change You know things current. Like, it's weird to say 'cause I've been around for so long. So like I've seen the changes since I was like eight years old from being backstage to the Pandemic or even pre Pandemic. 'cause I was doing stuff, I was getting beat up by Brock Lesner before that. So all that stuff and then pandemic and then being in the business to just wrestling and then seeing how it's all just kind of shifted and transformed.


It's, it's kind of wild to see You know. So I'm just, I'm kind of just excited to be a part of it. It's just such a big platform. You know, I think if, I think if the wrestlers leverage their skillset the right way, it can like really just set them up for life. What do you mean by that? I, with Netflix, I believe the viewership of Monday Night Raw was skyrocket. Yeah. At least it should. It will be incredible for WWE e and just the wrestling industry in general. There will be select people who are so good at their craft, whether it's on the mic or wrestling in general. Just in matches where spinoffs a casual, Like the good spinoffs?


No, well potentially, potentially spinoff shows, whatever. But a casual viewer might latch onto this person because they don't watch television, but they do watch streaming platforms and so I think it's an opportunity for every single person in the WWE to leverage the viewership of Netflix to build their own personal brands and businesses outside of the WWE. Yeah. In the same way that I look at YouTube. Yeah. You know, stepping stone isn't the right word, but it's definitely a platform to like amplify my message and promote stuff outside of YouTube. It's also, it also feels like potentially like a little bit of a ground leveling because when you bring all of these people where one is You know, specifically popular on the current platform all to a brand potentially really new or or diverse new audience, new stars are gonna rise outta that.


Yeah. Because they're gonna be celebrated in different ways and they're gonna see spikes in viewership when X, Y, and Z goes on. Versus what would've happened on You know television. I think it's gonna be an opportunity for a lot of new people to rise. Yeah, that's very true. I never thought about it that way. For me it's kind of just like, what Happened to your voice? Well what do you mean? Something definitely Happened though. It was like, you ever see Peewee Herman as a kid? No. Who's Peewee? Herman. See, See Just we're back. Oh, that shit was crazy. It's fine. Go. This is serious Top. Go ahead. What were you saying? Could Be anything. Peewee Herman. Yeah. Nah, I wasn't, it wasn't. You were Herman, you see? And you never thought about it that way? Oh yeah. Yeah. 'cause I mean to me I just, you know, as far I just wanna wrestle. Yeah. you know, I just wanna go out there and put on the best performances as possible.


But You know on the business side of it, which I feel like a lot of it, it's newer for, for us wrestlers to like kind of do it that way. 'cause like, like I said, I feel like we just kind of want to go out there and wrestle and perform and give the best to the fans. You know, so this is, bringing it to Netflix is gonna whole new set of eyes, different crowd. You can get new people involved and it's just, it's, it's gonna be, I wanna see what boundaries We can push with it. for Sure. You think we'll be able to be edgier or not as edgy? I think, I think people are gonna expect us to go in there and just first episode of raw Netflix. I think people are gonna expect You know fricking blood and tables titties everywhere.


Titties, titties, titties. Yeah. You know like Edge and Lita where they had the live sex show. Like I'm sure people are gonna expect things like that, but I feel like in order for stuff like that to be special and meaningful, you can't have it all the time. Yeah. It's gotta come, you know, like an RKO outta nowhere. Right. And it's like you don't expect it and then it's like boom, titty, You know. Yeah. Yeah. a hundred percent one. Yeah. Just one's crazy. Something. But so, but it sounds like by the way, you're going from a titties perspective that you think it is gonna edge up a little bit. Mm. Versus edge down. Don don't know if it's necessarily gonna edge up. I think it'll take time to edge up. I think it's gonna, I think we're gonna gradually stay the same and then just like I said, slowly start just testing our boundaries.


Got it. And our limits. See, I hope We can get back to the edge days, the custody battle days. Like let's be honest bro, that was fucked up. Yeah, that was crazy. That was crazy. Did You hear what they originally wanted to do with me? Tell me Bruce. Bruce told me, I forgot. Tell Me. Yeah, they wanted to hang me from a cage. Yeah. That was, they not even from A cage, they wanted to just Actually hang me like, like on a, on a waist thing and just like have me dangle there and have them Like the money in the bank. Briefcases. Yeah. But a kid, me, See we can go back to that. I think. Are you, have you been noticed in the pendulum swinging to like where that type of shit is? Like don don't think you can ever hang a kid on tv ever. I mean, might not be allowed. you Know, I mean, don don't know. They hung, they, they hung Kevin Owens in a, in a shark cage.


Yeah. Above the, the ring. So, right. I don't know. Maybe they can, I I think cable television is far more strict in terms of guidelines of what you can and can't do because of the sponsorships. And the commercials. So how are the sponsorships gonna be different once we get to Netflix? Netflix is Snap sponsors. Oh, Just cash. The subscribers brother. They can Straight bread. They can technically let us do whatever we want. Wait, wasn't that the channel that that show? Wasn't that the channel that show was on with the, the, that we watched Saltburn Was that Netflix? Saltburn is Amazon Prime. Oh, but the same but same. No, Same, same. They can go this, they, they don't have to answer to sponsors, but I remember that's always, that's always the The block Yeah. Is bro, you're pissing off the network. 'cause the network needs money from sponsors.


If you have subscribers you can have freedom to do and say kind of whatever you want as long as the streamer's cool with It. Like that bathtub scene in Salt per stop. Stop. No problem. It's fine. It's no problem. Salt. It's bathtub. No, don't worry about, it's crazy, bro. It's fine. I've never seen it, seen anything like it, bro. But just imagine. So This scene presented by SeatGeek, like that's not gonna happen, bro. It's gotta be on a streamer. But you, I think you guys are gonna be able to take some real risks out there. I think so too. It just depends on what risks, The right risk, calculated risks. Yeah. Those are the best kind anyways. Netflix, I can't wait. Should be you gonna stick around for it. Well, that's what I want. I'm saying I wanna get active. I really want get active.


'cause I do think of everything I do in terms of amplification in business. The three pillars of things that I love in my life are entertainment, business and content creation. I love those three things. Entertainment, Business, content creation. But not, but not the wife. Damn. I meant Or your daughter On career. Career. In terms of my career. I was talking about my career. In terms of my career. You just said life. I'm sorry. Sorry. I did say what I said I was, that was misinformation. That was, I do So many community notes. This episode, Yo Community notes is crazy. It's on there forever now. Oopsie. Oops. Oopsie, Oopsie, Oopsie.


Yeah. I did make a oopsie. 'cause I do love my wife, fiance wife. I call her my wife and she goes, I'm not your wife. I'm like, what a fucking whatever. Nope. don don't need a document to tell me. You're my wife. You're my fucking wife. Yeah, I feel that. Oh, Come on. Marriage is a societal construct. You're my wife. I You know. It's out of courtesy for the, the women. I feel like they just wanna do. Oh, oh, we're getting married. We're doing it. Yeah, we're, it's it will be grand. It'll be grand. Dude, I just got the budget. Where's my call? I just got a budget today, dude. For our, for our, for our wedding. I just, I haven't even, I, Hey, I haven't even, I haven't even seen it yet. Look at it right now. She didn't say, he didn't Say anything. He just shook his head and went. Who gave it To Who's, who's giving it to what?


I'll read it. I'll read it right now. Who Gave it to, who gave you the budget? Like who, who planned out? We went to Italy in Lake cu scouted wedding venues. Michael was there. He saw it and they sent us the budget today. Nina looked at it. She said, don't look at it. Let me look at it. Let me read it to you. Okay. I'm nervous. Sample budget. Okay. Buyout. It's a buyout. Have you not seen this yet? No. Oh my God. I've never seen this many lines on an Excel document in my life. I'm five scrolls deep. Oh. Oh my god. Nope. No fucking way. You are not an oil guru or an Indian business owner.


Telecoms owner, bro. You have A email as well? Do you, are you seeing this number? Are you seeing the last one? Yeah. Its in euros. In euros. Oh, it's, it's more way more, more expensive. Way more. Do you want me to tell you what it is? No, no. Let Me read it. Do you wanna guess what it's No, no, no, no. I want you to guess. I like guessing no more. Whore. Hey, congratulations on a beautiful wedding. It better be fucking beautiful for plus zeroes. Oh no It's not. Plus you're saying it wrong, Michael. It's Dramatically more than that. Dramatically more Than that. You're killing me, Mike. That's over my budget. Well, you gotta start coughing him back. The brunch is 132,000 euros for brunch.


What are they fucking serving? The brunch was supposed to be a bonus too on the day after the wedding. Hey, Good for you, dude. I, I can't afford that. Well, no, that's, you're, that's financially irresponsible. Unless You gotta sell a Pokemon card. I have to move my Pikachu illustrator. Damn. Holy shit. I, Got, I Got. Really gotta think about how I'm gonna do this. I need more matches. And that's why I wanna get more active because get active. It's like I said, I love three things, four things. My fiance, entertainment business and content creation. Why is there a line for boat transportation? Who's going there in a boat?


Everybody. You Need it. It's like Como. It's like Como Couldn't do Choppers, I, Got. I have to reconsider this entire thing. The Wedding website is $24,000. Get this away from what Wedding website. Yo, I told 'em my budget was this to come back with this shit. To come back with this shit. I just love seeing everyone's reaction to it. I don't want to make this about me. Nina. Nina's Gonna hate all of this. She's gonna be like, it's not even that much. You are the guest Dom. No, this is great. Fuck. That was my dream. Wedding Superlative time. Favorite heel of all time. Favorite Heel of all time. Yep. Shawn Michaels. Ooh, That's a good One. Yeah. Mm. I think just the way he carried himself.


Just You know The real heartbreak kid. Just the shit he was saying back in the day. You know he'd get away with it when the whole stuff with Monica Lewinski came out. He was like, You know I did not have sexual relations or whatever. He was like, I was up all night with her. Just Oh, God You know things like that. I feel like just You know. He was just so out of pocket. And You know Triple H too, you know? They were just both of them Together. He was, he was. The fact that he's our boss is crazy. It's fucking fantastic. I wish I could see that edge every now and then. I Mean, he's so, he's kind of buttoned up Now. He now sweet. The word now. Sweet. He's very nice. Sweet. Yeah. He's sweet.


I don. I don't see, I don't see Triple H come out. I see Paul Paul, my boss. Paul. Paul. Paul Leve. Every now and then. He'll, he'll kind of You know. Give me a little, little old school. Triple H and Oh, you know what I Yeah, you right. Just every, He won't, he won't do it often, but every now and then he'll like subtly throw it in there. Yeah. And it's like a little You know, I wanna hang out with that guy. Yeah. Like, oh, alright, cool. Yeah. Yeah. He's in there. Best faction of all time Judgment day. Okay. We could play that game. Second best faction of all time. I mean, there is no game here, but second best faction, man, that's hard.


I'll, I'll, yeah, I was gonna say dx, but You know, I feel like NWO Really? Yeah. for Sure. Revolutionized the way, everything just kind of just sports entertainment in itself. You know. The NWO just changed the whole game of it for Sure favorite cereal. Reese's Puffs. Solid. Oh yeah. We don't hear that one much solid. Because this is always a superlative question. Yeah. Really? Yeah, we do. That's always in our, in our rapid fires. Well, what's people's go-to? Well, there's, everybody has different Go-tos. We are, we are col collectively only willing to accept one answer, Which is Cinnamon Toast Crunch. I'm not a big cinnamon guy. That's fair. Is that Is you? Do you like Cinon Toast Crunch?


You like the And Toast Scrunch. You do. So I, I just didn't know if it was maybe a Latino or, I like cinnamon in my orta and that's about it. Got it. Do you like Tahe? I love Tahe. So good. Kevin. To Tahe on watermelon, bro. O pineapple. Come on. Favorite wellness activity? Just like favorite workout? No. No. Well, I, no exercise would technically count. I mean like, do you do anything? Do you do a, when's the last time you did a Sound Bowl session? What The fuck's a sound bowl? Exactly. Yeah. Something to think about. So is that something I need to, is that like, do you make everyone here? Do you?


Well, I can't make anyone do anything. I'm just a That's Fair. Crackhead. Do you, do you suggest, is that why you're suggesting this bowl thing? Exactly. Because I could stuff a crack. Exactly. Good. Smart. It's nice, dude. Ensemble, ice bass, sauna. I like a good sauna. Yeah. Yeah. You Just said what? I said dude, Well you gave me an option. And I chose You know. I was like That's fair. That's Fair. Watch a dream vacation locale. Dream vacation. Dude. I don't know. I've, I've been very blessed to go travel The world with this job. You know. I just came back from Japan last week. Great place. Must too. Nice. It was really nice. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Sure you guys had fun. We had a Blast.


Yeah. We've been hoping to go there. I for some reason you haven't been in Japan. Well, You've never been. There's a great I have prior Obligations. No, you gotta go dude. I have, Well, this last time I had prior. No, no, no. He's been really busy. He has been busy. He just hasn't had time to go. Go there. Can you go Bro, Dom, what do you think? This? Yes. I can go to Japan. Okay. I'm just making sure. No, I can go to Japan. I didn't know if you were like You know Shadow band or something, Bro. Yeah. excom. How? Oh no, I'm not. Excuse dude. I Didn't know if you were put on a list or something. Like, Dude, he is. Somebody told me one time he has to talk directly to the Emperor. I'm not even kidding. No, I, I WWE can pull some strings for you.


a hundred Percent. a hundred percent. I've never said said this before, but my rule was if I went back, I'd like to be invited back and I haven't gotten the invite yet. Who are you trying to get invited by? Probably my best bet is the WWE. You know. I Mean, I'd be a real heel there. I mean, We get invite. Oh yeah, you would dude. Especially if you show up with the You. know the hat Bro. Stop. Dumb, stop. That was too far. That was actually too Far, bro. Oh, I'm just as a heel. you know. That was too far, bro. As a heel. But anyways, insane. Back to the insane, back to the topic at hand. Yeah. Japan was great. It's fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody loves that. I still haven't been, not to get back into it. You Haven't, you've never Been. I haven't been not.


What are we Doing? What are we Doing? Not going here. No, no, no. It really is this, the joke part is over. It's, I love, I Love Japan. I know. ILI actually love Japan and Tokyo is like a giant arcade game. It is the cleanest, one of the most beautiful cities in The world. And my favorite city in The world. It was really nice. Nice. And I fucked it all up. And I hate that. Did you go to Osaka or just Tokyo? I didn't go to Osaka. Osaka was very nice too. Do Do you explore when you travel around The world to these places? Like, so do you take time to go out and see Stuff? So it, it depends. Usually we don't really have time. Like we had, we had time in Osaka and in Tokyo. 'cause we had, we got there on a Wednesday and the show wasn't until Thursday in Osaka. Mm. And then we didn't leave until Friday morning.


And then that's Still so short. Yeah. But like for us, that's so much time. Really. You're usually in And out. Yeah. Like when we do shows in, in like the UK or whatever, like we'll if we, if the first show's in London, we'll get to, we'll we'll fly into London, we'll get breakfast, go straight to the arena, wrestle, finish wrestling, jump on the bus, we're off to the next city. Manchester, whatever. Yeah. Whatever's closest or Whatever. And Liverpool. So it's like we don't really have time to go out and explore. So like with this, we had over, we finished the show Friday night in Tokyo. We had all a Friday night and we didn't have to be on the bus until like 3 45 the next day. So we had all that morning too. So like for us, that's so much time to like explore and Yeah. Have fun and eat and stuff.


Yeah. But you wanna go back 'cause you gotta do Kyoto too, right? Yeah. Was supposed to be awesome. I'd love to go back 'cause we had like three days and like I explored for a couple hours and like, dude, it was such a Blast. My thing's nor Northern Europe. So anytime I go to London for any reason to do stuff, I'll always take it one more flight from there before I go back home. Interesting. So I did, I do like Brussels in Have you ever been to Belgium before, Don? Don't think so. That's great. Actually, I might, might've. We did a tour over there. Waffles. The waffles and fruits the fries and they put this, this beautiful sauce on it. How Are the Waffles over there? Incredible. Oh. God, there's two different types. There's brussel, there's Brussels style and leash style.


What's the Difference? The thickness of it. Brussels style, forgive me if it's not bro. I believe it's brussel styles. Is is like a thinner one that you might get be used to like the Ihop Like Legos, like Lego legos. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yes. Very similar to that. Okay. That's built off that. And then a, a lee style is like super the big thick fuck the golfers. No, but it's, it's, it's the same qui rectangle one, but it's very thick. Interesting. And it's like dark, A darker brown. But Which one did you prefer? The Brussels? The normal one. The normal one, yeah. With like some chocolate drizzle on it and some cream. But Belgium's got a bunch of spots. There's a, there's a a, a medieval place there called Bruge, which is one of the last remaining like true medieval cities in, in Europe. Which is an incredible place.


And then there's a, yeah, I, I I love, I love Pop into a spot. Get out after. You should tell WWE next time You know I'm gonna take a date for myself and just hit something else. Yeah. Unfortunately with Raw we can't really do that. Oh yeah, that's right. Because we, we do like Saturdays and then we take that Sunday to fly to then get to raw. But if I'm ever on SmackDown, I, I definitely might take up on that. Raw is an hour longer than SmackDown too, which is crazy. The output of WWE is nuts. Mind blowing. Yeah. Yeah. Two shows a week and then you add the Les and then you're back to work two days later. It's, it's Insane not to, not to forget the You know live events we do on the weekends too. Oh my gosh, Man. So that's why when you say you want to get active, do you just mean like Les and TVs or do you mean like, I wanna do live events.


Live events too. I wanna Do live events. Which See that's a whole different, like See now you're gonna be potentially sending out a video on the third birthday if they treat you. I know. That's what I, it sucks because like I have my Them now. Yeah. Come on. No, just back them up. Yeah. Happy first birthday. Happy second birthday. Happy third. You, You gotta do, you gotta do the third birthday at least. 'cause You know you probably won't be there. I'll Be there. I'll be there. I I will, I I'll be there for the important moments. Don't be like my dad. No, I Won't. I won't. I would never. So, so, so will you take this opportunity to explore the great city of Cleveland? I would love to explore the great city of Cleveland. Yeah. What's any recommendations? We have packed Catan, which is pretty cool. What's that? It's a craft awesome craft store. Big though.


Interesting. Like art, like, like DIY stuff. Like do it yourself. Yep. Yep. Yeah. It's a chain Like Michael's. Yeah, exactly. Like Michael's. But it's bad dance. don don't even know if it's still in business. Man. Cracker Park is good. It's like a outdoor outlet mall. Wait, there's a casino, right? Yeah. Brand news And Gamble here. Yes. Yes. And, and weed is recreational. Just not that you would ever, because of course the strict drug test we have in the WWE, but That what is, what is weed. Exactly. That's What I'm saying. But, but there's no drug testing for gambling. Do you partake? I do not partake in gambling, but on the rarest of occasion I'll You know. I'll go and spend some money on it.


Go have Some fun. What, what game would you play hypothetically? Hypothetically? If I had to pick one, probably like blackjack. Oh, That's a good one. Yeah. Way to go. I'm a blackjack kind of guy. You ever been to Tijuana? I You know I have a lot of family in Tijuana and I've spent a lot of time down there. So yeah. I have been to Tijuana, Hong Kong. I like the Chinese food. Sure. Yep. The Chinese food. Yeah. Thanks for coming on the Show today. Today. Yeah. We love you Don. Thanks for having me dude. Yeah. What are you doing to right? Is this thisSo? Let's just cut around that. You blew. You blew It blew. I blew it. Nice. That's how you become a heel.


That's a heel right there. Let's go. Can't can't let him hit it. That totally blew it. Yeah. Don, this has been great man. Thank, you appreciate it. Thank. you having Dominic Mysterio ladies and gentlemen. Yes. Best of luck at Summer Slam. No, best of luck to you. Thank, you brother Thank you big match United States title. Third time for Yep. That retention. And we'll see you next time. Bye.


Tired of endless swiping with little to show for it. Me too. Tofi is America's number one matchmaking service. They're six and a half times more efficient in finding real relationships than dating apps. tofi can match you in as little as three introductions compared to dating apps where people spend 40 plus hours swiping 1500 times for one date. Let Tify be your executive assistant for your dating life. Confidential, safe, and stress free. Visit T-W-K-I-F y.com and stop swiping, wishing or waiting. Start your journey today.