
When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Evan Kin Road is back. D Mom, I'll be vulnerable. I'll be real right now. I'm at a reset. I have a job now. Nine to five. Oh My God. If the real aliens welcome to our world. Look how beautiful it is. Look how we treat our CEOs that we have disagreements with Your show. People come in my like, You Fell Off. That doesn't hurt me. 'cause I've never thought I was out of place to fall off. You do this thing, you'll talk a lot, but then you don't listen. Yeah. Because nobody else has anything good to say. You would've had a hard time at that Thanksgiving. It was the first time we really got together and I realized how up we are. I was gonna ask, at what point are You legally a dwarfed? Yes. Because it's not a Legal thing. I'm not gonna go to jail for dwarf fraud.


Just talk to us out now. Penny. Who? I'm on the bed. She just never woke up. You know who that is, bro? Who is sitting across from us right now? Oh, It's E Ex. The legend. Legend. Legend. Legend in in the flesh. Ladies in general. Oh, I Got an intro. Evan Kin Road. AKA dwarf. Mamba is Back. D moms. Moms, yes. Wow. Brother. Go. Oh my gosh. One of my best friends. One of my longest friends. Ditto. What do you mean by longest?


I, I wish I would've said that differently. I I Your longest Friends. I'm, I'm so sorry. I mean like, we've been friends for the longest amount of time. First all didn't even think of it, but Thank you for as soon as I said it. I went May, let's specify. I thought you might have meant length of, but Now I know going back, beginning of the episode that you didn't, that you don't know how long he is. No, no, no, no. I know Evan got a rod for Sure. I know he got a rod. Massive Evan Kinero. Yo, do you guys know that? How they say that the earth is run by straight white men? Okay. Well, what I've realized, maybe the earth is, but the skies, the skies are run by the gaze.


Every time I get on a plane, the flight attendant is a nice gay man. And guess what? Why didn't, where you going with this? They don't like me very much. I get the worst survey, bro. I swear to God. Last night, dude, the lady ahead of me, they had already brought her dessert out and they were clapping, singing happy birthday to her. And I never even got my dinner. Whoa. Because I think, 'cause I'm like a, I'm like a bro looking fucking beard. So I've been thinking to myself lately, I'm like, how do I change this dynamic? I'll tell you how you be extra kind because you're probably an asshole. No, I'm not. I'm not an asshole. At what point have you ever known me to not be, to be an asshole or to not be like o overly nice to people?


The issue is what I'm, what do you mean, bro? What do you mean? Dude, I was just telling Evan this yesterday. You can attest. You do this thing that might not like be overtly hoish, but you do this thing where, where you, you'll talk a lot and I love listening to you talk. You'll talk at people. Right? And and most of 'em are listening 'cause you're like, he's doing, you doing Now I doing doing I'm doing. You'll talk at people and everyone's so captivated and like you're magnetic with your words. You're charismatic, you're Mike, big Mike. But then you don't listen. You'll talk at people. And then when someone else has turned to talk, you go on your phone. Yeah. Because nobody else says anything good to say. It's just all bullshit, Bro. I Got a girl you could talk to Flight, attend and say something funny.


No. If you wanna Talk to you back, you can just go, no. Yeah. And then they're like, alright, fuck this. Fuck this guy. He is. You're not conversing with me fucking at me. Yeah. I'm here for His pleasure. What I've figured out about it is I need to compliment them that that is the route to success. So on the next, either that or someone told me that I could pr I could pretend to potentially be gay for the flight, but I don't think I could pull that off. Doug. Doug, Have you not fucking learned from this exact pott? No. You can't do mail only March. I'm a exc crackhead. I can do anything I want, bro. Bro. Okay. You can't, by the way, that guy tweeted about us recently.


It was very nice. It was a, it was a nice tweet. It was very nice. It was a nice tweet, bro. I'm an ally. Yeah. Don't look was good. I'm trying to be one, but I just, I I I feel like we have a little bit of a barrier and I, I I am like, almost like they considered me too me to be too aggressively straight An asshole. Yeah. That's what I said. Yo. Yo, this is your episode. This is your episode Evan. This is Going in circles there. How, how, how an asshole Circle circle jerk back to We're back. We're back. We're back. Circle jerking our boys. Hey buddy. What up? How the fuck are you dude? I'm good. I'm doing good. Definitely. I'll be vulnerable. I'll be real right now. I'm at a reset at a point in my life right now.


Mm. A what a, A reset. No, that makes sense. For Sure. Not a, not a midlife crisis. A reset. Yep. Trying to figure things out. As you guys remember from my last episode, I go, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing with my life and I walk out. That was true. I did not know what the fuck I was doing with my life. Social media was fun. It was dope. I had a good time, good experiences. Did a lot of things that the majority of the people living on earth say they can't. They have it done, which is cool. But it was something that I definitely wasn't loving anymore. It wasn't fun. It was people starting to get hateful too.


Like more hateful as well. And also the whole dwarf niche thing. It comes to an end, right? Like we get it like, Like playing into it. Yeah. Like we get it. You're a dwarf. And I didn't practice enough like trying to do my other skills type of skills and comedy wise, whether that's standup or just being funny in person. So Wait, I called you dwarf mamba. Yeah. At, at the beginning of the podcast. Yeah. Are you trying to like, get away from that? A little bit. Okay. A little bit. But you can still, that's why I'll always be as, I mean internet wise, dwarf mamba, bro. 'cause bro, I'll never forget scrolling on Vine. I Got like 10,000 followers at the time, you know, the beginning of my like real internet career and just seeing dwarf mamba pop up and you had these just hilarious vines.


And so to me Yeah. You know, you're, you'll always, it's like Legend name. It's a legend name. Yeah. Like do mamba. You can't, it's hard to, I I can't just be like, fuck Do. But they're not calling you that at work in Maryland? No, no. Let me get into that. I have a job now. Yep. Nine to five, which I don't hate. I really don't. People probably like, ha you work a job now? No, I like the authoritative schedule. I need that in my life. I need that authoritative drive. Yep. Because I don't, I don't have drive. I don not have self-drive. Hopefully I get it one day. I don't know. I don I don't know why I keep looking at that camera, by the way. Well, That's where the people are mean. That's you looking at the audience. I Like that. I like talking to them too. Good. Anyways.


Because I want someone, and hopefully they can relate to that. They will. I'm telling you. They'll, you know, but yeah. So like I said, I need that like, authoritative schedule. I might not like the job that I'm at right now, but I need that drive. Like I said, I don't have it. Hopefully I will get it. Maybe this is, like I said, this is the reset. I need to find that extra skill or, You know, that self skill to get me going into something else. Yeah. Well said. I, I, I think you even recognizing that is really powerful. Like, like I I've never heard you say that before until we were talking last night when you realize like, the value of a schedule for the type of person that you are. Yeah. Because I don't wanna say from my perspective, you don't like lack drive, but if You know that you don't have enough to like maybe, You know, go work on your own schedule.


Yeah. I could see how like a set schedule is is is really good for you. Yeah. Or literally someone to wake up being like, yo, this is what you're doing today. And you like and you like that. Yeah. And be Like, okay, I'll get it done. Like getting the work done. Like I'll get it done, Bro. Nine to five works really well for a lot of people. That's why so many people work nine to five. It's like, yeah. It, it, nine to five's been like villainized and made to look so like non pretty. Like you're working for the man. Guess what you get to do at five o'clock? Stop working. Yeah. Whatever you want. You Get to go and go home and do anything you want. Bro, this grind like, like mentality that's been created over the past 10 years.


Like take it from someone who, two people who have not stopped for the past eight years. And, and that may maybe you have as of like hella recently, but like that second to second workload that, that you, you wake up and the first thing you do is grab your phone, hit email, and you do not stop that shit. Calls, emails, filming, travel, flight, this, that, that until you go to sleep. And then you wake up the next day and do the same thing just to make a little bit more money or a lot more money than the person that's working nine to five. It doesn't work for everybody. It's, It can extremely Taxing. It can be taxing. Exhausting. Yeah. It's not so the thing, it's sustainable.


So that, and like, going back to why I quit social media, why it wasn't for me is also like, correct me if I'm wrong, you have to be a psycho. You have to be a little bit of, you have To fucking you a psycho. You have to have no emotions. Yep. You have to not give a fuck. You have to just do, do, do. And like, I don I'm too human. I'm too genuine. Evan. It's, it Might sound Arrogant. It's, I don't care. It's Gotten worse. Yeah. Way worse Way. Stop and like, yeah. And I'm like, dude, I can't do it. Like when I'm streaming now, like I'll always stream probably till I'm literally an adult. That's my favorite thing to do ever streaming. Hmm. Great way to connect with fans. I'm game with my fans. Great way to connect with one, like I said. But now there's fuckers coming in the chat now and they think it's funny.


It's called rage baiting or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And they'd be like, oh, put the fry. The, the whole talking down in nine to five, dude put, put the fries in the bags, bro. It's like, It's it Is it Shut up. Yeah. Like, well you, you're making fun of someone who is like, has a job at like, McDonald. I don not saying I have a job at McDonald's, but like a kid who's just trying to start their life. And now we're like making fun of that. We're making fun of 16, 17. Anybody with a job? We're making fun of that. Like, shut the fuck up. So people will comment, mean things to antagonize you. To get Yeah. You to React. Yeah. Like, I don't react, like I don't give that's, well, I feel like the reaction, but it's like I'm, am I annoyed at the end of the day? Yeah. But I've learned to like, not give a fuck.


Like I, my fucks now are zero. But there's younger generation needs to shut the fuck up about making fun of everyone for everything, for every little thing. What's the Difference between like, making fun of and like a good old fashioned roast? Because like, we'll sit here and roast the shit out of each other. It's our love Language. But if roast is different than making fun of roast is between your friends. Okay. Okay. Making fun is someone you don't know. Okay. Okay. Fair. But you can make a joke to me. But I know since we already build a relationship. Yep. I know you're coming from love. Okay. And it's a joke. Okay. I don't know who the fuck you are. Shut the fuck Up. You wanna know, You know what? I, You Know what I, the, the rage baiting is hitting now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're going Look at him. We got, we got, look how bad he is now. They're gonna double down on it.


Yeah. That they are now they're going get mad. But I don't, I don't give them that reaction in the chat unless if they make, they, if they like, because they would make like short jokes or something. And like, I'll clap back and like, it's annoying on TikTok because I'll clap back and like, someone will report me for bullying and harassing. Then my, I'll get why? I'll get banned. Oh my God. I'll go to TikTok. I like yo fucking, I bammy right now. Oh my God. I'm like, they're making fun of me. I'm saying shit back and I'm bammy. Right. Fuck. Now you gotta end this shit. I haven't been banned since. I said, since I said that I haven't been banned. I emailed TikTok like, yo, you gotta stop this shit. I'm like, I have trolls in my chat. I'm going to say shit back. And I, I'm not doing it in an angry way. I'm doing it in a comedic comedy way.


Like, I'll say some funny back


winter's Upon us, but the concerts are still hot. So it's time to see your favorite artist to go to the biggest events. That's why I gotta tell you about a special hookup from today's sponsor. You guessed it. SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. There are many artists touring right now, including Post Malone. Charlie X, CX, Kendrick, Billy Eilish. SeatGeek has got you covered for all of them. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. 'cause green means good. Red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. So no matter how many times you bought tickets, you used the SeatGeek before. Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. Take out your phone for me. Open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. Whatcha are you waiting for? Do it right now because his offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out to C Geek now. Back to the show.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When someone has a predisposition about like a little person or something, is there like a, is there like a name for it? Like dwarf fist? Like Is there, Is it, it's No, I've always wondered that it's gotta be something. Well, it's, I guess, yeah. Yeah. That Works. Because, because what you're, what you're what what you're, what you're describing is a prejudice against you. And, and, and that's what you're outlining in the email, which is there's, there's validity in that. The, the, the problem is, and we have mentioned this so many times, Evan, you're such like, there's the, you're the minority. You are like a super minority of the minorities.


Yeah. I'm like, You know what I'm saying? We're our own category. Yeah. It it, it It is what it is. That's how it is. Like, oh, we're literally our own. Yeah. Yeah. Category. No one speaks for us. We have no one who There's not a lot of representation. Yeah. From the outside. That's what it looks like. Yeah. And it's like all we're asking for is respect. Yeah. Like that's all. Yeah. Yeah. But you're not. Yeah. But you're, the, the issue is, dude is like your, your ch chance of getting it currently in this atmosphere is zero. Is zero. Zero. And, and the, and the reason why has absolutely nothing to do with you or your, or or your afflicted people.


It is because no one's getting it. There's, there's no more sensitive groups. Everyone's a sensitive group. They're coming after you. Yeah. Doesn't matter who you are. I'm from they'll, they will find your weakness. Heroin. I was a heroin addict. They will go at you. They will bury you under that. This, oh, your parents were divorced. Oh, you did this one slip up in the past. Every, every, the one way to make to to become a sensitive group now is to have made a mistake ever in your life. They will find it. They will pick at it. Mm. I think Yours is a little different though. I don't mean to cut you off is because you don't, they don't look at you and go, oh, that guy's a ex heroin addict. Correct. It's not. It's correct. They Look at me. Correct. I'm just fucking living dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they're going out their way.


For instance, great fucking example, great example. I texted you guys in the chat walking out of Best Buy, just minding my own business. 8:00 PM walking out no cars in the parking lot. I was literally the only fucking person in Best Buy. I'm walking out, one car is slowly driving by. I think it's a fan. My God. They're probably gonna say something. Guy pulls down the window. He just goes, how about you grow something, you, Oh my God. Where, where was that? Just Best Buy walking out of a fucking 8:00 PM Best Buy. No one's in the, literally no one's in the fucking parking lot. That's no one's in the Parking lot. I'm not going to get into two details.


But the person went outta their way and it was a group of 'em slow down and said, how about you grow some you To hur to hurl that at a stranger is wild Young people. That's what I'm getting at. At Young people. Young people. Yes. How old? 16 to 18. The hooligan stage. Yeah. I like that's It's a, that's a tough age, dude. Those those, no, I get it. I get it. I've never done it flu in with my friends growing up. I've never ever Gone outta my way to make fun of someone who's just in public never go, damn you fat as fuck.


Damn, you black as black as shit. Never. How About you get whiter? How about you get taller? Damn. I've Never done You feel like you're taking your opportunity Now. I Been with someone I was with. You wanna hit Us with a, My friends who did that be like, yo, shut the fuck up. Whatcha doing? Of course You have have a different perspective as well though. Like, like I, I would say because of who you are, you have an elevated perspective of what it means to be respectful and, and, and how it can feel to be at the opposite end of someone poking fun. So you do it less. I don't know if that's, I Don't know if that's true. He, so it says I'm gonna, he certainly Can fire off too. He can fire off with that. And the, and the person you can fire off. And the person who said that, Like, he actually fires off maybe more than anyone I know, to be honest.


Shit. You could, you could dish it out. I could say shit that the people, it'll have you thinking. No, but see, do You know what I'm saying? So it's, so this is what the fuck. Hold on, hold on. Let's slow. Let's pause for a sec. Slow down. So, so I guess this is, this is my question is like a couple things here. When Is it okay, when Is it not okay As a society? I don't mean just for one afflicted group. And then for me, like my biggest thing is you'll never be you, you, you, no one in this room, no one in this world will, will ever be able to control or manipulate the environment around them. Agreed. The only thing you'll ever be able to do is manipulate your reaction to it. That's it. That is the only, that is the only thing you're ever trying to do in life.


I remember for the first like three, four years all throughout dating Lana, I had this, my skin was still relatively thin. I would start stuff would get through, I I put out a great book. I put out a bunch of great shows. I made some money, made the parents proud, bought 'em a car, bought my own crib, got a good girl, whatever. All that shit, you could stand in my face for an hour and scream at me. Every hurtful insult in The world. And there, my, my blood pressure would not ri rise by a percentage point. I, I am, I am. When I, when you say zero fuck, I am unaffected, like literally unaffected by anything in The world around me. How did I get there? By creating at least some semblance of the me that I wanted to create.


And Now I'm able to stand on that shit. Mm. In the face of anything. Mm. There's literally no comment, no online thing. Your girl's a whole like, it do. It's, I just see garbage. I just see garbage. I see. Occasionally I'll say, oh, this is a sad human. Or Oh, this is a young kid. What Did you think when Duke, Dennis was risen up your girl, If you go and rewind the footage to three seconds after that clip ended, they look at me and they go, Thank you. That's gonna go so fucking viral. Really? And I go, bro, obviously dude, like you think this is my first rodeo. We were doing that stuff with Lana back in the day. You would put her in bed with David, the German videographer and we would set up cheating. Yeah. Yeah, bro.


They'd go viral on fucking, they, they were like, how did You know to do that? I'm like, bro, I've been in the game. Welcome to the game. Yeah. You played the character. I've been here for 10 years now. Yeah, sure. You know what I'm saying? Sure. So I knew I knew what you were doing, but it, it was just, it, it definitely Was. Well, but then after I did it, I was like, fuck, this is gonna go viral and pe it's gonna turn into a thing. But I wanna go back. You, you're talking about you as a person, how you are now, how you're this thick skin. I'm, I'm at that point too now. And I've also, I had to sit and think, you know, also mentally go through that. Get to that tough stage. I'm thinking about all the other little people, kids who have messaged me talking about taking their life 'cause they don't feel accepted.


Mm. And like, I'm just thinking about those kids. I'm just thinking about that. Mm. I'm, I, I grew up in a very fortunate life. I've grew up great school, great town, great friends, great people all around me. Always. So I don't know what it's like to literally be outcasted. You might have to become the representation that you've always yearned for in your community and how that happens. I'm not sure. But you've al you've always been so vocal about it. And I've always found it like, like fascinating. You, you guys are like the last minority group to like, have a real fucking voice and not be the aha of the thing.


Or, Or it'd be like, whoa. Like that's, that's fucked up. Yeah. Like, people don't go like, whoa, that's pretty fucked Up to say no, they don't think that. Yeah. They go. Yeah. Did you just fart? Yeah. Yeah. I felt, no, I felt like a vibration. I felt the vibration through, through the couch. I felt the the shockwave of your fart. Because you just made me a plate of eggs. Did you like it? Well, Yeah, but You know what eggs do, bro? The eggs. Fuck you. I'm, that's what I'm saying. I'm feeling fine. And You make 'em Runny. No, I just said that to Paul. He makes A, I didn't Mean mix. He, so Ronnie cooked 12. He's, I've never cooked that many. 12 I Got, He cooked enough. He goes, yeah, yeah. Just Take it. Hey, what am I in fucking England? Fucking Yeah. They not cooked their eggs. No. Oh. Soupy eggs.


Soupy Eggs. Soupy England. Work on your sh Shit. Work on your sh So I was gonna ask you what, How long we gonna do this DSM for? Yeah, I guess you're right. Let's, He doesn't even want to talk about it. I'm kidding. I I always, but I, we have covered it on other shows. No, I just, I I, I, I think, I think you're awesome. And I think like you, you, you're gonna be be that guy bro. Fuck these people. Welcome. If you not, not dwarfs if, but if, oh, I, I'm okay. I'm okay. Don't think about me. I'm okay. Don't talk like you're talking to me. I'm okay. It's literally all the only person I'm thinking about are the dwarf kids. Only when I, that's when people say shit to me. Yeah. I might get mad and I think it's personally affected me.


I'm literally thinking about other Doris out there who are going through the same fucking shit and they don't have the, the history of I I've had where I've established myself and I know that I'm the shit. Like I'm just thinking about them. Can I ask you a que a a scientific question? Oh God. I know. 'cause it's, I'm, it's not, it's, it's sensitive. Okay. If you, if you, at what point, at what, there's so many different types of dwarves, right? Like different types of Dsm. Yeah. Over two, 200.


So this question might not work then. I was gonna ask, at what point does, Are you legally adored? Yes. Because you've reached the age. I hate No, no, no. Because you reach a age where you should be no bigger than you are at that time. No, it's not. It's not Because if You, it's, It's, it's not a height thing. Okay. When you're, It's clearly you're bones what you're Born. Okay. So when you're d but when you're a dwarf baby Dwarf. But when you're a dwarf baby, right? Yeah. You are still the same size as a normal baby. Yes. Okay. Then when you're a dwarf, 1-year-old. Yeah. Are you still the same? No. You are already starting to It's Slowly. No, it's slow. It's a slow process. It's slow. It's super slow. And it's a, I don't know too much about it medically.


Yeah. I'm getting scientific. But it's literally a bone defic, essentially a bone deficiency. And it's like progressive. Yeah. It just slows down. Got it. Okay. That's Literally it. So when I, I, I hate that shit when it's like, huh? I'm just short. I guess I'm legally adore if like, shut the No. Yeah. It's not a legal thing. You're not gonna go to jail for, you're not gonna get to jail if they're gonna make door fraud. Like, like Poor guy. Well, it possibly could be a thing. It's like a handicap, faking a handicap. Maybe you can do fraud shit. Maybe. You definitely can't. You definitely can't park right in front of that Best Buy. I swear to God. I'm not lying, bro. I swear To God I'm a dwarf. So Evan, you mentioned earlier Yeah.


Maybe finding that drive, finding that motivation. How do you think that'll happen? Do you, have you thought about that at all? Was finding the, my, what's gonna be, what is my purpose in this field? Mm. And so I tried out through acting. I've gotten roles, few roles, auditions, but a lot of the fucking auditions were Yeah. Your typical dwarf role. Yep. The Elf. And you don't wanna do that. And I Don't want to do that. And that's another thing where it comes with Hollywood and shit, where they don't do a good enough help with us as well, is like, there's no dwarf characters.


Like as a, just a, as A friend. As a character. As a character, As a friend. Yeah. Like the only one last one really, one I can think of is Seinfeld with Kramer and his dwarf buddy. Hmm. Interesting. That's the only TV series. Yeah. That has Oh, A Game of Thrones. But that's fucking different. Seinfeld still holds up. Yeah. I just watched, sorry. I'm just kidding. Oh, Mike, I was just Mike, you know, going Off. Well no, I was listening to what you Yeah, but I was listening to what you said. And I fucking dare you talk about fucking listening comprehension. You can't. He does. He does it way better than you. No, fuck you. He does way better. Fucking he's bad. Look habits of the episode. He's bad. He sucks. He does it way better than you at, at listening. You're worse. He cuts me off. You're worse. He cuts me off all the time. You're worse.


I'm leaving right now. You should walk. No, not the show. I'm leaving right now. This episode. We go I was You would like Seinfeld. Huh? You like Seinfeld? Love Seinfeld. Yeah. I was just saying still holds up. You Watching you watching stuff these days in Maryland? Yeah. What do you, what do you ingest? Yeah. You Consume in Anything. So that's another thing that I guess, no, I don't watch new things. No. I watch the same thing over and over. Like, Like, Like, like always sunny soprano. Always sunny in Philadelphia. I can tell you an episode, like it's Oh really? Such a great Show. Great show. And I love, like, especially if it's comedy, I love, I will study it. Like I will study if I love it, the comedy.


I'll study the show. I'll study how their timing, why that worked. That's funny. I'm gonna use that. You've Gotten funnier. Appreciate that. You have gotten funnier. I've been working trying to do that. It's, It's interesting 'cause you went home to a place that isn't like, like the arts aren't celebrated nearly as much as the Hollywood environment you were living in. And now you're in, You know, small town Maryland where you grew up and your ability for comedy has actually gotten better. You were, dude, you were making, it's weird. You were making really funny jokes last night. Appreciate Bro, this dude. Is it always, always happy capability. It's, I've never, I've never been that aware of it. And that's where I was kind of going. It, it was layered. It was layered common. It was, it was the deepest level of comedy You've hit.


Maybe you just, maybe you just were, maybe you just had a little bit more time and space for good old Evan than, than you used to because you used to be really like, bro, me and there's no one in The world really besides a no one that can get me to belly laugh. We just did it just now. Yeah. When we found a cup of Water, we RIFed a cup of water about a cup of water that was Found cabinet that we found in the cabinet. Like why is there a Half we Three minutes? But that's how you, me and you always work straight laugh. We would always just do that and go down tangent. Yeah. And I wonder if, because you have now settled into this, like not always working Logan, where you get a chance to actually spend time with people, You know. No, it's, it's great. Yes. But I he but he's not the only person who said that. Yeah.


Is what I was kind of getting at was it's 'cause people like, damn, like why are you, you, you like wittier, you're quicker, you're quicker with it Now. I'm just like, I don't know. And like, going back to the field, finding my purpose, which in comedy, I've always thought about standup. People have told me over time of time, and again, yo, you need standup. You need to do standup again. Never had a confidence, never had the drive. I've built the confidence working on the drive right now. But my confidence is the highest it's ever been. Ever. Like, and I'm like, I'm just pr I'm just pr proud Yeah. Of myself. Yeah. Like when people, I know I keep spewing off. Sorry.


It's your show. When people come in my shit and go like, You Fell Off. I, that doesn't hurt me. 'cause I've never thought I was at a place to fall off. Like you saying, I fell off. That's actually a compliment because you're saying you like, dude, you were like the biggest blah, blah, blah. Oh. And I was like, what? I didn't think I was shit. I might've done a few things. Might've cute people. I, I've, I think I've done any what I want to do. Fair. So like, that's not really an insult for me. Fair. And I've, I, there's nothing that, like I said, I fell off Well in, in that way. You know? It, it is only up from here. Yeah. And, and I, I, I see it so clearly for you. We, we, we spoke about this last night at dinner, but like, man, I think in the same way, like Matt Rife did comedy and then syndicated clips Yep.


And got super famous on TikTok whatever. I could see you like really slowly bottom up building a comedy career and then just being like a really funny standup comedian. Especially With TikTok nowadays. It kills on Yeah. Comedy kills On TikTok. You know why, You know why else? It's, I I already told you all of this last night, but why it works is I'm gonna reiterate it again 'cause we were drinking a little bit. So dude, go to, you're in Maryland, you don't gotta go to New York City or like LA to do a to do a a standup show. Yeah. Go to like your local improv Maryland Little Hope Cafe bar. Yeah. Whatever. With there 10 people watching. Just, just, just riff. Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter Watching.


No, I was just thinking about Evan in the mi in like the midst of like the hardest neighborhood of Baltimore. Like where the water, where the water was shot.


When it's PCS time, you know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG w group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Put Stringer bell. Stringer bell is there, Omar? With a shotgun. With a shotgun off shotgun attack. Dude, fucking Nah. But why, why, why, why it works is you can a, hone your skills in front of a small audience. But b, if you film your sets and one of them hits after the fact, You know what's funny? You know, oh, this, this was a funny little clip. This will hit on TikTok. So you can essentially highlight real yourself while building your skills in real life and your social media and in, in, in social life. Yeah. It's still holding that social media thing Too.


Yeah. I Agree. I like that. And I, I love how, You know, you, you've moved home and that reset can be so good for people. Yeah. So Good for people. In the beginning, in the beginning I was down depressed. 'cause I, in my head I'm thinking, fuck, I failed. I get like, I fucking, I was out there. I didn't do enough that I could've done. You know? I was like fucking, it took me a few months at first 'cause I was down. I had to move back in with my parents for a little bit. And it's, it's like, You know, going from that life to going back essentially where you started. Yes. It can be like, oh fuck. Like damnit. But I Got over that instead of thinking sorry for myself or sad for myself. Let's fucking use that.


Let's use that now to find maybe a different co confidence, level of confidence. Different drive and move on. Reset. Let's get better. Cool, cool. Living. You know, that's awesome dude. And Some people, some people need that, some people don't. They can just keep going. Being successful. That's dope. Like Joe Rogan said, the best, the best story he likes to hear is not the just the straight successful guy. It's the guy who essentially failed, has a comeback story. Mm. It is, When that, when you said like, Joe Rogan says it best. I Didn't say, first off did not said, says it best. Did not say that you're twisting my words. I said like Joe Grogan said, Oh, anyways.


Yeah, no. Seems you Tend to do that though. But like Joe Rogan said, when you said that, I was like, dude, this could be so many things. I was like, bro, this could be so Many. Like, Yeah. What? Like, dude, like I don didn't know if you said just go into a bit about Ivermectin, like I didn't know where you're gonna go with that, bro. Horse. Horse. Yo. So there's horse to work. Like Said, Just shoot yourself off. Yeah, exactly. Anyways. No, no. But I don't, there's just sometimes when people say things it like that, no matter who it Is, it, it sticks with me. I don replay it in my head. See? Yeah. See that doesn't happen to me. 'cause I don't listen to anything. I'm a terrible listener. That's not true. That's that. And that's the unfortunately Part about, I'm just, if You're just yourself, you're not wrong, bro.


If you're in invested in the conversation, you're a great soundboard. Yeah. But, but you're just never Well, well you Tune out so well. You tune Not quick. So quick you tune out quick. So As soon as you're done with whatever you got to say, that's done. And we don't mean to attack you. I have my flaws too. I'm not fucking perfect. But you do. And it does hurt. Like you just shut off and you're like, okay, well this guy doesn't want Anything to do. So, so I'll speak for everybody out there watching this that has a DHD 'cause I've, I obviously have severe hyperactivity. The reason why I tune out sometimes is because you're Bored. No, I unfortunately already know everything you're about to say. Fair. And I can actually repeat it back to you verbatim before you say it.


Yeah. I, I can't do it right now because we're, we're in the middle of topics. But if, if, if one of you stopped mid topic, I will finish the next 15 minutes of your story. My brain works in a very strange way. Y you And I always have a great question. Ready? You would've had a hard time at at our Thanksgiving dinner. I had to, I had to not. I didn't have to, but like I'm the asshole of the family. Yeah. Whatever. And man, Pam, Pam just hijacked the, my mom Hi. Hijacked the meal with a story she told for 20 minutes, one minutes about a, about her confronting someone who thought the Jake Tyson fight was, was rigged and like a bad fight. Like, by the way, no, sorry.


They didn't even say it was rigged. He just thought it was a bad fight. And she was basically like, your opinion's wrong. So not only was like, well it's a, it was there, How Is it, how Is it? Was her hand like this with the w with the want glass? How Is it? 20 minutes? I don't know. Because the video was also recorded of her confronting this guy. And the video was only six minutes. So that's why I, I had seen it, dude. And I, so if at 18 minutes I'm like, mom, like how are you doing this? Because you could have just showed the video and we could have moved on. And then I I, I prompted her with another question and she's another 10, 15 minutes in I go. And then at one point I, I, I started to like do my rebuttal. I'm like, well, here's the opposite side. Maybe he just didn't like the fight. And she's like, you, you're gonna, You know, let me talk. You're not gonna let me talk.


I had to go, Mom, you've been speaking the whole dinner. Like perhaps truncating the story would be better for everyone here. And then Greg was like, did you say Trump? Trump hated The story. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Alright. Lemme don't even get me started on Trump. Kate. You know what's So funny? You know what's so funny? You're so right. Like, Greg is a big personality with his own. Like, you'll hear something and go, and so will my mom and so will Jake. And so will I. And it was the first like time we really got together for Thanksgiving and I realized how fucked up we are. No, I'm not gonna lie To you, dude. Indifferent. I'm not gonna lie to you. We, we, we don't like, we don't me, dude. It's crazy. You told me, you told me to come up for Thanksgiving.


I love all of the people separately, the individual or like, but when I thought of the idea of coming into this, oh, it was wild. All four, I thought about that. Never happened. Never happen. Plus the baby. I was like, bro, I'm gonna have a fucking aneurysm. It was, it was worse than you think. I'm sure it was great, dude. No, Everyone's great. It was awesome and refreshing. I love my family, but I realize what I appreciate about my family is truly that the fucking chaotic, chaotic we all are. And like individually fucked up. So together I have to, I have to call it out. Look, we don't have chemistry.


We got no chemistry. Me and my family, bro. No. Or me, me and Jake. Me and Jake do. But sometimes man, like, well, I don't know on that last episode, you guys did, you guys got called, you got called out for, for your lack of chemistry. But That is the chemistry. I know it's two brothers. It's so obvious. Just so like No, you Just purposely Whatever. We gotta be awkward. Like, it, it's, it's interesting like as an an adult now, and all of us are adults, like spending time as a family because it's, it's not something I've, I've done. I wanted to just, just circle back because what you're saying is I'm not Mike. Yeah. Mike, you're Mike. I'm Mike. Yeah.


Yeah, that's Mike. It's Mike. Well, you just, it sounded when you said what you were saying it, it seemed like maybe you'd forgotten who I was. Oh, Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. But yeah, so when my mom was telling this long story, and by the way, I gave her the note, I was just like, I was just like, mom, like I I love you so much. Yeah. Perhaps there's an opportunity to Yeah. Truncate your story. Because like, that was an example of why I even went off on that tangent of what Mike's saying in that like, You know what she's gonna say next type thing. And so like, you would've had a hard, you would've had a hard time at that Thanksgiving, which Like, oh 'cause Oh, 'cause it was just so, it was so predictable. Predictable. And by the way, by the way, by the way, I'm, I'm the same way.


I want to clarify. I'm the asshole of the family. Some people were invested. I'm the asshole too. Some people weren't, You know, half of the people at the table were, were really engaged and the other half wasn't. And so like, I don't know, like I'm, I I don't need Yeah, I, I gave her feedback about something that, like, that like, I didn't need to, this is a note, this is my sweet brother. I, I didn't, I didn't say I know, I know. You know how much he loves to give his notes, bro. Well, because this food is the fucking he'll give a note to anybody. Well dude, it's just like, he'll give a note to a squirrel. Do I see an opportunity for the squirrel to improve? Play a little note way You grab that nut. Yeah. He could be more efficient. He could be more, he was a nut Collection. He was giving notes to Phantom on streaming last episode.


People were like, bro, would this dude just give notes? And you wanna know the worst thing that ever happened? He, he, when he used to, when he used to say to me it, he, it would be this like complex thing. And he would just, and he would give me this like, feedback and I would be, give him a response to his feedback and it would go back and forth and he would always say, just take the fucking note. It's so simple. Just TAKE THE NOTE. Right. And I always hated when he would say that because I'd be like, well, it's not simple because you're either accusing me of something or telling me I need to change something that I don't agree with your assessment. So I'm not gonna just TAKE THE NOTE. I'm gonna fucking retort that shit, bro, and tell you why you might be wrong. We can have a conversation about it. He's like, no, take the fucking note. So I always hated that so much.


And recently, like two months ago, I was telling Sarah something in an argument and she kept pushing back. And I said, bro, why are you being so stubborn? Just TAKE THE NOTE. TAKE THE NOTE. TAKE THE NOTE. Who gets So, so it gets even worse than that, two days ago she was telling me something and I pushed back on her and she told me to take the fucking note. And I was like, no bro, I've created a cycle of note take, bro. It was so bad. Came right back to me. Yes, bro. Yes. You posted, You post TAKE THE NOTE notes. No, because, because some, sometimes like, dude, it's so, it's so just Nina gets it now. You know, she pushes back on something where I'm like, yo, just TAKE THE NOTE.


Well, here's the, I don't like, Well here's the real answer Or don't, let's Move on. That's it. That's it. I don't give a shit, shit about the real answer is just really at that point in a lot of confrontations in life and a lot of conflicts either TAKE THE NOTE or TAKE THE NOTE like, bro, the, the gr one of the greatest things anyone ever told me in life was just say yes and then do whatever you want. That's so good. Because that's, A lot of times People just wanna hear you agree that you're gonna do, You know what I'm saying? That's good. Get yourself out of the conflict. Agree to whatever they're saying and then just do whatever you're gonna do anyways. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I Do, I do that. Yeah. But I never thought of it like that. I just do it. So I'm not in that Conflict. That's What No, but that's what I'm saying. Like, if, if I'm literally like me and like just here's an idea.


I'm more conservative side. If I'm with, with a liberal and we're conf talking and arguing about something and I know it's not gonna get anywhere or like I just know, like I'll agree, agree with them just to Agree, almost agree to disagree, agree. Or Like, yeah, I can see where you're coming from and not give my point of view. Just so I don't have that argument, homie. That That's a mature perspective, You know? No, it's, it's a, it's a Sigma perspective. Yeah. You're elevated. Yeah, bro. Don't do That naturally. People right now are spending their fucking days right. After maybe even pausing this episode to go argue with someone about left verse right. Politics used Twitter a lot. It's The Dude. It, it has to be. And I caught myself the dumbest, lowest vibrating conversation you could ever fucking have.


It's different on, on the internet though. It's so easy on the internet. 'cause you're not with that person. Oh, it's so you don't know their feelings when you're, it's so easy to dodge in person. You're just like, I don't want to go that. It's Not about ease. It's not about ease. It's about time spent dog. Well that's it too. You wanna, you wanna that too. You wanna sit and talk either in person or online about politics For what? Yeah. Yeah. Why the fuck you doing it? Go get some money. Is that part of the reason you deleted X? Was that catching? I, I, I deleted that. I still have my account. Yep. Just in case. But I deleted the app a thousand percent because I would catch myself literally wasting time at the time. Like arguing, wasting time arguing with people. And I'm like, be like 9:00 AM I'm fucking heated Matt.


Some fucking, I'm like, and I'm like, this fuck doesn't fucking matter. Who the fuck is this guy? What the fuck am I doing? Yeah. And like I was really like, that's all Twitter Is. It is just arguing or x what the fuck it is. Now You know what it's become Now, I don't even know Drones over New Jersey And Louisie Manone, but yes. Drones over New Jersey first. Yeah. What are they, why are they here? You told me last week major developments were coming in the case for aliens and alien crafts in the United States. Not a week later, days later, the drones have appeared over the coast of New Jersey. By the time this episode is released, I'm sure there will be something, but as of right now, they've been levitating there for days. The US government is not telling us anything. They're not telling the New Jersey governor anything.


We will not, we are not shooting them down. What are they? Why are they there? That's the question, Mike. Well, I don't think, Is it really that deep? It It's, It's incredibly deep and it's that's But I Don't, Do I wanna Look that brother? No, you don't. And that's why it's not getting attention. 'cause people don't want to face the reality that there's something in the sky that our, even our government does not know what it is. And if they do know, they're lying about it because, okay, well let, they said, they said it's not a foreign adversary or entity. I don't think they said that. They did. Yes they did. They did. Yes, they did. They said it. They did. Full on. Full stop. Yes. It's not a foreign Adversary. A hundred percent. I just saw When Did that They said It, it was the clip. Literally. It's not us drones. The FBI doesn't know anything. The local law enforcement doesn't know it.


That's, that's what they're telling us. How, what they're telling us, they saying it's not us and it's Not them brother. That's what exactly. And that's what I told you two weeks ago. 2025 I think will be one of the most significant years in human history when it comes to discovery. Let's see if there's any opport, right. In terms of intelligence and non-human intelligence. Which begs the question, what what does it mean? What does human intelligence, which I, I don't have to dive in, but I will say this, this shit is getting super real. I've been reading, which is crazy 'cause I haven't read a book in 15 fucking years. Yeah. I will say, what I do is I kind of cheat. I'll read the words on the page while listening to the book on Audible.


And it really helps me get through a book. I never even thought about that dude. It's basically like someone reading the, the story to you reading to reading as you are re it's like a double ingestion of the, the, the knowledge in the book. I've always had a problem retaining information. That's why I don't read my Comprehension skills are asked. So like, like test taking Yeah. Came the English test tasting. I was, I was an idiot. Yeah. Math The shit. And it's not your fault. Yeah. I just, I'm bored. I get Bored. Yep. It's how your brain is literally get bored. And so like, for, for me, I, I used to love reading then I, like when I was really young, then I stopped. But that's my little cheat code. So I've been reading Imminent by Lou Elizondo, this one next American cosmic and then UFOs and Nu like I, we, I I sound crazy. I am the crazy person, but I'm, I'm, I'm super open-minded and one of the people that's willing to have the conversation about the hard fact that we are not alone in this universe.


And what that means. I'm looking to explore and I'm gonna be hopefully part of some big conversations that push that narrative forward. Because check this out, You know, 1950s flying saucers, you're crazy. You're, you fucking belong in the psych ward. You believe in aliens. Let's, let's, let's, let's make them a part of pop culture. Let's make them a part of mainstream TV and sort of like sensationalize this idea of aliens, but aliens don't exist. You're crazy. Some years pass some more credible people start coming forward with their, their narrative of, of, of, of things they've seen. And then we start getting technology that can actually track these things. Multiple sensors that can track these things. Whether it's thermal, whether it's radar, whether it's a credible pilot's visual of these things.


And so now early two thousands starting to look a little bit more real and then some videos start to leak and then the government itself says, okay, they are real. Oops, they're real. But we don't know what they are either. So now we're, we are at, I believe the cusp of real disclosure from the United States government about our place in the universe. And I don't know what that means, whether it's a spiritual entity, entity, whether it's a foreign adversary, whether it's United States technology that's been successfully re reverse engineered over the past 70 years. Whether it's a combination of all three or even even a hoax of sorts, whatever it is.


I was talking to someone who's in this, the answer to all these questions I believe is sensational. It is going to be fucking astounding. What If it's not? Yeah. What? Yeah, what if it's, if it not not be, what if it's, how could it not be's just Pam drank too much wines flying stupid fucking drones that Jake Paul paid for. I'm not necessarily talk Sorry, sorry. Zoom out even more. I'm not talking about New Jersey drones, which are now in Oregon, by the way. Both, both coasts of the United States too and in Washington one over Washington state, state. It's just been reported. You are, you are looking at the beginning of a fucking sci-fi movie dog, I swear to God. Pull up X and look at these new, new clips, drones sighted over, blah, blah, blah.


And everyone's like, US Air Force based in Germany, US Air Force. I'm telling you though, dog, the sightings are getting more And more. Wait, wait. This how the movie Independence Day started where they, where the ships appeared everywhere and no one knew what they were. Yeah, bro. And then, and then the people Started, And then, then the people are partying on the roof with the signs like, welcome. We love you. And then that beam just came down in Z building. Yes. And then Will Smith had to save everybody with Love Will Smith. And Who's the Other guy? Kev. Kev. Can you talks to me a a prime? Damn. We Only huge actor. Yeah. We only remember Will Smith. Wow. I'm A piece of shit. No, no, no. I'm Tom Cruise. No, no. Oh my God. I want to say Dan Actor. I just Saw, Oh, it's, it's a, oh, the dude from fucking Jurassic Park. I'm an asshole. I need Oh, oh.


Jeff. Jeff. Gold bloom. Gold Bloom. I should have Known that. Wasn't He one of the greatest actors of All time? Such a strange, but like Will Smith, Joe. No, no, no, no, no. Just saving gold Bloom is just his whole aura is just So, it's amazing. So Jeff Goldblum's Aura could that, could that captivate the non-human intelligence that's allegedly Alien. Here's my question, has been, who's gonna be the first to greet him now? Logan is, Logan has said bar none. He's the right option. I don't disagree. I don't, but I at all. But I think if you throw Logan in, you have to also put bad Ba Who? Bad. Bad baby. Ba hobby Babe. Baby, bad baby.


You said H That H is Kind of bad. Babi. Bad, bad Bobby. And, and I guess, I guess H two was out now. Any any, any who? I'm going to bed. I don, she just never woke up. She just never, well, she went To bed like two weeks ago. She caught The off said Well, any who? I go in bed, y'all. Goodnight. Goodnight. Jump Paul. I jump. Goodnight Paul. Goodnight. Anymore. Goodnight.


Never Opens Up to bed. It, dude. Not even the assassination. Woke her up, bro. Susan, When did she come from? Maybe that's what, where did she maybe she woke up. Did the, did the thing. She's like, oh Fuck. Damn. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Yeah, you're asking the right questions. Where did she come from? Yeah. Where did she go? Industry Plant Cotton I, Joe Song. Yo it song started Sense. I Joe predicting the fall. Just, just going to sleep with that blanket.


Just go to sleep brother. Just wrap up. Where did you come from? Where, where'd you go? No, we'll get, we'll get, I swear we'll get copyright. Nina got, Nina got hidden years ago from, for using that song. They're actually, they're adamant, the cotton ni Joes they're at, they'll come after you for their copyright. I don't want You to The song anymore. Like how Long was that? Yeah. How long was that? Yeah, we get some five seconds, bro. What your mouth is that? I was just saying. Sorry. Yeah. You nicotine. You do the nicotine Patchs. I do the nicotine because I used to dip a Lot. Yeah, you did. I remember your spit bottles. Skipper.


Spit bottles. Alright, so, alright. So these things are coming. It's pretty much over for us. That's, Or what I'm saying or what I'm, I'm saying this. I believe we're at a point in time where regardless of what you feel about the UAP in the sky, unidentified anomalous phenomena, Jesus. We're at a point where we can't ignore it. We can't ignore it anymore. And you guys are laughing at me. Shut the fuck. You guys are both laughing. Called the ufo. Fuck. No, because UFO is unidentified flying object Of Theophilus. That's unidentified flying object. And they're not all flying. They're trans medium. You're calling their Trans Aliens. They're, we got the La Gt fuck asterisk.


Now I am a boy girl. Like trans alien spectrum multi organism. It's a UFO And aliens Black. No they're not. 'cause they're trans Medium multi-domain. They're multi-domain. They can go underwater. They can go underwater at, At speeds That are possible. Bro. Submersibles. The Submersible. USOs, unidentified submerged objects. The USO, uso, Uso, the government, the USOs y As the government, as the government agent now. No, bro. The uso. O the U the USOs bro. The No, no, that's the USA and that's the government, Bro. This is the first time ever where I really do feel like you, you could be right and everybody could be right because there's just too many insane things going on all at the same time.


Are you talking about in The world? No. No. You're, because, because like, okay, okay. Not to bring up the movie. What's the movie I always bring up? Clearly you don't bring it up. Fucking movie. What is that movie that I'm thinking of? No Country for Old? No, the one where Sicario, you're obsessed with Sicario. Everyone's stupid. Everyone becomes stupid. Oh, Oh. Idiocracy Idiocracy. I was gonna say stupid. The dude's got electrolytes. It's got electrolytes. Oh, yo Idio. That movie is actually happening. Like Trump choosing his cabinet. Trump as in general, like, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? I'm not saying anything bad, but they're cartoon characters.


The dude, the dude Kosh, the dude that he elected as the head. Have you seen the picture of him? Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. But Kasha is gonna push for disclosure. That should be number one. Lemme Ask you a question or or top Lemme ask you a question. Top top five. They have, they have, they have stated that on day one, on day one, numerous things are gonna, first, the first thing they're gonna do is, is pardon all of the people who invaded the capitol. So as soon as that's done. Really? Yes. That's within the first nine minutes. Really? Yeah, he's gonna, pardon? That's That seems great. Yeah. I gotta say pardon everything. That one seems a little Crazy. So wait, so once, sorry, actually then he's gonna, Is that just as crazy as Biden?


Biden's Also crazy. No, it is. Biden just parked like 1500 people. It's one of which was his son. That's Also crazy. Don't, I'm not, I'm not, Don't pick one side. That's thing I, I'm, I'm about Politics. I know I'm a Republican, but I hate Republicans too. Like, I hate both sides. They bo both sides. Hold on a second. Yeah. But you believe in abortion? Hold on a second. Yeah, they are. Okay. Oh, no, no. Hold on everybody. We're getting off track here On both sides. I see. So it's like when you, when you single out one side. Yeah. You gotta let's balance it out. Hate We're off track. We're off. That's how you we're getting off track here, guys. I'm not, I'm not picking on one side. That is the side that's coming into power right now. So the conversation makes sense. Biden hasn't even, okay. What else? Biden hasn't been inside his brain in 12 fucking years, bro.


Okay. You wanna talk about the other side? The other side is cooked. I'm not talking about They are ridiculous. I'm just saying. I'm saying. So after the J Sixers get pardoned and after the most important topic of discussion that Trump is handling is the end of daylight savings time. No Fucking way. No way. Are you? Yep. Are you serious? That's serious. That's huge. Don't, don't more daylight. Don't play Daylight. Savings time. Come on. That's huge. I've been waiting for Up this moment for ever. We're gonna have continuous hours and you know, You being like me, like I'm a dwarf winter. I was gonna say our, he's, he's Coach Depression. You know the talks that we've had?


Oh, being a dep Yes. Being Depressed guy. Yeah. Yeah. Winter is the hardest. A hundred percent hardest. Well, guess what? Now that when Trump gets in winter will no longer exist. He Is it, He's bringing us up. He's bringing what's called Eternal Spring. Wow. And then, and so anyways, where I was going with this was then the third thing is going to be disclosures. Now they have promise. And this is something that everyone is very much looking forward to very early on. Who killed JFK? Who the JFK files are These aliens? What? Who did MK Ultra. Ooh. CIA. And why do they keep putting back on and taking back off the McRib?


Why can't it just also be continuous? Mm. And who was at Epstein Island with Diddy? And they're saying now Jay-Z, but let's see past you love Jay-Z. Well, 'cause I'm gonna hold out a little hope for you. Always go. Allegedly bro. Allegedly Jay-Z. He just had a civil lawsuit case. Anybody, Anyone could sue. Anyone. Anyone could sue. Anyone can sue anybody for anything. Not just, which Is what he said. Not discounting the credibility, but that Yeah. I don't want people to think that is a, a a a dagger. And you know, actually I will Fair, I'm filing to sue against you today. I actually am going to do this to prove my point for the time that you sucked my toes while I was sleeping. I'll never forget it. I might have not stuck them. I definitely In the middle. I that's in the middle.


I definitely massaged your But that's in the middle. You have massaged with buns. Now. I love massaging your buns. There was so much worse. Now Get 'em over here, baby. What? Anyways, continue The question, the question I have to ask is what if the what, what, what if the, the, the, the revealing never happens now. So, Because we've always been promised these, like revealing, So Trump won't be the first president that has attempted to get disclosure. Now, one of his missions is also to unwind the deep state, which is this legacy program allegedly that is concealing these really important secrets.


However, if it's a matter of national security, he's not, he's gonna, he's gonna, it's, he's not gonna completely open the book. But perhaps there's an argument that the American people deserve to know that on planet earth there is a higher intelligence here. And this is what we know about them. Perhaps who decides national security? No. No, because because here's why. It's why should he, Why should the government decide national security? Why shouldn't it be us? The fucking people be, and more so Twitter. Yeah, that's a good point. We deserve to see these files. Yeah. It's, it's because in a hypothetical world, if they have successfully reverse engineered this technology that's like hundreds, thousands of years more advanced than what we're capable of or like, believe is possible.


And it could keep us a world superpower. The world superpower. You're not gonna want, you don't want, you don't want China to know. You don't China, China to know that you have that tech. But China. But I think we're, I think we're here, man. And I think we're here. And like, You know, I I, I opened up a clip today. I seen they're talking about the drones. And I'm literally like, damn, this is, we're on the cusp. I the sci-fi movie in real life is beginning. It's beginning. And, and it's an exciting conversation, I think. But why Do you think though, that since 1950, that this all came about? What was developed in the, but You know, mid 1940s, Nuclear energy. Bingo. Where did the UFOs allegedly first start showing up?


Air 51 Nuclear test sites is where they showed up. Which is why in 1947, I believe we Dropped the bomb in Hiroshima though, in the, in 1944. No, 1945, Forties, 44, 45. So we had Sylvania before That. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm, it was 1944 or 19, 19 45. Yeah. But we had nuclear shit before that. No, But it's like, You know, if you're in an intelligent species that, You know, whatever they're doing here, it's, it's like, okay, that is something to take notice. These apes have figured out how to destroy themselves and potentially us as well. Like, like they're not invincible. Roswell, New Mexico. What if they're dumb? Roswell, New Mexico. Read the title of this UFOs and There's a correlation voice.


You don't think the, the wonders around The world. We don't know why they're there. How did human create this? Without the technology? You don't think in the, and in the Bible it does speak of alien like. Yep. Things. Yep. So had they been around, So that forever con that that conversation's valid. I don't know enough about to get into like, the detail religious, like potential historical relation to UFOs and UAPs. Not even religions, but, but it, Is It the natural wonders? Like how do they do that? Yeah. I mean, You know, who knows? I I, I don't love like theorizing shit. I'm just talking about shit that we like know or shit that looks like, at least at the moment, super probable.


Like Roswell, New Mexico. Right? A a a balloon that was attempting to spy on Russia was what was shot down and recovered. And that was what was the big secrecy. That's what the, the, the Air Force was all there to collect. And it's horseshit like, like I think a first starting spot for disclosure truly would be like what actually happened at Roswell? 'cause allegedly there was some sort of electromagnetic pulse or a thunderstorm that downed this, this alien craft where debris was spread over like football fields worth of this rancher's land.


And the stuff that they collected was as thin as a, a piece of foil. But you couldn't break it, bend it, smash it with a sledgehammer. It was like, it was this, it's other worldly material, which we know has been proven to be true. Our own government has said it. We, we've collected crafts with other worldly material, not from this earth. And so to cover that up in the moment is potentially a matter of national security. 'cause if you can figure out how to like, utilize this material, weaponry, whatever, man. What if it just our government would, would, could, could really benefit from What if it's just, what if it's just more of us, bro? What if it just ends up being, There's another theory With that.


Hold, hold on a second. Because, because bro, I, You know, you on the alien side is like me on war and warfare and weaponry, bro. Like, I'm really big on weaponry. Actually I was, I was actually studying or something from around the time, from around Manhattan project the other day. Mm. After they dropped little boy on Hiroshima, big boy Nagasaki. There was a third core that they were working on at Los Alamos, which is probably not all that far from the places you're talking about, where these sightings were. And there was this like 24-year-old scientist at Los Alamos. He was working on it, trying to figure out something about it when it becomes what's called super critical, which is when basically a chain reaction happens within it that's going to cr force the court to explode basically, or to start to give out its energy.


And, and the way that they would test that is they would stack these tungsten, I think carbide blocks on the side of it. And there was a machine that would tell the person if it was becoming super critical in the room. Mm. But there was not a second person in the room at the time. There was no laws around it. And so he was just working on the project by himself. And the alarm went off that the thing was going super critical not to explode, but it was gonna start giving off a tremendous amount of, it was gonna create fission. And he dropped the fucking brick onto the thing and it, and it released, it hit him with like a super wave of, of radiation. And he died like what would be considered the highest pain tolerance, death known to man.


It, it basically fried his organs from the inside. He died over the course of like the next 30 days. His skin blistered burned holes in his Disgusting. I watched the whole video on it. Oh my God. Then that same core killed a second scientist. It's called the demon core. You should read about it. It's an, it just one core that they ended up melting down and turning my God into more other things. Anyways, Russia, not long after we dropped the bombs on Hiroshima, Nagasaki created a bomb that was like five or 10,000 times the size of the nukes that we dropped. Even, even bigger than the ones that we've, that we use nowadays. I can't remember the exact name of it. There was a name for the bomb. So as to say, you never really know how far ahead or behind other countries are in this world, in this landscape.


I mean, you don't even, you have no idea how far ahead our own mil Government ISN No, no. We, they generally are about 50 to 70 years ahead of Declassification. Yeah. Meaning like, dude, we're, we're still learning about shit that was done in fucking Vietnam or, or at least Desert Storm. Yeah. It's a great, it's great point. So like, you just don't, you just don't know aircraft That they had in just in the sixties alone. The SR 71. Yeah. Like are you fucking serious, bro? The te in the sixties insane. And still to this day, people can't copy it. Can't do it. Think About, can't copy it. The SR 71 Blackbird is, is still to this day, the fastest manned aircraft ever, ever, ever.


There's only one faster. It's like a rocket. Yeah. It's not even an aircraft. It's like a rocket. The SR 71 is, it's like capable of achieving like mock Undetectable M speeds. 80,000 foot ceiling, eight speed, 80,000 foot ceiling, just Cruising. Do You know why Aliens? Well, there's allegedly anti-gravity technology potentially on, on the graph. Yeah, I've heard about this, but no, you're right. You're, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Dude. Dude, we don't, we don't, we don't know what's going on. Which is why I said one of the options of what these things could be. It could be all three or all four things is our, our, our government maybe has, has, has figured something out that, that we do not know about.


What Do they know? And even them, they're so scared of they don't realize the fucking technology that they have too. No. So they don't really Realize. They, they realize, they realize It's why it's such a national secret. It's, it's, it's more secret than the mo the deepest secret in the United States. See government, I think, see That's a, that's a, that's a thing that like keeps going up that ladder too. And this is like kind of off aliens and back to like, the government is like, like that deep state you were talking about. It, it, as much as it's like, become almost laughable how much it's like used in media nowadays. It certainly is a real thing. Yeah. Like it really is a thing going all the way over to the other side of the pond too. Like, like England, England had like a whole period of, of testing nerve gas on British citizens.


Like they were just dumping nerve gas from planes on the British. The MK Ultra program happened. Like we tested acid on businessmen in San Francisco and put 'em behind two-way glass with prostitutes and like observe them on acid for days at a time. That's crazy. And then just sent them home to their wives. We traded acid for, to, to heroin addicted prisoners. And we te sorry, we tested acid on heroin addicted prisoners in prisons in San Francisco in exchange for heroin. Hey, we'll give you more dope if you test acid for us, like the US government. UK government are, have accomplished extremely fucked up things over the past. Oh my gosh. Well, the US government did the, with the African Americans back in the day they did syphilis.


They would give 'em syphilis, bro. So they couldn't produce other kids. La last note on, on this, bro, think about how we got this country. Are you fucking serious? Think about how we ended up sitting in this room. Yeah. As white people. Are you like, what are we not capable of? We took out an entire indigenous people using bacteria smallpox. True. Yeah. Like, are you fucking kidding me? I watched the whole special on that the other night too. With, with the You have a Blanket diseased filled Blanket. Insane. Or Like, it's gonna be like, yo, we're helping you guys out. No, we're not. We're actually doing it to fucking kill you. On that note, kind of like respecting another culture or, or, or people or race.


I'm gonna say something a little, maybe like a little foo a little woo. But I think it's important. I think it's important that we're, that I think it's important that when we're having these conversations about what's going on in the skies and, and these like entities that we aren't sure what they are yet. I think the conversation is treated with respect. And I think it's really important that the energy that we have when dealing with these things is like positive and with good intentions. What, but what makes you think at any moment that our current society would approach them with any less than that?


Fuck. Are you fucking kidding me? Are you kidding me? Are you actually that is, that is the most ridiculous, bro. But I'm, but I'm tr I'm trying bro. No, you can try all you want. No. Have you not gone on Twitter? Yeah. I have a your life. Yeah, but I have a Platform and if I, if I didn't say it, I, although I fell off. Welcome to the club, bro. Let's fucking Go. We fell off My guy. Fuck Yeah. We at the top. I Got shit. Yo, the bottom ain't so bad. You, you, you're right. Say, say it again. Sorry. No, I Think, I think we gotta be really careful with how we're dealing with these ebs.


I don't want say ets. I don't wanna say extraterrestrials. I'm surprised. Don't wanna say ebs. I want I made it Up. That's gender neutral. I Coined it. No's. No, You know what EB stands for? Ethereal beings, which I think may be an accurate description of what's Ethereum Happening. You don't wanna say Bitcoin being, I fucking Hate you Guys. Ethereum beings. You guys are, you guys are gonna get fucking fried when, when you guys get radiation poisoning and they choose you. Yeah, bro. They're gonna look at me like, yo, this dude's already fucked. Let's go, let's go on another experiment. This guy's, he's tainted what I would, he's tainted what I would ethereal beings, bro. What I would encourage you to do is watch one of two movies, either Independence Day where the people like I just said are standing on the I know.


Like I know we love, You know, I know we love you. If they, they should lay down that just entire building completely evaporates the building or or watch the movie Mars Attacks where a very similar thing happens. They're not coming here to respect us. They're not coming here to sample our fair. Okay. They're coming here to devour us. They're coming here to eat us, bro. Okay. And also, yeah, they, they're gonna cologne co Earth, bro. Bro, you're is happening. We've done it guys. I think, I think it's why I say eeb is, I think Sounds like an electric car.


You know, just got my new eb. You'll always be a liberal even on other planets. You're fucking, How does that make me liberal bro? Because you're giving them terms. You're giving them PC terms. Fucking aliens. No. And if I get my way assholes. Yeah, they're gonna hate you, dude. Duh. I tried. You gonna talk to, I tried. I tried. If they're, if they're real aliens, they have a sense of humor. If they're that smart, if they're that advanced, they have a sense of humor. Obviously I'm bringing good energy to the table. We welcome you, welcome to our world. Look how beautiful it is. What a display of affection America is. We always were here. There was never other people here before us. Look how we treat our CEOs that we have disagreements with.


We're a great people. Come join us. We'll have a bunch of fun together. Try some of our local fair. It's called McDonald's. You'll die Immediately upon trying have a problem. Go to the hospital. Hope you don't mind waiting 12 to 15 hours in the waiting room for them to give you Oxycontin, which you can then get addicted to. Welcome to The world of America. Have fun guys. You've all my EBS watching this. Welcome. Yo, if I were them, bro. Yeah, I might, I might destroy us too. Z Down. It is over. Just get it over Over. I can't think like that. I'm don't wait like that. No, But Mike said Yeah, but Mike said they have a sense of humor. Right, wrong.


Help us. Please help us wrong. We obviously look at us. We don't know what we're doing. Look at, look at our world right now. We've done okay for a while, but we've clearly lost our way. If you're here to help us, please and Thank you. We appreciate you. We love Jesus. Some of us. Why would the drones go to New Jersey? Yeah. Why New Jersey? I think to your point, they pick the most problematic places. They hovered over a dump in New Jersey. It's basically ground zero for hell. It's why is The the thing you think they're gonna like you though the aliens? 'cause you're gonna talk to them and they're gonna try to talk to you and you'd be like, yeah, that's dope bro. You know what I Get on your phone, it's Gonna get on your phone. It's A fucking alien in front of you. But your a DH ADHD would is so bad That you're like, yo, this is something I've never seen before.


That's dope. What's next? How are my, how are my parlays? And they're like, this guy's a fucking ass. Yeah. That's, do you wanna know the way, do you want, earlier in the episode I talked about the way to get through to the gods of the friendly skies, the gaze. Now I'll tell you how to get through to the aliens compliment. This is the, this is the one. No, it's not compliment. The aliens don't like compliments math. What? Math. It's the one universal language. You want to talk to these motherfuckers, you better know the pie gathering theory. S not even how you say it. You be theorem. You better theorem. Whatever stagger in theorem theorem, you better know. You better know how to triangulate.


You better know how to calculate. You better know how to get every square root because they only know one language. And that's numbers. I, I disagree. I think we have something else to offer because they, they, they TAKE THE NOTE. They defy math. TAKE THE NOTE. TAKE THE NOTE. By the way, they, oh, they what? You know, You know what? We should offer them music. I think, I think this was in a movie once. I think we, I think we to music. They tried playing a song. I think they tried playing a song. Oh No. Mar Explode. That's how they figured out. No, that's our, that's our, the greatest technology of all kind to be taken down is by one song. And that's, I don't even know what yodel Song.


Baby Shark. Baby Shark. Oh my god. Wait. So I, I just think music is a universal language. You know, you could, you can, you could recite a song that you heard when you were 10 years old. You'd know the lyrics. That song that goes, ooh, Down with the circus. I'm down with. What song would you, okay, so if they got here and say, what song would you play for 'em? Yep. That's a good question. Hmm. What's the one song that will bring in? Yeah, see that's extra Being But, but I guess Together. But I guess probably at the moment, I'd probably play, I had some help by Post Malone Course. We're fucking dead. I think. I think it's a great song. It's a great song.


But it's just so poppy. What if they're like kind of indie aliens or like have some hipness or it It is more instrumental based sugar. We're going down swinging. Yeah. I mean, it's a good song. Well what if, see I think you're thinking too, like what if it's Mozart Chopping? Oh, But here's my question. Okay. So Here's the best we got. Look at this. Com composition, musical composition. No, that's what it would be that because no, that's what it would be. So we'll give Them best of now two thousands. No, I Don Go, go back in your Spaceship. Its best Of nows from the nineties. Listen to mbo. Tell me what you think. Come back to Us. Wait, so to you guys are Gonna get fried To your point. I'm good. Both already told they don't want me. I'm tainted.


I mean, I'm tainted too. To, to your point of it maybe being music, but it would be hard to choose what song to the people who say it would be math. Then what problem would you present? Like what would you, what? Like what ma like to say Hello. What would you do? One times three. Do You know what I'm saying? Like what is Yeah, but you're the one who No, no, no. This General whatcha you doing? No, You're, because no, you're having a dialogue with no entirely yourself. That's what's happening right now. It's gentle. You created your own prompt and are like struggling to answer it. Like, dude, figure it out. Ignore Previous, they're gonna speak in math. How are they gonna do that on plus one or two? Plus two. It's like, I don't fucking know the one that brought it up.


It's generally believed, it's generally believed that mathematics is the universal language. That's what I'm trying to say, Bro. It's generally believed that these crafts can't go 12,000 miles an hour in the air and turn on a dime. But guess what? It's fucking happening. You know how Luigi Mangione? Yeah dude, That dude is really clean it up in terms of like Impressions. Impressions. What's the, I mean, so you could just kill someone if be good. No, because I think there's, I Think, yeah. What Is up with that? He's now being like Praised. He's being praised. Okay. I Got like, there's, there's a bunch of factors here, right? And we're a little late to the party, obviously, but that's fine. This story is gonna go on for a minute. Fir first and foremost, there is a impeccable, impeccable video.


That's, that's number one. Like, like whenever there's a story, there's a million stories about shootings. Stories are stories. But when you have a video of a, this is how the, the CEO is walking, he was in his suit. He literally looked a little bit like A-A-G-T-A-N-P-C. Like he just was strolling down the street. And a man came up behind him with a 3D printed gun. With a silencer. With a silencer on it. Shot it once it jammed cleared it shot it jammed, cleared it, shot it assassination on video. Yeah.


Okay. That's, that's incredible. That's, you don't see that very often. You, you hear about, can You use another word? Yeah. You said immaculate and incredible. Well, because these are like praise first. You, you, you gotta change up your Word. My mic is coming in and out, so I'm struggling a little bit. We We can probably buy new money. Well, we have no money 'cause we haven't made any money on the show. We had a, we have a ad. This this show. Oh. So, okay, so SeatGeek. So that should be several grand. We subtract the 52,000 in travel for the episode. We're still net negative. Okay. Still net negative. Okay. Cool. Video's number one. Number two, he goes on this manhunt, right? And, and there's all this lore.


There's been so much lore. The words on the bullets. Yeah. The monopoly money in the bad. Mm. McDonald's like, if you think about it, there's so much Americana attached to this, this assassination. Why? So he's, he's, yeah, he's anti like healthcare, Anti healthcare. Okay then, but then why was he at McDonald's? Because anti healthcare. But McDonald's is not very healthy. Yeah. He, I think he's anti health. No, I don't know. Maybe he was fucking hungry. You could, you could love health, bro. Listen, let me ask you a question. You know what he, he was eating a hash brown. I don't care if you're fucking Arnold Schwartzenegger, dude, you're gonna eat a McDonald's. Hash browns are the best thing In The world. Good best thing ever. Yeah.


And you know, if you're going to prison and the one thing that's going through your mind, what's the one meal that I could go back to and it's like, makes me happy. Maybe it's that McDonald's hash Brown and McDonald with the McGriddles. Yeah. And McGriddles as well. I would shred that sausage, egg and cheese McGriddle. So Listen, so this dude, so this dude does all this stuff. He gets caught. He ends up being handsome. Just absolutely stunning, stunning Six. Incredible six pack. Yeah. Lit. All the, all the stewardess that I don't compliment enough that never given me my food Were smitten. Yeah. Smitten airline gods. Yep. Okay. At this manjii dude, they're like, damn, I wanna touch his manjii dude. Right? Like, dude, this dude Is just fabulous.


That's the word. I don't use that word often, but he's fantastic. Okay. And, and then, and then the conversation begins and he gets, he gets cherished. He gets praise for this action. I didn't really get it, to be honest. I didn't really get the praise because here's the thing, dude, I don't Think you can just murder Someone. Nah, I can't. That's, I don't think that's The, I think That's the problem with it. One thing weird, I Got, I Got out of it. It's like, yeah, I get, I I he's done bad. Whatever he is turned down a lot of people, he may technically kill people. That's their eyes of he's, since he's denied he has murder on his hands. You gotta Say allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. Sorry. Allegedly. You're good. You're good.


Go on. No, you're good. No, you're covered legally you're covered legally. You covered legally we have EO insurance. So, so like that's where they think it's okay to kill him. I but it, but it, like, in my mind it's like, bro, he's still murdered someone. So Wow. Such an, such an interesting conversation. 'cause like, You know, if he does have like blood on his hands, the CEO allegedly. Yeah. W how many lives would make it? Okay. Not like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't asking, Asking question. Yeah. Is killing always justifiable? He, he's, he's, he, the, the, the CEO didn't kill anybody. Right?


The CEO didn't kill anybody. He, he, he probably reinforced already existing policies that made getting medicine to fix already existing diseases that were already killing people harder to get. So, so he killed as many people as the CEO of McDonald's as the CEO of Hershey. Say allegedly as, allegedly as allegedly as this, as the CEO of, of X, y, and Z bus. Ev I'm gonna be honest, there's a death, there's a death count behind every fucking brand.


Yeah. Behind every brand. Yeah. I don't care which brand it Not prime or literally. And that I agree with both very well incredible standup products. In fact, if someone were to open one of the boxes of Monley and place it into my left hand or right hand right Now, I would eat it while doing this conversation. They're so far. Yeah. Damn. So I can't, I Can't, sorry bro, I'm so hungry. So so you have To get It tall, right? So there was that, that praise I think lasted for like two days. And if you go on now, like the, the, the, it's completely different bro.


No one, no one is fucking stupid enough to root. Do you wanna know what changed? Now give them this, there is now a conversation about premiums. There's a conversation about it's happening, right? So, so in that respect, like we're talking, but guess what do you think UnitedHealthcare is gonna say, wow, that was pretty fucked up of us. Maybe, maybe we should abandon some of this profit and help some of these people. Or do you think they're just gonna take a CEO of another competitive brand, plug that motherfucker right back into that position and go back to business as usual?


And Does it load up on Security? The Yeah, sure. That's it. Sure. The only thing that changes is now the CEO's baby girls grow up without a father wife grows up, You know, ages without a husband. Luigi Mangione gets mangione in the asshole. Yeah. For the rest of his fucking days on this planet. And Twitter changes the subject two days from now when Elon farts at the border. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, nothing fucking changes, bro. You didn't, you didn't, you didn't rock the system. You didn't do shit. Yeah. You just became the meme for 2024 and now you're in prison forever.


Yeah. So like, so like, dude, there's a lot of shit in this world that we hate, that we, that we can't stand. A lot of policy that we don't agree with. But, but this should be a lesson that, like you, you're not gonna earn it through blood, dude. It's just, it, it don't work like that anymore. Used to. There was a time back when you, there was 2200 people in a village and there was one bad medicine man, and you could stab him, then maybe it would fix something. It's just, things are too cha. Things have changed too much now. Well said Mike. Well said. Well, do you agree with that? That la that last part there? Yeah. No, I think, no, That's the, what I was getting at. Like Is it justi? Is it ever justifiable? Is it I not gonna change anything.


Yeah. That, that, that's why it seems like a little bit of a futile mission. And, and, and, and, and, and incredibly shortsighted as fuck. Which is crazy for an Ivy League student. It was, it, we Lost it. It did Open up insurance's eyes though, because there's one insurance, I can't remember the name. I saw it because they were, they were po they were about to pass a policy. I think it was insulin related or, or Yeah, something. No, no. Anesthesia related. Anesthesia. Yeah. They, they weren't gonna do anesthesia after two hours. Like after the two hour marking surgery. You had to pay anesthesia for the rest of yourself. Which is what surgery is less than two hours. Yeah. Probably like the mouth. Yeah. Yeah. The other surgery is gonna be, Yeah. And then they abandoned that Change and Yeah, as soon as the dude got shot, they're like, so, So, so Maybe there, maybe there is Change.


So I saw that, I saw that and I was like, is there, is there also a chance that that policy was just gonna get shot down anyways? Shot down. Nope. That was policy. Crazy. You said that. That's Crazy. Your use of words. What? What an incredible shooting that's gonna be shot Down. Okay. Okay. Okay. Listen guys, that's it. We're done. Yeah. This Is a long episode, eh? I Well, okay, so into the Jay-Z assault stuff, so no, no, No, no, no, no, no. EF Thanks for joining us, dude. Yeah. Sophie Rained 40. Mike, We're done. Fun hangs. He's not listening. Fun hangs. So, so far. Yesterday, yesterday we watched the meteor shower out back.


He watched it for The, was it, was it a good shower? Very Great shower. Really great shower. What, What, what if we would've stayed longer? It would've, it would've been crazier. I agree. It was just So What was the name of it? G Gib. Gibon G. Wait, Gion. Wait, wait, wait. Gibeon. That's a Gibeon. Meteorite. Wait a second. Maybe the aliens are Gion, dude. They're here for the meteor. You have what? The alien, You and I think Bad Baha has one. Those Too. Yeah. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. That, that Meteorite right there is older than the earth. Right there. 4.5 billion years old, allegedly. Hold on A second. Allegedly. No, no. Who told you that? Ryan Garcia? No.


Grab the plaque. Grab Jorge. If you could grab the plaque right back there. This is always, I'll be like, how do You know that you, I Got a plaque. You and the plaque. Grab it. Say, so I, a plaque says I'm six three. Am I six three? Toss it. It's like Tommy boy. When the guarantees on the side of the box. Yeah. If I put a shit on the box, it says guaranteed are, Is it still guaranteed? Read it, But it doesn't say guaranteed on the Box. Read it. Go ahead. I'll hold it. Gion Meteorite an exceptional and massive specimen. Who, who, who gave it that object? That's subjective Here. No. An exceptional and massive Specimen. sothebys.com gave it that 4.5 billion years. Boom. Who was even there to say that? It was there at the time.


Sotheby's. Sotheby's was not, they weren't even invented till maybe a couple hundred million years after that. We're outta here. Thank you guys for listening to this episode of Impulsive. This is bullshit. This fucking bullshit. Joe. We love you guys. This was fun. Chopping it up with the boys. This Felt like a last thing. This felt like actually like the first old school boys home. Yeah. In a while. In a while. Like the ones where we actually used to go have fun and talk. Yeah. Oh, wow. Cool. This was a good episode, guys, we love you. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.a.edu/military.