
Ladies and gentlemen, it's George St. Pierre. I can't believe It. This Is such a surreal moment for me. I grew up watching you GSP. The stuff that you're doing in wrestling is pretty amazing. Now that I'm older, I'm watching him. It's crazy. It's crazy. 26 and two records. The only people that ever beat you were both named Matt. Yeah, It's my kryptonite, but I beat them after. So it's okay. I went hunting. You got Some deep trouble for that one. People, They eat processed food where they farm chicken, they treat them very bad, and now they're gonna complain about what I did. Did You know what the problem nowadays is with ai? I like, you can make someone doing a movie. And Now I saw you in one the other day. A guy that has a good spinning back kick, my friend.


You get hit with it, you're gone. Boo. Who are the best guys right now? John Jones. Tom Aspenal. Why is that fight not happening? You could say it. GSP. Go for it. Come on, say what you wanna say. All right, well if that, if we're rolling, then it seems like a good time for a chance. Yeah. Yeah. 1, 2, 3. GSP GSP GSP GSP. Ladies and gentlemen, it's George Stier. I can't believe it. The goat, that's the goat's crazy man. One of the greatest UFC fighters of all time. Dude, this is such a surreal moment for me.


I grew up watching U GSP. God, that make me feel so old now. No, No, no. This is still very young. Love it. You still very Young. We Googled your age this morning. Oh, Thank you, man. Listen, I, I I was in Montreal last time. I saw you, you were at, at, in a wrestling event. Sammy Zin was doing the, the, the grand family. It was amazing, man. Doing some flip and everything, man. Yeah. Sounds like me. Sounds, Yeah. Have you done, have you done gymnastic growing up? I, I have not. My mom was a gymnast, so she has it in her blood. And I think by default that's It. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But, but you, you've done gymnastics Well, I've started when I was like 28 years old, so I started too late.


Yeah. But tough sport, man. Yeah, it's very tough. But I I stuff that you're doing while you're in, in wrestling is pretty amazing. I really thought you were a gymnast on enough about Me. I gonna just Stay humble, brother. Did you see what just happened there? This man came on the show and the first thing he did was ask about you. This is the GSP. I know. This is a, this is a good friend of mine. A com a fellow commentator. No, It's, it's funny because he said that he grew up watching me. Then now that I'm older, I'm watching him. It's crazy. It's crazy entertainment, You know, at best right Here. So, dude, we're at Fanatics Fest here in New York, and man, have you walked around the floor here? Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. So it's huge. Such a big event. I don't know if you've met Mi Michael Rubin, the CEO of Fanatics.


But I told him, I just ran into him and I told him it's, it's really inspiring. 'cause like, to, to build something like this in the sports and collectibles industry that hasn't been done before is so cool. And there's so many young people walking around here who are like, You know, opening the first collectible cards or want to ve like a sports guy. People who watch you. People who watch me maybe. And man, like I said, I watched you growing up. Like I've been a, a fight fan for pretty much my whole life. And my whole family was obsessed with you and dude, George. One day we were, I think we were on a road trip, like in the middle of nowhere, and we went in this fast food restaurant and you were there, dude.


No, no, you were there. I I love fast food. Yes, You, it was a place that I was like, shocked to see you. And that makes sense. You was, Listen, was it at like 3:00 AM in the morning or? Yes, George. Oh yeah. After our club. Yeah. That's the best food. That's crazy. Listen, that's, that's the best time to have a fast food. It's after, You know, of course when you go out, have a few drinks Of what's your go-to? Well, I, I like a Putin. A Putin. It's a French put, it's french fries with cheese and a gravy. It's a French Canadian thing that we have in Quebec. Yes. This is my favorite. And there's different kind of Putin that my favorite of All the way you're saying that is slightly sexual. George Lling bear, honest, It's the best man. It's, but Where do you get it?


If you wanna get it, get it in the States. You can't have it in, I mean, you can get, so No, they have Some in LA. Really? Yeah. There's poutine in la but Yeah. But, but in, in us normally I will go to, You know, a cheeseburger or something, You know, a Burger with french fries. I know you guys are best friends. Maybe you don't know this though, but, but Mike actually has his own Burger shop that's, that's actually starting to open up. It's called 10 10 Burger. Really? You gotta try it. Dude. Dude. It's called 10 10 Burger. 'cause it's a 10 out of 10 Burger. He rates burgers and has a Burger review channel. Hey, I want to taste it, man. You, you should. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hey, hey, hey. Can he come to the Hamptons with Us? I'm a, I'm a i I I, he part, He part. Are you still partying these days? Yeah. Right. No, but it doesn't have to be a party. Look, I, I can't, you know, I love fast food. I can't pro proclaim myself a Burger specialist.


No way. A Burger expert. So I will give you really an honest assessment. Yeah. You never told me this. 'cause I, bro, I went all around The world. I went to my best Burger I ever had ever had. Okay. It was in Austin, Texas. You know which one? The NADC. NADC. Yeah. Shout out out Philip. Shout out Philip Shout. Yeah. He's incredible. Great Chef Philip with Sushi by scratch. And NADC Ro Rogan had a Burger there. Yes. How come you didn't tell me this in all our days working Here? I didn't know you were a fan of Burger. I didn't know you had a, he's, It's my whole Identity. So I wanna try your Burger. I'll give you a radio. I give you the anonymous assessment. Are you busy? Are you busy tomorrow or night? Oh, you're flying tomorrow? I, I, I'll be, I'll be here tomorrow.


Why Don't you cancel your trip, your trip tomorrow night and come with us to the Hamptons to a music festival? Man, I would love, I would love, I I have, I have commitment. I have to go. But man, I What's What? We'll pay commitment. We'll pay more than, yeah. Damn. It Is, it is like a, it is, it's, it's like a family thing. I have no choice, you know? Yeah, bro. I, I, I want, I want to do it, man. I trust me. I, I really want to try it, George. I know. I love it. Hey, hey, George. I'm a, I'm an, I love burgers. It's my go-to thing. And a lot of, a lot of people don't know that. Like, oh, you're an athlete, you're still in shape. Yeah. But it's okay to have a Burger, but as soon as, as long as you burn it, you know, like, I, I I put in the work. So What's your, what's your favorite kind of, 'cause it's a smash Burger. Yeah. It's a double smashburger potato bun, You know, two slices of American cheese, a sauce, pickles, onions.


It's Phenomenal. That's how I like it, you know, with a, a lot of sauce, a lot of cheese. No greasy, You know, done juicy. That, that's what I like. We should add GSPs Putin to the menu Too. Yes, bro. Putin, it's very good. That's Dirty the Way You're saying most of, most of American people have no idea. I'm sure it could, it could turn into something very successful, a Putin. And you can add Putin. You can make, there's, there's certain type of Putin. My favorite one is called a T-Rex. They put like smoke meat on top of it. Ooh. That gravy. And man, it's amazing. Yeah. You said, You said you bring up T-Rex, by the way, which there's another topic that we're gonna talk a lot about today. Dude. You're, you're, I, 'cause we gotta talk about fighting, obviously, but you're just a, you're a dinosaur fanatic, no pun intended, for lack of a better word.


You're a dinosaur fanatic. And so is Logan. Did You know this? I really, I didn't know. I didn't know. Tell him What you Own. Oh, bro. I'm obsessed with dinosaurs. My prize possession is a, is a 66 million year old tri triceratops. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I have it in my, in my foyer. It's called, his name is Dudley. No Way. Yeah. It was found in Wyoming. And I also have a, a eight foot tall duck bill, dinosaur leg. I have, like, I Had Zo. Yep, Yep. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Hydro. So, and I also have like four T-Rex teeth. I love dinosaurs. Wow. I'm obsessed. And I saw actually that you traveled The world digging up dinosaur fossils. Yeah, I, I, I, I did it because it was a pilot for, for a show ah, called Boneyard.


Ah, it, it ended up not working because they wanted to make the show about me looking for dinosaurs. But me, I wanted to make the show about dinosaurs I wanted. So they wanted me to do, I mean, it was a great thing. It was during my, my break four years. I really enjoyed it. It, it allows me to travel The world and meet great paleontologists. Microbiologists. And man, I, I had a blast. I, I went on a site in, in Argentina, in Patagonia region. I'm not kidding you. I, I went there and you have to look where you step because there was full of fossilized eggshell of OSAs. Oh my God. There were thousands and thousands. It was Oh, it was an amazing site.


Yeah. Amazing site E Eggshells or like Fossilized eggshell. That, that have probably been covered by a mud. A flood of mud. Yeah. That now it's, it's, you can see it. It's crazy. How cool was it? Yeah, it was unbelievable. Yeah. And I went on a site, it was in, I think it was in North DA Dakota. It was a what appears to ve like sort of a, they don't know. They were like working on it. Yeah. While I, while I was there. And it was with Professor per Pearson. And it happens to ve like a sort of a, I don't know if it was a feeding nest of Tyra. So, 'cause they, they had like femur B bones of triceratops triceratops slash in break in f Like, but what could only be tyrannosaurus.


Yeah. It was unbelievable. And tyrannosaurs Tooth, tooth, every teeth everywhere was, yeah. Whoa. That's sick. You know, You know, they shed their teeth. They shed, So they shed their teeth multiple times in a lifetime that Oh, yeah, yeah. It reg, it regrows And, and then it regrows. Yeah. And the triceratops, actually, some people have named it the T-Rex killer because the triceratops and the tyrannosaurs tyrannosaurus are assumed to have fought before. Yeah. And sometimes the tyrannosaurs would feed on the triceratops. But since the triceratops has such a low center of gravity in those big horns, it could sometimes kill T-Rex. And they've been fought, they've been actually fossilized fighting before. There's a, there's a, a piece called the fighting dinosaurs, or the dueling dinos.


W if, if you have to go back in time. Okay. I'm sorry. It's kind of a geeky cover. No, I love, I love this shit. You, you, you want it, you want it to go back in time. And, and in all time could be today. Any, any era, which animal fight would you like to witness? Yeah. Outside. Outside of Tyra sores. Against tris. And which by the way, they probably fought in group, probably not like one-on-one. Yeah. Now we know that where they probably went like in a group similar to Lion against Bull, but which, which other species I, I would've loved to see, I would've loved to see GI at Theor against Titan Oau. How do they even fight? Because they're, they're both from, From what I've, I've learned and what it's believed, it's, they added different tactics than T-Rex.


T-Rex was bone crushing Yeah. Bites, You know, like it crush everything. But gig Oor, when it entered Titanosaurs probably went and packed and, and took slice of, of meat. Like, like a little bit like PIs. Wait, wait, wait. PIs and, and they gang up on one individual and then until it collapsed. And then they, whoa. Yeah. Yeah. And they, they, they know, they, they, they coexisted. And it must have been an incredible site. If, if you, if you could go back in time and see how they hunted. It was insane. I Don't think I have anything in my life that I'm as passionate about as he is about these dinosaurs fighting right now. Or How about, I'm so jealous.


How about the king of the sea? The mag, the megaton crazy pre prehistoric sperm whale. They probably coag like at some point, like en interlap in time. For Sure. Me, I'd like to see like a dodo bird, You know, get into like a battle with someone because they're extinct. This is a little fucked up maybe. But our, our actually like, kind of close ancestors Like Neanderthals. Yeah. Fighting like one of the other, like, what was before homo sapiens? Like Homoerectus? Yeah. Like, like hu pre-humans fighting pre-humans as like actual animalistic survival would've been wild to See.


Yeah. But we, we know that our species coexist with many different species. At one point of time, they had Neanderthals, they had de they had Flo, Flo florian. And, and, and, and it must have been like the Lord of the ring. Imagine that. It's, it's insane. You talk, you don't talk about race of human, like black, white, Spanish. Like you talk about the different kind of human Yeah, yeah. Species. Yeah. That must have been crazy. But apparently Neanderthal, from what they know, it was probably much stronger than us. So if you would've put neander all against Omo, sapien neandertal. Must, must. For Sure. Very. Yeah. Must have killed, killed Us. Very strong. I mean, The reason we might have, we might have win or, or now the fact that we exist and they don't, they know that at some point we had conflict with them is because we have tr truing weapon.


Yep. That we could True. They didn't have that. They, they, from what we know, they only had like spears, they went like, like a, a close quarter. Yes. With like, imagine that like, like And blunt and blunt force. Blunt, yeah. Rock mammoth and, and mastodon, imagine that you have to go close quarter with these kind of animal to hunt them. It's insane. It does insane. Dude, I was talk, I was talking with my fiance about this, like the, the, the comforts of what it means to ve like a modern day human. Like we, we've, we've forgotten that we're a species that we're spoils, bro. Oh, it's insane. Spoiled. Like, we don't even have to worry about survival. Man. Dude, 10,000 years ago, you're like fighting for your life every day. Sometimes I wonder if my great, great grandfather would see us of how we are nowadays, what he would think of us.


He would, would be Freaking spoil. A hundred percent. It would be disgusting. You don't To go, just go to your parents. Whatever. Your parents will say that. Yeah, bro. We don't even have to go to the grocery store. They'll deliver your poutine Right. To your your house, dude. A hundred percent. We snap our finger and we have food coming. It's insane. Insane. No, but, but it's, it's crazy. But because of that, because of how easy everything is for us and the comforts of modern day life, I think like humans have found other thi other problems to fixate on. Yeah. Like, man, like do you think Mikey, do you think like anxiety and depression like existed? No, I don't. So a hundred years Ago, I mean, I think, I think it, it probably existed, but it wasn't like a a a centerpiece of Your life.


You're trying to live. You're trying to Alive. Yeah. Yeah. It was based on your nervous system and your fight or flight. And like, oh my God, there's a, a bird trying to, a odile trying to steal my baby right now. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've gotta fight this thing that would give you anxiety. But like your homework or like, the fact that you have to go buy produce at the grocery store probably wouldn't give you anxiety. Nah. I, I think the stress must have been different. It must have been way more intense that what we experienced today. 'cause you're fighting literally for your life. Yeah. But they probably didn't have the same stupid problem and like, You know, long, long-term stress that we have. Yeah. Always on. Yeah. Like Paying, paying your rent or whatever.


Stress like that. Most people deal with, they, they, they add stress that like, am I, am I gonna live or die? Am I gonna eat tomorrow or not? Yeah. You know, I need to feed my family like this sort of thing. Hey, am I lling bear killed by the, the tribe or next door? You know,


Baseball season is in full swing, pun intended. And the music festivals are here for all your live event tickets. There's only one place you need to be. You already know it's seat geek with over 28 million downloads. Seat Geek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events every single day on SeatGeek, including concerts, sporting events, music festivals, and of course Raw SmackDown, WE premium live events and more. They put all the tickets across the web in one place to make sure you're getting a good deal. And each ticket is graded to make sure that you get a good deal. Look for the green dots. Green means good. Red means Thanks Mike. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. And, You know, it came through. For you guys, as per usual, use my code Logan 10 for 10% off tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off your purchase with promo code Logan 10. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app. Shout out SeatGeek back to the Show.


My industry that I gravitate in mixed martial art is crazy. And I was always good to put the shield around myself. 'cause a lot of people, there's a lot of psychological warfare in in our sport, and people try to get to you. They can't get to you physically. They try to make you derail. You know, mentally we've seen that. A good example of that was when Jose, Jose do fought Conor McGregor. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Conor McGregor. What he did was he planned it. He planned it. And, and Jose do went crazy. Tried to, he was, yeah. Look what happened. 12 Seconds, You know, such a smart strategy, especially for a fighter. Look, look what happened with Conor McGregor and Kabib.


Same thing. You know, when like Connor went after, I think he said something about his family. And so, yeah. So I, soon you expose these things, especially in mixed martial art, the G guys will do anything to get to you. Yeah. Because it's not like a game like baseball, football. The, the outcome of a loss has, it's, could be way more dramatic so people will do anything for you. For Sure. For I, it's a very dirty, dirty industry. Oh, it's insane. I experienced it myself. And if I were like, weak minded or didn't have the mental fortitude that I've earned from, from the years of being subject to judgment on the internet, it would've taken a toll on me. But like, this is just another walk in the park. But it happens because I think a lot of people aren't used to being attacked like that online.


Especially with the people you love most. My, my business partner, KSI actually, not to blow up a spot, but has like a similar mentality. And like I've always, I've always respected the ability to keep the most cherished parts of your life private. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's smart. I, I learned at the very young age to put a shield around myself. Because the reason why I started martial art, the first reason why I started is because of a, it was a, for a self-defense purpose, I was bullied at school and I needed to learn self-defense. Then self-defense transformed into a passion. Then it transformed into a way I earn a living. But because I learned how to deal with mental warfare, You know, bullying at a very young age, I was, it was a very experience, very negative experience at a very young age, but transform into something that was very positive later on in my life.


Because I learned how to, to, to make a shield and, You know, to, to not be affected by that later on in my career as a, as a mixed martial art fighter. I'm sure it affected your confidence as well, learning mixed martial arts. It did. I wish I could tell you I Got rid of my bullying problem when I was young because I beat up all the bully. But that's not how it happened. I, I, martial art helped me because it, at the time, I was always complaining about myself. I was a very different person and I wanted to change my environment. But what I realized is that before changing my environment, because my environments, I have no, no control over it.


Sometime I need to change myself from the inside out. And when I realized that, and when I did that, my environment changed and it changed my life. Dude, we, we gotta go through some of these stats, man. I was, I was about to say, man, it changed your life in AMA two time. UFC welterweight champion UFC, middleweight champion, dude, fourth fighter in UFC history to hold to Champ, Champ two, hold two titles in two different weight classes. Nine title defenses, UFC, hall of Fame 20 19, 26 and two records. And a multi division UFC champion. And the only people that ever beat you were both named Matt. Yeah, I do You have a pro? Do you, that's, do you hate the name Matthew does it?


Man, it's my kryptonite, bro. But I beat them after, so it's Okay. I settled a scar, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it seems to me like I have a, it's my kryptonite, I guess it's my Achilles, You know? Are you the, would you say that you are at least in contention to be one of the greatest UFC fighters of all time? Yeah, I did. I did very well. I, I, it's very subjective, You know, the, for me, the greatest of all time, and it was Royce Royce Gracie, I grew up like I was a teenager. I, when I saw him win the first tournament of the UUFC, he really inspired me. And at that time there was no weight class. There was, there were no rules, right? Yeah. You could literally like headbutt, like do do everything you want except like, I gouge, stuff like that.


But the sport was different when you used to watch the sport at the time it was different. The, you thought that someone might die, You know, like it was insane. And the referee were quite incompetent by then. You know, like you see a, a pile of blood, like behind someone's head that was, that just got knocked out on the floor. It, it was a different era. So for me, Roy Gracie is the greatest. Of course, if you put him in a, in the octagon nowadays, he would not do so well Nowadays. No. But for time, for, for his time for me is the best. Are you watching the product now? Absolutely. I don't watch it as much as I used to, but I, I still like to watch the best guys.


'cause I can learn From them. Who are the best guys right now? Oh, there's a, there's a few guys I love, I love to watch, I love John Jones. Tom Aspenal, I love. Oh, where do you mention both of them at the same time? Like that? Of course you put 'em together. Well, they need to fight to find out who's the best guy. GSP. Why is that fight not happening? Well, it could be for two reason. It's either that John Jones is using a strategy to, to, for, to have more money. You could say it GSP go for it. Im not say what you wanna say, but, but, but I think that's why he's doing it. Okay. You know, if he's doing it just to all the title to, to, you know, to to, to serve the way this is not, and, and he, if he has no intention of coming back, that's not right.


You know? But if he does it for, as, as a strategy to have more money, I, I couldn't, I can't understand why. But I think that the UFC needs to do something to, to get things moving. Either pay him what he wants or, You know, like make negotiation happen or, or You know, get things moving. Do you, because athletes as, as a window, they can't wait forever. And when that window is passed, your moneymaking machine is, is broke. It's finished. Yeah. Do you think that's a fight that the UFC needs right now? Well, there, there's a lot of other fights to make. Like all Elia Rio, they have Islam, ak, they, they have like Mira that I, there's so many guys that are very fun to watch.


Islam, achi, it comes up. She may, yeah. There's so many stars. I, I think it's, as a, as a fan, I would've loved to see this fight. It's just fan if John Jones really want to do this, and if the UFC need UFC needs to take action, you know, like set at the, at the table with John Jones seriously. And, and, and commit and make it happen. Or either, You know, move on. You know, it Doesn't seem like John really likes the topic very much. He, he actually walked off a podcast, the full sentence show the other day because he got asked about the topic and really he was like, yeah, I'm done here. And just kind of got up and walked off. Tom loves talking about it. Yeah, of course.


Because he is young and hungry. But you UFC needs to do something, You know, like, and, and I think John's John needs to give his price what he wants because, You know, he deserves it. I think I, I believe we're athletes in mixed martial arts and UFC and all mixed martial, martial are underpaid. They, You know, and, and it's, it's sort of a re relatively of a new sport. And it's like any other sport. It's started bad for the, the, the performer, the, the, the players, the, the athletes. But it gets better over time. And I think John has an opportunity or also, not only for himself, but for other athletes to make, to raise the bar for, for everyone. So he should take advantage of it.


Do You think that the UFC is currently having what some are calling a superstar problem in that they have a lack of people who create the big money fights like Conor McGregor? Because some would say that although it could be argued that UFC fighters are generally underpaid. Is there an argument that it's kind of, you get what you get, what you, you get what you give, bring in and what you bring in, you know, because like what everyone wants to watch the Conna McGregor fight. 'cause when he is not in the octagon, he's got a lot to say and it's very entertaining. Right? Yeah. And John Jones has made his name for himself. He's controversial. We wanna see what he wants to do next.


Yeah. He's this badass fighter. And so like, You know, these guys who, who have transcended just UFC, but do you think maybe the UFC at the moment has a lot of guys who would, who are really good fighters, but maybe ultimately might not be that much of a draw for people who aren't fight Fans? That's interesting. I I mean, Connie McGregor, I believe he is an, he's an an anal. Yeah. You know, he, he he's the most popular fight. Yeah. And then he, I don't, You know, love me, hate me, but don't ignore me was he did something like, was unbelievable. It's hard to try to recreate that. You know? It, it will happen at one point for Sure. You know, the record are made to be broken. But right now, because nobody can do what Connor have done, I don't think it, it's because they're, they don't have any stars.


They, they have stars. You know, they add Sean O'Malley, but now Sean O'Malley lost. Yeah. They had a Israeli ade. He lost a few times. It's unfortunate for UFC because he was a big name Perra, same thing. Just lost. Like, Do you think when that happens, Dana's sitting octagon ringside and he's like, damn it, Son of them. As a business man, I have to be honest, as a businessman, I think the goal of UFC is to make money. Yeah. Number one. It, it's not good for them because if one of, one of their superstar lose is not good. But on the other side, I don't think they necessarily try to give, I mean, they might do it sometime to give a good dancing partner to certain guys.


So it, it, it, it promote them. But when you're a champion, man, you take the first, the number one contender. That's how it should, that's how it, that's how it should be. Yeah. That that, that's the difference between boxing and MMA. We always like criticize boxing because oh, they, there's guy that have like 60 and O 40 and O 30 and o like, but they don't really have a strong challenge, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The thing why, the reason why people love mixed martial arts is because when you're a champion, you're fighting the number one contender. Yeah. And, and, and it's not up to you to choose. And this should not change. It did it, it that how it was in my time. That's how it should be now.


Hmm. The champion has nothing to say. You fight who's in front and that's how it should be. UFC should take action. You know? It, it's, it seems like it's not, it's also not even just like a personality problem. It feels like now the strikers are all going down and it's coming back to like a lot of grapplers. It's a, and people want, You know what I'm saying? And you want, like, you got the Pakistani wave, you've got the, you've got rab like take down specialist and, and, and, and grappling specialist. And people wanna watch striking. When you see su go down, you see Adda go down, you see Parda go down. Who, who was a surgeon. Yeah. Right. Like that, that sucks for the, for the fight fans. It, it, It's true. But it, it's, it, it it's a cycle. You, you'll see, if you look at U ffc since the beginning, first it was the grappler jujitsu, then at one point it was the American wrestler.


Then it was the striker, then it went back to the grappler. It's a cycle. It, it, it's, it's, it goes by error. It seems to be that, that at one point, yeah, you have good wrestlers that that comes out. But then after the, the, the, the guys that are more striker gonna find a, a way to neglect the, their, their wrestling and, and to, You know, to come out with their striking, then the grappler will come back. You know, that, that's how it Is. It's a wave. Yeah. It's a wave. And, and I, I think the key to be successful in mixed martial, my, I never been the best grappler or the best striker. What I was very good is I was able to transform myself into the perfect nemesis of my opponent. You know, that was my strength.


And, and I think to be well-rounded is, is is the key for longevity in the sport because you, you, you have the option of becoming either the, the a striker or a grappler, You know, just moving the levers a little bit. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Is is that what you mean when you say you trained to be the biggest nemesis? Yes. What do you mean by that? I, when I, I mean, to to, to simplify the thing, I just simplify it to say, Hey, if you're a wrestler, I will strike you. If you're a grappler, You're picking on their weaknesses. Yeah. But let, but let's say, you know, You know, a guy is a, you're fighting a guy. He is a, he is a good boxer. You know, like you're gonna stay out of his boxing range while, while you're standing up. Mostly use your kick to keep him away.


And if he tried to close the distance, take down for Yeah, exactly. And that's What Marra that's what Mara did to Toho. Exactly. Exactly. And that's just one example of how you can fight a guy who's a good box. I, I'm just giving a, a very oversimplified example, but I was able to, to transform myself. But it takes a lot of logic. And, and it's not all fighters. Some fighters are very gift.


Call from Mom, answer it, call silenced. Instacart knows nothing gets between you and the game. That's why they make ordering from your couch. Easy stock up today and get all your groceries for the week. Delivered in as fast as 30 minutes without missing a minute of the game. You have 47 new voicemails. Download the app to get free delivery on your first three orders while supplies last. Minimum $10 per order. Additional term supply


Did athletically. But they don't have sometime the, the, the, the team or the, the, the, the, the ability to make the right decision or to game plan it. It's a chess game. You know, fighting is more than, than, you know, who's the toughest, the, the more, the strongest. It's about, it's about how you're gonna transform yourself. It's, there's a lot of game plan to it. And it's all, all this is made during the preparation. The preparation is key. If you prepare yourself the best you can, and it, you can say, well, I, I train hard, train hard. It's, it's, it's important. But mo what is mostly important, and even more important than train hard is training smart. A enough guy, they train smart. They, they train hard, but they don't train smart.


They work hard, but they don't train smart. They waste their time. You know, it's like a knife. If you try to sharp your knife, You know, it's good. But at one point, if you try to do it too much, you, you'll messed up the material and you end up with no knife. I've seen that happening very often in MMA say, the knife's gone. Yes. Yes. It's so funny. Not funny. It's, it's, it's, it's just amazing to hear you talk about like, the mastery of this craft, because that's part of the reason why people loved you so much. I think like you're, your dedication to the discipline and respect that, and respect to mixed martial arts is almost like this kind of old school way of, of fighting and combat that that, that, that may, may have been lost a little bit.


Like even when you're in your walkouts, you'd walk out with the gi Yeah. And you'd have, you'd have traditional, Traditional Like Japanese flag headband on. And you, you, you gave respect to each discipline in mixed martial arts. I, They, they can't do that anymore because of, of sponsorship bill. They have, unfortunately. But I, I believe that I was very successful. Not because I, I worked the hardest. There's guy that worked just as hard as me. There's guy, I was very athletic. But there's guys that are more athletic than I am. I think one of the reason why I was very successful is because when an opportunity was given to me, I never let it go. I cease it.


Hmm. Even though it, if it forces me to get outta my force of my comfort zone. And even though I was scared, I was not paralyzed by fear, I was always very honest about it. I was terrified. I was afraid. But I always, when I saw an opportunity, I take it. Even if, if I fail, I fail. But, you know, I never miss an opportunity to improve. I wanted to ask about your relationship with fear. 'cause you kind of just brought it up. And for fighters, it's obviously like a, a demon. You have to look in the face eventually. How do you handle fear before you go into a title fight? You know, nine times, W when I was young, I thought that later on in my career, fear will go away because I will get, I will get more experience.


And I realized that fear does not go away. Fear get worse. You're more stressed because every fight when you're successful are bigger than the last one. And you have more to lose. You have more people watching you. So there is more at stake. So it, it gets worse. Then after I decided to, to see certain sports psychologists, and they always told me that at the time my English was not as good as it is now. They were trying to brainwash me. George, stop saying, you're afraid. You're not afraid, you're excited. And I was like, man, I don't know. I would be excited for another situation, but not to, not knowing if I'm gonna get beat up humiliated, or, you know, to win the fight on Saturday night.


And then I, I realized that there's no courage without fear. You shouldn't be afraid to admit that I'm afraid. And the way you domesticate fear, 'cause it will always be there. The way you domesticate it, you have to accept it. Accept the fact that the fear will make you train harder. Because you're afraid that your opponent gonna get more prepared than you are. The fear gonna heighten your reaction time, your power, when it's time to explode, it's gonna make you better. It's gonna enhance your senses, your athletic performance. That, that the fear could be used positively. Of course it can, it can make you fold under pressure.


But the way you would domesticate it is by, by prepar prepare with the preparation. Mm. The more, the better you prepare, the better you you have, the more you have confidence, the more you increase your confidence. And, and confidence is not the absence of fear is knowing that you have what you need in order to succeed. Mm. And when you're confident, you can walk with a straight face. You put on a mask and you're ready to give it all. Because even though you're afraid, You know, you can lie to others, but you cannot lie to yourself. You know, you've done what needs to be done in order to be to your optimal form. Yep. And you can go out there with, you know, and, and empty mind and, and you know, be be ready to face anything.


Did you, did you have fun? 'cause we've talked to a, we've had a lot of fighters on the show. You've been very blessed and had a lot of great fighters on the show. Did you have fun in, in the octagon your entire career? Or did you No, I, I'm, I'm a little bit different, I think than most of fighters. I, I just talked with j Justin Gaethje a few minutes ago, and most of fighters, they love to fight. I never really liked it. I, I, I like to win. I love to win. The, the, the feeling of winning the, the, the release of dopamine that you have is just unbelievable. But the waiting part like that lasted, I would say a, a few week before the fight.


And it get worse as to get, you get closer to a fight. It's unbearable. It is terrible. And that lasted, that part lasts much longer than the winning part. So if I look at it, it's more negative. There's more cons than pros. And I wonder what the hell, why the hell, hell, I did this, I did this because I want to use that. Add a, add a gift. And, and I was very lucky. I work really hard and I want to use that to buy my freedom to, to propel me where I wanted to be in life. And I was very lucky and I did it. And, and the the star were aligned. And I feel very blessed.


Yeah. You got that freedom now. Yeah. But we're never entirely free because we all have responsibility, you know? But I can go anywhere I want. I have a lot money to live for the rest of my life and my family too. And don't have to work. But you still do that if I Don't do co something crazy, you know? But, but, but You know what I mean? I have more freedom than I used to. I used to be broke. I didn't have money growing up. People don't know. But it was a very hard time back then for me. And when I remember, I remember where I come from and it makes me appreciate what I have now. Do you have a, do you have a, Vic, this is my last fighting question, at least. Do you have a victory? 'cause there was a, a bunch of 'em that stand out.


Do you have one that really stands out to you as like, the moment you kind of knew or, or the greatest victory moment in your career? I mean, there's a few. When I first won the title against Matt Hughes in Sacramento, it was a chapter of my life that just ended closed because I, I achieved my goal. Then I would say another one that was very good was when I had my rematch with Matt, Sarah in Montreal. Oh. Sounds like two couple Matt stories. Now I had to fight my demon. I had, because I, I lost to mats and I had a big drop and I had to climb. I climb, I was telling myself, I climbed the have rest once and I'm gonna fucking claim it again.


You know? And I, and, and I did it. I was very happy. And the last one was my fight with Michael Bisping. My came back, of course in Madison Square Garden, New York. It was, it was great. And, and that was the end of, of my career after that. Amazing. Did do you feel like you, I guess one more, do you feel like you have to write that loss? Like, so if if you get beat by someone, you, you have to close that chapter? I do because I'm, I'm crazy. I'm, I'm a little bit obsessive compulsive. And I, I, when you're, I'm not the same person I used to be. I, I, I mean, when I was fighting at the time, my pride, my ego was very important.


It was very important. I had a more pride than anyone in the room. I had, my ego was crazy big. I Can't, I can't believe that it's true, because I know, I know you and you, dude, you are Literally, I, I always try to, to stay humble. But my pride, my ego was bigger than anyone. And it's a good thing as a fighter, because that's what old me up in, in front of adversity. And when I retire, the reason, one of the reason why I retired, I realized at one point, because it used to be very important for me of what people thought of me when I was young. It was very important. But after a certain age, I was, I realized that it's not so important what people think of me.


What really matter is what the people, what what people love me think of me. And that's when I made peace with this. I was good. And I, I, I turned, I turned to a, a different chapter in my life. My brother has a similar feeling towards yours in terms of avenging a loss. He's got an 11 and one boxing record, and the one came from a guy by the name of Tommy Fury. Yeah, Yeah. Watch that fight. Yeah. Yep. And it was a very close fight. Very close. Right. Like a, like a point was taken away or something's like, just like, like split decision as close as a boxing fight could be. And Jake obviously super hungry kid wants to avenge that loss.


And I think there's a huge appetite for an audience to watch that fight. But Tommy won't take the fight. Ah. And so I guess is there any like, and I think we all know why he won't take the fight. It's a bit dangerous. Like, you don't wanna lose to this YouTuber who now is looking a little bit More like a boxer than he wanna say about it. Who's Looking like a world Champ and training like a world Champ. And like, I'm, I'm with Jake, You know, every week. And so I see the work he's putting in and like, I, I know why Tommy really doesn't want to fight him. Yeah. But like, how do you, it's maybe even similar to like the Aspenal Jones situation. It's like, how, how do you ultimately make that happen? If, You know, for Tommy, he got away like barely, right? Yeah. But for him it could ve like a, a a, an extreme brand risk losing to Jake Paul shot Brad risk.


I can get, I can tell you a story that happened to me when I just lost to Matt C and, and really is, I'm gonna tell you a story that that could be similar to, to what your brother is experiencing now. And I tell you what I did when I was, when I lost to Matt Cera, I was obsessed of revenge. I wanted to get my revenge right away. However, I couldn't because he, there, mat Cera became the champion. And there was other guys in line before me to get a title shot. But the only thing that I could think of was Matt. Matt, I was obsessed. I I'm obsessive compulsive. Like you had His face on a DAR board.


Oh, Crazy. I wanted to, I was so angry at myself. I knew I was better than this. I wanted to prove to The world. So one of the sports psychologists, Brian Kane, he made me take a brick and wrote the name Sarah on it. And he said, George, it was a big brick. He said, George, you're carrying too many brick. Now you're, you gonna, you have another fight schedule against Josh Kasek. You need to focus on the immediate, immediate task. You can't focus on Sarah because you're not focusing on the right thing. You, it's not good. It's very dangerous. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. So he made me carry a freaking brick in my training bag. And when I go to Tristar to train, I had to go up the stairs and carrying that brick. At one point it was like, man, it's getting very annoying every day, every like twice a day.


And I was calling him, I was, Hey, can I get rid of that freaking brick? He's like, no, no, no. You keep it, you keep, until that point, I couldn't take it anymore. I was like, listen Brian, I want to get rid of that fucking brick. It's bothering me. He's like, okay. So what I did is he made me go to the Han River with the brick, with the name of Sarah on it. And it made me throw the brick in the Han River. I know it sounds stupid, but it was an action that I did that add profound, profound effect on my mind. And, and, and when I did this, it kind of releases me. Yeah. I was like, huh, now I'm ready to fight Josh Khe.


And I, and I beat Khe and eventually I Got my rematch with Matt, Sarah. I, But My point is that if your brother keep focusing, and I know the feeling. I know it's, it's, it's half old and it must stink like fucking crazy. But you need to focus on the next task because that could be a big mistake for him. You Know? He, he is, he is. He's, he's dude, he's so mentally strong. It's insane. He, he wants to fight, but he's not, he's not hyper fixated on it. I get that analogy, Jeff Hungry for the next fight. Yeah. And he, and he and he is, that brick analogy is awesome. I get it. And the, and the, the weight of like, what it means to be holding that in your mind and to finally let it go.


I love it. Like, I actually think you should do that with your Sarah. Right. Sarah and Brick. And then I don't think I, I don't think I have, I don't think I have to do that. Dude, I was waiting. Good Lord. Wait, wait, hold on name. Wait, wait. I have no, wait, wait. I have a good, I have a good thing too. On the Tommy Fury thing. On the Tommy Fury thing. This is important. No, I know what, I know what you're gonna say. You know, You know me long enough to know what this transition is. Yeah, I do. But I don't know. I don't know if, I don't know if you wanna go there yet. Yeah, yeah. 'cause I want you got something else to say. I do wanna Go ahead. Go for it. I did wanna ask about one of the Matts Matt Hughes dude. Yeah. The Matt Hughes story is really sad.


Yeah. Oh yeah. The what, the, what happened? Yeah. Yeah. Man, that's, I don't know. It just, it, it just ins like, You know, again, I'm a fight fan growing up and you have this like, hyper capable, like badass human being who a stroke of bad luck in life. Yeah. Changes the course of one's life and like really puts your own humanity and existence into perspective. It's, it's, it's really scary what happened to him. He got hit by a train and Yeah. Yeah. But for people who don't know, I think he was in, in a vehicle and in a, and a train run, run hit, hit this vehicle and he got paralyzed and he, he was, he was supposed to die.


He was not even supposed to be to come back. And he came back. Yeah. Of course. He's not the same as he used Yeah. To be physically. But he survived. I think it, I mean, it shows how strong he is, You know, like, like in a way it's unfortunate, but it could have been worse. Yeah. Could Have been a way worse. Yeah. It could have been way worse. Yeah. I I I, I don't know why I, I, I just feel like, like I, I, I found out about that story and like, I pray every day and when I pray, I tell my God that I don't take this life for granted. And like, stories like that not only are like a representation of resilience and, and fighting, but it's a reminder of just how I think guess fragile.


This existence like can really be man, because like, oh Yeah. I, one, 100% crazy thing. You never Know. Things happen, man. Like, I, like, who did ever expect of Matt Hughes, bro. Hit by a train. Like, just insane. It's like You hit you, you zig when you should have zag or you drive, you drive your car, you get hit by someone. Not even your fault. Your alarm. Your Alarm doesn't go off and you wake up 10 minutes later and you leave like, it's crazy. The amount of like little butterfly effect things that Just, you never know. I know. I, I, I have, I have a huge, a great question to ask you that is, I already know what It is, but I was gonna lead you into it, but it's important. Okay. Okay. It, I'm, we're all talking about the same thing. We're going, I want him to do it. Are, are we doing it now or it, do you want me that Go for it.


Your chance. We can this your chance. Alright. I know we have another thing In common outside of the Dinosaurs and, and the Fighting and cheeseburgers. So there's a, I have a source that told me that you have, at one point in time you had a secret camera on your jacket. Correct me if my, if I'm wrong. And you went to a, a guy's house and that guy refused to, to talk to everyone. But he let you win by a miracle. And he shows you the video of an alien abduction. And you filmed The old, you filmed the old thing.


It's very close. It's very close. I had a guy by the name of James Fox Yes. On my podcast. Yeah. He is a UFO film director. He's, he's an incredible, incredible guy. The project? Yes. Virginia Phenomenon. Amazing Documentary. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's very good. And he told me about this story, about this guy. I believe his name was Chuck Clark. Chuck Clark, exactly. That's it. He Had this footage of a UFO and the way he's describing this, this UFO was like, he's like, it's the best footage I've ever seen. And I'm like, I gotta find it. Like this point in my life. I was like, I'm going on adventures I'm gonna find. Well, we ended up getting in, in touch with Chuck and drove out in the middle of nowhere and he let us in his house.


And He, this guy by the way, didn't want to let nobody in his house. He didn't want to talk about it with no one, Right? No. So he, he was down to show people the film. Oh, okay. But he didn't want to disperse it because he felt like a, like a gatekeeper. Yeah. You Want, you mean he didn't want to give the video Yes. Away. He didn't want like, like apparently how he got the footage from the people who, the, the, the two kids who shot it, it was outside of area 51. And they went there to like, basically, You know, do what everyone does at Area 51 and like go see if they can find aliens. Well these kids allegedly like, did end up seeing a craft and did end up capturing it on video. They were, They weren't in a car. In a car. They're under hiding under the dashboard.


An orange oscillating light. And that Came, that, that, that went through the car. Yep. That, yeah. And, and, and so those kids gave the footage to like a news station and the news station guy trusted Chuck Clark to keep it safe. 'cause he had like military it, I'm not really sure about the, the provenance of this story. Okay. And like, it gets a little wonky. But I had to see this, I had to see this tape. Okay. And I also brought a hundred thousand dollars cash, cash, cash GSP. Like, I fucking love it. Yes. That tri say right now. Hundred. Come on bro. He doesn't, this is your new best friend GSP. You're my kind Of guy I love. Yeah, dude. No, when I was reading the PI was like, bro, we are, we have so many things in common. There's even More like completely Insane.


I love It. Insane bro. 'cause like what, I'm sure we could dive into this topic. I'll finish this story, but bro, the the like we are not alone. We are not alone by any means. I know you have a u Ffo story, but, But, but is that when you saw that, did it convince you? No, No. I was incredibly disappointed. Oh shit. That's disappointed. I thought It was going I wish you didn't tell 'em that part. No, you should have told them. It's like, no, no, no. I wanna June, I wanna what you just did to GSP was a Christmas day, he came downstairs. No, my, but listen, listen. I, the problem with me is that I want to believe, I want to believe, but I'm a u, I'm a UFO enthusiast. I like to dive into those topic, but I need strong evidence.


This wasn't it, because The, the, The straw. I, the problem is I'm easily, you can convince me easily, You know? Like, but, but I mean, I mean, dude, there's, in my opinion also UFO Enthusia enthusiast. There's tons of evidence out there. Like the evidence is there. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it's all there. You just have to like, look at it, piece it together, find what's real and what's not. This footage was compelling, not convincing. Okay. And I have to say, I was disappointed that it, it, it just wasn't what I thought it was Lling Bear. And, and I still ended up offering him the a hundred thousand dollars. He said, no, but I recorded it just in case, because I had this thought. I'm like, dude, this is like a video that will, like, It's a crime against humanity A little bit.


It's gonna like, progress the boundaries of humanity. Like, or like, like open people's eyes up to the fact that we're not alone. We're not alone, man. Like, put it out there, bro. What the fuck you doing? Put it out there. And A lot of people that have seen UFO took, took picture with you. So they rea from what it's described by most of the witnesses, it's not the same when you see it with your eyes, and then when you take a picture or video of it, because it's, it's, there's sort of a blurry effect around. It's, it's, it's, it's supposed to be the, the belief is that it's from the, the, the gravity space. Dark Matter. Dark matter. Yeah. Dark Matter. Can I ask you a question just quick? By the way, you should never showed it to him.


He wanted a bike for I know, I know, I know. It's, he wanted a bike for Christmas. You gave him socks. Yeah. You gave him socks. I know. I've seen this a million times. You fucking ruined his Stock. And Now I know, I know. The truth's. The truth secret. Here's the truth of the matter. GSP, the only person with compelling and, and impossible to argue with evidence of UFO existence right now is Tommy Fury. He's the only, I'm telling you, I'm not kidding. You think I'm kidding. He has an image. He really does. He's got an image of what I can only describe as a civilization above the clouds. It is a large, he saw it mothership. He saw, He saw Tommy fixture. I know. It's weird. All people, Tommy Fury showed. He showed Mike Ma, may, I'm telling you, I know it sounds weird, but I'm telling you, Tommy Fury is harboring more than just Jake Pauls ego.


Okay. He has, he has an image that will, that you need to see GSP and he's holding onto it. Yeah. Release the Clip. Tommy, Tommy, Tommy at release the photo. Tommy have it. It's the second time we've asked you, Tommy. We won't ask a third time. Okay. We will find your traveling family. We'll track you down, and you'll get that fucking image from you. Reach out Tommy. Jerry. You know, You know, You know you don't wanna fuck with. No, I'm not. I don't in trouble. I don't want trouble. No. I'll be so polite. You snitch. No, I'll be so polite. I'll be so polite about it. Trust me. By, but the, the problem nowadays is with, With, You know, AI and, oh fuck, like, like, like this, like all the special effect. You can do everything. Well ask, you can make someone doing a porn, a porn movie. And you don't even know what this, I saw you in one the other day.


It's an AI movie. It's insane. You know, likes crazy. So you can't believe anything anymore. It's crazy. But back at, maybe before to the 2000, that was, that was different Maybe. But that, but that bothers me. And Now I want to, this is what I really wanted to ask you guys. It wasn't about Tommy Fury's video picture. It was about now that everyone has a phone in their hand, always recording everything at all times, why? At least from my opinion, why have all the videos stopped? There used to be the nineties and eighties and nineties and early two thousands, there was always a video from a camcorder, a VHS map. Why? Now that everyone's filming the sky and everyone has a ring camera and everyone has a everything all the time. Why are the aliens no longer come?


My my mike? That's not true. I was gonna Say they haven't, There's tons of it. Tons. I can show, I can show you. There's tons. You show me some stuff. I have stuff that I can show you too. Okay. Well, you were, you've had some experiences that you can't explain regarding lapses of time. Yeah. And, and, and I've, I'm all, I also, that that was when I was young. It's called, it's a phenomenon that could be described as sleep paralysis. Scary. You're, you're, when you're in a state of semi-conscious, your brain can produce primarily DMT. That's the best. They explain it. They don't understand. This phenomenon is not widely understood. That's how they call it.


But I've also, later on in my life, I've seen something that I wasn't alone. When I saw it, I was with Russia events, Ali, AB de Mike Vandel, and another guy from, I was in Albuquerque, another fighter at the time. His name was Alejandro, that I lost track of what happened with him. But these three guys are known. A de a Dez, who's a kb, no mago manager, Mike van de very known mixed martial art fighter, fought Randy Kotzer and Russia devs, former UFC champion. We saw something, we were in a car, we saw something. I don't have the credential. I'm not an astrophysicist. For me, what I saw was unidentified a real phenomenon.


We call now a UAP, unidentified anomalous phenomenon because they've been seen on under the water, well, by very sophisticated military instrument. And this is a fact. If people don't believe in, in UAP, it's because you're behind Now. It, it's, it's a known fact. There is things that are flying. Well, the go is and going underneath that, that we don't know what it Is it Yes. Submersibles Yes. Uss Yes. It has been declassified by the Pentagon. Yeah. Like if you don't believe in UAP, it's because you're behind. Yeah. You need to be, you need to update yourself. It's a fact. It's a known fact. We just don't know what it Is. It is technology that we have that nobody knows a secret. You know, like CIA or a secret or, or Is it something from another, another planet or another dimension?


Yep. This we don't know. But what do you think you, What do you think? Man, I think some of it, I made a lot of, a lot, a lot of research on it. I met a lot of people. And I believe some of the thing that we see in the skies that we cannot explain are some are ours. Yep. But some are unknown. Yep. That's true. So, so the answer to your question is far more nuanced and complex than I think, like any of us realize it's not black and white. Yeah. Like it, all of it doesn't fit into one bucket. There's a lot of potential explanations here, and everyone I know who does deep research on this topic.


Yeah. It's gets more confused. The more they learn. Probably. Because there's a lot to rabbit on, and there's a lot of explanations for It. And there's a lot of, there's another phenomenon linked to UAP that is linked to it. If you, if you research UAP, you're gonna stumble into this. It's called ESP, extra sensorial phenomenon. Like we talk about remote viewing and stuff like that. Yep. The CIA spend million, millions of dollar on, on researching this phenomenon because the Soviet during the Cold War were doing it as well. And of course, publicly, they've said that there's no such thing. But a lot of people have come out. A lot of the whistleblower have come out and says otherwise.


And I've, I've known people that have seen things related to this, that it's unexplainable. Of course, I've been fooled before. They, they, I've been played magic. People have played magic trick on me. But there's things that are like, whoa, wait a second. Like, this is impossible. And you told, you told me you've had some, some like confirmations from people recently. I've, I've, I've the chance to meet different people in the industry. Some of them have, I've, I've work in a project link to UAP and ESP, and I never physically, You know what I mean? Like have any, I don't have physical proof of it.


And, but I have people that confirm to me that yes, they, they, they said that there, they, there's a program to back engineer and to research these, these phenomenon linked to UAP and also ESP. I mean, I'm very curious. I'm an enthusiast. But the thing with this too, I try to still logic, logic as much as I can, because a problem with me is that I want to believe, and I try to not be affected by, by emotions, because I want it to be true, but that doesn't make it true. So in order to be fully convinced, I need strong evidence. But It's hard to be logical in a field where it doesn't make conventional sense.


Like these, the, these things are like fully defying the physics we know. And or maybe like our, our version of science and physics hasn't caught up to the truth, which is possible. Like, You, you, you, You know, you know what is crazy about this? It's, it's a good point. You just mentioned the, the thing I saw in the sky when I was with Rashad events, Ali Dees, Mike Vande, and Alejandro in, in Albuquerque. Why do you Keep listing the whole Manifest? No, because I, I, I wasn't, I wasn't alone. And they, they can't, they can't confirm it. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. But when we saw the phenomenon, for me, it appears like a sort of a triangle, like a greenish, tri triangular shape with no edge, like rounded edge, but triangular shape coming towards us, then changing direction and then skipping away.


It lasted for me maybe 10, 15 seconds. But if you hear Rashad or Ali Abdel is talking about it, they don't describe the same thing that I do. Oh God. So we look like we made up a story and we're all fucking liars. That, that, that, You know, that's, that's why it attack our credibility to talk about it. And now I'm past that. I'm older. I don't give a damn. Like, I, I only care about I what I care what people care think about me. I, I, You know, it's important. But what I care the most is what people that I love think about me. And I think it's important. It's something that is very important. It's a subject that need to be researched more and take very seriously.


I see. I think it's the highest level of government classification. This is what I've heard. Like beyond the classification level levels of the Manhattan project, of them trying to develop nuclear weapons. Like, I think this is even beyond that. And man, we had Trump on our podcast, and I asked him about this. I did. And he was like, yeah, You know, You know, I've met some really nice, like, good looking guys who say they saw something. Yeah. Doesn't really interest me. And like He, how can you not be re No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no knows. No he doesn't. Because I'm telling you why. I'm telling you why. There's no chance he doesn't tell me why, bro. Because, because that level of classification No. Is way beyond president. No. Guys, guys. I'm not The president doesn't even have access.


No, no. He know, he knows probably A bit. Yeah. Tiny. Not, not all. Not all of us. No, not all of The, I I I, what I've been told by people in Washington is that the president comes and go every four years. Yeah. One of the guy that must have known, for example, is George Bush. Apparently he was the last president to have been brief, fully, fully brief on that, on that subject. Well, 'cause he's like a legacy family. Bush. Senior. Senior. Not the, not the young, the older one. But a guy that must have known, like there is people that must know the full, the full story. You know, like we, a guy may ve like Vladimir Putin. VLA Putin, because Russia. Oh, that. Those are the french fries you like with the, But vla, me, Putin, I know Russia, apparently Russia had a, had a, a similar program.


I'm sure he, he, he probably knew because he was in the kid. KGB or, or maybe the Chinese government, You know, like indeed those country, they have a different structure than the one in, in America. I'm sure they, they, they must know more. I just wonder how deep the rabbit hole goes and what is being profe protected. Like we're talking about alien ships, we're talking about remote viewing, but like, how far does it go? Like multiverse level, does it go? I think it goes really far. Do You know what I'm saying, Mike? I think it goes really far. I think, I think when you start to dive into the conversation, which the root of it seems to be, this is where it lands a lot for me. And what I watch and listen to and read and hear is, is, is consciousness.


A lot of it has to do with like, what consciousness is, or like consciousness based something. And it's, it's a really hard topic for like a simple human, like homo sapien mind, even For a smarter one To try Yeah. To try to comprehend. Man, it does. Like even man, like you mentioned with ai, like things are getting, things are getting so, so, so smart so quickly. We're on the cusp of so many rapid technologically Singularities. Yeah. I it was Elon says, we're past it. Yeah. Says we're past it. And if it, if it hasn't like, fully happened, like it's going to happen this year or next year, like we could, machines, machines will be smarter than us. And very quickly, like a lot will be revealed about the nature of reality, which is fucking insane.


But also so exciting. Like, I, I I, I, I don't know if I'd say I want to believe, but like, I just think it's one of the most exciting parts about being alive on this planet, man. Is what the I is, is the idea of magic existed. Yes. Some sort of illusion, some sort of illusion of life. Do crazy thing about the artificial intelligence and the ai and like the advent of high super intelligence. Look at, when you look at your phone and you look at chat GPT or you look at one of the programs that we use every day, and we're blown away by its it what it does, even just on your phone, shit. That everyone has everyone, every human. Can you imagine what is still being contained inside a sandbox in Silicone Valley right now?


Or some government research lab, and they're saying to themselves, well, we've got orders to keep it inside the sandbox. As long as it's, that's what they call it. As long as it's inside the sandbox, they can't get out. Then one day some idiot brings their phone to work and it's not in airplane mode. And that thing, bro. Yeah. This could all go south so quickly. Like, like, like that dude, I, I, I, I, I've said this on this podcast before, but I like, I fully believe that. Okay. Have you seen the evolution of man? Mm. Like the, the like first version of us and slowly going to stand up. Yeah. And into Homo Sapien. I think the next iteration of that is like a machine. Fully a machine. Oh, a hundred Percent. I think we cyborg serious.


Maybe, Maybe a mix, maybe a hybrid first. It's, it's, it's probably a hybrid of like a, a, a biological ai. If that makes sense. And allegedly as well, some of the bodies that have been recovered are rumored to be that the, the grays. The grays. Yeah. Yeah. The grays. It's, it's, it's like they're, they're not like fully sentient. They're like, they're like robotic, biological, hyper intelligent beings that per perhaps could ve like drones of the higher like intelligence. What are the possibilities you think? Like, let, let's, let's, let's put our, all the, Let's map it out. Us three, by the way, the most qualified to talk about this a hundred percent. Well, you and I, we do a lot of, we're like, those We're like those kids that talk about food when they sit around the Maryland. Okay. Number, number one, civilization from another planet.


Yeah. I would say last civilization that almost got wiped out. Yep. At a break, A Break off civilization at Ian or Ian that went hiding underneath the sea or went out and maybe came back. Yep. I Got one. A a a civilization of ourselves in a different timeline. Okay. Third, Offset a different timeline. Third. Okay. What else? Another dimension. I would say another Dimension is possible as well. Yeah. Us right now, a, a super, a super advanced version of research that took place around the 1950s Roswell crash, where Americans maybe did successfully reverse engineer a craft and are flying them around the sky and are seen by people.


So like, there's an argument that it, it could just be American as sim as as, yeah. As as simulation Super. We're in African simulation and we don't even know. Notice It there, there's another one that's close to that, which is, which is a, a a, a distant super civilization that has access to actually control us. We're simply sims. Which is, which is an interesting one, which is like, yo, you're, there's, there's so many theoreticals, there's, there's horizon theory where guess what? We're all just characters and GSPs reality. Mm. That's a real, I mean, that's a real thing Point. It's, it's a dream. Like, like we're, we're in a dream. It's, this is not even reality. Like different reality there. I mean, and there's maybe things that we are not even smart enough to.


That's the big one to think about. That's the big one. That could be it. No, that's the biggest one. We don't even know what consciousness is. You know what, I watched the video on, on this yesterday on YouTube, and there's a rating scale of, of the, the easiest way to rate civilizations. And it's based on their ability to utilize energy. Mm. And Right. I forgot what the term is, but right now we exist At Got kardash. That's correct. Kardash, You are freaking insane. I told you. So. So we Are, we are nearing a one. And, and normally not. We're Not, not even, not Even 0.7. We're we're 0.7. Right now. We're 0.7. That's what the official rating is because we haven't started to harness waves, earthquakes, all the, the sun itself. Yeah. But as you move towards, really, it only goes to like four or five.


But this video went to seven and it's like the last three after four. All just like super metaphysical. The ability to, the, the four would be the ability to harness every star's energy with Dyson sphere. Yeah. With a Dyson sphere. What, what comes with that subject when you talk about it? Acid. Have you ever, yeah. Have you ever done psych psychedelic? That Is the route I think about this all the time. The, the one way to enlightenment on this level is through, is through psychedelics. It just is, Dude. I mean, I've done, I've tried ayahuasca once. It was a very, before, Before you dive in, we were at, I think it was my brother's fight. And you and I were talking and you were like, I was like, yeah, how are things man?


You, you better, you were like, you were like, yeah, dude. Like I did Ayahuasca. Don't give that down now. Yeah. And then I saw you talking about it publicly. I was like, oh, he's just going. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Like, fuck it. I don't care anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, but, but, but I've, I've done it because it's not a, a recreational drug. It's, it's something you do. I mean, I, I'm always been very curious about consciousness. And I did it for an experience and I promised myself to do it only once. And I've done it, and I don't regret. And, and I'm very happy that I did it. And it changed me forever for the good. And the way I know if it was for the good or for the bad is because the people that I know, my close circle, they always, they all told me, and they're very honest about me.


They with me, they always told me that it has a positive effect. Good. And, and, and when you talk about this, You know, like it's, it, it puts you in a different reality. What is consciousness? You know, like, and, and I think it's important to talk about it because we talk about all these things. We don't even understand what consciousness Is it. The religious people will say, consciousness is your soul. The sciences will say, oh, it's the circuitry in your brain. What makes conscious consciousness? We don't freaking know. We don't know what this consciousness, When you did ayahuasca, did you feel more tapped into maybe what consciousness truly is? Yes.


I, I, I promise I felt that it gives me more answers, but brought me even more questions. And I promised myself that if I reach that level of consciousness again, I will do it. Not by, for me, taking psychedelic is a little bit like cheating cheat code. I think it's cheating, but primarily meditation. Yes. Number one, yes. There is way exactly that. You can do it naturally, but it takes a lot of work. A lot. And I think to have a full enlightenment, I think you need to reach that level. You need to work. It's like anything. Yeah. We, we all want things to be fast and easy. Yeah. Appeal. Because we don't have the, the, the wisdom to, to, to put in the, the work.


You know, we, we, we don't have the, we, we want it fast and easy, but that doesn't come that way. Like, everything in life that is precious needs to, we need to work. Wow. The, the problem is, I think GSP is like, I, I think humans are like pretty limited. I think we're a pretty limited species by like, what we, well, let's do the five senses. Touch, see, taste, feel, hear like what, like I don know if I Got this right. But, but like, There's like, there's boundaries to what we're like capable of understanding. There really is. When my brother de described his acid trip, and I've, I've done psychedelics as well, not I ayahuasca yet, or sorry. When he described his, his ayahuasca trip, he basically was like, when, when, when I was in it, I've, I understood everything.


Like, it all made so much sense to me. Right. And he, he, he did come back with messages, but then trying to describe that so hard in that what it was like being in that state. He doesn't have the words for it because they don't exist in the English language. Yeah. Yeah. Can you find any words? Yeah, yeah. A hundred percent. You, you, it's something that you gain a certain knowledge, but you cannot describe that for me. I'm gonna give you an example. What happened. One of the transformation that happened for me, it was my ego, my pride. Before that, I had such a huge ego and a pride. And I was at the end, I just retired. And You know what, when you're a professional fighter and you retire, you feel a little bit like your life is empty because you don't not have that high anymore.


Like a fighting. Yeah. That, that crazy feeling that you can never find back and add problems struggling with it. Even though I don't like to fight, I, I, I wanted to reach that high again of victory, You know? And it to, to to, to be a fighter, to be successful, you need a crazy ego, a crazy pride, which is a good thing as a fighter. But in your everyday life's not a good thing. It, it, it doesn't make you a better person. It can be also very de detrimental. 'cause you're not in, you're, it's sort of a selfish feeling. You're not in contact. You're not in, in, in, in, in, in, in contact with people you love as much because you're focusing on, on yourself, your ego yourself.


Yes. So when I did this, it's sort of transformed me in, once again, it make, made me realize that I should not care so much about what people think about me. Yeah. I should care more about what people that I love think about me. It's called ego death. Ego death. It's the most, it's the most profound experience as it pertains to psychedelics. But I, I wanna ask you, every psychedelic kind of has like a different outcome. And for me, the simplest one is to explain, has always been psilocybin mushrooms. Right. Every time I've had that experience, I've always walked out with the same word, one word. Connected. Connected. It's the one I, when I'm on, when I'm on six, seven grams of mushrooms doing a proper, proper like hero.


I'm the plant, the tree, the deer that we ran into at, at the place in getting started. Big sir. Yeah. Yeah. We're all of those things, we're just simply an extension of all these things. We all exist in the same membrane. Right. And you walk, you, you, you leave it and it goes away. And that's the, the piece you left with I'm connected to you. I'm connected to, to, to all living things. Right. Acid. LSD is a little bit different. Okay. It gives you a little bit of a different outcome. If you had to describe ayahuasca in one term as an at the output being one term, what would it be? Man, it's, it's a good question. But connected could be a good thing. I, I felt that if you, I mean, we can't, our technology does not allow us.


But if We can go back to the smallest, smallest, infinite thing, go back smaller, smaller atoms, proton, electron, even smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller. I think we're all the same thing. We're all sort of connected. There. We're, we're start us. This, we're, we're Is it what, what is ultimately what is God? God is you, is me. And it's everything. Yeah. Energy. Energy, I guess. Right. I don I don't know. I don't know how to describe, but it's a little bit the same feeling. I can't, that's a word, but it's, I have it here and I cannot put it into a word Because it doesn't exist. The word doesn't exist. It does. Exactly. But connected could be one of the best way to describe it. But it's more than that, I feel. Is it, I feel like the word unity comes to mind for me.


I don I don't know what it is, but like, sameness in, in sameness, in being whatever, like the word That that is. But like, man, I think the ego is a funny thing. 'cause I think most people's egos protects them. I think maybe that's why egos exists and You know, we're just trying to protect ourselves and we have this belief in ourselves and who we are. And you're trying to like, maintain that. Especially because we wanna look a certain way for like our, our species. And that's, that's super instinctual to want to appear a certain way. So you can find your place in the hierarchy of humanity. But I think, I think that ego death is such an evolution for a lot of people.


And it's really hard to get to, 'cause you either have to have like a profound experience like ayahuasca or be incredibly humbled More than One time probably, which I have been. And I've had that ego death unfortunately. Because it's like, it's a scary feeling to really, really understand. Like, we don't really matter. Like we feel like we do. We feel like we do. And maybe we do it to each other. We do. And that's great. But ultimately, bro, in the, in the scope of humanity and space and time, like, like we are such a blip on this radar. And that's being like Generous. I, I'm glad I did ayahuasca after I retired because if I would've done it before, it could have been very detrimental to my career.


You know what the boxer, I mean, I can't, I don't want to misquote him, but I believe that he said Dante Wilder. Oh yeah. He said that he lost is is fire after he did ayahuasca. And I can understand that. Ah. I think if you're a, a fighter, especially in combat sport and you're curious about consciousness and you want to experience psychedelic, especially ayahuasca, one of My, yeah, one Of my advice would be wait, after your career, don't do it. Because it can have a very di detrimental effect on you. Because you need that pride that, that that ego as a fighter. Yeah. That's what holds you up.


You know, You know, You know what's, You know what's crazy la last thing on this is we talk about like ai and we talk about like how how fast AI is Developing and, and progressing. But in reality, the most not understood or misunderstood or like, not yet like research thing is the human brain. It's really the last frontier. It is the greatest compu, potentially the greatest computer that will ever exist now. Maybe ai. I know, I know. It's, I know you're right. Usually you could make that statement like two years ago. You can make that statement and no one would argue it. You're right Now it's like AI's crazy. But we still know so, so little about the human mind especially and the human brain.


Just so little. It's like, we know way more about space than we know about what happens inside our con inside our conscious State. But we still don't know shit. We don't know anything. Anything. Yeah. We are, we are really still really stupid. One thing that is interesting for me, you talk about this and there's a book I've read about air mistress mis you know, and You know, you say that one more time. You know, it's a, What is, it sounds like, You know, macro cus and cus you know, like you talk about brain, you talk about things sometimes that are very small. They, they are very similar to the things that are very big. Yeah.


Look at the, look at the solar system. A sun with the planet. Yep. Look at the, to the molecular level and an atom. Yeah. You know, proton with electron. Dude, it's, it, it's Not. And you see that a mistake, it's a God shape. It's The, it's Thees shape of, of a sphere. Look, look, Look, the the final scene in men in black, the first men in black, the, the, the, the giant that play, You know, they play with with the models. Yeah. The, the galaxy. They play, they play with the the universe or the G. Yeah. It's not, it's not A mistake. Who knows? Maybe it's real or maybe it's not. We don't know. You know, you talk about your brain, maybe look the planet, the planet. Maybe it's a, it's a living entity. You know what I mean? We're, we're maybe microbes on it.


You know? We don't know. We don't, Who knows if we are actually sitting on these couches right now. We just don't. You're right. And that is, to Logan's point, one of the hardest things about, oh shit life right now is the idea that you might have to scrap the fact that the five sensors are the only things you could rely on. Oh, you have more Imagine bro. Yeah. You have sense, sense of hunger. You have a sense, sense of depth. If I put the needle, you know, you have difference. Oh yeah. You yes. Crazy dude. It's gonna get weird, man. Especially with, again, the advent of super intelligence. I basically tell people that a any, any anything that you can imagine or can't imagine that is gonna happen with like, this planet will, I think it will.


Like, I think it'll explode at some Point. Yeah. Eventually. Yeah. Like, yeah. Yes. Shit is gonna get, shit is gonna get so weird, so quickly. Like, dude, You know, you know people are falling in love with ai. Yeah. Do You know people are in love with ai? They talk to the chat G Like that is like chat. GBT will you marry me? So society is crazy nowadays. Say, look, look, I I or society is transformed. Like, sometimes it's in a good way, but it's also in a bad way. I mean, I went hunting a few days Ago. Yeah. Oh dude, trust me. I Saw it. Look man, bro, you Got in some deep trouble for that one dude. What I, what I did, it was very ethical. It was a ethical hunt. It was, You know, I bare, bare meat is my favorite.


Favorite. I caption your photos. Right. GSP, It's amazing. It, it's, I went hunting, man. They went in saints dog in the small town where I grew up. They had a, a, a statue monument of me. You know, a little bit like Rocky, but smaller Smaller version. A smaller version. They went to, some people went to Van Vanda. Yeah. Why? 'cause you, you, you killed a bear. Yeah, because I bear quite a bear. It was a, a black bear. It was quite a big one too. It was ethical. It was my first time. I was very proud, You know, and I'm gonna eat the meat. And, and, and people, they eat meat, like, like processed food. Where, where they, they, they farm chicken. They treat them very bad. And now they, they're gonna complain about what I did. But G feet, they're they hip with, you Know, you know.


But you wanna know what they don't do with the hybrid chickens that they eat. They don't take selfies with 'em. That's the mistake everybody makes. Dude. I'm telling you. There's just no easy way to do. People just don't wanna see you posing with a bear, a zebra. You know what I'm saying? Any of those type of things, bro. This, this would never, it's not Me saying it, but just, it's people bro. People love, they, they dream up this idea of who bears are. They have teddy bears as kids. So when they see a bear, I grew, I grew up hunting. I understand it, Man. The, the, the, the, the death that, that bear as was very fast. It's probably the best death he could wish for. Otherwise it would be chased, chased down by coyotes. Yeah. For, for Sure. And w wolf and or maybe killed by other beer.


And the beer I kill is a is an old bear. You saw the scar on his forehead. That means he fought it. Nature is tough man. It's a bitch. And, and, and it was, I don't agree for people who kill just to kill. Mm. But what I did was very ethical. And, and it's a sport, You know, it's my right to do it. This, You know, we talk about it. I, if I go back a few decade, this was not a problem in our society. What's wrong with sometime with the society, society full Circle now. Because people are too fucking comfortable and they forgot that they're, they're, they're privileged to not have to worry about surviving. Yeah. And so like what can I, what can I worry about? What can I complain about? What don't I agree with that I want to be vocal about? And you're right, it is your right. Whatever the fuck you want.


If it's legal, and I imagine it is legal. I imagine you had a tag for the bear. Yeah. A hundred percent. You it the right way. A hundred percent. Oh, it's hunting. It's the way of life, right? Yeah. It's a, it's a new passion for me. I ne I never hunted before. It's a friend of, of mine, BI Bill Thompson. He, he has Parton Forge. It's a, it's a company. And he took me, it was my first experience. I never, and I start shoot, shooting after COVID. I'm from Canada. It's not legal. And I, I never thought I would like it. I, I want to be, to make one of my friend happy and end up loving it. But are you, You gonna eat all of the all of this meat? Yeah. Some I'm gonna share with friends. Absolutely. So At the end of the day, you're replacing meat. You would ate anyways. I get it completely, Bro. It's so good. Bear meat is so good up. Think, I think what it was was you're not, you're not a guy who, who killed a bear to eat it.


You're GSP and to a lot of people, you are a teddy bear. Okay? You're a very, you can get ferocious, but you're everyone's favorite Teddy bear. GSP. I'm A teddy bear, but I, I punch people in the cage. You know what I mean? You have to expect that to have some demon in my head. You know, that, that Is also, that is also fucking true. Like, yo, What, you know, What's worse? Killing the bear. Like beating the shit out. 28 guys. The the package come altogether. It doesn't come only in a piece. You can't slice this enough and only take one. I Bet you one of those people, I bet you one of those people that was leaving a comment on that picture. 'cause I saw it and I saw the comments. I bet you one of those people made the comment while eating a big juicy cheeseburger and not, and not thinking about the fact that, that that cow was equally cute.


Ah, You know what I'm saying? A hundred percent cows are Probably cuter than bears. Yeah. Who the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. They're especially Norwegian cows. Hey man, you can't please everyone, you know, bro, Can't please yourself. Most times, well, oh, you could. Yeah. Well if you do, it's because you're a puppet. You're, you're a fake person. And, and I don't wanna be around fake person. You know, I want be around real, real people. I have friend that that has certain opinion that I don't agree with, but they're my friend and I love them. And when I do something wrong, they're gonna tell me. They're not gonna tell me. I mean, what I want to hear, they're gonna tell me the truth. Yeah. And I think it is the key to stay humble. Humble in life. You know, humble, hang out with real people. You Know, real people like Boss Rootin.


Oh, bass is the best. Bass is the best. Oh yeah. We wanna have him on the show at some point too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. What's, What's going on? Have you been doing any more karate combat stuff or have you Yeah, I mean, they just renewed the contract. I'm waiting to see when it's Lling Bear. Next time. I'm more of an entrepreneur nowadays. You know, I have a own fitness equipment that, that explodes during COVID, You know, with base blocks. The pro line, I Got a, What is it? Base blocks? It's a, it's ales, kinesthetics. It's, and, and I have equipment. It's an fitness equipment. Oh, cool. Yeah. You can do chin up. Oh cool. If you can have it in your, in, have a gym in your house. Let's go in your home. I have also a food supplement Warrior Heart and Liver.


You talk about an like nutrition, animal nutrition. Like, it's from grass fed beef from New Zealand. Heart, heart and liver. It's animal organs. The most nutritious thing I Got. I have a online bedding be 99. You know, like I'm more of a hot sauce that just came out. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That I'm interested. Yeah. Hot sauce. It's a rush. And the, the, the kale, it's a, I love my food spicy. So I just came out with a hot sauce. I have also a clothing company that I just start still standing strong. It's more, we're inspired by people that, that face adversity in life. And a, a part of it. It's given to charity. I have instructional videos, I have GSP, what's going on?


Movies. I'm very busy. You fucking crazy. You're a conglomerate. But I say you coed. I I prepared my after carer. So the problem is, a lot of athletes, they, they don't prepare the after carer. So they get out and they have nothing and they, they feel their life is empty. Yeah. So I, I prepared it. I have, and I'm very lucky. I have a very strong team around myself that surround me, that are real people. That tells me the real thing. Not what I want to hear. That, that I have good advisor and, and I feel very blessed. You know, I'm very lucky. You know, I wanna ask you about karate. 'cause Karate's an interesting discipline to me as someone who doesn't really understand karate, other than these videos that I see on Instagram of like a karate expert versus like a boxer or like a an MMA fighter.


Yeah. And man, the karate guys are just getting fucking whooped, man. Whooped it. It depends if you change the rules, change the game. I give you an example. Boxing. It's a great sport. I'm a fan of boxing, but it's a very limited form of fighting, boxing. Just if you had clinching into boxing, it will change the entire game. You know what I mean? Your elbows. Yeah. Just in UFC look, look back in the days, you, you were maybe too young to, to, to remember this, but Mark Coleman Yep. He used to be champion in UFC. His thing was to take people down. He was one of the, the best restaurant in UFC take people down, control the inside, and they call him the hammer.


The reason why they call him the hammer is because he used his head as a weapon. Boom. Yeah. You, you, you're, you're no longer allowed to do that. Yeah. But if you put, bring back that rule, it changes. Yep. Everything. Yep. Because now the guys, they use the guard in a different way. They control the arm and you, because you're not allowed to, to hit with the head, but the head can be used as a weapon. Yeah. So as soon you change one rule, you change the game. Okay. So people will say, oh, boxing are better than this, or Karate are better than that. Or take one, like, boxing are the best at boxing. Karate are the best at karate. I see. MMA is well-rounded. It's, it's, it's a mix of everything. You know what I mean? I juujitsu it's, it's juujitsu.


There's move in jiujitsu that works in jiujitsu competition. But that will never works in MMA because you'll get knocked out. You know, I, the, the per the parameters of the sport are important. Is what you're saying. That makes sense. The sames the same thing. Look a ba a a baseball athlete when you go play softball. Have you ever seen that? Yeah. I've seen that multiple times. Guys that are very good in baseball, you, you think, oh, he's gonna kill it in softball. The guys are just amateur. He, he end up getting strike like three, like strike tee three time. Wow. Every time. Because the ball doesn't come like this. He comes like this under Yeah. And the distance is different. It's bigger. It change, change one, one thing. It changes everything. Same thing in combat sport. I guess for the combat sports though, I'm just talking about like a Hey fight, go fight.


You know? And like, and like, I'm not, I'm not sure, like, maybe educate me. This is the question like, like the discipline of karate. How useful Is it in a real life fighting scenario? There's different kinds of karate. There's shotokan, there's ice. Did cush kai, but I did different style. I did cush kai and point fight, I think to, for distance control. To learn the distance control. The point fight are the best because the goal of point fight. Yeah. You will see it's just touch. It's a one time thing. But they're the best at controlling the distance because, and they're so fast. So when I trained for Michael Bisping, I did a lot of point fight karate training because the way they move, they move way faster than mixed martial art fighters.


'cause they're, they're game is all about touch. They don't care what happened after you, you touch, because they win. They don't care all they land. But because they're so good at controlling the distance, I use that in my training to enhance the distance control. That so, so I, I can gain everything by practicing one specific combat sport. I can, there's always something that I can take away from it and put it in my pocket. TaeKwonDo people will say, oh, TaeKwonDo is bullshit, man. TaeKwonDo, they have the best spinning back kick of all martial arts. And, which by the way, the spinning back kick is probably the strongest strike that a human can deliver.


A guy that has a good spinning back kick my friend. You hit, you get hit with it, you're gone, man. It can, it can, it can kill you. A a real good TaeKwonDo athlete that hit you with a spinning back hit. It could be very little. Of course there's thing in TaeKwonDo that are no use for MMA in a real fight. But keep in mind that MMA, it's not really a real fight, A real fight man is headbutt eye gouge everything. Biting nuts. Like, yeah, like, like there, there's a, a record in, in MMA back in the day in ancient Greece used to be called Pancreatin. There is written record of a guy that used to take people's back and they used to fight back in a day.


By the way, the rules used to be different. They used to fight naked. And there's a, a guy that used to take people's back and what his thing was to break his opponent finger so he could def cannot defend the choke and go with the real naked choke. Ooh. So imagine how fucking violent. Yeah. That's some real Shit. Yeah. So imagine i I fight, I take your back, I break your fingers so you cannot defend. Yeah. Maybe that's just a theory. They did it for almost a thousand years back then. Over 800 years. Look how much it has involved over a only a few decades for us. And imagine back in the day, it was so important, they used to stop wars to, to send our best athlete.


Yeah. Imagine how good they were back then. Do you think you could beat a gladiator? I dunno. That's my point. I I have no idea. I mean, a gladiator is after I talking about ancient Greece, but it's still a similar era. Maybe they, they still had the, they had knowledge. We think we invented stuff. Oh, they don't know about Amber. We think we're so great. Man. They had that figure out along. Do you think they had their own Dana White, But they had ju Julius Caesar that Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but my point is, a lot of the stuff that we think, we know that we're the best version of humanity. Maybe it is bullshit, man. In terms of knowledge. Look at the pyramids. Look, look, look at, look at Beck man.


The, the temple. Like the platform under the temple of Jupiter. Sexy man. Machu Picchu, we terror terrorize. Oh, they did it like this with ramp and this and that. You ask some engineers. Engineers, that's the archeologist. But ask an engineer or a Mason about it. He'll tell you like, man, I don't think, I don't know how they freaking do it, man. We think we're the alpha, the, the alpha, the, the most. Like I think in certain sphere, in certain areas, they were smarter than us. Po po podcasting. I assure you that there was never a better Mesopotamian podcast. Yeah. No way. Like, You know, we are the best podcasters of all time right now. And if AI takes over, we will be second place.


Dude. Sometimes when I'm working out and, you know, training and I'm getting the right amount of calories in me and I'm, I don I get good rest with my sleep pad that's chilled. And I listen to my ran and like, man, I have this regimen that is perfect for training to become a, a specimen so I can wrestle. You think you can beat GSP? No, I was gonna say like, I just think like in the old days, like the gladiators are like, You know, in ancient Greece, the Spartans, how, how did they train and how did they recover? What did they eat? Did they have people preparing food for them? Like, you ever think about that coming from like, someone who, who is an athlete and has the comforts of modern day society to become the best athlete you can.


Ve like, how do you train like thousands of Spartan soldiers in a world where like you just don't have resources or knowledge of how to take care of your body? Or did they? I don't know. I-I-I-I-I know the gladiator were slaves. I know in ancient Greece, which was before they had Pancreatin in, in Greece. But they also, the the Spartan rule were different. Were even more rough. They, they had, you were basically allowed to bite to do everything. Man. I don't know. I don't know how you train, man, how much they must have had a much shorter career. Well, also That's, yeah, you're probably, I can't see any other Weight. No, you're probably, you're, you're definitely right.


Oh God. You're like, like, like late teens, early twenties type shit. And then, and then you're either dead or like cooked. But Also think about it too, like he's talking about like sleeping on like a cooling pad and like all this stuff to train the best. These dudes were kept in fucking cages. Yeah. Like animals. So when you let them out, their training was ferocious. I, i it was hunger and, and thirst. I, I think, You know, I think one, one of the key for recuperation is, is sleep. And a lot of guys, sometimes they, they tell me, oh, IF I've done everything right. I've not, my volume of training is not so high. I don understand. I feel tired. I, I, You know, I eat well. I how come I don't recuperate as well? I'm like, because it has maybe nothing to do with the volume of training or what you, what you have done as a training.


Maybe it's your life. We talk about the stress. The society now has changed. We're exposed to different kinds of stress. Think about it, when your stress in life, your cortisol rises. Yep. Your testosterone diminished because it's the, it's the nemesis and it's, it's like a cycle. You, you, you, you, you on. It's not that you overtrain you, you're under rest. Mm. So a lot of young guys in the gym, sometimes they come to me and say, do you have an advice for me? I'm like, well, look at your life. If your life is not an order, you have problem maybe with your, I don't know, your wife, your girlfriend or, or like personal issue, it will have an effect on your career, on your recuperation. Because you can't be a hundred percent, you cannot be a, you cannot expect to be a hundred percent if your, your mind is not right.


It's all connected. Your physique, your mind, it's all connected. Your emotion. If your head is not there, your the rest will collapse. Man. It's, there's No way I run it. You gotta throw that brick in the river. So I, yeah, but I, I think maybe back then they had, they had a different mindset. They had didn't have the same, the same stress that we had. Just diff different stress. Different stress. Yeah. Like We weren't, we were not meant to have this many opinions, this many people in our phone, our ear, our text message, all these stupid inputs that just don't matter. It was supposed to ve like 12 people in the village and you talk to them and you get your food and you go, you do your work and you go to sleep. It it, maybe life was more simple.


Now it's like, I Got now you need, you know, everything Elon Musk thinks. Yeah. Like, You know, when, do you know what I'm saying? We weren't supposed to know that he, that, You know, he thinks Trump was on the island or whatever. You know what I'm saying? Like, we weren't supposed to know all that shit, dude. I don't know. Maybe we were, maybe we were. No, it's true. It it, it changes a lot of things. I mean, I, I'm not an an in ionist. I'm, I mean I love society and I think it's important to have kids to, to to, to expand and, and to, to, to reach the, the limit of, I'm telling you. Yeah. It's deep Population is had like, bro, people are falling in love with robots on their, their phones and wait, wait till they're like, wait till they're hu humanoid and, and, and reproduction is lling bear a thing of the past.


It, it's simply will like hu humans will not be producing other humans at the rate that we had in the past. Oh yeah. And like, You know, it could take two generations before we like simply die out because we're replaced by superior beings that are just the best versions of machines. 100%. And also if we don't, like Elon Musk says it, if, if we don't leave the planet sooner or later we're gonna get hit by an asteroid or a super volcano. Or You know what, something will happen. Fucking Dude. Let him let it happen. Dude, seriously bro. We're lling bear. Maybe It happened before and we don't know, maybe it already happened. Younger dryers, bro. I don know. Yeah. Hey, hey. Have you 74,000 years ago, Toba volcano erupted.


All they, there has been many mass ex extinction. G are we in GSP Are we dead right now? I don Know you, you, you prepared to bug out you doomsday prepper. I'm not a doomsday prepper, but I, I I I think it's, I mean, it's always ex it's always important to, to foresee the worst case scenario. I I prefer to be a warrior in the garden than a gardener in a war. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I love that saying. I get it. I almost named a company after that. It's not me who said it by the way, But it's true. Yeah. It's, it's incredible. Okay. But okay. But It's true. Where's Your, where's your garden? Like, you, like, you gotta think about these things. I think My, my, my parents from a countryside.


I'm, I'm, I live, I come from a place, it's 3000 people. Oh, I hunt. I I mean I, i I just got introduced quite recently. It's a new passion for me. I, I, you know, I think it's important. I, I I like to live, You know, basic, you know. Yeah. Like I have a, you know, my parents has a garden in the back. Yeah. You know, I think if something go back bad, I go back to my parents. Okay. So you go home, I bring All the family and everything and let's go Self-sustaining. You got that bear meat now you're good. Yeah. For a little, little, Little time. Something to think about. I don't know. I don know. What is your plan? What is your Plan? You, you, first off, you don't say your plan. So that was What I asked you. Don't say your plan.


But I am, I do have like things in place and if I ever make any more money in my life, I'm gonna spend it all on being ready to bug out if shit hits the fan. 'cause I just, I just think things are getting so weird. Dude. I, I think, I think, I think it's a, it's a crazy time to be a, a human. I, I and one little tip of the iceberg could send our species into some sort of world war Catastrophic. I love how people, I love how people like always think this. But in reality, no. It Is always been the case. We have as humans, we have always been on the brink of something. We've always been on the brink of nuclear war.


Also also true was there was a Cold war. So true. There was World War ii, there was World War I, there was this, there was the Great Depression and stuff. There's always something going on. I think the best way to go about it is the way that I go about it, which is I plan, I plan to go out with the first wave of people. So I actually have no, I send the nuke. I live in the city that I think will get hit by the first nuke. I intend on. I intend on having no fucking strategy whatsoever. Put I'll you paint me as the target with the laser for the nuke. Like put the nuke into my face, dude. Okay. Y'all go and figure out how to live with uranium poisoning. Have fun. I'll see y'all at the next location.


Okay. I'm gone, dude. I'm out. I, I I, I, I think our ability to destroy The world Is, it is dangerous now because we're, because of technology. We, like, someone can press a button and, and the whole thing goes out. But in the same time, I think if we look through time in history, I think we live in a, in a time. I mean, it's not okay to say that because there is wars right now and there's areas that are very, it's unfortunate, but we live in a time where we have access to more resources. We, we, we, We can live, we, we live better now than kid that, than than kings.


You, you used to live. Oh, For Sure. Yeah. I can snap at my finger. Have food coming from Alaska that like a sushi or, and then with a Wagyu beef from like, like kings back then. Didn't, didn't have that. Of course not. Yeah. We, we have access to things that can enhance our life in a crazy way, but at the same time, we have also the cap capability of destroying ourself. And that's is very concerning. And perhaps that's why the UFOs are here now more than ever. Are you, are you? I Don't know, man. I, they, I think they've been, they've been there. They've been coming or they've been here for a very long time. Look, look at the, some of the, the thing in the past, some of this males a Hundred percent.


100%. They've been here for, I mean, as, as long as humans have or whoever has been recording history, like literally they're on the hieroglyphics of in cave drawings. But there's a, there's a really strong relationship and correlation between UFOs and nukes. Yeah. And, and the theory is perhaps like, You know, if, if, okay, so like we know gorillas exist and they're in the jungle, but they probably don't really know what we are other than we're like different, they're not really capable of understanding anything that we're capable of understanding. But we, We can watch them and make our documentaries about them and observe them and just like study them. Right. There's a chance that the higher intelligence is doing the same thing to us. Except, here's the thing.


Now the gorillas have developed nuclear weapons capable of destroying the planet. And if it is a break off civilization on this planet, or a version of us or humanities that, or humanity that has somehow gotten hyper advanced, it would make sense that they would be a little wary war of The world of, of us essentially destroying their home as well. A lot of people in, in the in ology believe that the fact that we detonate nukes, it has an effect to the, to the magnitude of the, the galaxy that we don't understand. Mm. And that's why they're, they're here because it, the data seems to indicate that near nuclear installation and there's even a report that has been declassified that, that are accessible that, that show that, that there are certain military base where they, they where UAP sort of, they don't know if they did it, but they knew there were UAP around.


Yeah. And they kind of, they couldn't, they they, they lose contact with the, the control of the, of the, and in Russia, there's an instance, there's a report that, that they mentioned that they activate Yeah. They, and turn it on. And they, they, they, they, they turn it on and at the last moment they turn it off. Danish told me that. And Danien is a real reliable source. Like he, if you No, That's a, that's a well-documented case. Yeah. So, so why would they declassify it? What would they tell us? That Is it, Is it like, like is Is it to distract us from something else? That's the thing. I don't know. I, I, I want to believe, but man, I, I, I need proof in a way, You know, Saying, I don't know is extremely powerful.


I Don't know. Well, especially for us, we're, I mean, dude, we're not getting any of the real data. We're just three guys. I have tendonitis From, You know what I'm saying? I'm more worried about what's going on with my elbow than the fucking nukes right Now. I You got any plans for tendonitis? You gotta, I've never had that before. Dude. This shit sucks, dude. I did too much pull like the row and it's like ripped on my elbow. Elbow. Oh God. What Can I do? Gt Wear, wear a brace at night? A brace at night either. Have you, have you ever, you don't look like the type of guy who will do it, but I will suggest you, have you ever tried fasting? I Do, I do intermittent fasting every Day, so, no, I'm talking, talking about the prolonged fasting three day, three day water fast. It will, it will help you. You know what I'm gonna do with that? Because it take it take, take away the inflammation. I'm gonna cheat the system and I'm gonna go back to Brigham Bueller and Oh yeah.


He is a, he's best Bri will take care of me. Brigham is the best. But you, you can do that. Or you do three a water fast. It increases your, your growth hormone production and reduce your inflammation. Hey man, it's, it's worth investigating, man. Trust me. And nobody makes money with fasting, but it, it freaking works. Who knows if We can here right Now, I heal my o who knows, You know, I had a bad ulcer colitis and, and I still have, but I have no more any, I don't have any my, any symptoms anymore. It saves me after when I retire, I, I retired. One of the reason is also had ulcer colitis and I was on, on every medication because it's an inflammation of the colon. So I get introduced to fasting and I thought it was bullshit when I tried it, man, it changed my life.


I wish I would've known that before. And Now I don't have any symptoms. I can drink, I can eat whatever I want. I'm, that's amazing. It changes me and it's worth, worth try. It's just So hard. It's hard, but everything is hard. Everything that is good for you bro, is hard. Yeah. You need, you need to, to, to put the, the work into it. Everything. Nothing comes easy, man. What's the longest things that comes easy. It's a cheat and you pay for it later on. Yeah, you're right. It's like that. My life, life suck, man. But that's how it is sometimes, You know, What's the longest you ever did you ever fasted Five days? Five. Oh, You did five. You know, I heard a one seven day fast could result in like a 70 or 80% reduction of cancer causing cells in your body.


I've read that. It's called autophagy. Yeah. Right? Is that What it's called? Yeah. Because your body, your body has no calorie to burn, so it turns it into itself. And your body, The bad cells. Exactly. I just did, I just did three days recently. I can do three days. But anything past that, dude, I start to get real. I I have no energy. Yeah. Do you, Is it all, do you do all water or do you add electrolytes? The last, the last I've done it was quite recently. I, I do four time a year. For me, it's the therapeutic I do before summer, after summer. Before the early days. After the early days. 'cause I like, You know, I like, I love my life. I like, I like to enjoy my life. Sometimes I drink at party and it's fun, You know, I train, but I, I am not a monk. But I, and I'm also paranoid about cancer.


I'm afraid about that. Yeah. Because in my family, there is an steric of cancer linked to a digest, digestive sym system. Got it. And I have a ulcer, ulcer colitis. So it makes me more paranoid. So I don't, so to counter that, I do fasting and yeah, I, I I, what happened when you do three days, if you, if you do three days, for me, what I experienced is the first day I have spike of insulin. I'm, I'm very hungry. It's the hardest part is the first, for Sure. 24 36 hour 24. 36 hours. But after that, the hunger goes away. But I, I become very weak. Like, so I do, what I do is I take salt in the palm of my hand and I lick salt and I drink water.


So it it, it helps me to stay hydrated. It prevents Try these dehydrate. Oh yeah. Try that. Try these, Take some of those home. Nice. Oh, Thank you. Rehydrate fast. I'll try. I'll try, I'll try it. That has the sodium, the electrolytes, no sugar. That's perfect. No. So you don't break your fast. No. Yeah, it's great. That counts. I, I, I live by These because it's important. So what happened is, is then you, you're hungry, then you're weak. But then the third day something happen is called the antar gatter reflex. You have a regain of energy. You are very creative, very ex very excited in a way that it's, it's like you're a hunter gatherer ref next came up because you know, your body needs to eat now. So you, all your senses, you drive your car, you pass by a McDonald's, you, you fill the freaking French fries Burger, man.


Yeah. You would never feel it in a real time, but because you're, you're in a fasting mode, it increases, it heighten your senses. And that's the on gatter reflex, man. It's very interesting. I love it. I'm ready to eat right now. I'm gonna go eat something right now, dude. But I, but you are right. A hundred percent Do it, man. Do it. Like for a few times it might, it might help you with inflammation. I used to, I have a problem with my toes. I I it's bad. I don Yeah. Yeah. I used my toes used to hurt me and I, I've tried everything and, and when I fasted the, the problem went away. It never came back. Like I, my information was gone after the three days and, and never came back. Now I thought it happened be because I, I, maybe I kick wrong at one point or, or something.


Yeah. How Many times have you done Rogan? I think I've done three, four times. I know Joel for a very long Time. I was gonna ask you, you, you have not only in Octagon stamina, but you have, you have podcast stamina too. 'cause you're, fuck you could, I feel like you're just warming Up. No. Yeah. You guys are Very, very interesting. And, and by the way, what you guys do is great. You, you give platform to, to people to be, that can be heard. You receive athletes and then Joe do does the same thing. It it's good for, for athletes, especially in mixed martial art. I'm retired now, so it's different. But, but guys that are up and comer, it's good that you guys give them opportunity to be seen and to promote themself pro promote their product and, and for that, Thank you for what you guys do.


Thank you. It's great. Yes, Of course. Of course. And dude, Thank you. Thank you for joining us and blessing us with your presence. What a, what an amazing episode. And amazing and just, and super cool for me being a lifelong fan, dude. Like, yeah. Appreciate your time, dude. Like George Stier, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. Yeah, brother. I, I, I never do this. I would love to get connected. Grab your number and just shoot the shit on The side. I'll send you some stuff right now that might interest you. Woo. Real stuff. Real stuff. Sick. Yeah. Sick. I'll you my bullshit, bro. I'm, if you're not, I'll feed you. I'll feed you with some stuff. Yeah, you should, bro. We have a little back and forth. Then I'll, I'll feed you with some stuff. Conspiracy theories. I'm group not group chatting Stuff.


Stuff I'm gonna say is not conspiracy. It's, it's good. It's, it's well dec connect, it's, it's, it's a it classifier and it's, it's hidden in plain sight. You have it. I love It. Hey, hey. Thanks to w Crew. Fanatics. W crew. Oh, fanatic. No, But, and the WWE crew And fanatics and WW fanatics Togethers and us and us Together and fanatics And ww together then now Forever together. Woo. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.