
You seem to have relentless hustle, a hundred mile marathons. Your shins are breaking your duct tape and your shoes together. How much of your will was forged by you Living with David Goggins? You know me son. I just wanted some of whatever he had. So I asked him to come stay with my family. And I, my biggest takeaway from it was, what's It like going a sports team? So Fine. But does it ever, no. Whenever you're gonna say it's no, it never gets old. Your wife, founder of Spanx, Selling it out north of a billion bucks, for lack Of better verbiage. It's not like a measuring Contest. No. My wife is way more successful than me. Both my parents passed away recently. Halfway through going through 3000 books, my brother calls me is like, we had situation. I'm like, what? It wasn't a book. It was hollow. It was this, Oh my God.


You know, I lived on a monastery with eight Monks that had been there for 50 years. How did An average day there compare to an average day with Goggins? Ha. Very different working with this kid, Curtis, who was a boxer. He wanted to learn some business and interned for a year and a half, helped me write songs for theme songs. And then he became 56. Wow. So when I had this company called Marquee Jet, we flew the who's who of pop culture at the time. The best athletes. The best entrepreneurs. The best CEOs. I was obsessed with their habits. The one thing that completely changed the trajectory of my life was You playing fantasy. I was playing, yeah. I've been to the same fantasy league for No Way.


You guys have cash prizes? I bet We do. I have a crazy league. How Much, how much cash prize? I don't wanna tell you. Come on. I don't wanna tell you. It's, It's legit. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like come on, Jesse. How much you guys playing for in fantasy? Like an amount that's kind of illegal. I mean, I'd assume so. Who's in it? Who's in it? It's a, it's a killer league man in it. Oh my God. Yeah. How do you guys draft? We Have a, a ping pong ball system and then to pick the order and then we draft that someone's house. Every year we rotate it. You guys all Go to the same? Yeah.


Oh my God. Yeah. It's amazing. Oh, That's gotta be, I think this is like year 16 or 17. Oh, way. Check, Check, check. I lost in the championship this year. So you're bringing up a sore spot. You lost in the championship? Yeah. Are we, are we rolling by the way? Yep. We're rolling. And we have been rolling. Yeah. That's so interesting. Yeah. I, I stopped, I stopped playing fantasy 'cause I, I was like, at a bit of a time suck. Like, I, I, I'd watch the games and I'd be like betting on the players hoping they do well. And I'd just get frustrated when they wouldn't. And then when they would, it's like, now I'm just glued. Have you tried regular gambling instead, like more casino based? Yeah, He's so, he's an addict and he additional weapon drugs to now. Yep. That's not, he's not lying.


Do you gamble that? I love gambling Still. It keeps Me, it makes me very happy. Yeah. It's dangerous, man. No, I don't gamble. I sport, I do sports betting. Yeah. I don't, I don't, that's not gambling. It's skill. It's skill based. That's investing. It's skill-based Mr. Itzler. It's skill. Okay. Okay. You're right. You're right. Hey, I'm Jesse. Use headphones. You Want me? I If you guys want me tos Only on, I'm sounding a little hollow too. Yeah. I'll throw some headphones On. Can I get the volume up a little bit? They're Right, they're right behind you. Cool. Well, how are you? How are yours? Mine are really Good sound. Your sound is good. Yeah. My sound. It's my, it's my voice too. That's not Check, check, check, check. Here you go. Are check, Check, check. A whole different world here. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool, right? Yes. Nice Man. You know, stranger to the studio.


No, I love it. I love a good headphone of Yeah. Volume's Good. Perfect. Let's run it. Have you been on Joe Rogan? I have. Man. You've done everything Jesse. I Have a while ago. What, what an honor to, to have you on our podcast. In your own house. I Feel the same way, man. Welcome. Thanks for inviting yourselves. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What a beautiful place. Stunning. Yeah. Atlanta. Wow. Hot Atlanta. Yes. They Were telling me it was, I said, it's hot Atlanta. 'cause it's so hot. Hot. The sun sun was beating on my skin. And the, he's telling me it's not called, that's not why it's falling hot. It's not why it's called that. It's 47 degrees out. It's gonna snow today. But the, it doesn't close this dorm and get frostbite. My arm's gonna fall off hot Atlanta. It's called Hot Atlanta because of the women at Magic City.


The exotic dancers. We'll call them on the show as well as the overall vibes are hot here. It's just a hot place. I like both those reasons. Well, you gotta, unfortunately, you are gonna have to pick one. Yeah. Well, I'm a New Yorker, so I've only been, I've been here for like 11 years, so, you know, I wasn't part of the process of, I fell into hot Atlanta. Yeah. But I think it's a combo. I think it's, I would say it's, it's mostly weather, but equally, You know, good looking women and the vibes. So I think you guys nailed it. So Jesse, man, you're a lot of things a multihyphenate to say the least. And I feel like I relate to you and I, I'm one of the people who like religiously follows your posts on Instagram because I love that you were a creative first.


You know, you were this rapper, you created the, the theme song for the New York Knicks, among other bangers. College girls are Easy, for example. Hmm. Listen to that one this morning. Wow. And then, and then you, you, you, you networked, you hustled. You became this ultra successful businessman. And now family man, your, your your wife founder of Spanx, multi-billion dollar company. Like well Let's get that figure correct too. How, because you did, you did subtract of 800 million earlier and she's going to feel extremely disrespected. By the way, How much is, how much is Spanx valued at? She sold the majority share for 1,000,000,002.


So that was a couple years ago though. So Respect to her. While we're on that topic, do you wanna hear a funny crossover Yeah. Situation here? Yeah. So I met Logan through a company called Love Sack through a man by the name of Sean Nelson. By the way, Sean Nelson is a nasty Yeah. Nasty Wakeboarder. Oh. Oh, he's really singing. I didn't know where you were gonna, I didn't know where you were gonna go with that. Insane. Yeah, he is really good. Yeah. But the funny for the audience and for you. Right. Like, he won Rebel Billionaire on the season that Sarah took second. Yeah. Whoa. So they were on the show with Richard Branson. Yeah. Good friends. And they're, and they're friends still great friends. And she obviously, I think Branson gave her Yes.


Seven 50, right? Yeah. And Sean got a million. Yeah. And then Loves, Hack's successful. But Spanx is like Uber. Yeah. So that was a show that Branson had that was like his version of The Apprentice Yeah. Where he had these entrepreneurs on and they had to do like crazy Shit. Crazy as shit Go down the side of a building. Insane. And the two finalists were Sean and my wife. That's, That's actually crazy. And he, he won. And then, but it was so close that Richard helped fund some of San Sarah's foundation stuff, which is really cool. Sean entered for the beanbags and he won. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. At the time it was just sax. Yeah. It was prior to S Oh, okay. Yeah. That's wild. Really good guy. Crazy Cross. I love That you guys are here, man.


It's really cool. Dude. I love think you guys are here. No, there's, there's a lot to learn from you. You were in Puerto Rico, you have a house there and we got dinner. Yeah. And that was cool. And it was so cool to just sit with you and your family and ask you questions about how to raise like successful kids. Yep. Coming from a successful household. And man, I just think there's, I just think there's so much, you're one of those people that, so, so much knowledge to pull from you. So that's what I wanna try to do. This podcast. Let's do it. Number one, I wanna ask you just about your mindset in general because the first conversation we had, it was when my brother was fighting Ben Asin here in Atlanta. And someone's like, yeah, this guy runs like really far. And I was like, how far could he really be running? And so I asked you, I was like, how far do you run, man?


You go far. I said, no, gimme your number. You're like, it's really far. And then I find out you're running like a hundred mile triple marathons in 24 hours. Like your shins are breaking, you're duct tape in your shoes together. And you seem to have this just relentless hustle. Is that 'cause you're from New York? Ha ha. Listen, I think growing up in New York was a huge plus for me. You know, it was a gift that I had nothing to do with where I was raised when I was raised coming up in the eighties, like different era pre-technology, go outside all the time. And I was ra and who I was raised by was the biggest factor.


My dad owned the plumbing supply house, worked six and a half days a week, You know, but showed up for everything. And my parents gave me a really long leash and allowed me to try a lot of things as a kid and would just super encouraging. And I had nothing to do with that. But I'll, I'll share a crazy thing with you guys, man. Just to, to, to talk about that mindset. Last year I read, I was on Instagram and I saw, I saw a post that said these are 50 books everybody in The world should read. So I was like, man, I'm ordering all 50 of those books. I'm gonna read, I'm gonna be fucking Jason born. I'm gonna read every book. I'm gonna know everything I order all 50 books. Amazon's coming every day. 10 books. Five books. Four books.


And this year, at the end of the year, I'm taking inventory on my goals from last year of the 50 books. I read zero. But I read one book last year. I'll share with you. Gimme 30 seconds. So it's this story. It's a true story. It's this story of a family from Russia, a hundred true story 120 years ago. And they were so poor that of the 12 kids that were born, six died before the age of two because they had no money to like medically. So six kids of the 12 survived. The dad moves to the states and sends one for one for the six kids to come. The youngest kid, the last one to come gets lice before he can get on the boat. They don't let him on.


They tar his head. They burn his frigging scalp. Yep. To get rid of it. He finally heals, bruised, comes over, gets enlisted into the US Army for World War I in fighting in action. He gets mustard gassed, he's missing in action. They find him in a hospital, give him a medical discharge, and he comes back to the, to this country, meets a woman, marries her and has three kids, two girls and a boy. The boy is my dad. No way. Oh my God. Yeah. No way. I'm one generation removed from my grandfather who came across, got tarred, went through all this stuff. So when like you talk about like running, doing stuff like that, you, I just go back to what my family went through love.


And it's like nothing man. It's like, You know, so you gotta, you have, it's very important for me to have something that like, you know, yes, you're in this house and there's all this stuff. It's amazing. But You know, it started with a, a family in, in, you know, that came overseas. So it's, it's just a wild story, man. I read that book last year and knowing that, not knowing I found the book in when my parents died. No, no, no, no, no, no. Sorry. Yes. You, you read this book Not knowing my grandfather wrote that book in 1974 about his life. I had no idea of the, of the entire history of it. How, sorry. How did you come across the book in the most insane way you could ever imagine, bro, this is serendipitous.


Can I tell another 32nd story? Get your show. So my parents, both my parents passed away recently, fairly recently. And when, you know, you guys are fortunate, both your parents are alive yet yours. So when your parents die, you know, I had my parents' house, my sister and my brother and I decided we were gonna sell their house. There's 90 years of belongings in the house. There's everything that they've collected. There's silverware, there's mirrors, there's couches, there's everything has to go. 'cause you sold the house. So there's 90 years of possession. So what happens is you bring in an estate guy and he's like, do you want to keep this or donate it or sell it? Okay, sell it. I'll give you a hundred bucks for it. Donate it, goes here, get rid of it. Goes here, they go through the whole house.


They get all the way down to the books. You guys won't fucking believe this man. You won't believe this. They have, my mom has 3000 books. I'm in Atlanta. They're doing this in Florida. Halfway through going through 3000 books. 'cause they're marking each one, $2 a dollar. My brother calls me, he is like, we have a situation. I'm like, what? He's like, the guy with the books just handed me a book. But in, but the mom had but in the middle of the book, it wasn't a book. It was hollow. It was a safe, this is a, I swear to God story. Oh man, it's a safe, it's a hollow book. I'm like, well, what's in it? She, he goes, well, there's old credit cards from 30 years ago. There's some cash and there's a note. I go, well, what does the note say?


He, it says a combination to a safe. Here's the address. If anything happens to me, get all the contents out of it. You're the only one that has this note. Oh God, I'm my, I'm like, my brother's like, I think mom left this apple stock at a dollar. Like I'm, we're freaking out a Bitcoin. I go, what's the address on the envelope? So he gives me the address. It's my, my summer home in Connecticut. A home I've had for 30 years. I'm happen to be going that coming weekend for Labor Day or whatever. I open up the safe. And in the safe is some miscellaneous things. And this book, Oh God. Oh my God. Oh God. Is that insane? God. Oh God. That's Insane. Insane. Any directions at any directions or inferred directions of what you were supposed to do with this Book?


It was just this autobio. I mean, there's other stuff in the state, but there's this autobiography that my, my dad or my mom wanted to make sure that, You know, we had or whatever. Yeah. Continued being passed on And, and the first line of it is, You know, my grandfather wrote it. He's like, he, it says, I wrote this autobiography, I wrote this autobiography for no monetary gain. It's for generations to come. So they know our story. And I love that. You know, because we always think about everything about money, money, money, business. And like, nah, man, he wrote this. I'm gonna give you guys like the history of how I came up and, and my whole journey. And it's 54 pages and it, It's a, I'm assuming it's a one of one. It's a 1 0 1. Yeah, for Sure.


Wow. Is it written in It's typed? Is it typed In It must've took them a fucking year to type it. Is It in English? Russian. Hebrew. Hebrew. English. English. Got it. Yeah. That is, would You ever publish it? No. 'cause he didn't want 'em. It, Ah, I don't know. It's like, it's only, and there's, it's filled with life lessons. Like, it's fucking nuts though. It's filled with these life, like subtle, like life lessons. It's wild. I mean, Jesse, this, I mean, it's in your blood, You know? Par partially. Yeah. I mean it just, I, I'm always reminded of that, You know, my dad was just like, he was a, he was a pretty, had a really interesting life too. Grew up in Brooklyn, You know.


But what I love about the ultra running is I'm not a great athlete. I'm, I'm, I like playing sports. I'm competitive. But I went to watch a, a a hundred mile run years ago. Like when the, when, oh, when Endurance running first started, I went to like one of the first ultra runs ever. And I'm looking at the people finishing the race and they didn't look like they were insanely fit. You know, you would think like, a guy's gonna run a hundred miles. Yeah. He looks like, You know, Goggins or this or, but like, most of the people that were finishing it were like, they weren't really athletic looking or even that strong. What I realized was what they did have was Will. And I'm like, man, I want to compete in this.


It takes away speed and it's just about will let me test my will. And that's how I Got into the sport. How much of your will was forged by you Living with David Goggins? You know, that was an amazing chapter of my life. I was already like in my forties at the time, so I'd already gone through, You know, businesses that work, businesses that failed. Yeah. But it, I learned so much from, they always say like, surround yourself with like-minded people. And I'm the opposite. I like to surround myself with people that I'm not like-minded Yeah. But have superpowers. Like, you know, I lived on a monastery with, with eight Monks that had been there for 50 years because I wanted to get, You know, again, part of being an entrepreneur is figuring out how to get from A to B the fastest.


You're in that game with Prime. You've been in that game, You know, your whole life. Like, how do we speed up the process? Yeah. You know? And I was the same way with my spirituality, man. I'm like, I've invested so much in fitness, but like, my spiritual side is like, it needs some work. Who are the masters Monks? I'm gonna go live with it. Where'd You, where'd you go? I went just south of Canada to a little monastery called Skeet. How long? I was there for 17 days. Turned everything off. No phone. Yeah. Everything off. It was in, it was really interesting. What, what was, what was it, what did an average day look like? How, how did an average day there compare to an average day with Goggins? Huh? Very different. You know, the Goggins thing was like, I was in a rut and I wanted to break out of it, like mentally.


And first of all, at the time when I met Goggins, no one, You know, he wasn't on, there was no social. Yeah. He was still in the, in the, in the military. And I just wanted some of whatever he had. I saw him run a hundred mile race. That's how we met. I wanted whatever. He had the secret sauce that made a guy like that with, he was big at the time. I wanted that to rub off on me. So I asked him to come, you know, stay with my family. And I, and I Got so much outta that. The, the Monks thing was like completely different because I was shut down from The world. Like, if there was, like, I wouldn't know if covid happened, if there was an invasion, if there was, you know, anything. So that freaked me out. Yeah. And I started thinking like, what if I come home and my kids don't like me?


You know, like you start to get these insane thoughts. But what my biggest takeaway from it was my relationship with time. And, You know, when we think about relationships in terms of people, how are your relationship with your brother, your parents, you know, but what you, we don't really think about our relationship with money, which is really important. And our relationship with time, which is equally as important because being time rich, I'm very time rich right now. And that's like amazing. You Mean freedom of freedom? Like time Rich? Like I can spend time with my kids running, running. Yeah. I can go for a run. I can make my own schedule. I can, I just had 10 friends meet me in Clearwater. I'm taking 12 friends to Finland to a sauna tour this month.


Like, I wanna talk about that after. Yeah. But that, that's, You know, really important so that your relationship with time And, and it's funny 'cause you say money too, there's a very direct correlation between the two of us. Very, very. So, yeah. So I mean, that, that was a big takeaway for me as like, how I viewed time at the monastery. Just, I wanna let you keep going, but you, you've obviously been so good at time management and you have one of the, your big ass calendars actually in the background Yeah. Sitting over there. Oh yeah. So when I told my brother I was going to dinner with you, he and I was like, you gotta look this guy up on Instagram. He had already ordered a big ass calendar and didn't even know that you were the guy who made It.


It's insane, man. I saw it in the doc. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I freaked out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I love it. He he's super, he's super regimented like you are with time. And it sounds like this was a manifestation, or at least a creation from, from that, that learning. 100%. Like 100%. It just, I'm, you guys will see you, man. How old are you? 29. How old are you? 40. So You'll see as you get older, like there's a big difference in where you guys are in your journey, by the way. You know, and, and it'll really hit 10 years from now when you're 40 and you're 50, you're gonna, it's like, You Know, 50, you're 20 away from 70. Everything flips mentally.


But it's hard to create newness, man. You know, especially now with the newborn and Yeah. You know, like your routine changes and like, where does newness come from? Because, well, And, and when you're, and when you're, the hard thing that I've always thought about it too is when you're successful, it breeds comfort. And comfort is such a, is such a disastrous thing. Like, it's like, you know, you think back to times, like, I think back to times as an addict or whenever, you know, living on the streets, whatever, and think about how welcome the idea of comfort was your whole life. You're like, oh, someday I'll, You know, I'll have this house and I'll be able to just coast, You know, and I'll be comfortable. And now, like, I try to fight comfort off as much as possible because it's so, it it, it's, it's the, the antithesis of evolution for the human spearing human condition.


Yeah. Like, it's, it's an enemy a lot of Times in many ways. Yeah. In many ways. Yeah. I, I'm super fascinated by your ability to, to keep thriving and conquering, or whatever word you want to use that fuels your drive given that you do like, kind of have, You know, everything anyone could ever ask for. Yeah. And, and, and I feel, I felt it in my own life. You get comfortable. It's kinda like, all right, well, I, I'm, I'm, I'm good. I don wanna maybe take a break for a sec. For me, it's pretty simple. I mean, like, you know, again, I lost both my parents. So like, I've seen, I've seen a different side of humane life lately that I see. But listen, man, I don't, this goes for Sure all of us, we don't want to be at the end of the, the journey and be like, yes, I was the 80% version of myself.


Like, I don't wanna be a B minus. So even though you get a win at 29, at 40, I had my sold my first company when I was 27. Had some wins, had some egg on my face, and now I'm 56. Like, I, I, like, I don't want to, I feel like I have so much more in me, You know what I mean? So I don't wanna like, have regrets that I didn't run that race. Yeah. I didn't do that. By the way, you guys might have seen my Jesse cup. I see you're looking at my, yeah, my wife made everybody in my family get cups with their names on, so we know who leaves shit. Like when they should be. Right. So this is the Jesse Cup. So This is what you guys have looking forward to. Fantastic. I I, I love what you're saying about the 80% and, and thinking about that the, the curiosity for me sometimes is not how I'm doing in the race, but what race am I running?


Like, it's like such a, it's, it's such a subjective thing. We talk about business for me, I think I, I I like to travel, I like to experience things, and then I, I, I oftentimes wonder about what am I, what am I neglecting in order to do everything in that realm. So how have you been able to balance all of the things, the business, the family, the personal pursuits, the marathons, all of that? These are good questions, man. So for me, what I do is I like to put things in buckets. This works really well for me. So, for example, and I do it annually. So for example, I have an adventure bucket. Mm. Like I want, we talk about being time, you know, time rich. I want to be adventure rich. There's certain buckets I want to beri rich in socially friends, health, You know, so I have the different buckets.


I have eight, You know, and you make the buckets that are important to you. And I write down like, what do I wanna accomplish in each of those buckets each year? And then I backtrack it in. But it's really important, everyone has different definitions of success, and that's a really good place to start. Like, what's your definition of success? For some people it's like, oh man, I wanna be a millionaire, perform 28, or I wanna do this or whatever. But to me, one of my definitions is being the best that I can be in the buckets that matter the most. Hmm. So for me, like family really important to me, You know, business really important to me, You know, friends, really, you pick those buckets and then you say like, that's really why.


And then, and then by the way, it also, by doing that, it gives you permission to say no. Like Logan, your biggest your biggest enemy right Now. I don't know you that well, but I know like you got a, we talked like you got a lot of big, you have a lot of ideas in your, in your top desk drawer that, You know, you have a lot of opportunities now. And you too, man, the biggest distraction for young entrepreneurs is distraction. Hmm. That's the biggest enemy. It's distraction. It's like saying yes to too many things. And You know, spending, spreading your time out all over the place instead of focusing on the things that move the needle the most. It's so funny you say that because I'm like in the, am I right? You're, I'm in the midst of this like, kind of exact conversation.


Like, I, at the moment, dude, I'm filled with ideas and I am sure you were at 29, you probably had a similar feeling. Like I, I I do feel like I have the bandwidth, do I not? I think you have the bandwidth if you hire great. You know, if you can hire your weaknesses and, and build around. I'm not a, I'm not a great hire, But it's not even that man. Even with it, when you have multiple things going on, let let's say that, I'm not saying not to do it, I'm just saying, and I'm not saying that you shouldn't be having different businesses. I'm just saying distractions come in a lot of different ways. Yeah. And they come from people requesting time. Yeah. Let me give you a simple example. There's something called the, so let's say someone said, oh look, I, in I, and, and, and it's hard for me to say this because a lot of people when I was coming up gave me time.


Yeah. So I try to give my time as well. But it's different now because you're getting bombarded with requests from DM texts, emails. Like, when I was growing, you had to like find me if you wanted to like, You know what I mean? Like, you had to like fucking find me somewhere. Yeah. If I wanted a meeting, I'd stand in front of some in front of someone's office until they walked out and be like, walk with them to the elevator. That was my meat. Like it was hard. Yeah. Now there's this, you're getting bombarded you, You know, for, for your time and stuff like this. What was I saying? What was I talking about? I think you were telling me you're giving me some very specific life advice. How To say, how to say no. How to say no to distractions and Oh yeah. So someone says to you, Logan, you know, like, Hey man, can I get 15 minutes of your time? And like, you don't want to be a jerk, You know?


So like sometimes you'll just be like, yes, and then you'll have a meeting with them or whatever. And I'm not saying don't take meetings. Yeah. But 15 minutes a day, there's something called the rule of a hundred. You guys know what it is. So the rule of a hundred, you can Google it, it states that if you, if you spend 15 to 18 minutes a day, that's 109 hours a year. A hun rule of a hundred is a hundred hours. So 18 minutes a day or is 109 hours, something like that. A year. If you spend 15 to 18 minutes a day on any one discipline, I don't you wanna learn the fucking violin, whatever you, you wanna fence, you want to be a, you wanna be karate, whatever, you'll be better than 95% of the world's population.


So if my kids spend 15 minutes a day this year playing, You know, mastering chess, and then 15 minutes every day next year, you know, being a, a ballerina, whatever, there'll be Jason Bourne too, by the, by the of, of creating. Jason Bourne's a theme here. But my point is like, don't be casual with your time, man. Don't be casual with your time. Like, you know, that cumulatively those, that that time that you put out can really move the needle in coming up with an idea or launching a business, especially when you're, when you're young. So Do you not relax every now and then watch a movie? I do.


I do. And I'm super spontaneous, but I also plan out the, the, the things that I wanna accomplish and put 'em on my calendar and, and have a plan. Is there A whole year on that Calendar for 2025? Yeah. I see. Is that, is there a lot of skiing stuff on there? Yeah, Whistler. Yeah. There's a lot of skiing, a lot of races. And I color coordinate it. It might look complicated, but it's actually very simple. When did you do this? And how and how close will you actually stick to this, to this Plan? Oh no. So what I do is I get, I I sell this big ass calendar. It's all 365 days on the year. Yeah. And then I put down, You know, the things that, the races that I have, the trips that I have, big school events on the calendar.


First, the things that are important to me first, because most people, their calendars fill up with other people's requests for time. Zoom calls, weddings, meetings, appointments. And you have very little to show for it. 'cause you run out of calendar dates and time. And I flipped that model upside down. I aggressively plan what I wanna do first. So Now I have permission to say, no, I can't do that. I'm gonna Finland, I can't do that. I'm taking my kids skiing. So, so my years mapped out and all I have to do is follow the script. Now I'm a little bit older than you guys and I'm not working as the same hours and stuff that you guys are. So everyone's sy system looks a little bit differently. But Yeah. And the backbone of that are two very simp, three very simple things.


One, there's an old Japanese ritual called a, a sogi. I I love this. Yeah. Of yours. Yeah. And the notion around that is you do one big year defining thing every year. So like, you should have something to chauffeur your hard work at the end of 2025. You know, and you've been doing this. I mean, you have a million big events that you've done fights and this and that, launching companies. I don't know you as well, Mike, so I apologize. I I'm Done. Anything. Okay. That's cool. No, I'm, I'm Kidding that No, I mean, look, you very Diff very different lives, very different lives. But what year did you launch the podcast? 2018 started. Okay, so boom, 2018. Yeah. I launched a con podcast 2019. So every year you wanna have one big year defining thing and I can go back years and, and, and, You know, identify what that was.


So I do that every year and I put it on the calendar. The second thing is, every eight weeks I take a day and do something. I normally, I call this ke Kevin's rule named after my friend Kevin, who taught me it. And I do something I normally wouldn't have done, like a mini adventure, for example, instead of like watching the Georgia football game, I'll take my kids fishing. Yeah. I'll sign up for a 5K I'll visit my college roommate. Here's why it's important. You're 40, let's say you're 40, roughly. Yep. Yep. Let's say you live to be 99, you know, 90, 50 more years. Hopefully you might, you might have won 20 on, you might have won 20 in you. But let's say you go 90. Yep. That's 50. If you do those two things, you have 50 year defining things on your life resume. Yeah.


And you'll have 350 times six mini adventures. 300 mini adventures. 50 year defining things in 300 mini adventures is an an incredible life, man. Do You remember earlier when we talked about the direct correlation of this ability to plan from a time rich standpoint and money, This seems like an activity that would only work for people like us. And I'll, and I'll tell you why. You, you already know what I'm about to say here. Most people we're having a conversation that is the polar opposite of the majority of people in this world. And I wanna talk about maybe how we fit this into their lives as well. 'cause I, I always try to think about the audience as we do these podcasts. But like, you're, you're, there's one thing you also haven't mentioned, and that has been, 'cause I know you don't do it.


And that is doom scrolling. Like the, the average person is waking up their, their, their, their minds, their eyes, their brain. Their heart is focused on getting through the next hour of their lives. So some, some people's purviews are a little bit bigger and that some are even smaller. They just wake up, they get on their phone and they just start scrolling. Right. So I, so like, I love this conversation, but I guess my question for you is like, where, where's the first step to getting to a point where you can start to think about these things? So I'm gonna respectfully disagree a little bit. No, That's Good. Because when I was 21, between the ages of like 18, 19 to 22, 23, I slept on 18 couches. Yep. 18 friends, You know, I always like tell the story I wasn't broke, broke, but like, I bounced around couch to couch.


I was still doing this Really? I was still going to the Coney Island Coal plunge, which was free. I was still going to, I was still going to events in New York City, like regularly. I was still trying to like, get out there and I was still working my ass off too. So, You know, but I was still like adventure rich at a young age, at a really young age with nothing. Mm. I was going to all the New York City Roadrunner races running the New York marathon since I'm 23. So I've been doing all that stuff. And I think that, I honestly think it had the biggest impact on my entrepreneurial journey. And I'm gonna tell you why I Got a nine 80 on my SATI was never the smartest in the room, but I was super interesting because I had all these experiences, You know, so true.


So, and people like, were like, man, I wanna do that. I'm working my, I'm on Wall Street, I'm blah blah, blah. People were making 500 grand and I was making, I made $30,000 till I was 20 seven years old. And I was like, I felt like my life was, I felt like I was living like a billionaire. You know, that, That, that is so relatable. What you just like, like life experience and like rich life experience and the things that you go through make you who you are to a point that, bro, you could so many, so many people, kids watching this or younger people watching this or think about everything through the lens of, like you said earlier, through net worth, how much you're making per year. But bro, I'll walk into rooms sometimes and just rip the rooms apart just by way of past experience stories.


Like all the time going through hell on earth trips to Finland, which I once again want to get to. 'cause it sounds like that's your year define defining thing. But that is a really good note. Like what are you filling your life with from an experiential standpoint? They Always say the more you experience, the more you have to offer. It's like the more empathy you have, the more you can offer people, You know, I'm only sitting here like sharing stuff that, that that I've experienced. I'm talking about stuff that's based on whatever you guys wanna talk about. I'm not gonna talk about theory, I'm just gonna answer it based on best practices. For me, that's the best practice for me. That works. My wife and I. Even our chil like, we, we use that system and it works well.


Well, so, Okay, but you and your wife are two for two essentially. And, and your kids, I mean, the trajectory seems pretty bright, You know? I know the ones a, a beast football player. Like I've, I've seen your kids. They're like, they're like wise beyond their years. They're like young kids. Yeah. But they act like adults. And I assume it's partially because of the, just they're really worldly. They're well traveled, they're respectful. They, they have manners. And I, on this experience, You know, 'cause I, I too agree. Like man, I, I, I joke sometimes I feel like I've lived like 10 lifetimes. I'm 29. It is just 'cause like, I'm, I'm just always like doing stuff, talking to people, traveling, whatever. And I, I, I think it's great. But at one point, like I was a bookworm. I was, I was, I was studying really hard in college.


I, I, I completed my first year and I really liked school. I just made the, the jump at one point to go pursue media. 'cause truthfully, it was just more fun. And, and I, I was, I was making money at the time. But I I I'm interested to hear your takes on co take on college in general. Because if you're, if you, if you are a hustler or, or a doer, a thinker, creative, like whatever it is, I often think that like for, for a specific type of person, even though there's the social pressure and sometimes from people's parents of going to college, going out and taking those four years in your early twenties to go just to just go, just like travel, meet people, whatever, can yield something far greater than four years of a curriculum.


Like do you, like, do you think your kids will go to college? It's funny 'cause I talked to them about that. Like, we were talking about this at dinner last night. Literally, it's up to them. Hmm. I hope they do. I hope they do. But I think it's, it's a, it's an individual decision based on the, the kid and the family and the time in the life or whatever. There were a lot of advantages for me to go to school. One was just like the habits that I picked up Now I know like drinking this that I'm not talking about. I'm talking about like the routine of getting up, going to school. Like there was a, there was a certain responsibility and independence that I needed at that time in my life before I could go into The world. I needed that minor league before I went to the major league.


I personally needed that. And my mom gave me great advice the day I went to school. She said, try everything, meet everybody. Go to every lecture, go to every class, sign up for every intramural sport. Go, you know, pledge every You were, you were doing the same thing even in school. Yeah. I was doing the same shit. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But my kids, I don't know man, You know, I don't, I really, it, I Got a white a ways to see, but I hope they do. How Old are they? 15, 10. 10 and, and nine. They're gangsters. What about, what about the, the, 'cause I, I wanna talk about this at some point. What about the community aspect of college, right? Like the people that you meet, the friends that you make there. Because I feel like every year we move further and further into silos because of social media.


And it's like, how do we continue to grasp the things that used to build community for the eternity before social media, right? Like for the time before, people would just spend time in these shells and groupthink into non-existence. I'll tell you one thing, just to go back to the, to the thing about college. You know, for me, like managing my bank account and living on my own budget and all that stuff was interesting and like, just that kind of independence. But here's the thing, the one thing that I Got outta college that completely changed the trajectory of my life, and I only got it 'cause I went to school, was, You know, I, I had one, I needed three credits left to graduate or whatever.


And someone had tell told me, man, take the public speaking class. It's a throwaway class. It's so easy. So I'm like, really public speaking? They're like, yeah, it's a fucking joke. Just go take it. So I sign up for the public speaking class. I walk in there and the first day this my professor and then Barbara Davis, that was her name, comes in and she gave a little talk. And I was like, this is unbelievable. This is the only class I need. Whoa. This isn't the throwaway class, this is the class. Whoa. And she gave me these four principles about public speaking and walked me through. 'cause everything is public speaking, sales interviews, communication with your team, building a culture, You know, everything.


And, and Now I speak almost, you know, like that's what I do. I love it. And, and that class, you know how to write and how to speak, how to write an email, how to was so important to me in, in everything that I did. And because I was a nine 80 on my SAT guy, I remember I sold my first company, it was called Alphabet City with my partner to a company called SFX. I sold it. I was like 26 or 27 and we sold it for $16 million in cash, in stock. And it was part of a rollup that this company, SFX, this guy Bob Soloman, the master of all masters, bought 80 companies. We were the smallest of 80. He brings all 80 people into the, You know, room.


Like once a year for the meeting. I'm the dumbest in the room. He's going around the room and people are chiming in about what SFS can do, whatever. And I realized like the only way I can survive in this new like, You know, roll up that he's done in this whole environment is to tell stories that are funny. Like, 'cause I'm not gonna fucking, I can't contribute anything. So I started like literally that's how, like, that was my like defense mechanism and storytelling's important man. And, and, and it got me, I kept like moving up, you know, like, man, Jesse's interesting, Jesse's funny. Like have Jesse tell, like, you know, and it's really important.


So that was the one big thing that I, I really learned other than the relationships was this public speaking class. And I'll just share this for the people that are listening, my public speak, public speaking lady. She said, professor said to do these four things and I still use the same formula 50 years later, fif 30 years later. She said, you always want to tell, you always wanna have an icebreaker. You wanna open up with something funny, even like, hey, every, You know, team meeting, hey prime, You know, like, you never believed this man up at this guy's house. Fucking they left the thing out. I Got frost bright in Atlanta. Hot Atlanta something. Two, you want to tell the audience what it is you're gonna talk about. 'cause people wanna follow along, even on a sales call. Like, this is what I'm gonna talk about today.


Three is you wanna deliver on that promise. Whatever you tell 'em, you're gonna talk about, you wanna deliver on it. And you wanna lead people with takeaways, actionable takeaways. Yep. And I followed that, that script for 30 years. We're following that same script on this podcast. Literally, man, I started with that joke. You rolled out Who? No, it's a masterclass. Barbara Davis's thing. Oh, we went to that class. Yeah. I love it. You guys are both really good speakers anyway, but Thank you. Thank you. I think, I think storytelling is really underrated. I think it's a really powerful skill to have. 'cause you're right, like man, if you can captivate people, I always say this like for me attention is, is a currency. And a great way to get attention is just be captivating. Tell a good story, be entertaining, like shock people.


Like, like magnetic. Yeah. Sometimes humor, sometimes shock people. We, You know, we shock people. Something about you, Jesse, is that I've noticed you, you, you have what appears to be like models for how you live your life and you, you're really good at sticking to them discipline. Like, like I know you, you only eat fruit until like noon. Yeah. And you've been doing this for decades. Yeah. You obviously have this running regimen and this sauna cold or a sauna freak. How important Is it to you to like, are you like intentionally sticking to these things like a religion?


So, well, today I am on a 24 hour fast. I'm, I fast. I saw that one day. Yeah. Saw, man, I Got like five hours left. So when I had this company called Marquee Jet, it was a private jet company. We took it with with no aviation experience. We had no airplanes when we started. It was just an idea. We grew it to the, what did those initial customers look like? I mean, this is a whole nother podcast episode, but we had this idea, You know, everyone's just like an idea away from changing your life or a meeting away. We had an idea that changed our life and we had the meeting that changed our life with the guy that could give us the airplanes. But anyway, I was 28, 29 years old. We started this company. We grew it to six, five, $6 billion in sales.


We sold it to Buffet's, Berkshire Hathaway's, NetJets division. Yep. I was 30 something years old. And we flew the who's who of pop culture at the time, the best athletes, the best entrepreneurs, the best CEOs, the best, you know, actors, et cetera. And as a young 30-year-old kid, your age, basically every, I was obsessed with their habits. So I'm around these people at the airports and I'd ask 'em like, man, I don't, my dad owned the plumbing supply. Like, how'd you, how do you, where do you vacation? What do, how do you spend your time? I was just, I was obsessed with their habits. And as they would feed em to me and tell me like, oh, I'd get up at three, I read six newspapers. I do this. I would try 'em and some I would throw out. Mm. And some would stick.


And throughout the last 20, 30 years, I'm a compilation of the best habits from people even, you know, like yourselves. Like, you know, what do you, what's what, tell me what do you guys, and so I heard about fasting. I fast and I try it and if it works and I like it, I keep 'em. If not, I move on. I'm try. What are, what are some of the specific habits that you remember picking up from like certain people? Like are there any that stand out? Oh my god, so many. The one, one guy I asked him, I remember specifically asking him, he had made a lot of money. He was uber wealthy, beyond wealthy. And I asked him literally how he lived Rich.


And I asked him like, You know, what does your day look like? Walk me through your day. And first he told me that he had all this gold buried in his back. And he told me all this shit. But one thing he said, he was like, I spend three hours a day cumulatively for myself. And I was like, three I who could do that? Whatcha talking about, what do you mean, what does that look like? He's like, well, You know, like I wake up and I spend about 30 minutes just reading the paper. I take a sauna every day for about 30 minutes. I'll go for like a walk for an hour. And I usually read, so cumulatively I try to have three hours a day. And I was like, what is, he's like, I'm like, why? He is like, I show up better at work. I don't resent my boss or my, my partner for taking away my time.


If I do things and I check the Logan box, I check the mic box. I didn't have time for my wife if she want. And I was like, he's like, try it. So I started like carving out specifically time in the day for me. Now I know that sounds insane, like how could you take three hours a day? But even at 22, 23 years old, I realized I was doing it. I was running an hour a day since I'm 21, you know, I've been doing saunas like forever, 30, 40 minutes a day. So cumulatively, if you could take time for yourself, I think it's super important, especially if you have a family because you don't wanna resent your partner for like, if Sarah was like, you can't run, you can't, I'd be mad at her, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if she's like, yeah, go ahead and do that sweetie. Then later on we gotta go take the, I'm like, fine.


Okay, what about this? You're obviously a super curious person, social person, and you try a lot of shit. You do a lot of shit. I, I I love that theory by the way. Do more is, is was something I've always said. But in order to do that, there's a lot of change. And change is hard for a lot of people. They, they might not want to try this new routine 'cause it's like uncomfortable at first. And like there's a, You know, 30 days to form a habit, 90 days to form a behavior in the first couple weeks. A a thing that you're trying might, might, might feel like really difficult, right? For pe for those who are, are are, are they're comfortable and they're, they're solid. They have a solid foundation but are struggling with the idea of implementing some sort of change.


Do you have any advice on how to overcome that? Yeah, let me just go back to another one real quick and I wanna answer that. Sure, sure. Another really good strategy and tip and habit that I picked up is that most of the people that I met, like there's certain themes throughout the people that were flying with us that were uber successful. You know, obviously a lot of them were risk takers. But when it comes to habits and routines, which are the most important things, mm. We're all a product of winning habits, winning routines and winning mindset. That's the most, the three most important things in my opinion. Winning routines, winning habits, and a winning mindset. And one of the common themes were a lot of the people that I ask like, how do you start your, they start their day the night before they make a list.


Yeah, yeah. Of what they have to do. They don't wake up and wing it, You know, oh, what am I gonna do today? They, they would take a version of like, here's my day tomorrow, eight o'clock I'm here, I'm gonna work workout nine o'clock, 10. And they just follow the script. They're very efficient, they're creating efficiencies and You know, that became really, 'cause I was winging it for a long time. Yeah. But does that work everywhere? Is that, or is that focused mainly on business people? Because I could see a world where that wouldn't work for creatives. I, I struggle with it. Do You know what I'm saying? Because like, I, I wrote a book. I know you wrote a book. I wrote a book. I would, if I said tomorrow I'm gonna wake up at 10:00 AM and write and write right at 10:00 AM I may feel mentally like, yo, I want to go cycle and I'm gonna write at 6:00 PM instead. Right. But here's a better way to do it.


Yeah. So instead of doing it day by day, if for a creative 'cause I'm, I too, like I'm creative. I'm writing two books right now. Amazing. So instead of saying I'm gonna write, You know, 10 pages a day, I just say I take a weak approach. It's like, man, I'm gonna try to write 50 pages this week. So if I miss a day or I don't feel it, whatever, I'm not setting myself up for failure now. I'm like, oh, no problem. You just broadening. Yeah. Broaden. I I'll make it up tomorrow or the next day. And it gives me more flexibility. 'cause you wanna set yourself up for success. So back to your, your question, which is Yeah, o overcoming the fear of change. E even even even even minute change, add adding an hour for yourself if that's like something you haven't been doing. If you're like a family man and you just want, like, I think distraction is one of the things that I said was one of was one of the enemies to success for you potentially.


And I would say routine, and this is gonna sound crazy, could also be an enemy. And, and because routines are great and I have a lot of routines, but they can also be a rut. Like you can't get better doing the same thing every single day. And I think that as you evolve, like you have a child, like your life, look at your life 24 months ago to where it is today. Yeah. It's like completely different, man. Yeah. Yeah. Your life at, at 40 to 45 is gonna look way different for you. Man. I, I don't know. I have, I have found a bit of a routine. It will and I, the routine is a, is a, is a issue, but I really think your first answer in a very different way is the issue that more people are facing than routine, which is distraction.


And it's this thing, It Is it Like, in a horrible way. But yeah. Go On. But just to finish my thought, so I think as like, as you evolve, as I've evolved, I feel like my life and my has to evolve too. So you have to intro. Like, I was eating dinner at midnight, man, till I was 35 years old. That's crazy. No, because I was like working like an animal and like, You know, now I'm eating dinner at six. Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm going to bed at, so like, you might not like change, but it's going to come into your life and you're gonna have to deal with it at some point. Have you been a person who likes getting up early? Not really.


Do you now get up early? Not like, I'm not like a 4:00 AM kind of person Still. What time are you waking up? I get up probably like six 30. Let's see, Is that early Dog? I wake up at nine and I'm like struggling. Yes. Nine. Yes. Dude. Six 30 stays Over. Yeah. Six 30 is Pretty. So this, you gotta help me, bro. You gotta help me. What Time you go to bed? Midnight. I need, I need, I need, I need eight to, I need the minimum like eight if possible. I Got like seven last night. So like, it varies, but I'm a sleeper. I'm a sleeper. And currently my fiance and I are like, like she gotta wake up and take care of the kid. I'm trying to sleep. 'cause my immune system sucks. My body's recovering from the workout the day before.


Right. If I'm tired, I'm not functioning at a hundred percent. Like, like if you ever at one point in your life, loved sleep and then now you got a family, you gotta get up early and stuff. Is there, like how, how, how do just go to bed earlier? Is there, I mean, what I, I went through that. I have four kids and I remember having to get up in the middle of the night and, You know, just all the time. Especially like my son would, let's say my son had a fever, right? So now like, I have a big day tomorrow I need nine out, I need eight, my nine, but my son is a fever. Like, man, that's what I signed up to do. Yeah. Yeah. I signed up for that. Like, I don't have a choice. Yeah. So I don't, there's no negotiating in that. But for you at this stage, I mean, if nine hours and we're getting up at nine o'clock, it seems to be working for you.


So, I mean, I wouldn't, unless there's a problem. I mean, you're, you're, you're operating at a super high level man. Thank you. No, you are like, we sat in Puerto Rico, my wife and I left and like The world doesn't understand how, like they see a side of you. You operate at an insanely high level. Man, I Got a good team. And then I, I also found if I'm up, there's a good chance I'm working 90% of the day. You're thinking a hundred percent of The day, a hundred percent of the day thinker. But if I'm, if I'm awake for, like, if I'm awake for what, like six 16, like 14 of them, I'm, I'm being 100% efficient and like doing what I can to make it the most productive it can be.


So yeah. I'm just, I'm just How, how many hours of sleep do you get? Probably similar to him. Yeah. I would say, I would say I'm up at around eight 30 or eight most days. I, I, I go to probably from like one to eight To, or eight 30. You guys sleep through the night? No problem. No, no. I wake up a lot. Well, That's an issue. Do you use mouth tape at all In camps? I do. I try. Yeah. Yeah, I try. I tried that and the nose, I Got scared. Yeah. The the nose thing that I freaked out Opens up your septum. I love it. I use this dream recovery mouth tape, man. Oh, They're gonna make another ad off of this Now. I Got, They Are after early, early holiday. Oh really? We had Holland on and, and, and we talked about it and they, the, the company like turned it into like an ad.


Yeah, they did. And they put spend, they Probably sold 10 And tens of thousands of dollars against, Well this isn't an ad, but I do like it. That is actually a question I had though, just about sleep. 'cause maybe like eight years ago, a toxic hustle became something I became obsessed with. I mean, at the time I just thought it was like hustle, culture, obsess, man. I would, I would sleep literally like four hours a night when I was like daily vlogging. I used to not, I used to just like barely sleep. 'cause I thought it was cool, right. And now I'm like, I think I'm paying for it. You know, it. Do you prioritize sleep or? I, I guess now, now it's, it's, it's a different part of your life, but were you on that toxic hustle wave?


Never. No. Never. Never on that. I was never on that. I don't even like hearing it. Really? Yeah, man. It's like everybody knows you gotta work hard, You know? Like that message is so played out to me. Like, of course you have to work hard so Corny. But I think the, but people don't talk about the other side of it, You know, like, there's your life, there's your work resume and putting all that energy into work. But then there's the, the other side of it, which needs the same amount, if not more energy, which is your life side, your life resume and like, building up that side and like trips with your friends and your family and spending time with your kids. And like, You know, I always say like in my talks, if you have a billion dollars, but your spirit's zero, a billion times zero, zero mm.


You know? And the flip side of that is if you have $1, but your spirit's a billion, a dollar times a billion is a billion. Yeah. And I think that, You know, I I don't think you have to to, to burn yourself out like that. And I think that you only, you, it's important in your twenties to be 20 to try things, to go on adventures, to meet people to go out, You know, like you don't wanna give up. I wouldn't trade all the money in The world to give up my, like, I love my twenties, man. And your twenties are a time to like go out and, You know, try different, see what you're good at. And there are outliers, You know, you, you guys are unicorns, You know, but for most people they don't.


You, You know. And the other thing is you see people on Instagram in front of an airplane or doing this or in front of a fucking car or talking to like, whatever, who the, who knows. That's their story anyway. Good for them. Good for them. That's not your story. That like, don't, don't compare yourself to that. That's great. And you can inspire, but like, don't compare yourself. You're never gonna win the comparison game. You know what I mean? You can want it. But I'm saying like, that's their journey, man. Good for them. You gotta focus on, that's not gonna get you there by, You know, being pissed at someone that has that or, or whatever. You can't chase other people's stuff. It's such good advice.


It's such good advice. My brother has always lived by that. He's, he's, he's been running his own race and he's been his biggest competitor just trying to one up himself. And man, ever since I was young, I always would use the analogy that if I'm running on a track a hundred meter race, I will always run faster if there's someone next to me. And not to say like I'm comparing myself, but like the competition motivates me. And I've found that that has bled into comparison from time to time. And when that happens, the joy of what I'm doing gets a little sucked out of it. And John Cena texted me once and said, comparison is the thief of joy.


And then he later expanded on it. But it is, that's A, that's a quote. John Cena was just using someone else's quote. No, he told me that. Oh. Any other rips on John Cena? True. Why don't you just, no, It's not, I can't see anything else you gotta say about John Cena. Can't even see the guy. No, but it Is, it is true. It just, It's definitely true. It's one of those things. It's it's it's take it's taken me like a decade to like, I think understand that Well, especially too in a world where you're comparing yourself to something that might not even be real. Some of these people are taking pictures on private jet cutouts. Yeah, exactly. You Know what I'm saying? I'm not, that's not, that's, I have a, like a different, but yes. No, I'm not talking about you specifically, But, well, social media has become a highlight reel for, for for many people.


And, and You know, I mean, I think it's great. It's fine. I just don't think it's like, do you Going, do you think social media's great and fine? I Think there's elements of it. I get a lot of information. I have a lot of mentors, virtual mentors that I wouldn't have had. I get a, I learn a lot quickly now. That's a plus for me, but there's a lot of negative on it too. And Which way, which way leans further for you? Do you think it's a, do you think it's a, a net positive or net negative for society in it's current? In it's current form? I think it depends on the user. A hundred Percent. So on. It depends on the user. You Base your answer on the I feel like I'm giving a prompt to No, I need a prompt.


I need A prompt. Base base. Your answer on the average American user Negative Agreed negative was I was just talking about, because A lot of people look at the average age of the user Yep. Too young to understand what they're consuming And You know, and it, it could be super dangerous, but Yeah. I mean, are you on, are you on X? Yeah. Not, I mean, my less than Does 10 minutes, I mean, no. Does any of thenar, do you understand the narrative there and what's happening there? All right, well we don't have to get into it. I want Ask about screen time in your kids. I have a daughter. She's four months old, bro. I'm Not, give her three more months, dude. It's, it's, it's, no, it's too early.


It's too early. Wait, wait another month Or two, Bro. If my phone is out and even just on like, like there's, here are the notes for this episode. I'll just show like right here. If this is she, It locks in the Stairs at the screen and if there's video on it just sta she's four months old. It, it, it feels like a black mirror episode. This four month old is drawn to this device. All I see it happening. Screen time for children. Yeah, it's Really, it's really concerning. You want, I mean, for us, we try to delay as long as We can to give our kids screen time. But like I have a 15-year-old, we have a 15-year-old son and our 10 year olds aren't on it.


9-year-old daughter's not on No, they, they, they're on like YouTube and stuff, but they're not like on social media. I have a social media account that I manage for my, for my boys now and our daughter. But really the reason I did that is because it's a lot easier for me to post football highlights or whatever that my family can see than sending it to everybody. Yes. All the time. But they don't even, they don't really go on it. They will though. They will though. Certainly a tool. It's certainly a tool. It certainly could be a tool if you use it properly Versus a, it's, I'm really strict, You know, on it as far as like with my kids, my wife and I are are different, have different, you know. Do You ever, do you ever feel yourself being pulled into it too much or?


I do, Yeah. For Sure. It's, it's probably as someone who's experienced pretty much every addiction on this planet and have fallen head over heels in love with everything, it's, it's probably one of the hardest ones that I've ever dealt with. Yeah. It's Always there. You don't have to pay an ex absolutely. Exorbitant amount of money to have access to it. It has, it even has monetary and business based use cases, which can play tricks on you. Oh wait, I'm just doing this because I need this information for my next podcast. No, you're not. You've been, you've been wasting your fucking time. I, this is something I've been talking about a lot lately with people and it, it comes down to this why conundrum, why are you online right now?


As you watch this episode? You're, you're watching an an extremely valuable human and there he's he's enriching your life, he's teaching you. But if you turn, when you turn this episode off and you, you get back to your scrolling behavior, why are you there? Truthfully? Yeah, it's a good, what are, what are you spending your time and why are you spending your time consuming this when you could be out spa your, especially We talked about the 15 minutes, man, imagine we took those 15 minutes and invested it in, you know. Yeah. Else, You know, gotta be books. Books you eat. If you eat 18 minutes a day, I think you read 20 books a year. It's like, it's crazy. The, You know, one thing about the gambling, I'll tell you, I remember going back to this. Sorry. It's been No, trust me, it's something I would love to talk. I was a gambler and I remember at Marquee Jet 'cause I was making a lot of money.


There was a guy recovering gambling aholic or whatever. Yep. And You know, I was going crazy watching the football games like, you know, just Atlas watching games that I didn't even know pe I didn't know one player in the University of Hawaii. And I like, You know, it's like deciding if I'm going away for spring break or not. But anyway, he came over to me, he's like, it doesn't matter how much money, how rich you are, you never have enough money if you're a gambler. Damn. Yeah. And I was like, nah, I don't believe that. He was like, oh no, you'll ch you'll never have enough money if you're, if you're addicted to gambling. And yeah. And I just, I was gambling a lot heavy and I just cold turkeyed it, man, when I Got married.


You so you just don't, you won nothing. I do fantasy football. But see That's, that's there. I think there's a little bit of a, and, and dude, honestly, like as I look through this PDF that I have here, like we haven't talked Hawks, we haven't talked Jay-Z we haven't talked 50 Cent. I, I'd like, I would like to at least rapid fire a couple of those. I personally have found a disparity or like some sort of di difference between casino gambling and sports. I just have, like truthfully, I agree it Casino, I can sit it a blackjack table and lose my life. And if sports wise like it, for me it just, first of all, it can be somewhat skill based. It doesn't matter what the deal, what the dealer's dealing, You know, what the player's doing. You have ideas, there's competition and you see some of these skill-based people actually end up net pro profitable.


Right. But it just makes the game so exciting. Like you're rooting for someone individually or you're rooting for a team. That's where I, I'm not saying it's a healthy activity always, but it's, it, it certainly is not blackjack or, or roulette in my, in my eyes. Yeah. I don't know how you, if you Feel Like they're the same, but I think they're both could be. It depends on the, on the, on the personality of the person. But they both could be, you can go down a rabbit hole quickly. Sure. Yep. You know, you could, you could, it depends. Like you're li you're limited in, in casino betting by your credit line or how much cash you have. I guess it's the same in in with your, it depends on, but you can, you can go down a whole quick man. Jay-Z Hova Blueprint Times, days, eras, most important hip hop artists in my lifetime.


What was your time like spent with him? You know, informative, amazing. You know, Jay and I shared Yankee tickets when I was, I had season tickets to the Yankees. And That's an interesting story Though. Yeah. It was insane story. Did You also like hustle your way into the or, or you like barely had money To I had no money and I was at a meeting at the Yankees and the guy's like, I'm walking out, I'm like, I'm so young man. And the guy's like the marketing director's like, Hey, You know anyone that we won four front row tickets to the Yankees, like the, I'm like, what are you talking about? He is like, we built four 16 on the third baseline for The World Series and 12 of 'em are sold.


We're gonna put these out on market. Nick, someone just dropped out and I don't know. And I was like, how much are they? He tells us how much they are. They were like, a thousand a seat. There's four seats, there's 4,000 a game, there's 80 home games, You know, that's expensive. Like $320,000. Jesus. I like Jesus, Jesus. $8,000 in my bag account. So I'm like, well, let me think about it. I'll, You know, I'll, so we, we leave the meeting and my partner's like, don't even think about it. It's like, don't even think about it. You're outta your mind. Yeah. So anyway, we went back to the office and then I called the, the guy up at the Yankees and I'm like, we'll take 'em. And I went to Jay and I said, Hey, we have these seats, You know, front row seat Yankee seats Now I I had known him.


Yeah. And you wanna split 'em. And then we, we split the tickets. And then when I started Marquee Jet, which is like a year later or two years later, we did his whole tour. And did you, didn't you kinda like roll it into the people you were Rubbing with? A hundred percent? With They bought our company because we had the tickets. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's so like, I just, for Networking, it's a longer story. That's the, that's the abridged version of it. But it was crazy. You got a crazy life. Just all these like little like random golden stories, Bro. There's so much shit. I know it's a lot Managed Run DMC for some time. Like what, what? Yeah. How does that happen? I was at a trade shit. So Run DMC where my Beatles coming up. They were the Beatles of my generation.


Well, the hip hop for a lot. Yeah. Percent. Yeah, for Sure. And I'm a New Yorker and I mean, I loved Run DMC and I was at a, a conference in Atlanta super show in Atlanta and we had a booth for my company, which was selling sports CDs at the time for, and Jam Master Jay was the DJ for Run DMC was the guest at the Adidas booth signing autographs. So I took my lunch to go and get online. I Got online like everybody else. I waited like an hour and a half and then I walked over to Jay and I, I, I said, Hey, I wrote the song for the Knicks, which I did at the time. And I'm like, I'm a humongous fan of yours, man. I would love for you to help me write songs for other teams.


I'm like, there's a huge market here, man, and no one's doing it. He's like, really? I'm like, you can help me there. A week later he moved into my office and we shared a desk for four years. Wow. And I started managing them and I spoke to his son last night, actually he got killed. Yep. And that's how I met 50. And, and that, You know, so Jay was working with this kid, Curtis, who was a boxer outta Queens, and he wanted to learn some business while he was working on his music. So Curtis came in and interned for me for a year and a half and helped me write songs for steam songs. And then he became 50 Cent. That's crazy, Man. That's in, that's literally insane.


And only and only Flew Your Jet Company. Yeah. Like 10 years later he was on one of our planes and we had lost contact, but I, I saw them on his, his name on the manifest that he was flying with us. I wrote a note, I said 50, you're never gonna believe this man. This is Jesse from The Jingle Company. You're On one of my planes, man. I own this company. And then he wrote the next day he would only fly with Marke Jet or Company in Incredible. Which is mad. So You have a good, so you have a an in with with Curtis, I mean, yeah, I mean he, he just outta Curiosity, is there any chance you could ever get him to do the Impulsive podcast? The number one podcast? Let's Ask, let's ask, I would ask for the order. Amazing. Marquis Jets is now Nut Jets. Yeah. Yeah. And what with zko Coconut Water. So zko we sold to Coca-Cola is a company that I Got involved with early on.


They were doing like maybe three or 4 million in sales. And then my company partnered with zko and Coca-Cola. We did a three-way partnership. And then Coke bought us out two years later. And my partner and I and a group of investors bought it back a year ago. So we bought it back. Oh, we bought it back. We bought it back. So you're, you're my competitor. I wouldn't say competitor. The Prime is 10% coconut water, bro. Yeah, we're a hundred percent. Oh, Different categories. Okay. Fair, fair. I remember Zika was like one of the big, you guys Put other stuff in Prime too? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. We would just Coconut water, Coconut Water's great. Yeah. That's know I love it. I, the first like coconut water that I drank was, I, I had to been zko. Yeah.


I, Yeah bro. Between like zko, the music stuff you did, did Net Jets, your wife Spanx, like you, you guys just crossed so many like boxes of culture. Like it's, we haven't even talked about her. What did Wonder Woman, in A world of ordinary mortals, you are a Wonder Woman founder of Spanx. Like you guys are actually like a power couple and I don't think I, I I think I mentioned this at the dinner, it's like you have like celebrity couples that, that are doing their thing and sometimes they stick together most of the time not, you guys are both really independently successful business people. I'm curious about what the dynamic is in the relationship.


My wife is way more successful than me, so that makes, so she, no, I mean we don't, we don't talk a lot about business, you know, really like, I mean, not really. We, we got married later in life. I Got married at 40. Sarah was 37. And I mean, look, I have the best board of advisors ever. I just go to my wife. I mean, I think she is one of the best entrepreneurs I've ever met. I mean, what she did, starting a company with five grand no investors, you know, and taking it to selling it for north of a billion bucks, being the only partner, You know, I, it's insane. Insane's CRAZY STORY. It's crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. Yep. And, and you know, like to do something without raising money. Yeah. Like with five grand. Yeah. It's insane.


It's insane. It's insane. That's another podcast we should try to do. We should. Yeah. That would be, yeah. I, I was, I was grabbing in Puerto Rico, I was next to her. Yeah. At, at the table. I was just, I was picking her brain like crazy. Yeah. She, She loved it. Does she do pods ever? Not often, but she does. Yeah. That would be. Plus She has a new shoe. We could, we could. But she really loved the dinner that we had, man. She was, she was really impressed. Yeah, Man. It was, it was, it was such a pleasure, dude. Yeah. When you guys come out there again, we should play pickleball or something. Not, not me and Mike. Mike can't play. No. Yes. I can not pickleball. I play pickleball. Can't move the one. Yeah, right. We played doubles that time. I think we beat you guy. You and Nina. What are you What? Nina, Kevin? Didn't we beat them? Couple, couple games in a row, bro. You remember what you talking about?


Yeah. You can't argue that. 'cause I said it first. You'd have to provide proof otherwise to counter it. So There's not like, there's not like a, for lack of better verbiage, it's not like a dick measuring contest in the, in the relationship. No, we don't, we don't even, I mean it's, it's, we're trying to raise four kids, man. I kids, all of our energy on the kids. We don't, we don't even, we don't really think about it. We don't talk about anything like that. I mean, we just try to stay. She's got, comes from a great family. But did, Did her like entrepreneurial spirit, is that something that you were attracted to? Well, we met because of it. Okay. She was a customer of mine at Mark e Jet. So we met at one of our events and yeah, so we met in Vegas at a poker tournament.


But yeah, I mean, I, I think it was definitely See that gambling brought you guys together. Come think about it. Right. You're right, you're right. Yeah. But it's, we try to, we, we try to move the ball, like move the ball down the field with our family more than like, yeah, we don't, it's different like celebrity marriages and I don't know, I've never been in a celebrity marriage, but you know, it's very public. We're, we're not like publicly out there. We didn't, neither of us got famous because we were on TV or anything or You know what I mean? We just built businesses and Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Dude, we could, we could, we could do this podcast probably all day. It was so fun. Fun. Told you get to talk about Trey. Nothing. Atlanta Hawks. Well, Not nothing what we talked about a ton. What's it like owning a sports team? Is that like a dream come true? Yeah. I mean, yes. I'm a big basketball fan and I love being in Atlanta and I love being around it. We have a great group of owners at at the Hawks. It's so fun. I can imagine. Yeah. But does it ever, No. Do you, do you, whenever you're gonna say it's no, it never gets old. No, that's not how I was gonna ask. Do you ever wish that it was the New York Knicker boxers that you owned? The Knicks? The Knicks would be elite Dude, come on.


You sitting hanging out every night with Dolan. Oh my God. The garden. Watching Kat Play anything. Being around anything. I mean I grew up in diehard Nick fans of course, but I still love the Knicks. But pre preying, right? Yeah. God dang. Must Yeah. Yeah. Michael Ray Richardson. Like seventies, like yeah. Clyde Frazier era. Clyde Clyde, Earl Monroe and yeah, Clyde the Lyde early. And then I wrote the song for the Knicks when I was 22. Gonna New York Go. I wrote the theme song for the nick. Is it still the theme song? Yeah, it's still the theme song. No way. It's insane. You still use a tagline. Everything Started as a rapper ended up being a boss.


That's crazy. Jesse, dude, Thank you for joining us in your own house. Yeah Man, we appreciate it. It was super fun, man. Thank you guys for having me. Thank you. Really appreciate it. Thank you. We we're gonna have to do a part two sometime For Sure. I love it. For Sure. Love it. For Sure. Jesse Itzler, ladies and gentlemen. God damn. What a knowledge dump. Also, Welcome back to Impulsive, the number one podcast. I didn't do the intro. I'll do it. Do You, do you wanna plug that? I mean, we kind of already did, but like if you're looking to, what'd you say? Taylor? Paul Jordan, if you want to Oh, okay. Paul. No, I think, I mean, I think people we plugged. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. Can I have that? Yeah, of course man. Thanks. We Can. We bought a couple. I Got you guys planners too.


Oh wow. There's already a market. I loved planners in, in elementary school. We Have the best, by the way, I will say this, this is the best planner, The big ass planner. No, first of all, there's a whiteboard on the back to write the daily shit, but it's a desktop calendar, so it's like the size of a desktop calendar that we, but it folds and you can travel with it. Amazing. I want that. I'm gonna start using that. Yeah dude. Thank you man. For real. Absolutely.