
Hogan. That was Great, brother Thank you for joining us. Brother. Brother. This is the first guest that I've once played with a miniature version of for hours Where you at WrestleMania 40, some people are saying it's the greatest WrestleMania of all time. Hmm. They probably weren't alive when I was wrestling. I Got move named after you. It's called the Hawk Logan. I love it, brother. I remember when I was in Atlanta, I was in the business about three years and I was like 330 pounds all natural hook anyway. And they've done like 70 different action figures of me. And the only one that they ever canceled was the vibrating one. Sky's like, I still have mine. Oh yeah. Whoa Hold.


You got, you got a stylist. Stylist. Who styles you Stylist. What's Wrong with stylist? What? Are you crazy? Don Don't know dude, you're always styling. Got a promo on it for that dumb question. He Tyling. What am I doing? Goes Just stand. You got it. Yeah. Yeah. He's like me. Should we stand too? Your Brother's too strong, bro. He's too strong, right? Yeah. And, and, and, and he's, he's like really actually super strong. Like, he doesn't look like it. He maybe does look like it a little bit, but, but, but like, the weight he pushes in the gym is impressive.


Yeah. Last night, as soon as I saw him set, set, the guy who left, he kept going overhead. Right? Oh. God. Yeah. So funny. Yeah. You know. I mean, really. No, no, no. Seriously. for Sure. And, and he has a left hand now that looks like it's, it's firing off. He, he's, Yeah. I love Mike to death. don don't want to kill Mike. Jesus Tyson. Yeah, bro. We have to talk about this. Wait, is this the podcast? Yeah. Wait, is this the You know? I'm excited. Should we just give him headphones over? Yeah. Yeah. You can just stay there. He's, He's talking about Mike and Jake. I'm like, you can just do It here before you mo him up. Right over here. Oh, oh, oh, Oh. I actually don't hate it. That's Hilarious. It's, It's interesting. That's hilarious. Like Hulk does a all Juan bro. Hulk does what Hulk wants.


Give him a high chair. My Are bleeding. Yeah. I I can relate bro. This Susan Legend. Yeah. He's, He's fired. I I had to advise. I had be advising this morning when I woke up. My eyes were super dry. Oh. Vis, this is you headphones are optional. Oh really? Yeah. I'll Recommend them, but not, I won't recommend anything to you, sir. You can just do anything you want to in trouble if you do this guy, man. No, I know. I Got him off the streets of Connecticut. I'm sitting there half asleep last night. He walks by his 11 o'clock tomorrow. I was like Him. Him? Yeah. This one right Here. Get Your ass back over here. Yo. What I did, that's what I want. I said My wife goes, Suzanne, don don't really know.


He 11. I'm not going nowhere at 11 O'clock. That's, that's Mike Maack what you call him. Well, that depends on what time we get to bed, man. That's right. You Comfortable this pillow behind you. You want me To move that? Are you good? Yeah. Grab that thing outta there, bro. Oh, there you go. Oh, Thank, you. This feels, did you go to bed last night? Yeah. Once I, I laid down about three 30. Dude, I I, that's, that's my same as me. I Got. Yeah. But Yeah, we've been running man. And I think vo. Yes Sir. Where the hell were we? Ozarks? Yeah. From the convention to the lake of the Ozarks to, Yeah. I think the first night we had like two hours sleep.


You're Just not Sleeping. This is my wife Sky. I don't know if you guys met. Yeah, sky. Oh, Okay. Yep. Do you need, do you need, I'm just not waking up. Hu do you need sleep? Oh God? Yeah, bro. If I don't man my back and everything, Eyes start bleeding. Yeah. No. I've had like in the last, are we going, are we rolling? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We're starting have, Yeah. You guys tell me when. Nah, it's real casual, real casual stuff. Yeah. This ain't talk. This ain't Tucker Carlson. Ah, to say the least. No, I've had like 25 Surgeries in the last 10 years. That's A, yeah. 10 back surgeries. Nobody told me that. Gimme this stuff was fake man. No, but before no 10 back surgeries. Both knees, both hips, replaced shoulders, everything.


But at the end of the day, the equipment back in the day when I started wrestling in 77 was a little different than the, the rings and stuff you guys are working in now. Yeah, totally. I heard it was much, much harder. Oh, God. Andre used to tell me at Baltimore, boss, don't fall down. You know You won't get back up. It was like a 22 foot boxing ring that had lumps in it, boards sticking up. It was horrible. That Didn't, that didn't concern you. 'cause like now, now you're kind of paying the price for it. Yeah, well, it Is, it You know. I mean, you came from South Tampa. There's a road called Gandy Boulevard here, and if you're south of Gandy, you're called a Sog, SOG South of Gandy.


And you either were construction, you either became a professional athlete or you sold drugs. Those are your choices. So Which one did you choose? Well, I, I was, I did a little different, I played music for like 10 years before I ever got into the wrestling business. But no, it was, it was something that I kind of stumbled into. I was a huge fan. But yeah, I mean it, back in the day when we were wrestling, bro, You know, first off, when I went to Japan, I was coming off the top rope with no knee pads on and I was 330 pounds. And all of a sudden, You know. I said, okay. The left knee's already gone. I've only been in the business like two years. So it was just the equipment and jumping up and dropping the damn leg for 40 years when I had the largest arms of The world, I should have been using a sleeper no bumps.


Yeah. You know, but Yeah. Yeah. It's all cool, man. No regrets. Well, That's what I was gonna ask. 'cause like, as someone who's new in the industry, I'm, I'm recognizing that like longevity is kind of the name of the game and I, I want to be healthy so I could do the sport, but I'm also looking 10, 20, 30 years down the line and, and I don't want to be hobbling around, but do you think you wish you would've played it a little smarter for the sake of your body in your, in your physical health? Yeah. I sh I probably should've quit earlier, you know, but I just loved doing it, you know? Yeah. And, and the money was just crazy, you know? 'cause my deal is different than everybody else's. Yeah. You know. And so it, it worked out well. But I You know if I quit a little bit earlier, probably would've been better off.


But anybody that stays in 20, 30 years, like I was in almost 40, you'll see 'em all, they're all walking around and limping and Yeah. We've had a lot of 'em on the show. All Of they're all beat up man for Sure. Sure. Do You, do you do any of that new age shit? Stem cells? I've tried it all. Any of it worked for you? Doesn't work. Not for me. But That, that's the thing though. You say you say quit earlier and I think that's like the piece of advice. But like when he says take it a little bit easier, The boat. You got a cold beer, bro. I need something That a boy That's, that'll work. It's your beer. Oh yeah. There it is. Oh, thanks for, thanks for promoting my beer guys. Yeah, Yeah, of course. Real American beer from the, Why don't you crack one with him, buddy?


I'll crack a beer with You. Nah, I don't do it. You know the weirdest thing. You're useless. When you started drinking, we were on the phone with, what was last night baby? With No, the night before with Trump, after the thing You know, he, he called and I missed his call. And we were running pretty hard at the, the Ozark. 'cause that's a little wild over there. You know. So when we came in, I, I missed because I'm gonna text that son of a gun man. As I was texting him, he called me back and, and we talked about it. I told him, I said, the timing for this beer is You know. I saw this crazy open lane and my whole thing's always been marketing and licensing stuff, you know. So when I went back to WWE in 84 to wrestle the sheep, they weren't selling T-shirts. They didn't have any music to go to the ring. And I was already doing that in Minnesota and I was making a ton of, ton of money on mech and stuff.


So, you know, when I, when I came back and did the, the real American thing, you know, I Thank you brother. I was, I was telling Trump on the phone, I said, you know, I saw this open lane. You know. And, and Trump's been around quite a while. You know. And he's, he's awesome in the ring too, brother. If you ever get, have a chance to get in the ring with Trump, you gotta do it. Of course he'll do whatever you wants. He's great. He did a face off with me. And, and he, he was so cool about it. We did a stare down and, and and he's, he's like my, my cool grandpa. There you go. There you go. And I imagine you guys have known each other forever. Yeah. Forever. But I was, we were on the phone. I was telling him about the, I said the weird thing is, is the timing.


Because when I saw that open lane Yeah. Where Bud Light crashed and burned with that marketing plan, You know. I said, oh boy, here we go. I was at a convention, I, when I meet, when the WWE rushes people through pretty quick. 'cause you've got a couple thousand people to, to see you or your brother You know if you're with a wwe, they try to get everybody they can. Yep. But when I have time, I like to shake hands, look at people in the eye and stuff. And this guy had the past Blue Ribbon Vice President tag him. I said, oh damn man. My dad used to drink that beer. PBRs. Yeah, that's the beer my dad drank. And so he asked me if I ever thought about doing a, an alcohol endorsement. I said, well not before, but now that I saw this open lane. Yeah. I said, I think I Got this crazy idea for a beer that America's been waiting for.


And I said, back in the day when I, when I was wrestling, I was telling Trump back in the day when we'd wrestle and he, and he saw a lot of it. 'cause he was there at the very beginning that You know if him and I were in the ring and everything was cool. And all of a sudden he knocked my teeth out. Sometimes no lawyers, no losses. We go back out in the ring and settle it. Especially if the guy's been a jerk off and not being safe out there. So we'd go sell it out in the ring. But for me, You know all the guys I was wrestling, I was like 310 pounds. I was a medium sized guy. All the guys, most of the guys were bigger than me except for Piper and Macho. Everybody else was bigger than me. So I said, let's have a beer and talk about it. So that's where the idea came from.


And since the Democrats and the Republicans don't talk, I was thinking, wow, this is even bigger than politics. You know because the beer I was thinking of, it doesn't matter who you are, where you're from, what color your skin is, or what your sexual preferences. This is the beer for all real Americans. 'cause we all, we're all real Americans. And I was telling Trump, my idea was let's bring America back together. One beer at a time. Unity through alcohol. Yeah. And there you go. I love it. You should make that your tagline. Thank you brother. Hell, I love that. That one's on the household. Yeah. Thank you for what you did for my childhood brother. I'll make some money with that one. Yeah. But You know. And then all of a sudden, as divided as we are, we are more alike than we are different. And then after this crap happened with Trump, You know the beer had taken off before You know.


They said, well, if you get a couple states and a couple distributors in the first year, You know you're gonna be doing good. All of a sudden we're rolling out almost 27 states and 60, 70 distributors. Instead of having a couple hundred thousand cases ordered, we got millions ordered. That's incredible. And so now with the Trump thing, I was telling him, I said, America needs to come back together even more. You know. And I was telling Trump when I was doing the speech, well VO was with me and VO was in the back. And the stage manager goes, Hogan's been out there for six minutes. He hasn't read the teleprompter yet. We can't believe it. We can't believe they haven't ripped him off the stage. And VO goes, just, just let him go. He is okay.


And so that's funny. You know I was out there and I said, yeah, with Donald Trump or whatever the hell. I said, I can't remember. We're gonna bring America back together One real American at a time. And I almost said Beer You know. But I didn't do it. And it might've been cool, even though the people don't know, half the people there don't even know. I Got the beer out. It might've been cool to say it, but I was telling Trump on the phone, I said, brother, your whole thing if there was anything crazy is the fact that you survived this thing. And it pissed me off so bad. But on the other hand, it's probably gonna make the beer sell even more. Yeah, sure. for Sure. I heard, heard, I heard the Secret Service down like a 30 Pack before. The Love it. I love it. That's great, man. Is is Trump really your hero? Yeah, brother. I've known that guy.


We rented the, the, the business was so different a, a long time ago. 'cause it was just me and Vince at first Mm. You know. And I, and I moved up, I worked for his dad originally and his dad fired me for doing the Rocky movies. They said I'd never worked there again. And then when I came back, after I started a promotion in Minnesota, I was coming in to take over New York. And when I went back, Vince used to be the ring guy doing the interviews. He never really was involved that much in the business. And when I came back, I, I worked for him. Was the question. Yeah. Yeah. This, well this happens sometimes. The question was is, is Trump No. Give a different one. Is Trump give a different one. It's No, no, no.


'cause I do wanna know. 'cause you got on stage at the RNC and you said Trump's your hero. Yeah. And it looked like you had taken it really personally. Yeah, I did bro. Someone tried to be assassinated. Did bro. I did. I did. And the beer, honestly, not trying to be an ass with the beer isn't really a gimmick. This is personal too. 'cause I really think we need to get our shit together and come back together. Yeah. for Sure. But yeah, You know what was the Question? Yeah. So this happens sometimes. Yes. Happens to us You know what don don't even know. Yeah. He is my ear I. don I don remember I've, I've only been knocked out a couple times. I just remembered You took it personally. It sounded. Yeah. Yeah. I You got fired up up there. Someone tried to, what was the question? That's your boy. Someone tried to kill your hero. That's your boy bro.


That's your boy. Someone tried to kill him, man, the question. No, but you know, I've watched how he's treated people You know because he had that air about him. You know when we first met him. And I was like, okay man, am I gonna get along with this guy or not? 'cause I was at the top of my game back then. I was on a roll, man. I was the world's champion. I was doing all these low budget kids movies. I was doing reality TV proof. And when is this? Late eighties? Nine early Nineties. Yeah. Yeah. Getting, getting to be late eighties. Well, WrestleMania three was in 88 was after that 89 90. That's The Andre the giant Moldy Yeah. Brother Slam. Yeah. And so then I, then I saw how he treated people You know and just to watch him walk in at the beginning of the night when the preliminary match started and sit there all night long.


And just how he talked to all the wrestlers in the back and how kind he was to people. And I saw how he handled the Make Ofish kids. I watched this guy, I said, man, this brother's for real You know, and then I Got to know him and I love him to death. But he is kind of vain You know. Yeah. And I used to be like the celebrity referee for Us Magazine. So if Logan Paul got an argument with Jake Paul over a girl or something, I say, okay, Logan, you're right. You're right. But You know you, your brother's got better hair than you or something. You know. I I I Do the I actually think it's the exact opposite. Usually I'm wrong. And I, and I also have better hair. There you go. Barely.


What? What I'm, that is not the metric. What I'm trying to, what I'm trying to tell you is I did the celebrity thing between Donald Trump and J-Lo and Trump was Right. you know, 'cause J-Lo was You know not being cool, but I tagged it with, and by the way, Trump JLo's got better, better hair than you. Yeah. Holy shit. I get a, a letter bro from Trump Plaza. Handwritten letter. No. From Trump Whoa apparently Terry, I thought we were on the same page and we were friends. But You know Bro. That's literally the worst thing you could say to, to Trump. Like I know, I, I know, but I was just ribbing bro. I was just, yeah. I was just trying to get a cheap shot to get myself over You know His family, his his mom. It don't matter.


No. His hair is one place. No, but he's, he's a great guy, man. We've talked and we're on the same page today


We're here to celebrate the perfect summer grooming companion that will keep you looking cool even when it's sizzling outside. We are excited to introduce to you guys the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra in the new colorway White hot from Manscaped in a sea of options to choose from to perfect your grooming routine. Manscaped undoubtedly shines and they're riding the white hot waves this summer with their special addition trimmer and white. There are limited quantities available in this colorway. So you gotta act fast if you want it. Step up your grooming game this summer with the lawnmower 5.0 ultra and white hot experience precision like never before. With next gen dual skin save blade heads updated trimmer blade and an interchangeable foil blade for peak performance. And here's where things get interesting. The foil blade crafted to transcend the boundaries of your typical trim achieved with the trimmer blade. This foil blade is designed to leave you with a finish that's irresistibly, sleek and utterly bare. As if the lawnmower 5.0 ultra and white it isn't bright enough. Manscape upgraded their infamous LED lights. No more fumbling in the dark. Those tricky spots are now brightly illuminated. So join the 10 million men worldwide who trust Manscape for all their grooming needs and get the special edition lawnmower 5.0 in white hot while supplies last I Got something for you. 20% off plus free shipping. You use the codeLogan@manscape.com. That's 20% off and free shipping if you use the code. Logan Thank. you Manscaped back to the Show.


And I told Hannity the other night, I said I was one of these guys that was a coward You know I was one of these guys that wouldn't put a Trump sign on my yard or wouldn't wear the Trump show, the Trump hackers. I was afraid, you know, what might happen or or whatever. And I said, after they took that shot at him and tried to kill him, I said, that was it. Don. Don't think dude, don don't think you, that Was it. Yeah. I don't think you were a coward. I think there's a lot of people who just, Well silent You Know was silent. But not because you were, what are you scared? You're not scared of shit. There's a lot of people who up until this moment, until someone tried to take his head off, just didn't really wanna spend their time having that conversation. You see the fire that it brings to your porch when you put a sign up. Yeah. That you gotta deal with all the The feedback.


Yeah. The hatred, this, that, and now it becomes your life. It consumes your life. How much have you done over the past six days or however long it's been since you spoke at r and c related to this topic? It is now ingrained in your beat. Yeah. So like I, you're not a coward for having not gotten into it, but now it feels like people are being called to because he got shot at. Yeah. Which I understand completely. Well the whole, the whole vibe's changed because You know, like usually when I walk in like the arena last night, the chance will go Hogan. Hogan. As soon as I come in, You know. And I've been to a couple UFC fights where they'll be in that rest hold or don don't, don don't know exactly all the terminology. But a guy, I'll go behind somebody and try to put him in rear naked choke.


He won't quite get him. Or if they're against the cage, the whole crowd will start going ho. And I'm like, holy shit. You know. But last night we walked in, it was like u s a for Sure U s a and then all of a sudden they put the camera on me and my wife Sky. And the whole place was going F Joe Biden. That was before you guys came out. The whole building was going F Joe Biden. I was like, okay, this has changed a little bit. Well that's kind of what he's saying. You know now. Now it's at least momentarily kind of ingrained in, in your brand. Because I You did go to the RNC and fired up those Republicans crush you, you ripped a Shirt off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I had, I didn't wanna freak 'em out too bad because they made me go in the back and rehearse and I've never rehearsed anything You know.


Yeah. And I mean, even the matches I don't talk about, I never talked about a match. I heard this. We'll get into all Of that. No, no. But the whole thing was, I'm in the back and they got the po a plexiglass podium and there's like 20 giron sitting in there. I don't even know who the hell they were. And all of a sudden the lady was really nice. All the people were really nice and they had a teleprompter in front of me and one on each side. And you know, they said, we wanna time this. I'm like, oh, how much time do I have? Tough, tough. you know? And so I tried to do what they wanted me to do. I couldn't do it, man. Then I started losing my confidence. I started freaking, and I knew they were all scared that I was gonna You know blow it when I went out there.


And Vo Vo was cool. He knew, he knows what I'm up to. But it was kind of weird because when the stage matter goes, he is out there for six minutes and he hasn't read the teleprompter yet. We can't believe they haven't jerked him off the stage. I kind of pushed it, but bro, I only gave it 50%. I mean, now that I know I can get away with that crap, if I go talk again, I'm a, I'm a hammer it, bro. I'm a because once I get out there, I start thinking my mind goes to some really weird places, bro. You know I had some crazy stuff. I was gonna say Sky was scared of death. 'cause she knows anything that will come outta my Mouth. I can't wait to hear this a hundred percent One best. Yeah, she, she goes, I'm scared. I'm scared, I'm scared. You know. 'cause I don't know what's gonna come outta your mouth.


I said, I'll try to do the best I can. But yeah, it was fun, man. But I felt, I felt that those people, you know, believed in what I was trying to say about, about Trump You know. So it was kind of cool to feel that vibe. It's all, I also feel like there's a little bit of a course correction here on, out of the Trump camp and outta the Republican side to bring about that unity that you spoke about earlier, being a little bit more of an accepting conservative base. Yo, if you wanna come to our side, we'll accept you. We don't Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg last week. Yeah. Said that. What was that? Him or the robot? No, it was was, I think it was the real him. I don't think it was the clone. I think they actually Got Zucker. This, this one did seem like Mark himself.


He said, man, seeing Trump, You know get hit and throw his hand up before of the most badass things I've ever seen. He'd ripped me off bar for bar. Yeah. Bar for bar. He copied my tweet and you saw A couple people online say like, fuck him. We don't want him. He's been against us since day one. Stay on that side. Got it. But the majority of the basis said, listen, you want to come over here, we'll take you. Especially someone like Mark Zuckerberg. I've also noticed that Even, even just personally, I think we had him on our podcast. Yeah. I tweeted 'cause I I I thought this, this assassination survival was also one of the most badass things. Yeah. If not the most baddest thing I've ever seen in my life. And I, I I Got some comments myself. Like, you, you switched up. What about the comments you made about Trump back in 2020? And I'm like, don don't know. Like Is it Okay.


To like, change, change Or like, what if I change my mind? Is that, is that cool with you or am I like solidified in your mind to just be this one thing? But you're right. I I felt like not to get like into the politics too much about Oh we're here brother, but We're here brother. We're here brother. I did feel like that speech Yeah. At the RNC was, it felt more about like unity rather than like, I'm attacking my opponent. Which, which had I love that been the angle. I'd love That. Yeah. That well a lot of people, a lot of the haters, a lot of people that don't get it. It's like You know I was saved when I was 14 years old. I accepted Christ in my savior when I was 14 years old. Then I derailed of course because I played in the rock and Roll band for 10 years. That devil's music, that carnage.


And then I Got the wrestling business. I said, oh my God, these wrestlers party twice as hard as musicians. Oh God smokes. This is gonna be great, you know. But, but, but at the end of the day when I Got remarried to Sky and You know she was a believer. And we got the kids baptized. We got baptized. A lot of my old friends goes, he hasn't changed a bit. We know Hogan You know. He's You know it's a work. He's just, It's a work. He's Scamming. Brother You know, because I did run pretty hard. You know, I I I was the leader of the pack for about 20 years. You know, all my brothers are dead. So I, I would go to the edge and go Whoa, it's too far down for me. But You know, I did run pretty hard for a while. You know, It's so funny sitting with you, just candidly, I get the same kind of feeling I get when like Arnold Schwarzenegger sat here is like, there's just so much Logan.


There's, I don't even know where to like start This conversation. This is the best we've ever had on our show of 500 episodes that I've once played with a miniature version of for hours on it. Brother. I grew up playing with this man, twisting his arms off, making his arms go up and down like this. He, this is a fucking legend. Yeah. for Sure. We've, We've had almost 500 episodes on the show. We've been doing this show for six years. Trump Schwartzenegger. Dude, they, you're, this is one of the, for me, one of the craziest fucking guests. So yes, I Agree with you. Yeah. I don't even know. don don't even know where to start. Well, speaking of those darn figures, man, in January 23rd, 1984, I beat the Iron Sheik. So fast forward 40 years later to this January and Mattel went crazy with the action figures.


You know I made a whole bunch of stuff. And even though I'm not wrestling and I'm not one of the young guys like, like You know your brother here is, I still still got the number one selling action figure in The world. They've done like 70 different action figures of me. And the only one that they ever canceled was the vibrating one. 'cause I, I had a, I had a vibrating Hulk Coman action figure. They said, Sky's like I still have mine. Oh Yeah. Wow. That's strong brother. Wow. That's strong. Held Onto one. I love it. I love it. Oh Man, that's crazy. I had, I had one of yours that stretched. Yeah. That Was my favorite One. Dude, that's crazy. It's, It, I I am so impressed with anyone who can, who can be relevant for that long.


That's gotta be like, the hardest thing about any of these industries that we're in. It is just like, you've been doing it for so long, you're still at the top. I think because of the way you impacted the industry. You're like, one of the founding fathers of wrestling, you're probably on every wrestler's Mount Rushmore wrestlers. Oh Dude, come on. Gosh. You know, man. There's, there's a few haters out there. Like Who? Brett Hart. Why is he so bitter? Brett hates everybody. Why is he so hates? If it's not me, it's flair. It's Vince You know I'll never work for Vince again after what happened to my family. And then he is back. You know. It just, it just never ends with him. And I love Brett to death, man. I started with Brett. I mean, I mean, I remember when I was in Atlanta, I was in the business about three years and I was like 330 pounds, almost three 40, all natural.


Anyway. And I, I just remember Brett used to live across the hall with me. And when I was working for Channel 17, what was it, Crockett promotion that I was so big, Brett, they, I'd wrestle three guys once, so I'd pick all three of 'em up in a bear hug and just rag all You know. Yeah. And Brett was one of them, you know, and I'd throw him down, but we were just all getting started. So it was all fun. But then we got rolling and, and he just, man, it's just, it's just, he says I destroyed his career. you know, it's like, okay, all whatever, you know, I just don't, I just don't get it man. 'cause I love him to death.


He's a good guy. And he, he was a great asset to the business. You know It, it makes me sad seeing these clips of him just like shit on everyone that he used to work with Oh God and work for Oh God. That's crazy because like, he was a fantastic wrestler. But it, it, that bitter taste in his mouth is Is it at least a nasty taste in my mouth to watch. Like, as a fan of like why, why so angry after all these years? Like, let It let it go. You know it. The, the vibe, the You know similar vibes and similar energy like attracts like, so when you talk that you, you attract more of that hatred and, and that negativity and it's just, it is not good man. It's time to, you know, switch up man, and, and be positive and happy and love people You know. It's, it's, I don't think people get that.


I feel like people always say they want happiness and they want positivity, but they don't understand that the only way to get that is to put it out. Yeah. You Put that stuff out there, it always, it comes back to you. You, you greet someone with a Smile there, you brother, all Of a sudden they're smiling back at You. You got it. It's so funny how much wrestling has changed since you started and I'm, I am like the newest guy in wrestling. Yeah. And like the, the newest generation of it. And I, I think it'll probably even change from now and then until 10 years from now. Yeah. But like, it is funny how like, I'm a, I'm a big guy. I'm 6 2, 2 10, 2 20. Yeah. And big guy. Yeah. Well, people say they meet me, they're like the, the Commons usually like, yo, you're bigger in person.


But when you guys wrestled, you guys were huge. And you're saying you were even just a medium sized guy. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and I think in like a blanket statement, the style from at least when you wrestled to now these over the top personalities, right. To Now I, think maybe a more tactical move, set based, physicality based, athletic matchmaking, athleticism style Yeah. Takes, takes precedent. Do you see that happening? And do you have any opinions about the way wrestling has changed and evolved? Yeah. It, it Is it is changed a lot. I mean the, the wrestlers You know back in the day, You know if you're a wrestler, you had to have the look huge arms and a big belly, you know, basically.


So you look like a wrestler. And like before I went to do the Rocky three movie, if you came to my house, my mother would go, all right, stand against the wall. And she'd get a little pencil and she'd put your height up there and put your name. So when I went to do the, the Rocky Movie, I was six foot seven and I weighed 330 pounds. I had a 34 inch waist. I was in crazy shape. That's crazy. Fast forward 35 years later, right before my mother passed You know, she goes, Terry, get up the wall. Get on the wall. So she measured me again. I was like six four You know and like Right. Now I Weigh 2 65. That's what I weighed in ninth grade. You know. So it's kind of like, I'm still bigger than most of the wrestlers. you know, you're a big guy.


A lot of the wrestl, but a lot of them are are smaller. So it's kind of weird because a lot of the, the smaller guys, You know, have kind of like went from mid card players to tag team players. Now they're the main event guys. Yeah. Where when I was in the business, if some of these guys came along that were You know under six feet and, and You know a hundred eighty, a hundred eighty five pounds, they would've never even been those. It was like the N nba A almost Up. Yeah. It's changed a lot. But the, the, the stuff that's going on in the ring and, and the, the athleticism and, and the moves they're doing. Man, I always tell everybody You know, it's kinda like keep those boots on the ground. Brother You know. Because some people can dive off the top and do flips and go out.


It doesn't mean anything. It's all about storytelling. Now if you do that and you're telling a good story, that changes the game. But You know to draw money, you gotta, you gotta tell a great story to keep getting the people back in the seats. But it's changed a lot now because there aren't that many attractions. He's got a ch he's got an opportunity to be a huge attraction in this business. Yeah. But usually the attractions like Stone Cold and, and Andre the Giant and some guy named Hulk Hogan You know, back in the day they were the star. Now the production is the star. Yeah. You know the, the TV shows the star. Yeah. you know, there's interchangeable parts. One guy with brown hair that's six feet tall gets hurt. You bring another one for the performance center, give him a push.


Nobody knows the difference. You know. And so it's, it's a, it's a little bit different. And, but they're always looking for that attraction. You know. And so watching you, my brother, you, you have a, an opportunity to be the next big attraction in this business simply because you, you got your shit together. I've never seen anybody get this as quick as you have Thank you, I've never seen anybody since I've been a wrestling fan since I was in the business four years, I've never seen anybody pick up on it as quick as you have and your stuff looks fucking believable. There's no holes in your work. So just don't get hurt. Mm. Yeah. That is the big thing, huh. Well, first off honor to hear that Thank You.


Well, I told your brother that when I saw him in Miami. What, a month ago, baby. Yeah. He called me. He said, he, he told me that, man, it's, it's such an honor hearing that from you, obviously. And, and I think I've recently kind of had that realization and I, and I try to say this humbly, but also not, I did like look in the mirror and looked at my, my, my craft. And I, I thought like, I think I could do this if I actually like devote my time to it. So I did have the conversation with Triple H. I said, Hey, I want to be the guy. What do I have to do to be the guy? Yeah. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna start making that run next year. Good. 2025. Good. And, and and, and I've, I've learned so much.


Wrestling is the hardest thing I've ever done. I've done a lot. It, it, it is by far the most difficult thing I've ever had to do. There are so many skills involved. It is a 360 degree arc as You know. And at the end of the day, like you just said, it always comes back to storytelling. Yeah. What is, what is that, that root of that story you're trying to tell. So you can hook people into your arc. But what I don't understand, and I, and I've heard these stories as, as I'm matchmaking and match building, is your ability to show up on the day and call the match on the spot. Yeah. Because how can you, how can you tell a story that Well, on the fly in my head at at least the way I like even just script my content or anything, I, I'm, I'm mapping out the beats You know.


Yeah. The exposition, the, the climax, the all this loss moment. Yeah. Like all, all of that. Yeah. And, and so how were you able to do that and, and still tell these incredible stories with your work? Well, I had a good teacher. I had Andre who taught me Mm. You know. And he beat the shit on me for about eight years. And then I kind of won him over in Japan. 'cause I spent half the year in Japan. you know, I'd go to Japan 22 to 24 weeks a year. And You know, they, I worked for Shinda Pond Pro Wrestling over there. They opened a company called Pride, also Pride. So he, so when you'd walk in the locker room, everything was written in Japanese and they wrote the card out every night.


And you never knew who you were wrestling. 'cause I couldn't read the Japanese stuff. And you didn't know if it was one of the boys from New Japan pro wrestling or was one of the pride guys like Bob Sap or one of these crazy son fishes, you know. So every night you'd been, thank God I was young back then, so I could, I wasn't afraid to fight anybody back in the day, but it was just different. But Andre pretty much taught me, you know, and it, one of the, one of the weirdest things that happened was when I went to work for Ted Turner and me and Eric Bishop got that whole NWO thing going. You know, we tried for like almost nine years to put Vince out business, You know.


And we're at war because that me and Vince is like this love hate relationship with me and him, you know. And so at, at the end of the day when we came back to the end, back to the wwe, Vince calls me and goes, oh, I want you to work with the Rock. Well, my goal was to work with Stone Cold, Steve Austin and You know, have a couple year run with him as the bad guy. You could beat me every night and I could lie slipped on a banana peel, sun was in eyes. Somebody pissed on my back. I thought it was raining. What? I? Got. A million excuses. Yeah. But when I went back, he wanted me to work with the Rock. And the rock was on the way out. You know. And so Vince goes, well, You know Hogan, things have changed and when you come back you better bring it so respectfully.


I said, yes sir, I'll, I'll bring it. You know, but I, in, in my mind, I'm going, brother, if I bring me, if I bring my shit, you're gonna have be asking me to take it back. You know. So then I'm sitting at home and I had a little warmup batch with Ricki here in Tampa. And my kids were sitting at ringside. So I told Ricki, I said, buckle me, reversed it and charge me. You know, so boom, we, he, you know, he reversed it. Boom. I hit the buckle and I forgot he was coming. 'cause I said, charge me. So I looked over at my son Nick. I was like, ha. Laughing, laughing. And all of a sudden I get this You know, 380 pound Samoan squash me. I wasn't, I didn't flex. So I broke a couple of my ribs, right? So then I called Vince, I said, bro, I, Got broke a couple ribs screwing around.


I said, I need a doctor in Toronto when I get there. He goes, oh, well before you You know he called me Monster. Well Monster, before you go to Toronto, I need you down to Miami tomorrow. I said, Miami, why Miami? Well, the Rock wants to rehearse the match. I said, rehearse what? I, I've never rehearsed anything in my life. What are you talking about? Well, You know, we just wanna make sure you can still go. I'm like, alright. So outta respect, they go down to Miami. They got this ring set up in this hot ass warehouse. And thank God the Rock's dad was there. Rocky Johnson, who I traveled with, he was one of my guys, you know, and Pat Patterson was there.


And so I Got in the ring with a rock outta respect. And I had, I really hadn't seen the Rock since I threw my headband out. And he caught it when he was a kid. You know. That's crazy. And, and so now we're in the ring and he's just major star I Got. Nothing but respect for him. 'cause he's really good. The ring bow, I watched him, he really has his shit together. So we get there and all of a sudden You know we're talking about, okay, we're gonna lock up. And he, now he's telling me, and he's got this whole thing in his head, we're gonna lock up, go to the corner, you go, go to throw the punch. I'll duck, I'll block it, spit Back, wait quickly. This is the first time you've ever been through a rehearsal like this? Yes. In 30 years. It's Shocking. They told me this so shocking. s not the 'cause the way he was explaining the Reishi match before too.


He's like, all right. I told him, throw me off the buckle and chart. You told him in that, in the moment. Yes, Mike. Yes. They call it on the spot the entire match. Yeah. No, it's, it's how, how he things used to be done. Yeah. How? It's insane. It's Insane. Oh, I just, I was just lead. It's insane, dude. I'll just lead the match bro. I listen to my ears and my heart. I can hear what they want, you know? And so at the end of the day, the rocks saying, okay, duck this punch, bang, bang, bang. Then get some heat on me, shut me down. The ducks closed on two drop kits over the top. Pull me out, You know, run me in the pool. And he's telling me all this stuff. I'm like, I'm going, you got the whole match planted out. He goes, well no. He goes, these are all the high spots and all the good stuff. I said, well what if this doesn't work and the people shit on it.


Are we gonna keep doing this? You know? He goes, oh, that'll be fine. This, that and the other. Sitting in this a hundred degree warehouse is Rocky Johnson Rock. Dad going, Dwayne, listen to Hogan. you know, oh man, Dwayne, listen to Hogan. you know? And so Pat Patterson goes, all right, now we want you to go through the match. I said, no. I said, if I go through this match now I'm gonna get hurt. There's No way in hell I can wrestle with no people. I need 50, 60, 70,000 people. You know I can't wrestle, By the way. And this is still with your ribs. Fuck shit. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I wasn't selling it bro. You know. I was all giving stuff and shit. I wasn't selling that shit. But anyway, so then we go to Toronto, right?


We're in the dressing room and I really don't even like to get dressed in the dressing room with the guy I'm wrestling. You know. 'cause I want things to be organic. I wanna be able to feel, I don't like sitting in the dressing room with the guy. It's just something about that. I just like my cooler full of beer. You know I have my f my few beers and stuff and then I'm ready to go. And so He's so old school man. It's, it's so impressing. And that beer for him, he is a real American. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like I don't, if you ask like, who is number one real American Hulk, Hogan's gotta be. Okay, so Now, I've tried to remember some of these things, okay. And all of a sudden I go out to the ring, Now, I put, I've hit the rock in the back of the head with a hammer, a balling hammer.


I put him in an ambulance. I put chains around the ambulance. I've got in a semi, I've ran the ambulance over with the semi. Vince is gonna do it again. I ran, run, run the ambulance over again with a semi. I thought for Sure I pissed people off. You know I tried to do whatever I could to get heat. 'cause I'm now, I'm Hollywood Hogan. Yeah. you know the bad guy. You know Scott Hall. I don't bullshit. God bless you. But anyway, so Now I come out to the ring of Russell 18 and they cheer like crazy. Yeah. I'm going, oh shit, we got a problem. Yeah. Now he comes out and they boo the piss out of him. And so we start the match like he wanted to back.


And all of a sudden as he is hitting me, they're just booing the shit out of him. Ugh. You know all of a sudden thumb in the eye, throat, whatever. I I said slow down brother. Yeah. So I said, take us a few minutes to get this back on track. So I started listening, You know, and we got it back on track. And, but then once we got on track, man, he was perfect. He, he pivots, you know, and he's, he's, he makes the transitions and he knows placement, the timing, you know, the balance. Everything he's got is spot on. So it was just like a pleasure worth me. I wish we'd never talked You know. 'cause we really didn't do any of that shit we talked about. So, okay, so you just went off script. Yeah, so we just basically, and actually usually I call the match in the ring, but he was so good.


He was talking to me too. You know if somebody's that good, I listen Brother You know. 'cause I can learn on the spot and they're really quick. But that's how it works. you know, you just gotta You know you got, it's a, it's a, it's an art form. You know. And, and once you've, it's all instinct. You know, and it's, and it's heartfelt. And once you really figure it out, and once you get out there, then you can call your own destiny. Then you can You know, make your own the right deal for yourself. You know, once you get to that place where you're a real attraction, sometimes you get bigger than the company. And that can be a problem, Man. I strive to reach that level of mastery. No, you gotta, you got an opportunity to do that brother. Because you should not be any type of championship the world's champion at this point.


You need to make that quick transition. And if they're smart and Triple H is smart. That transition dish, that transition needs to be made this year. You hear that? Triple H also? No, He, bro, he's sharp. Let's going to Netflix as well. Right. And that the demos are gonna overlap. Yeah. Social media kid combined with the the wrestling era demographic and, and, and I think it could be the perfect intersection. It is. That's That's exciting. That would be, that's what the next attraction should be. This Dude, I'm, I'm, I'm, I wanna put in the work. I told them Yeah. Like I'm I, they call me a part-timer that, that offends me. But I get it. I'm also expensive, you know, so that's cool. Well, you know what, how would I put this kindly?


There's, there's, there's, how would I say this and not get heat on myself? No, you, you got the new they, they, they, they, there's not a number. They can't write a check for brother. I No, IIII know that. I know that. But I also You, know what I'm saying? I don. I also don't wanna be greedy. 'cause it isn't, it isn't entirely about the money for me. Like, I just, I just want to feel like my, my time is being valued. That's all. I I, I, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm not gonna run up a check for that because I I I really do love it. Yeah. Well that's cool. But they they go together. They go together man. Yeah. You know they really do $5 billion Netflix deal. I think you need an, I think you need an Entourage, like a Paul bearer. That's the only thing that probably that probably Jeff, Jeff, somebody probably needs all voting, cut his deals for him underneath.


Yo. For real, for Real. Sorry Jeff. Sorry Jeff, you're out laughing. Sorry Jeff, you're out. No, but you can still hand me the brass knuckles. No, but here's the deal bro. Triple H. Triple H is a very smart man. He gets it. You know. He's know, he knows what time it is. So I wanted to ask about the difference in leadership now. Yeah. Because Triple H has You know they're calling it the, what are they saying? The hashtag Logan Paul deve era. They're, they're calling it. And I think that's, I think that's accurate. It's indicative of the times. But things have changed since Vince was around. And I only know that because they tell me obviously, like I was the last superstar that Vince signed before he resigned. And I hear how different the change in leadership is. And now at least there seems to be a lot more creative freedom for the, the, the stars to, to use and, and do what they want.


Are you seeing that change? Do you like it? Do you think it's good for the business? Well, so I'm not, you know, I'm not interactive with you guys. Now, I mean, you know, if I was wrestling I could really answer that question. But all I know is You know working with Vince for all that time now, working with Nick Conn, you know, 'cause I, I signed a five year deal. I'm gonna be 71 years old in a few weeks. But I signed a five year deal for, you know, the licensing and merchandising stuff. Mm. And You know, like the ambassador stuff. If they need me to do something for WrestleMania, I just love doing it, you know. But it's definitely different because with Vince, Hey Vince You know let's do the NASCAR thing.


I need six more monster trucks. Or Hey brother You know I need, I know twin referees. Hmm. Want, think about a monster You know, Vince would kind of like, you know, I'd sit in a room with him. It was just him and I, we'd be working a year backwards storyline wise. And I'd say, well what about at the six month period if I put the belt on Piper and, oh let think about it, he would do this and stare like this For like an hour and not say a word to me. I just You know. And he was soul searching and thinking about it, thinking about the final decision. And I just remember working with him. You know I could go back and forth with, with him and we'd agree to disagree, but most of the time You know he, I said, Vince, I feel it, bro, you're not out there.


You know. But then he eventually did get out there. But what I feel with the leadership is working with Nick Conn now, he's more for me just business cut, cut and dry business. Yep, yep. He doesn't overthink the creative and I don't, I don't deal with the creative too much unless I talk to Bruce Pritchard or something. They ask me a question about a finish or something like that. I really don't get involved too much. But just working with the two different heads of state, if you could call it that Nick Conn is just strictly business. So I said, Hey brother You know this artwork that hasn't been used for 35 years. I need it for my real American beer. And so Nick Conn goes, lemme get back to you in a couple days. I said, okay, fine. No rush. So when he calls me back, You know we talked and all of a sudden, you know, he goes, well You know you can use the artwork, this and that and the other, but You know I need, I don't wanna say the number, but I need X amount of percentage off every million bucks you make.


I said, well, you know, instead of me, you know, paying you guys hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars in pr, potentially millions of dollars, I can go out for 300 bucks, Nick and have, you know, someone do this artwork again. Reasonably similar, maybe even reasonably confusing. But You know I, but I wouldn't do that. I'd do something a little different. Then Nick goes, oh, You know. Lemme just gift it to you. I said, good. 'cause we're on the same team, brother. We're on the same team. So Nick was really cool. Yeah. He was just sitting down and talking with him, and he made it really easy on me. You know. And, and Vince was great too, but I just don't know if Vince would make that quick of a decision, especially when I pulled up short and with his Hold on, brother You know. I just, I'm asking for a caricature. It's just some simple ass artwork.


Yeah. You know and Nick gut it and, and knew that I could have something else drawn up the next day. Man. You know. He's, but he was, he's been very easy and, and supportive and helpful. And when he came up to me the first time I met him with his wife and kids, his whole rep was, oh my God, I've been a hu maniac all my life. I grew up watching. And I, and I said, and I said to his wife, how do you put up with this? She goes, oh, all he does is talk about Hulk comedian Hulk Hogan shows our kids the matches. So he gets it. you know what I'm saying? So I'm on the team and, and I just want them to know that they have my support, you know, especially for guys like this and the new guys that are coming in. Man, when I see a talent, man, I, I You know, I get in his ear about it.


You know Do. When you go to the headquarters nowadays and you see all these like people in Suits walking around and they're putting food in the microwave and it's like 15 story headquarters. You go to a match, the guys finish up and they leave and they put those big legs, sleeves on. Yeah. And they hang out and do stem cells and shit. Do you ever think like, it'll just never be the same as it was me, dude, me and You know the boys sitting in the office playing in Soul search and going out cracking beers. No corporate bullshit. Do you ever yearn for the old days? Well, I had my time brother. I wouldn't wanna relive 'em. 'cause it was, it was a rough run. It was, it was, it was, it was crazy because when I was wrestling, I'd go like the Philadelphia spectrum.


I'd go to Russell Piper and Vince would go, Hey, You know Terry. Tell Piper we need to get about 20 minutes in. You need to drop the leg. 1, 2, 3. But then after you drop the leg and he leaves the ring, as you're doing your posing You know and you're doing your stuff holding the belt, I want him to circle back, drop you, get some heat, get some major color, because we're gonna come back in a lumberjack match. Then we get up, finish for that. Then we're gonna come back in a steal cage match, You know, and three or four in a row. So I tell Piper, Hey, you know, I was just talking to Vince, who wants me to drop the leg. It's fuck no, I'm not putting you over. I said, okay. Well they, they, that's how it was back then. Yeah. Yeah. I said, well, here's the deal, brother You know it's okay. We can figure something out for night.


But Vince was gonna go with you, you and I two, three times. you know, you know, we're gonna make some serious bread, but that's okay, bro. I, Got other people I can work with, you know, and, and you go work with somebody else. You know. And so that's how it was. Even back in the day. You know Paul Ordo was another one. Never wanted to put anybody over. Mm. You know as a baby face. They told me, don't even go down to a knee. you know, this Hulkamania thing was so big. Mm. But then when I turned heel, you know, it was easy. You could beat me every night. It wouldn't matter. 'cause You know I could lie, lie, cheat, and steal. But it was different back then. At the end of the day, you know, I Got over because all the guys You know, supported me and, and, and put me over and stuff like that.


And I mean, it, it is good now that they've got the You know, the, the squirrels under control. You know, instead of them running wild, at least when they tell you a finish, there's these guaranteed contracts, which they didn't have back in the day. You know if you got hurt, you didn't make any money. And so I think it's a little easier now, but You know, watching what you're doing, you have a certain error about you that you're a really good heel naturally. And what is so cool, you're gonna make 'em one of the best baby faces ever when they turn you. Mm. 'cause the more heat you get and the more hate you, they hate you, you're gonna be an awesome baby face.


For instance, bloodline. Now they're starting to cheer for Roman. Yeah. Just quick thought off the top of my head. Roman comes back, they bloodline grounds the shit up and beats him like a dog and eat. He hits the ring to save Roman. It would get him over. Bam. Instantly. Here's the only, here's the only D Instantly need Babyface be a huge, it'll be Hulk Hogan. Babyface personified. Well, here's the only difference I want to ask you about this. He's, he, I don't know if this has ever really truly existed before. I'll drink to that. But he's, he's the only person that's Ever I've that shit all day long. He's the only person that's ever been hated prior to creating his character in the, in the wwe.


That's awesome. So, so that's my question to you is like, Is it as easy to like switch someone who has a blended real life with WWE e life. Yeah. Into a person that is loved by all when he's not been able to do that outside of the ring. Does that make sense? Yes. I love him. For instance, if I, But I'm in the, I'm in the fucking Minority Hill. That's the 5% instance. There's a couple more over there. It's just, it's it's my mom. Well, That's mama. Yeah. She goes high. She loves me as far as I know. Yeah. No, but it, it's, it's, the wrestling fans are very, forgive You know if Chris been walking and do the crap he did. And the fans still love him. you know, they're very forgive You know I've, I've made some major mistakes in my personal life and yeah, they're very, very forgive.


But they forgive you. But a situation like this with him for You know, for instance, if I just wanted to open Monday Night Raw and all of a sudden Brock Lizard's music started and Brock Lizard's gonna be a baby face too. Yeah. Let's to say, I don't know who the bad guys are. Now, I can't. I don't know all of 'em, but whoever the number one bad guy is all. Yeah. Maybe. Who's the number one bad guy? Probably, probably Dominic or solo. Solo Koa. Yeah. Yeah. Just like, if it was the bloodline came out and You know he got the old man standing in the middle ring going, Hey brother, love on Monday Night Raw or whatever I'm doing. Yeah. And, and all of a sudden they came out and just grounded the piss out of me and pulled the rag off my bald head and started shaving up my mustache off.


If he came and hit the ring and he got the rub, the red yellow rub done. Doesn't matter where he is, been what he is done. It is all about getting that right rub at the right time. It's all a timing thing. So You know it's, it. I I can't wait to see him turn your baby face. It's gonna be great, but not yet. Yeah. don don't know. Not yet. I have no interest in doing that. No. Yeah. I I think being healed is fucking awesome. But you gotta realize, bro, this is not a work. Okay. This is a shoot. What? The business is a shoot. Everybody's gonna tell you it's a work. It's not a work. What Do you mean The business is a shoot? I Don't, don don't know if I Understand if I wrestle you right now. Yeah.


And Vince pays you a million bucks and he pays me 5 million. Yeah. Is that a work or a shoot? I don't know. I don't think I know the terms. Let him explain It. Oh, you don't know the terms? What A shoot. What a sh I know a work. What is a shoot? Come on. You're bullshitting me. He's Not, he's serious. Yeah. I'm, I'm fucking with you. Okay. Thank you. No, he is not. No, he's not. He is not. Yeah. Tell Him you, You embarrassed bad. Okay, that's fine. How about this? Can you explain it to our audience at home quickly? That doesn't understand. Fuck, I blew it. Somebody just a note. Shut up. He's gonna explain it to the audience. Logan, Logan knows what means.


No, no, no. Logan knows what it means. But maybe just explain it to our audience at home quickly. Sorry to Explain. Brother, come over here. You come here. Oh, Kevin, sit right here. Sit right here. Oh, oh, Pleasure sir. Good to see you. Good to see you. Okay. If we're here, face me. I'm not getting up. I'm too tired to get up. If, if you're here and I was to grab a top wrist lock on you like this, okay. No, no. That's a work. If I go through here, It actually hurts. Oh, you gonna kill Kevin? No, I could break your arm here. You can about to turn me to Carne, for instance, if I grab, come here, if I grab a headlock on you and I grab the headlock like this, that's a work. If I grab it like this, I put that bone against your head. Oh, You know. That's a shoot. Okay. See you.


No, but no the working the shoes when you're working together, I see. you know, or when you're doing something for real, bro. If I'm making more money than you, that's for real. If I'm a baby face and my merchandise is selling more than yours, that's, that's a shoot. Yeah. So this business, back in the days used to be about the money and the miles is how far you travel for how much money you make. But at the end of the day, if I'm like You know WrestleMania three, God bless the soul, Andre, I made a lot more money than him. You know. Thank God he never found out You know. But that's a shoot, bro. If somebody's making more money than me, I'm not gonna go. Okay. It doesn't matter if I'm a heel and I make less money, that's a lot of work to me. That's a shoot.


I see you and I are in the ring and we're fighting and we're driving the same amount of miles and we're busting our ass and breaking sweat and getting hurt in that ring. And you make more money than me. That's a shoot to me, man. Mm. you know, and you know, I don't care if I'm a baby face or a good guy. It's a work. It's, it's a work. No, it's not a work. If someone makes more money than you, to me, that's a shoot. Yeah. But isn't that then, isn't it always a shoot? Yeah. Thank you. That's why I keep saying, and you know, just because we're working in the ring, but the business is a shoot. This is about making money. Right. You know. So for me, it's, I've always looked at it that way. And when Iwo, when I worked for Vince Sr. He always played paid the champion more than the guy he was wrestling. So all of a sudden when Vince Sr.


Passed the torch to Vince, and all of a sudden, you know, my first check at the garden was some crazy check You know. And I beat the Iron Sheik the next month. You know when Vince Junior was running, my check was nowhere near what my first check was. I said, oh bro, that doesn't work for me. Mm. You know. So I, I kept trying to keep things going as long as I could with Vince senior's theme. But at the end of the day, for me, the business has always been a shoot. Because if someone makes more money than me, that's a shoot to me. you know, I just can't go. It's a work. It doesn't matter if his merchandise sells 10 times as much as mine. It's a work. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So when you turn Babyface, watch what happens.


Watch how your stuff blows through the roof. I mean, I'm gonna be a girl dad and we have a couple pretty intimate pieces of programming coming out. Some big announcements. And I think people are gonna get an inside scoop at like, my, my real life that I've never shown before. My family life. Yeah. And since I'm not really playing a character in the wwe, I'm just like amplifying the worst part of myself, which does exist. But it is weird 'cause they know me and when they like this audience, they know me. Yeah. And then the wwe e here I am like being a dickhead. Yeah. And I find the older, I get a couple daughters.


Yeah. I'm sure I'm gonna have all daughters. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get softer. I, I, I wonder how much I'm gonna be okay with being like likable or unlikable. Like, I, I don don't know It's gonna change, bro. It, it is gonna change. It's gonna change. It's gonna change The mo as evil as you can get. I mean, the worst nastiest heel in the business is always the best baby face. So just keep doing your thing. And when they switch you, bro, it's gonna be just insane. I'm so excited for Roman to come back and for Having face. Yeah, bro. They're, they're already turning baby face. They're, they haven't done anything. They're, they're They's insane. Man. This show is a shoot for me, bro.


You make way, you make way more money than I do. Oh. Oh, shoot. Hey bro, I just, I finally realized it happened. Show Bro. You're getting pumped out, man. Dude, This is a shoot Bro. It Is. I guess it Is it is a shoot. Totally is. It's unreal. Dude. I could, I Just Well then if you get paid like him, you'd get your ass in the ring. Man. You know. Hell no. He was, he was, he got his ass kicked by The whole I did. I did. I jumped in in Saudi Arabia. Who? So I Got Crap kicked outta me, dude. I took one bump and I was like, nah, don don't think I can do it. I wanna do like a, a Haman or like a pa bear. Yeah. What what most Just walk around behind him with the belt. What most people don't understand is how forgiving this business is. Man. I mean, you get hurt in there all the time. You know. Unforgiving, Unforgiving. No, no, no. Yeah.


Totally unforgiving. One of the first things I learned, this shit Hurts so bad. It All hurts. We've had football over the years. Football players trying to come in. Bill Relic was great. Manga McMichael made it. We've had several guys come in, refrigerator, Perry, all of 'em. They just in and out had all kind of UFC guys come in, don don't want to drop names. We had a bunch UFC guys come in after a day or two they're going screw this, You know, dude, the USOs told me, they're like, don't worry about it. The adrenaline will take care of all of it. Yeah. And it did for, for a few minutes. But then later that night I was like, damn dude, that fucking Hurt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know I was Brock er adapted real well. You know. Yeah. Benjamin Shelton, a lot of guys, Kurt Angle You know, It's, it, it's a lot about navigating pain.


Yeah. I think I realize Yeah. Mentality. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Both, both mental and, but honestly, honestly, probably just physical. Like if you, if you have a high physical pain threshold, you, I think you'll be a little bit better off. Right. Because you're gonna get rocked, man. That's why Trump was so good. Yeah. He gets shot and keeps going. Dude. Insane. Unreal. Insane. Yeah, he was, he's he was, he's tripping man. I mean he And did you see his, did you see his ear by chance? Is it. Yeah. Is it. Is there a piece missing? Oh no, I didn't see it that way. No, it's Covered. It's Well I know, but I thought maybe he, like, I would definitely would've Asked him if, I'm just so curious. 'cause like if he's missing a piece of his ear, like on some Evander holyfield shit. Yeah. I don't, I don't think, I don't think he is.


'cause don don't think he even got, how could he not, not I don could he not I? think he even got stitches. Then where's, where did the Blood come from? I don't know. I don You know. We weren't gonna talk about it a lot on this episode, but like, man, if you, if you really pulled just a graze off of that shot, dude, like God is favored favoring you, dude. Yeah. Because that's, Yeah. I'm gonna ask him to see it. I'm, I'm, we'll probably see him next week down in Palm Beach. You should please, please. So I'm gonna ask him to see. I'm gonna take a picture of the damn thing. Yeah. for Sure. Yeah. I tried, I tried to get, I tried to get the hat that he was wearing. Oh really? I'm a collector. So the, the first question I asked to his team was like, ha they glad he is alive. Where's the hat? Who has the hat? Yeah. That's crazy. Give you a million for it. Right. Now I offered 2 million for it. They wouldn't, they wouldn't.


No. Shit. I believe it's the most important artifact in American history. Yes. That hat. And I bet it has his blood on it. Wow. Well the car JFK was in would probably be up there. You want one? It's True. It's not as easy to put in a display case. I, Got something. I just get something crazy at home. I Got a pair of yellow boots that have Andre the Giants bullet on him. Oh shit. Can you imagine cloning that big? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, bro. Cloning him. Let's clone him. We probably could. Yeah. That'd be crazy, right? Are you Into collectibles? Not really, bro. I mean, I, I I gave away so much stuff. You know, like when I was the champion, we used to do a lot of promos, a lot more than they do now. So if I was coming to the capital center in Washington, I'd do four or five promos, three minute promos.


Four weeks from now brother. I'll be at the Capital Center. Three weeks from now I'm training, you know, I'm hanging off the Washington Memorial two weeks from now. you know what? I was just training with Bill Clinton and You know what, we took that blue dress and we had a picnic You know, You know to You know one week from now and tonight's night. So I'd do all these promos and I would sit in a room with me and Jean for like four or five hours and I just bang one after another, one after another. Because when you tell stories every week, You know. And you get the asses in seats. Then you walk out there and just pick your money up. That's easy. You gotta fill those buildings. So I used to go through those tid belts. You know, like every, every three or four weeks, You know I would just sweat through 'em. You know.


And so it was, what was I talking about again? Yeah, Don don't know. 'cause this keeps happening to me as well. Well, it's early. We had a long night last, didn't get Last night of What the hell is that v was I talking about? I'm even surprised We're all you're not even listening. Is it. Can I ask you, can I ask one more one more question? Yeah. Is there anybody You, what was I talking about? Collectible? Collectibles. Oh, collectibles. No, I don't, but no, but I, I, I gave all my stuff away and I used to get these belts like every month Vince would have to make You know belt. I was sweat through the leather. My yellow, yellow tights would get brown. And I was just, I was staying soak and wet. So I was giving them away from motorcycles and cars. Sick and sick. My friends sick You know, I just give 'em away. You know. It's like I gave one to some guy at Harley Davidson, he gave me 10 motorcycles, you know?


Oh my God. And so just, it was crazy back then. You know. I Can't even imagine. Yeah. I cannot even imagine the things that you've seen that, is there anybody that you haven't met? 'cause 'cause you've, I'm sure you've met shook hands, partied with everybody. Is there anybody that you haven't met that you always wanted to? Like, do you ha do you have any like, people that you look at rock stars idols? Probably. Probably the one guy that I really wanted to meet, actually there were two. One guy I wanted to meet was Elvis. you know, can't make, but when I started wrestling in Memphis, he used to ride a Harley and put a helmet on at night. He'd go out at night and ride his Harley around. And then he'd come to the Mid-South Coliseum and sit way up in the top of the building and watch wrestling.


you know. And I came along and went through Memphis right after he passed away. Oh. you know? And I said, damn, if I'd have came here sooner. 'cause I was wrestling in North Florida, Pensacola. And they were trying to get me to come to Memphis. 'cause when I was young, I had a look. To me, I was really big and I was about 80 pounds heavier than I'm now and taller. So I had this look, even though I was green, they still put me in all the main events. And when they told me Elvis was up there all the time and he, I said, oh, I wish I'd have met him. Ho Hogan times. Elvis is potentially the most American collaboration. Oh Actually, yeah. That Could ever exist. Yeah. There's literally no one you could plug into either spot. Yeah. The, and the other guy I really wanted to meet was John Wayne. And of course he died way before I was old enough to make a move.


But I bought his limo, John Wayne's limo. That's sick. Oh, you did? There's another Collectible. Yeah. So that was kind of cool. I I wanted to ask you just kind of talking about something earlier when you were working with The Rock and you, and you met him for that first time in that warehouse and you kind of caught his vibe. Did you, could you tell that Dwayne Johnson was a star? Oh God? Yes, brother. Oh my God. Yeah. He had that over. Oh, he, he had the it factor, bro. I mean, you either have it or you don't. You got it. Are you sure? I'm positive. You've got it. You had the it factor brother. You have No, I'm serious. I'm not joking. You really do Thank. you, your brother's got it too. Yeah. Oh, I. think he has it more than me.


I think, dude, if he, if Jake had my athletic ability, he would be such a good wrestler. Too big of Cals. Just, just, just the, just the way he like talks and even just looks that big thick beard I. don know. If you saw it the other day with Mike Perry, him and Mike were doing brother. Hey, I'm gonna tell you what brother. Yeah. Going back and forth like Yeah, That's actually a good point. Yeah. That you say that he, he, he might be better at the promo side than You are. He, he totally Is it. But you're just way more athletic. Way more athletic. Yeah. He can't do this stuff. Maybe a clone of you, some sort of hybrid clone of you two. Yeah. With Re the Giant, I'll tell you what, I gotta move named after. you know what inspired by you?


It's called the, it's called the Hawk Logan. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I do the ear, I run off the ropes and I do a split. 'cause I'm pretty flexible and I bring my leg way up and just land on the dude. And then I flex while I'm on top of it. That's awesome. Yeah. I've never pinned anyone with it. It's more for, it's more kind of flashy. That's cool. Mad disrespectful. Just balls in the chest. Yeah. Balls in the chest. There you go. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the rock, bro, when we're talking about him, he's, he's, he's, he had the it factor and in the ring, man, don don't know what it was about that guy, bro. But he's You know. And I, I'm, I'm not trying to kiss your ass, but Instinct. You guys have instinct and that's what he had a lot of guys, and I don't wanna drop names, but a lot of guys have been in the wrestling business 25, 30 years.


They're friends of mine. They never figure it out. They think they're superstars and made certain amount of money and, but they never figured the art form out. Mm. They still talk. I mean, I walk into catering and they'll be talking to the guy. They're gonna wrestle for two hours and they got a seven minute match. Yeah. What the fuck are you talking about For two hours in here? you know, they made Mevo with me. They made rehearse it the Republican National Convention. They screwed me up about it. Almost couldn't talk. Yeah. 'cause they made me go in a back room with a plexiglass podium and a teleprompter in front of me on each side of the stage. And the lady was really nice, the stage manager. That must have been 20 people in the room. And they wanted me to read this copy.


And I'm like, I don't even speak like this. Yeah, yeah. you know, and, and it I Got to the point where I started getting self-conscious and I think they thought I was gonna shit the bed. I was so bad. And then my wife saw me, I went in the back room and there was a band playing. So I just get into the music, You know. And I just, I just got away from everybody. Yeah. And I needed about five minutes to get in the zone. I'm like, all right brother, let's go. Yep. You know? And once I Got there, I was like, good. And then once I did my thing, it was cool. But, you know, I'm just glad they didn't pull me off the stage 'cause I wasn't reading the teleprompter. She hate you Hate rehearsals. Oh fuck dude. I hate they your Least favorite thing on The plane, dude. Dude, when I was working with Vince, they had me open the show a lot.


So You know I'd be standing out there with the curtains on the pop pop pop ba paragraph. Then the music would start real American. All of a sudden a writer would come up to me and hand me a stack of pages like this that were hot. The paper still. I looked at Vince, I'm going, really? I'd just throw the paper in there and just walk out. You Know. Well he he trusted you. Yeah. He just, he knew You know. Well, I mean, these days, I think especially with all the, the corporate guidelines. Yeah. Commercial bullshit. They kind, they want know what to expect. And don don't know how many people they trust to go out there and, and not say something you're not supposed to. That would turn off a sponsor or something. You know publicly traded company as well. Yeah. Right. You gotta answer to people real corporate shit.


Yeah. It is. It's super corporate different. Well, you mentioned it suits, like walking around microwaves. But, but at the same time though, it's like not still You know. It's not, it's, it's not a union that it's got that, it's still got that, that core. Yeah. I, and I could feel it. And I, I, I definitely like, prefer I like thrive in those environments. Yeah. You, were you at WrestleMania 40 Who wrestled? No, this Was Cody. Cody Roman Cody. No, I did. I wasn't there. Did you watch it? Yeah. Some people are saying it's the greatest WrestleMania of all time. Hmm. They probably weren't, they probably weren't alive when I was wrestling. I'll say that. That that was a phenomenal event.


Fan. You gotta make, you gotta make a little cameo comeback appearance. Well, you never know man. You never know. It's Oh, Little tease. Yeah. Your shirt. What? We got Razor Ramone. I mean, that's when he basically became Hollywood Hogan. Oh, that was in Daytona. Yeah. Monumental. So, yeah. Who's the third man? I, I told none of these guys. They had no idea it was me. They had no idea. Actually no idea. They were, they were out in the ring not knowing who the third guy was. That had to be mind blowing. I told Eric Bischoff, we agreed. Don't tell anybody it's me. It's hard to keep secrets nowadays. don don't know if you notice, but like stuff gets leaked. Yeah. Stuff gets leaked online.


Social media. Like I, it's almost like there's, there's a mole in the WW creative team that like literally leaves the meeting and like leaks it to these wrestling sites. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's disappointing. It's becoming harder and harder to keep things fresh. Well this was just between me and Eric You know. Yeah. Because I was out. But, but also, how do you hide you? That's the other thing you have to See. I, I was just, I was out in LA basically shooting a, one of my blockbuster movies Santa with Muscles You know. And, And I, I saw Nash come out You know and No, I saw Scott come out. Yeah. And I said, okay, this looks like a shoot. You know, it looks like he's working with the other company.


And I called Big Kev, saw Big Kev come out. And Eric You know had asked me if I turned he and I told him to pound Sand You know. And then I saw that going on. I called Eric up. I said, who's your third man? you know? And Eric goes, oh well we're gonna go with Sting. I said, bro, he's not wwe. Mm. I mean, You know Scott and Kev or wwe. Sting's got nothing, you know, I said, I'm WWE from head to toe. I'm the third man. Eric goes, really? Will you do it? I said, yeah, I'll do it. And Eric didn't even believe I would do it. So I flew in on a, on a Learjet down to Daytona and basically hit out in a hotel room. And I told Eric, call me, you know, right before when the last match is in the ring, before the main event.


'cause You know these guys, there was gonna be the last match. Then the main event would wrestle for 15, 20 minutes before I went out there. 'cause I would just walk out. But Eric didn't even think I was coming from the hotel. So he had Sting ready to go. Oh. So they didn't believe I would do it. Even Eric was going You know. 'cause there's several times I've, I had creative control. You know. And I never used it. Never used it the whole time. But, and I didn't use it this night either. But when I walked out, Scott and Kevin almost shit, because they, they had no idea I was coming out You know. And so it was, it was kind of cool. But the reaction we got from the crowd when I, when I saw him throwing all this stuff in the ring and me and Gene was holding the microphone interviewing me.


And I said, just like the crap in this ring, this represents all you people out here. I said, I was selling out The world when you guys were bumming gas to get to high school, brother. And I was just running off the top of my head saying whatever dumb shit I could think of. And then when I saw me and Gene get hit in the nose and he started bleeding, you know, I said, I told Scott Kev, I said, bro, we might have a little bit of a ride in here. Mm. you know, I, I really need to like slow down with my role here. 'cause I was getting pretty aggressive verbally, you know. And You know, once again, none of that stuff is scripted. So like my wife says, I'm, I might say anything, you know, once I get out there. So, but it was a cool, that night was a huge night. And, and on the way out, I'm walking to the ring, right?


And all of a sudden my mind is totally focused on who I am and what I am. 'cause when I walk through that curtain, I'm Hulk Hogan brother. Mm. Because if I don't believe it, nobody's gonna believe it. Mm. And I'm totally Hulk Hogan. And man, I've gone through my transformation. I'm this crazy alien and I'm going out there and all of a sudden I went angle alert. You dumbass. You're supposed to be wrestling. You're hiding in the hotel room so long, you still have your cowboy boots on. You've never wrestled in cowboy boots. Now I'm walking in the ring going, this is gonna be the greatest thing for my career. Or I'm done. This is gonna destroy my career. Saying the training prayers and vitamins. I did it for the money You know.


And all of a sudden I'm walking down there and I Got into my own head. I said, holy shit. I, Got, cowboy boots on. I forgot to put my wrestling boots on. I'm supposed to be wrestling, but it was like an angle alert. I almost screwed myself up overthinking stuff on the weight, just walking through the ring. But they were shocked when they saw me come through the curtain. for Sure. for Sure. But I just like to do stuff like that. You know. It's just how Cool. That's why you're who you are. Yeah. Yeah. I I I I'll let you go here in a second. I I do, I do have one question because like I said earlier, one of the most impressive things about what you've been able to do is just like infiltrate culture in a way that cannot be erased or, or forgotten or replicated or Replicated. Bro. The biggest thing ever e ever, as someone who actually lived through it, I'm like, you the biggest thing ever.


Yeah. The biggest personality Ever. Or you, or you lived through it. Right? Yeah. And then like, my generation and the current generation is still experiencing the ripple effects yo, of your career. It's, it is insane. And I will kiss your ass and gas you up. It's incredible. And, and I'm taking notes and I'm, I'm, I'm just sitting here so inspired. But I guess my question is, did you have that goal to infiltrate culture in that way? Not just, not just with wrestling. I'm sure there was a point where you realized like, oh, I'm good at this and people are biting. But then also like the movies, the merch, all the ancillary stuff that comes with it. Like Rocky. Yeah. Rocky Movie. Yeah.


That, that you potentially like, sacrificed to your career at the time, made a Yeah. Look like that decision. Like was that a goal of yours and and did you realize that you could land among the stars if you shot for the moon? Well, I did. I did some really stupid stuff. You know, like when I was playing in a rock and roll band, I was a huge wrestling fan. Okay. Growing up here. 'cause we, we didn't have anything. We just had baseball You know we didn't have the bucks. We didn't have hockey when I was growing up so many years ago. So I was, I was a huge wrestling fan. And one of the big things, big mistakes I made is I was a studio musician out of Atlanta, was century artist. So I left here and went on the road.


And when I came back here, when I was in high school, they had all these really good bands, You know. So I grabbed the best keyboard player from one band, best lead singer, best drummer, and put this band together. And then the wrestlers started coming. 'cause when the band would play on the beach or the band would play in North Tampa or St. Pete, we had this crazy following You know to come see us. And the wrestlers started showing up and I was scared to death of these guys. Man, cauliflower ears, broken noses, teeth knocked out. They're all over 300 pounds. And if you wanna get in the wrestling business, there's no chance there's only like eight guys in the dressing room. They don't have a performance center to go work out at You know. So like a dumbass, I started telling everybody I'm gonna be a wrestler.


And I was running my mouth in Tampa. So they took me down to the Sport auditorium here over on Albany Kennedy, about two minutes away from here. They got me in the ring, they exercised me to death. And then here on Matsuda got and put his, put his elbow on my shin and posted my toe and broke my leg. So that was my first day. You know they said, and I had real long blonde hair 'cause I was playing in a band. I said, don't ever come back again. So I went home and my dad beat my ass worse than they did down here. Mean you were having a bad day. That's Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. Things were different. Things were different. Yeah. And he said, don't ever let anybody hurt you again. Yeah. Thanks. So I Got my mind, right? And I cut my hair short and I went back and then they couldn't run me off You know.


But when I started, I just wanted to make a, a living You know, I just, I just wanted to be a wrestler and make a payday. Then when I Got in the business and I started seeing You know, it was kind of boring and people would just sit there and the cigar smokers and beer drinkers would be in the front row and they just wanted to see blood. And it was kinda like, okay, well I can do this. You know I was wrestling preliminary matches and they put a mask on me, called me the Super destroyer because I was in really good shape when I was younger and they wanted to protect me in case I did become something someday. And so once I started wrestling, You know, I went through a bunch of different changes. I went and I became Terry Boulder, and then this promoter Atlanta named me Sterling Golden.


you know, and that's a, that's a whole nother story. But I was in the ring one day and when I slammed people, I, I looked to the crowd and the, and the look got a better reaction than the move. And I went, oh, wait a minute. You know, then I did something else and, and I did something. And the, and the look of the crowd got a better reaction. I said, okay, they wanna see the bullshit. Mm. you know, and being a musician and being in front of crowds and talking and stuff, I was used to being in front of people. So, you know, all of of a sudden I started changing the way I worked in the ring and started mugging the crowd more. So all of a sudden it started You know, getting a little crazy. And I started figuring out then when I Got fired from WWFI was a bad guy at the time.


I just sold out Shaa Stadium with Andre the Giant in 78. And I Got fired a couple weeks later. And then when I went to Minnesota, I started this hulkamania crap. I would go to the mall and have t-shirts made and I started to figure out the shirt and the hulking up. And then once I came up, I wouldn't let anybody stop me You know once I came up, You know they could beat on me, do whatever, but I wouldn't let 'em stop me. I'd just plow through, do my comeback and finish You know whatever the finish was. But when I Got back to New York and I walked in the garden, they were, they were selling any merchandise and no music. So I said something to Vince about playing music. He said, oh, we don't play music here.


So I ran up to the sound guy and gave him 500 bucks and gave him the eye of the tiger. I said, crank this shit No way. I said, crank this shit gangster. Yeah. So gangster, they cranked that music that Don Don and the place just blew. Yeah. Yeah. The place just blew. Can you imagine The execs if you did that today, bro? Copyright for millions Of dollars. Oh, Scotty Brothers wasn't happy with me at all. Yeah, yeah. No, they weren't happy at all. So anyway, now we do this thing. I pull it off. Things go perfectly. Thank God I did blow my knee out that night, bro. There was a board up in the gardens last time. I jumped up and dropped a knee on any anybody's chest because I blew my left knee out. It was crazy. I, I thought I was gonna have to tell anybody, but I wrapped it up and did whatever I had to do to kill the pain.


And I started You know, getting over with the character and the music. I realized I was onto something and then all of a sudden when the people, like right guard started coming to me to do commercials and the a team was calling me to be on the show with Mr. T, that's how he hooked him. I did a couple episodes and talked him into wrestling and just all these things started happening. All the wrestlers wanted music. So Jimmy Hart of course. Yeah. Keep on dancing. Recorded Sun Studios with Elvis and everybody back in the age. Jimmy, he's like 81 years old. Jimmy You know, wrote all the tempt music. Like Shawn Michaels music and everybody's music. Yep, yep. All the wrestlers wanted music. Then we started, then started making Hulkamania t-shirts, and then Vince started making it for everybody because Vince wasn't into it at the time, but he caught on real quick.


Yep. Then all of a sudden I realized this is a monster for Sure. And I realized I had a chance to change the game. And once we started that cartoon on CBS, that pissed off all the beer drinkers and all the cigar smokers. And then once we said this is an exhibition, we wanted to get rid of all the commissioners because like the boxing commissioners that you had there last night Yep. They were killing us. Yep. They were wanting paydays, they were wanting to be paid under the table. Guys that couldn't pass different tests. You know, sometimes you have to pay people off to make sure people pass tests. It just got crazy. So we Vince deregulated wrestling and when he said it was an exhibition that really pissed a lot of the, the people off and then we had the family show up at ringside with the kids.


Not only would they buy the tickets, they'd buy hundreds of dollars worth of merchandise and stuff. That's when I realized that it was bigger than me just being a wrestler. That's when I realized I had a chance, you know, to, to change the game completely. And the character become larger in life. And I, I knew once Sports Illustrated called me and I was the only wrestler that's ever been on the cover, I said, okay, this changes everything, you know. But I had no idea when I started it was gonna turn into what it turned into. I just wanted a job and I just wanted to be a wrestler and make a living. But it just, it just blew through the roof, Man. I know. We just met and I am your underling, but I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. Thank, you brother. Yeah. An incredible career.


I'm so inspired, man. And thanks for blessing us with your time today. I, I, I know you had a late night. Not much sleep. Your beer is great. Kept us both awake. I'm very upset with you, man. Why, why, Why me out like that? No, no. Come on. That was messed up, bro. No, I was all was acting Like You know all this Folk, these people. No, it was, it was cool. But I thought he really didn't know. I was really worried. No, because well, some of the, some of the audience members that like don don't know if all them are like wrestling fans. They just wanna clarify like Yeah. for Sure, just so the audience knows. You know. Yeah. Okay. Well if they don't, they're gonna just gonna go over their head. Yeah. But Hal Hogan, that was great brother, brother Thank you for joining us. Brother. Brother. Dude, you just made one of my childhood dreams come true, man. Honestly. Yeah. Thank you guys, Kevin too.


Yeah. I, I bet Kevin getting headlock. He was gonna write on his Instagram an honor brother Thank you So much Thank you guys, so much Thank you guys, Thank you for listening to this episode of Impulsive Hall Kogi. Ladies and gentlemen, you're not subscribed. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it. easy piece. He's out


Tired of endless swiping with little to show for it. Me too. Tify is America's number one matchmaking service. They're six and a half times more efficient in finding real relationships than dating apps. Tify can match you in as little as three introductions compared to dating apps where people spend 40 plus hours swiping 1500 times for one date. Let Tify be your executive assistant for your dating life, confidential, safe, and stress free. Visit T-A-W-K-I-F y.com and stop swiping, wishing or waiting. Start your journey today.