
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Is this your mugshot? No Way. I'm gonna have you roast me and I won't take it personal. Well, the Obvious thing is just to say like, Japan. Oh God, no. Stop. Trump. Stop. Stop Happens every day. Your driveway got taken. Yeah. I'm Expecting a daughter in two months. You're The first man she's ever gonna be in love with. Come on bro. You're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. And so you are always going to be the safe place. Who are you fighting next? Everybody? Me? Yeah. I'll fight you. I feel like you Got your heartbroken one time. Can I compare yourself to Me? And you? 16 bro. You have no other resource but your hand. Highway to heaven. I'm just cruising by my loan. What about the side, man? That's trip's buzz. I'm not Got you a Kevin Owens action figure. Are you out here?


Mine? What do you think about the fury Molly Maye breakup. Blew The Fuck, Molly. The gender reveal is not the big day. First of all. I'm not calling it a gender reveal. He told me I agreed to do it. If we didn't call it Then, What are we calling it? It's A party. Wow. 2024 man. Coming to an end. What? Can we really say? Another, Oh, shut up. 2024 is coming to an end. And what is there To say? Honestly, I don't know. It's, it's become just increasingly difficult to do this program. It's like, dude, it's just, yeah, But we have all these good moments.


No, it's more so we have a great team. We did have some great moments this year. We, we were on, and we'll see how this pans out for us with the aliens and all. But we were on the leading side of the election. Yeah, I think we had the second most viewed election episode. We did try to have Ms. Harris on. Ms. Harris unfortunately did not come on the show. And I believe that's the reason why she lost the Election. Yeah, it's, it, it's entirely possible. You know, this show means a lot to us guys. And we've been doing it for six years now. We crossed a six year anniversary mark for IMPAULSIVE, my God, of damn near grown up on this show. And we appreciate you guys for watching. And here is our, What the hell? That's, oh, that's all we had to say. Yeah, I think so.


Yeah. I think we're gonna get right into it. Some of the best MOMENTS OF IMPAULSIVE 2024. Well, what if We, Okay, so the soul is the person that, that can be shaped by human experience. So like, if you ha, if you were to like run a simulation of like cliff a hundred simulations of the life of Cliff in some future distant world. Do you become a pastor in all a hundred of those simulations? Is every one of those simulations? Is Cliff a good guy? Be especially if the human experience that each cliff experience or goes to is different. And then does your soul become a different thing? And then also, I I, I ask myself like, okay, when, when, what is the soul?


'cause you're saying it's shaped by human experience, but like, what about like a, a baby or, or, or like a child. Like say a child passes away and they're like, You know, essentially a blank canvas. What, what happens to that soul? What if that that human hasn't accepted Jesus? 'cause he's four. Well, that's why they baptize babies. Right? Well, I'm convinced though that babies who die are gonna be in heaven. Yeah. Because of the way Jesus treated children. He said, let the little children come to me for such belongs the kingdom of heaven. So God is a compassionate God. And obviously a child has not, baby has not sinned. They've not rebelled against God. So I think they're gonna be in heaven. Mm. But I think you raise a great question when it comes to Cliff, if if there were a hundred different scenarios over the next thousand years of you, would you always become a minister?


I don't think so. Because that's smacks of determinism. It's in the stars. It's written in the stars. You have to do this. You have to go down this path. No, no. When I fall down a set of stairs, I don't pick myself up at the bottom and say, phew, glad that's over. No. I pick myself up at the bottom and say, idiot, pick up your feet. Don't stumble down the stairs. It's really painful. In other words, it's not been predetermined. That's this whole issue of free will. That's why I hold you responsible and you hold me responsible for what I do, for what I say. Because You know, I don't have to do it. It's Not a script. Exactly. It's not a script. This whole idea that God writes on a piece of paper, which you and I are gonna do tomorrow, locks it in a bank vault. And then you and I have to do what's written on the paper. That's determinism.


That's fatalism. No, no, no, no, no. We're human beings created in the image of God, which means God partially limits his power by giving us a free will. And then we choose what we do. But God does hold us responsible. And that's why I loved what you pointed out about the importance of responsibility. But You know, Logan, you, you and Jesus are, I think a little closer than you would might realize when you talk about justice. Oh man, that's gonna be a clipped up man. Okay. That was justice. That's Going everywhere. The reason Is, the reason is why did Christ die on a cross? He didn't die on a cross because God is lovey-dovey. He died on a cross because God is just, and because God is just, the penalty for evil is death in hell. And Christ went to the cross, paid that penalty.


Why? 'cause God's lovey-dovey. No, because God is just, the penalty for human evil must be paid. Oh, that's not cool. That's not cool. Oh, that's very cool. I understand you're an expectant father. Yeah. Little baby coming into The world. Little baby girl. Your mom was bragging to me about it. Yeah. Little baby girl sounds good. Yep. All right, Logan, now let's talk theoretically. Okay. Let's say somebody is that little baby, God Dammit. Cliff didn't even get a chance to do any say, even make one video. Good response. Slogan Horrific. Wasn't expecting this cliff. Come on. No, That's the hook. Sorry, grandma. Yeah, sorry ma.


Ex grandma. She didn't make it. Damn dude. Okay. I love your response. Why? Because you know very well that if the police or the judge let's that dude off, Scott free, your baby does not matter. Now, what's fascinating is the way so many secular people will say, well, God's just love. So there's gonna be no judgment, really. So God doesn't judge the guy who murders my child. That's a clear statement on God's part. Your child cliff does not matter to me. Therefore, I will not judge the guy who murdered your kid. Well, let's get one thing straight. God doesn't care about your kid. Your kid does not matter to God.


And that's a lie. Jesus said, no. God does care about every single one of us. Which is why when we hurt each other, when we each other, when we cut each other off at the knees, God will judge us for that. Because He loves us, because we matter to him. We did Launch Lunch, Lee, today. We actually just did it. If you guys saw on Instagram Live, probably probably the best quality live stream, I Think you, you might have tried to see it on live. Yes. They don't know. We launched it because the live stream was grainy and laggy. And for some reason, if you go live with multiple Instagram accounts in the same vicinity, it just like goes the hell no.


Yeah. It was, it was pretty interesting. Plus we blew it. Yeah, we really did. What do You mean? Like I had, we had like a week long buildup. We're saying it's gonna be the biggest announcement ever. I know shit comes out in two 40 p. It was, Yeah, we should just post it on Instagram and left. We're Like, oh, the two largest creator brands are coming together. All this. We gotta everything just building up to it. And then I also think people are confused about what the product is. They're like, wait, so it's just Prime and feasts in a Lunchables? No, no. It's Prime and feasts actually in a lunch. I mean, that's what it's, but yeah, we, we, we decided to come together, put the fastest growing beverage in history.


The fastest growing snack candy in history. Feast Balls meets Prime meets in entree. So we have three Lunchy Lunchy meals here. Oh, you're just going deep in it. Fine. Dude, we started Off Turkey. It's your podcast. Turkey Stacks Fiesta Nachos. And we got a pizza. And I, I'll be honest with you boys, I'm dissatisfied with the launch. I'm dissatisfied With it. Well, You know what? I think with the prime launch, it went so well that this one had to go wrong. Like this one had, But for them watching, you really should play a clip of the grainy live stream that's not like a 1940s tv. That was us attempting to go live on Instagram. Horrible. I saw a screenshot on Twitter of it, and I'm, I go, I can't believe we did this.


Yeah. Like, like we spent so long, we spent eight months making sure everything is perfect. And the one thing the three internet kids don't, didn't get right was the internet. Well, it's funny too, is like, 'cause I joined the live stream. It was like the Logan and then KSI joined on his Instagram and then I was gonna join via Surprise and the viewership's climbing and climbing and climbing. And then I'm like, oh, Logan's really lagging. And all the comments are like, why is Logan lagging? And I just see like 10,000 people stop watching. And then another 10,000, another 20,000, another 30,000. And all of a sudden like a hundred thousand viewers drop. And I'm like, oh wait, this isn't just my internet. Like this everyone. And then the Logan's like, come on in Jimmy. And on the livestream I just hear, and I'm like, I was that my cue?


Well, fiance texted me and said, your live stream is sending me into labor. Congratulations on your child. Thanks. Thank you. It's incredible. You somehow surpassed me in age with one simple deed. Insane. You're you're older than me now. Insane. Insane. Did you see the clip of me talking about being a dad five years ago? I called it. Did you see it? Oh yeah. Yeah. You said in five years I'm gonna, I'm gonna have a kid. Not just that. I Don't know if I'll be married, but I'm gonna have a kid. That's exactly. And at age 29, I said, I want a quaint life. Beautiful woman, beautiful daughter. I want a family. And guess what you said in the clip? It's not gonna Happen. You said, I don't see, don't, don't See it. You said I don't see it. Well, I don't see any, I have no vision.


Like I can see physically, but I don't strategize. Like you have no idea. If I told you what I did over the past week, you wouldn't believe it. Go ahead, baby. Okay, Michael. I, I am not sure if I'm my best self at the moment. 'cause I'm pretty tired, which is why I'm drinking this. Zoom in. Just make an end Dream prop, prime energy. Make it, which is 18 plus, just make it end. No, but no, but everyone, everyone told me about being tired and, and I thought back to my like, early vlog days, You know, daily vlogs, early twenties. Dude, I'd sleep four to six hours a night every night for a year straight. And I was fine.


I can't really move like that at 29, man. I need my sleep. Yeah. I need my sleep and yeah, my, my, my baby, my beautiful baby girl. Esme is a night owl who we're still figuring out because she's still figuring out everything. Like, you, you, like logic doesn't apply to a baby, right? You can't be like, what do you mean it's 2:00 AM like, go to sleep. You've been up for three hours and we tried everything. Doesn't matter. She's, she wants to fuss. She's gonna fuss. Well, she Doesn't, I mean, at what age does any semblance of consciousness even begin? I don't know. Like what does she, what does she know about The world right now? Like, imagine you're like, oh, I think she has gas, right? Like, I'm sure that's one of the things, right? Yep. Yep. Okay.


Just blow a too. No, she doesn't even know that she's a human. Yeah. She just, she just, she doesn't even know that she exists. No. Doesn't, does that make sense? Like the Only thing she knows is I'm hungry. I'm hungry. That's all. And, and when she's in pain, she, she whales and, and the gas thing is interesting. I can, dude, I mean, I guess this is the podcast, but I could do a, a full deep dive on the Birth Parenthood, the responsibility and hardship of the mother from the beginning of the pregnancy. Yeah. Like men, people do not talk about how hard it is for women during pregnancy. No, not even just during, during, after. I'm sure somebody talk before.


I'm somebody. I'm sure somebody talks about that. No, but because they're clearly not talking about how hard it is for the man. Well, you don't have to do shit. You have To keep, well, I'm Pissing people off with snacks. I'm doing stuff now. Besides the p the pissing off, the snack pissing off. Because I've, I've, I've recog I see Nina breaking her back for, for 10 months, making sure this baby is the healthiest child it could possibly be. Like, bro, I'm traveling The world. I'm drinking, I'm party. I'm not, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm hanging, I'm living my life. My life hasn't been altered. She has devoted every second of her life for 10 months to this being. And now that it's here, it's not over. Welcome to the fourth trimester.


The hardest trimester life. Life. Yeah. Where, where now she, her body is still owed to this baby and that she has to feed the baby. We obviously take care of it. And, and, and everyone told me before I had this baby, they're like, this is gonna be the best thing that's ever happened to you. You think you've had a life. But it really starts now. It's the most life. Like, You know, these superlatives that I was like all, like, I hear Your whole life's gonna change in an instant. Yeah. But Yeah. But like, you know, you know, I was the United States champion, so like was, You know, I that's a fucking joke. A shitty joke. But, but I, you, you don't understand it until it happens.


And as someone who lives in the realm of like, possibility and I visualize, I manifest. I was trying to like really like let that feeling sink in when people told me. 'cause everybody was saying the same thing for the first time. Everyone's saying the same thing. It's the greatest thing you'll ever do. Yeah. And I'm literally like, damn man. I've done, I've done some cool, like, cool stuff. But this is so hard to imagine, Mikey, within four minutes of this child being born, and I looked her in the eyes and saw, oh, I'm, I'm not, I Got, I Got, I'm gonna keep it together here. But just saw how, how precious she was and how how much she's relying on me and her mother, who, who is sacrificing her life to make sure that everything goes right with this baby.


I felt a, a love, an endless infinite love instantaneously that I've never felt in my life. I love two women in my life. You know, Nina and my mom. All of a sudden, there's a third little woman here who instantaneously has my entire soul. She has my heart. She's, she's, she's lit my being on fire. And I,


when You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master level programs. American public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.apaps.edu slash military


Would do anything for her. And, and so, yes, I'm sitting here. I'm a little tired. We haven't been sleeping much. And, and it, all of this is new to me. Like it's new to her. Like, we're talking to this baby, like, You know, we're gonna figure this out. Us too, by the way. 'cause they don't tell you anything. No one prepares you for bro. No one prepares you For parenthood. Do you think it has something to do with the fact that 21 billion people have done it already and they're just like, well, it's, you'll figure it out. Type Shit. So, so, yes. And also that fact alone really comforts me and Nina. Yeah. Because I recognize that like everyone else has done it. Like, it, it can't be that hard. It fucking is. It's extremely hard. But you figure it out. And what no one tells you is, although it is extremely hard and it is extremely rewarding, you would do anything for this little girl.


So it's all, it's all worth it. And, and I'll lose as much sleep as I need to to make sure that she's as, as, as healthy as She can be. And she gets whatever she needs from us. H How was, okay, there's a million questions I could ask. Fir first and foremost was this, would you now put September 26th? Yeah. Her Birthday at great. Yep. As the greatest day of your life. No, That's, and by the way, if you're serious, that's also fine. I'm not, I'm serious. What, what was the greatest day of your life? The day me and Nina got engaged. Engaged. Engaged. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. The day me and Nina got Engaged. Why Is that? Because greatest day.


That's a 24 hour period. That 24 hour period of me and Nina getting engaged from money in the bank flying to Lake home. Oh yeah. Adjusting the trip, doing the proposal, asking her dad. All of it was, was the greatest day ever, the moment that estimate was born, by far the greatest moment in my life. Yep. That, that, that moment of, of birth. And by the way, that experience and seeing it go down is so fucking beautiful. It was, it was. I I, I mean, like, I, there's no, there's no words to describe the, the miracle of life I saw it. It's, I think it's probably the most magical things.


Our species, our magical thing our species is capable of. And so, turned my attention to Nina and our doctor was a pro. Mike a pro, got the baby out, plopped her down on Nina. And like, ugh, I'm gonna get emotional. But like, watching Nina's motherhood activate like, like in an instant, dude was so fucking cool because it's the reason I chose her as my fiance. Because I knew she was gonna be such a good mom. And fuck, I didn't want do that, bro. I'm not What an incredible moment. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I don't, I didn't need to get emotional. I'm just so You know, I'm a little tired. Yeah. That happens to me too. When I get super tired. It my, it heightens my emotions, but it's also, okay man, why don't you stay over here and cry on camera. Us, Bro. People meme it. That's fine. They're gonna meme you anyways. Everybody already hate. That's the thing about you. You can do anything you want. 'cause no one likes you anyways. You're right. But you should try to maybe roast both of us. Alright. And you can literally go all out. Yeah. Try, try and, and I, and we won't, we're not even gonna rero a bit. Like just, no, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna rero. Okay. See, see if you can roast Who wants to do It? Start with, start with Logan ro roast Me first. You have a controversial reputation for Sure.


Yeah. Your book is self-published. But that I like mine. Yo, you have it in you. You have it in you. You can definitely do it, bro. Holy shit. Yeah, you can do it. You can do it. It's 'cause he is just so matter of fact about It. It makes, it makes me uncomfortable though. I I feel that. Yeah. Because you're not, sorry, I have to say this. Is there any chance We can just do one more round? Sure. Okay. So start with Logan. Okay. Where, where do you want me to go with it? Wherever you want. Anywhere you want. Yeah. Do you like the last one, like diving?


I, I do. Yes. Yes. It was found fire. Yes. There's, there's nothing you can say that I have not heard or that will offend me. Well, the obvious thing is just to say like, Japan. What about it? The suicide force? Yep. What about it? You, you said you lost a lot of boxing matches. You're just saying, you're just saying stuff that's happened. No, let him, he's building on. All right. Oh no, I, that's, I don't know. I'm just trying to say things that are, are negative. Yeah, that was good. The first one was better. I would say like, 'cause it was just more succinct. Should I do a second roast on you? Oh yes, I Did. Did. Okay. Where, where should I go with it? He, You can get pretty much anywhere you want.


He used to date a, a big porn star. Maybe there's something there. Are you insecure about that? Because I feel like you're supposed to go for like an insecurity or something. Or just like a, some, because that's not inherently negative Maybe or anything. Maybe like, it's hard for me to like, tell you how to roast me. Yeah, true, True. How should I roast it? How about just go for something apparent right now. Okay. Like that You can see, or Or weird hat You got roasted fam. Okay. Okay. You cooked. I'll do, you ain't never coming back from that one. And then this is, you have fried buddy. And then I'll say like, backwards hats are outta style. Is that true?


It's that Even true. I don't know. But I'm just trying to like, get good. It's, it's goods. Good. Good. With all of the attention around the rollout, I don't know if enough attention was given to the song itself. So I do wanna ask you about some of these lyrics. I don't know nothing about bow, no ice. I'm just cold. Have you thought about maybe putting on another layer of clothing? Fuck you, bro. They know me. Where it snows. I skied in and they froze. Are you actually able to ski? I can. I I snowplow. But that counts.


That does count as skiing, right? No, no. It does. It does. You mean you like shovel your driveway? No. As in like, pizza. I, pizza. Yeah. Pizza. Yeah. I pizza down like reds highway reds. I've done that before. Terrifying. Terrible idea that in Europe, Is it red? It's not greens. I don I think the scale is the same. What? Reds? Is that like kilometers? No. What? No, it isn't like how steep it is. That's it. Green and no in states. Green. Green. A black diamond. If you're getting real serious Black diamond. What does a black, there's red, there's blue. Oh, that sounds racist. Highway to heaven.


I'm just cruising by my lone. What about the side men? That's trip's verse. Well, he doesn't like the side men. Well, I mean, he does. I I don't know. I don't know if he knows who they are. My faith in God mind and the son I'm about to sow is that trip's verse. That's also trip's. What is he gonna sow? Ask ask him about the line. Well, I don't, I don't know. It is trippy. The line. The line, bro. That, that, that really made its viral. Okay. Debut. Oh, oh. From, oh, from the screen to the ring, to the pen to the king.


Where's my crown? That's my bling. There's always drama when I ring. What comments do you have about that statement? Well, I, well, it's a, it's about my life. And then, you know, it's, it's always, there's always drama. You know, when I, when I call in, I mean, I'm, I created a load of drama, You know, with Dan, TDM and dude, it's, I I have ly I have this name, bro. Yeah, that's fucking Dan. TDM put out one tweet. Dude said one thing, the biggest series. He said one stupid thing. We're still talking about him.


He's, he's a legend. He's a girl. He's a legend for that. I'm gonna beat this horse even though it's dead. Okay, well, fuck. Yo, do you wanna know what happened between us? He, we had a, we had gotten a huge fight at Office Max. You know, office Max and Supply Corps. Of Course, I love Office Max. There was one gray back, Bro. Just please not talk about this. No, I'm talking about It. I don't think this is that interesting of a story. It might not be, but it's in, it was enough to make me not wanna work with you, to be honest. And also, I wanna let you know the lawsuit that you're currently have pending against me in Delaware. Yeah. If you think that my guys from Omaha aren't gonna handle that, like fucking ca a cakewalk.


You're mistaken. Dude. Whatever, whatever. I'm just telling you right now, we'll Let the courts deal with this, Okay? Okay. But enjoy your little bowl cut now because the next time you get your haircut, it's gonna be by a fucking homeless person. All right? Stop. Stop. It's home displaced. Use the fucking right. Accurate. I'm not gonna use your terms. It's not my terms. Because This is what you did with the deal. It was all about your terms and you still do it right now. It's the same shit you're doing right Now. I fucking Now I, this is a, a basic formality of respect. You guys should probably figure this out after the show. Let's not do this now. Let's not bring this up now. No one wants to hear the office. Now, can I say something? What, What? Do you have a speech I want? What? What do you wanna say, Mike? Yeah, you can say something as a podcast. You're gonna say something.


We've had some issues, But, well, you wrote a fucking letter, a love letter. We've had some issues. Yeah, We have you. Look at you, you look like a fucking idiot right now. All these cameras. And you're gonna waste the fucking air for this. We're gonna deal with this in a fucking courtroom in Omaha in four weeks. Let's not do it now. Why don't we skip the legal fees and you listen to what I have to say. You fucking idiot, Idiot. 'cause I'd rather let, let Jeremiah Jeffrey handle this shit. I hope. I hope your Rapunzel hair gets ripped off your head. Listen to me, idiot. We've had some issues. I hope your plugs fall out. Have you, do you have to deal with Jeremiah Jeffries? Yes. He's a fucking loser. He's a menace. Don, He's an attorney at law brother. He'll be disbarred after this. He's not getting disbarred. He's The next Harvey Weinstein.


All right. I'm sorry bro. Don't throw I'm those I don't throw Jeremiah Jeffrey in the W scene. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. In the same thing. Do you wanna Listen to This? No, I don't. This could be, this Could be our way Out. I've already told you No, This could be our way out before we even Hit a corner. No one wants to watch a podcast of two dudes fighting the whole time while it's, it's Logan's show. It's his big day. You're not fighting. I'm trying to squash the beef. It's not his. How many big dude, Can you not yell or I'm gonna walk? Whoa. I can't do this. The judge. This is what happened. This is, can you imagine working with this guy? I can't even Say what the straight face. Look at him, Bro. He's something off. There's something off. That's all I'm gonna say. And it's coming from a guy who looks like this. I'm having flashbacks till the last time we did this fucking interview. Yeah, You you did walk out.


I walked out. I'm about to do it again. You, You said, you said, Look at this guy. What are you, you an actor now, Marlon Brando over here. What you gonna do? The gender reveal is not the big day. First of All, I'm not calling it a gender reveal. He told me I agreed to do it. If we didn't call it then, what Are we calling it? A reveal? It's A sex party. That was the name we, and I also said it works as we could call it a baby sex party. Those were the two options. Gender reveal is, is not politically correct. What baby sex party is. Are you fucking stupid? Fucking It sounded better on paper. No. All being represented by Arby Weinstein. Now it all makes sense By theory. It made sense at the time when I was writing down a list of names.


Oh dang bro. We talked about it yesterday. We're not calling it baby sex party. Just sex party. That's it. Can I read you this? No, you cannot because we've moved on to the next thing. Let's talk about the sex party. Can I, can I see it? No. You want to read It? It's private. Can you make it fast? Can we wrap it up? 'cause there's a lot more important things. Nah, now, now it's too much hate. No, I want know. I wanna Nah, come. There's too much pressure. You're A good writer. Lemme guess what? Oh, you wanna complain about me on camera while there's 16 cameras here? It's not what it was. And bro, let's not keep in mind, you've got your little rinky dink camera somewhere in this audience here, which is gonna be at your disposal of the edit. At least I know that the show me and Logan are making, can we talk about this? Does he know? Yeah, He knows The show. Me and Logan are making for HBO Make it final edit on that.


Just so we're gonna make you look like a buffoon. And you're a little rinky dink log camera. What do you have? You can edit to whatever you want. What do you have a problem with? The small, the startup company. We're the small company. He's Even filming now. Dude, the guy's Not even filming. He's taking's taking a break. I can only pay him to do three hours a week. And he's over about to go over. I can't pay him overtime. Oliver, I'm sorry. I don't have this kind of money. You do. From to World Tours. Read. It's a thing called the Union now, Mike. Well, I i, if you really cared about him, you would have him on union scale. Dude Union. Clearly This is a non-union shit, dude. I'm not gonna, it's not gonna live at Union Square though, Joe. Is he wearing a fucking prime shirt? He's he's on Logan's payroll. You are on Logan's payroll too. So stop right there, Dude. I read your net worth on Google.


I'm a self-made millionaire. Okay? You rode h three's Dick to get there. You did That guy who shows up on his podcast, bro, You showed up on his podcast since The guy who turned on his best friend. You Best friends? I'm a neutral guy. I come in, I'm just, I'm friends of LO's. I'm a friend of the family. You Oh, family. You say that the same way you call H three family. But look how you treat him, Bro. I've been a part of the H three family from the beginning. Well Then why do you treat him like a piece of shit? Who, you can't just change the subject. Say Change who? Treat who Like what you Fucking owl can't. What you say He sound crazy. Who can I read this? You're Wol of Wall Street Movie Buff. Now keep moving. What's the next topic? Can I read this to you? Yeah, please.


Get it over with Lee. Shut the fuck Up. This is the Boringest podcast ever. Please. Guys gotta read a love letter. Challenging. This is challenge and this guy's killing it, by the way. Bossy is the man. I just call him boss for short. I I can see that. All right. Go wrap it up. You have so much hair on your face right now. You you look like, do I look like I give a fuck dude, I've been wearing the same pair of underwear for five days. What's Yeah, what's wrong bro? In Brazil day, Tom, you can wear underwear four ways. You can wear it, you can turn it around. You can flip it inside out and turn it around again. Okay. I'm beyond that now. I'm at day five. Okay. So it's already, I'm back to where it was. And then once over do the fucking math.


You think I give a shit about your little love letter? Alright, I'll see you in, I've seen some dark shit, bro. I'll see you in court. I'll see you in court. I'll see you in court. It's fine. I saw you just got married, congrat. And You know the next step. Congrat. Thank you. Also, congrats. Yeah. But When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family.


Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. I mean, kids on the horizon. We, I feel like we've played it smart as far as like, You know how everything goes.


We waited for her to finish school before we got married. She was, before we even got engaged, I had to make sure that I was, you know, signed, sealed, and delivered with the new contract. Mm. Before I was like, 'cause we didn't know if this was gonna work out. Mm. And I wasn't signed. It was kind of just like a, You know, based off of dates here and there. Yeah. But we wanna be smart about it. So we want to be married for at least a year. See how it goes. And then maybe there, we'll start talking about kids. We're, I mean, I feel like we're still kind of young. We're both 27. So how Does she feel about what you do? Woman's a saint man. Really? Shout out, shout out to Marie. Yeah. She's, she's honestly the best. We've been together since we were 14.


Wow. Yeah. And we're, you know, 27 Now. I love those stories. Yeah. She's, she's been with me through thick and thin man. And she's honestly, she's, she's the best. I, I do what I do on tv. And last week, who was it when Ria licked my face, the first text I Got from her was, there's a tarantula in our garage. Unrelated. So, no, no, Nothing. So she gets it. She gets the split. She, she understands the difference from like, when I'm on tv, I'm Dirty Dom and I come home to her and I'm her husband Dominic. Yeah. So I still don't understand though, because if I saw like my partner, like doing the things that you're doing on TV and then like, I just wouldn't be able to separate it.


Andra Ria said the same thing when she came home Or when, when she went home last night. She Came, it's been a long Day when she came on our show last night. It's been A long day When she came on our show, she's like, yeah, my husband buddy. He, he, he, he gets it. He understands The world and she's like, it takes a special type of person. 'cause she's even admitted that she would get jealous Yeah. If she saw Him do that. But I think there's a difference too, because I'm pretty like, he's in the business. He's a wrestler. Okay. Fair. She's fair. She's My wife's never been in the business. Never heard of it. Never. Does your wife been in it? Does your Wife fuck with Ria? What do you mean? Does she like her? Do they get Along? Yeah, I think they, they've only met, so Ria came to the wedding and it was great.


We had a good time. And then the first time she met her was actually at WrestleMania last two years ago in la Were You nervous for that interaction? No. I was kind of curious like how Yeah. Like, you know, because it's like your Side chick meets your main chick. Well it's like you got your work wife meeting, like your wife, wife, You know, and it's like, you don't know, like you're just, you want to know what's gonna happen. Right. So it's kinda, so much could be affected. Yeah. So much is riding on it. It's crazy. Your money, your home. Well, even cali's the care of Cali Dude ca you met, you bring Cali up into the, it just changes the whole dynamic of the situation. Right? Right. So like it's, it has to work out here.


If you had to choose in some weird world, you had to like, choose between the two. Right. I actually, I'm gonna change the question. Who would you choose? Who would I choose Between who? Yeah, Between your wife and your work wife. My Wife. Okay. Okay. What, I just wanted to hear you say it. I thought you were gonna ask like between Tally was Tally and my wife was gonna, but I changed it 'cause I saw a saucy clip and it just didn't, it didn't pa it didn't queso. It didn't pawn out. It didn't pawn out. I mean, if you want the click bait. Yeah. The work wife. Whoa.


Ai. Spin it off baby. Take it away. Damn. Maria is pissed. Internet. Do your job. Do Your thing dude. Yeah. Just crazy man. It's crazy to see. 'cause, 'cause r's definitely, I don't know bro. I don't know. Even the way I see Liv interacting with you sometimes. Yeah. That's just a whole nother situation. That's just like a whole nother What is it? Can of worms. Yeah. Yes It is. Right? You are in a love triangle, brother. Yeah. It's, it's good to be me. It's one. It's one. Yo It's not even a love. You're in a love square. Is it square? Because you got that wife as Well Too. Oh, you're, you're Very right.


If Is that caffeinated? Prime hydration is not caffeinated. Okay. Would You like to try some? Is it, does it have, I I might be okay for now. Just I'll maybe, maybe after. Sure.


I see you're drinking water. Yeah. Water is always the best hydration drink there. Is it smart? I drink a lot of water. Is it an Energy drink? So, no, this is, no, this is, this is a hydration beverage. It's, I know it's super popular, but I just haven't tried it. No worries. No worries. Dax. Yeah, it's Okay. I'll try. I'll try it. Do is there a flavor that you'd prefer Ice pop or This tastes like those, those popsicles back in the, is This one Available? Strawberry bananas available? Do you like strawberry banana stuff in general? Yeah. Okay. You thought about that for, Because this is this, I will say it's, Well, it's yummy. Oh, this is great. Well that worked out. Yeah. It's 10% coconut water, DS, BC's, electrolytes, all that stuff. It's, it's, look, I drink a ton of water 'cause water's great. But I also drink a lot of prime. What was, what's going on? I was just curious. I I I just felt like I was doing a brand deal. Well you are. You can invoice us after. Yeah, we'll invoice him. 'cause I don't get anything. Can y'all cut that part? Right? I'm just kidding. Yeah, sure. It, it's been cut.


The springboard thing. I, it's like that's video game shit, bro. Like, I couldn't have in my day, I couldn't have never even imagined doing that. Like, it was just like, and I guess it is from the generations playing video games and like, shut up. I could do that. Right. And I was like, holy shit. But what, You know, I, again, those kind of moves increase the risk again, like I said earlier, exponentially. I mean, I always felt like in any given match, you're one, two inches away from something really catastrophic happening. Yes. Right. And you experienced it last night, you felt, You know. Yeah. So I think there's an element to the storytelling that guys aren't comfortable with that yet.


Where they are comfortable with their athleticism and they know what they can do athletically. But what happens, my opinion, what happens is then the audience, that's what they expect. Mm. And you have to continually Put, okay, so you did a, a a a back springboard, moons saw onto the floor. Yeah. Okay. I've seen that. Now. Now what do you got? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They, they get desensitized. Oh, oh, I know. Yeah. To, to, You know, I mean, when you and Ricochet did the, the, the, the, the, the mid-air collision, mid air collision, the, the, the clothes lines, it's like, oh shit. Something that no one's ever seen. Yeah.


So what what ends up happening is a lot of times you might get yourself put in a box where Mm. I don't, You know, no back flips tonight. Oh yeah. You know, but if they're invested in the character, and I think you've done a really, really, really good job of, of being who you are and in your platform and your social media and being that guy and not trying to be, well, let me tell you something, brother, kind of, of a guy. You're genuine. So I think people, I think people resonate whether they love you, whether they hate you. I think, I think you could get to a point where you didn't necessarily have to do that. Yeah. It's nice to have it in the toolbox, but don't rely on it.


I don't want to ever do that move again. Yeah. I I, I wouldn't blame you. So as someone new who is, who's now coming to understand this really intricate business and, and WWE is the hardest thing I've ever done. I'm kind of realizing that now. Because when I first got in here, I knew, I knew I could shock people with these, these moves that I could, that I could do. Right. And it's still very fun. And there's that daredevil in me that's like, how far can I push, push this? And one day I'm sure I'll get the answer to that question. Oh, it comes, it comes. Yeah. It comes eventually. Yeah. And with the ricochet one, like, You know, not a, not a great landing. Took a little bit from me. Right. Like my soul and, and, and these things happen.


But like, I worked on that move for months. Right. For months because I knew I was in, in Cleveland and my hometown Brown stadium. And I want it to send it. I, I'll do it once in my life. I'll never do it again. Because it is extremely hard and dangerous. And like you said, there's, there's basically zero margin for error. No margin for error on that. No. Your foot slips, dude. It's, no, I had, I had our referee secretly, you can see this, if you watch the film back secretly, he'd put his armpit on the rope and dry it off. Because if it would like rub it just, 'cause if there was oil on there, and this has happened before, there's oil on there. You slip up and you do the move. But what I'm getting at, I'm envious of guys like Roman who don't have to risk their entire, like body and health and wellness because people are so invested in this story.


Yep. In the story. And it's, it's such a, such a good note. That's a veteran note, but that's the hardest part. It Is. It, How can you tell that story to get people invested in, in, in, in who you are. Yeah. And it takes time because, and especially somebody coming in, You know what, two, three years now? Three year? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Three years. I mean, at three years I could barely lace my boots. I mean there's just a, there's such a, a process. But it's trial and error too. Yeah. Like you have to figure out. Yeah. Because what you want, you want it to look natural. You want it to look real and you just have to, I think a lot of times what happens are the guys, and I, and I tell 'em this all the time, it's like, you don't look like a wrestler to me.


You look like somebody trying to emulate a wrestler. You're trying to be something that you've seen on tv. I don't get that with you. I get, I I get Logan Paul. That's what I get. And, and, and that's, and that's awesome. We don't, don't try to change is my point to that. I'll be at the house trying to chill right now. Getting sober off the alcohol and pills right now on the mic. I've been sharpening my skills right now. Just in case I Got pick it up and kill. Right Now I'm rapping like before I had a deal. Right now I'm hungry. Like I never had a meal. Right Now I Got the blues getting green like it's teal right now. Can't get out the game. Like I'm Jordan Peele right now and I'm chilling with lp. My shirt's Fred Perry and my underwear lv My mind's all Gucci.


And my body is healthy on this mission to the money. Big Mike. Let's get wealthy. Sounds good. And I'm in Cleveland right next to where Alby with the telescope. They couldn't see me. I'm stealthy mainstream sellout. But can't nobody sell me. I made it out myself. Couldn't nobody help me. Who are you fighting next? Everybody. Me. I'm, I'm, yeah. I'll fight you. You would fight me. Why not? You're a fucking tiny Big. I'm taller than you. She's still tiny. That doesn't even make any sense. You're Just a tiny little Guy, bro. Just, just, you're Just a tiny widow pickle.


You're such a tiny widow pickle. You little wiggle widow pickle. Whatever happened. Oh, You were so cute. Two or three years ago. You a cute whittle pickle where you got inflated. It's like somebody inflated you. Doesn't make me tiny. I just didn't get inflated. Okay. My tiny whittle qua. It would go crazy. My tiny Whi Pomeranian buddy. He's so tiny. Thor Me, me and you fight. I We'll go crazy bro. Yeah, we'll go crazy. Well, yeah, it would just be good because like, I would be down. 'cause I wouldn't have to be the one to like, 'cause it would suck to be the one that has to deal with, you know, losing.


But I, I wouldn't be the one that would've To be with this. I have the opposite perspective. I feel like ruining my little brother's boxing career would be so bad. And, and mean. Like, I would get, people would be like, you're such a bad older brother. Like, they already say, but now you ruin his career as well. Yeah. But you're just a widow pickle. You're just a tiny, I'm not, you're like a tiny little like speck of dust. Tiny little. What? I'm a, I'm a fucking big speck of dust. You're just like a Hmm. How would I describe you? Just a fluff. A a ball of fluff. Do, Do you, do you really think you could beat me?


Yeah. You're, you're like, you're like the seven days, you're, you're weak. Seven days. What? You're weak. Just in general. I'm so strong. Prime isn't the first drink, but it's a great, have you tried, he he drinks like five of these a day. He'll drink like five of these in like a one hour seven. Well, I, I'm legitimate thirsty. I was gonna ask you that. Try One. Yeah. I mean, he could drink, Tried the other one. Didn't, didn't I see what you're doing, Mike? Well, well I liked, I liked some some, but I didn't like some, some either. It depends though. Fair. Well, yeah, that's fair. That's, you have Favorite flavors. Yeah. Favorite flavors. That's completely for Sure. Yeah. It's Totally acceptable. How many, how many are you drinking on average now these days?


Logan? Yeah, I, I'll drink, I'll drink at least minimum two a day. And I know that, that, that's been contested. And I'm, I, I'll be honest, I'm not really in the mood to do this fully, but I'll do it. I'll do it. Hey, Can somebody gimme four more of these? Jorge, can you grab me four more of these Please? Oh, Is it, is he gonna do it again? The Streamer world? Is it small? Like do all streamers know of each other? And is there, is there beef? Do you guys get along? Do you Normally The problem with streamers, okay, is that like the, the main currency is like confidence, right? And as soon as like somebody's confidence goes lower or like they, they can like, What is it in Insecure for like half a sec.


Is he okay, I'll join him. Yeah, Mine's empty. You, you just did three. Mike, look. Mike, you look okay. Wait, wait, wait, Wait. Okay, sorry, what were we saying? Talk About's a lot. I wasn't gonna say anything.


Alright Man, I Got a question for you. You talking about 4.4, right? Yes. You saw that 4.4, right? I did see your 4.4. I Got, what is your four yard dash? It's not fast, but it's one step faster than all the dudes that are not PP It's one step faster than the defenders that are coming to, to tackle me. Okay. That's a good comeback. You know what a, but I just wanna make it clear. I'm faster than you. Yeah, you're probably faster than me. I, I'll say that. But you but you, I've never seen you run with pads on. Oh, okay. Alright. Like I was a bro, so story, but I, and you know O Ohio, right? Yeah. In Ohio.


I was a D one recruit. I had Ohio State, you know, trying to get me USC. Okay. KFC. You know, I had all of these colleges trying to get me, You know what I'm Saying? How, why did you ask me if I know Ohio? Like it's not a state. Yeah. You know Ohio. Right? But I couldn't focus Time. What if he said no speak? What if he was like, nah, I've never heard It. But yeah, like all these colleges tried to get me, You know what I'm saying? But I just started at the YouTube so I just, but yeah, I used to be a F five star football college recruit man, Bro. See, I What Position? What position? What position? Yeah, what Position? I was slot. Slot and receiver. I feel like I heard you tell Kevin Durant that you were being recruited for basketball as well. Well as well. Yeah. Both. Both. Yeah. I thought you played soccer. Yeah, I did that too. Oh Wait, pat, pat.


Is it, Is it soccer or Is it Football? It's soccer dog. Come On. I mean, we're in, we're in Missouri right now. Kansas. Just be like, bro soccer. Somebody's watching this from Liverpool right now. You Know? That's what I'm saying, bro. Just be like, it's just, just call it, If I'm in England, I will call it fu ball. So we're in, we're in America. You saw the rocks return recently? I did. When he went out there and he said, you think I should sit at the head of the table? Do you think he had that line written on his wrist? No. Because one thing I know about Dwayne, he never makes the same mistake twice.


Did he know you were gonna do that? I didn't know I was gonna do that. No Way. No, I didn't know I was gonna do that. It was one of those things where it happened in last minute and looking back at it, it was fucking stupid. Because we have the biggest star in The world coming back when they don't need to. Like giving our product ratings, giving our product relevancy, getting people to talk about us and what do I do? You smoked Them? No. Amateur like no, that's not it. The guy is going a million different directions. Probably flew in from God knows where Working A full day and I Now I now know what that feels like and just wants to do the best he can.


Mm. I don't blame him for that. I blame myself for taking advantage of that. And a professional professional would've been like, Hey, before you go out there, if you do go out there like that, I'm going to use it. That's a professional. Mm. I had a stupid rookie move about use it. That's not, that's not how we, we trust each other in there. That's not how that works. I don't see that perspective. Okay, that's cool. I get it. And by the way, I thought It was great as an Entertainment Like fan For, from an entertainment standpoint, objective, achieved, gained interest.


Box office was crazy. Yeah. Set pay-per-view. Buy rates. Yeah. Sometimes in the fight game it gets a little gray. Yeah. But we're all on the fucking same team out there man. And you gotta have trust. What if he Said No in a boxing ring? Then I don't use it Really? Then I don't use it. But what About the box office? I would entertain another way. There's more than one way to solve a creative puzzle. Yeah. Yeah. That's, and that's where you build trust and that's where people really shine. And that's where you bring the best out of people. And that's why when I sit down with people, I literally, first of all, I make sure to sit down with them and let's, you gotta go way back.


You can't just tell that moment in the story. I spent years calling out the rock saying that, man, if you love the business you should be back. What a fucking hypocrite I am. I love the business. I should be back. I should be back all the time. But I'm not, I it's, Is it Tuesday? Today? What is it Tuesday? Yeah, Tuesday. Yesterday was Monday. Where the, where the hell was I at? Raw? Why wasn't I raw? Yeah, we were wondering that. Yeah, exactly. We watched Raw, we watched Drew Mag Flamey and punk. Well I was only watching 'cause I thought he was coming out and he didn't show up. Yeah. And I didn't show up, but I can sit here and say I love the business. Yeah. But I'm super hypocritical in my approach from being young and stupid.


Of course. So Rock was already pretty upset with me about that because all he'd given to the business and the without him, I don't get a chance to do the other stuff. Mm. And without him, I don't get a chance. In wrestling, he was so popular and helped rise the tide, which helped split competition, which helped the hiring spree, which Benjamin buttoned me into getting a defensive contract, which I parlayed into a thing where he'd be on TV 'cause he left and did all this stuff. And Now I get a chance. I owe a lot to that. And that the, the methodology I wanted to sell tickets. There's a right way and a wrong way to do it. Was he Pissed? He was. And justifiably so. Yeah, because he's a guy who, who's got his heart in it.


He still comes back, bro. Yeah. And the people go crazy. Crazy. Should we do tickle challenge? I might be uncomfortable. Yeah. Okay. No, that's fine. Whoa. Whoa. What about me is making you uncomfortable? You doing Strangers? Well, it's like in the strangers, I'm like standing up at Target and I'm like, I have to move some microphones around. Yeah. No, I'd say we stand up and run it Right now. Yeah, I would. I only wanna see you do it. I say we do it right here. Seem, because you see apprehensive about it. I wanna see you do something. Yes, yes, yes. I just wanna see him do something like, he's like, Kev, Kevin, gotta step up. Can you grab the camera? You know what I'm saying? Can you grab, grab the camera, Caleb, maybe shoot with that camera. Right. For this tickle challenge.


And then Kevin, I think shoot on your phone as well. Okay. Well I was just gonna tell you don't overdo it. 'cause you then you're gonna scare him off. No, I'm Not bro. Or he might not laugh. No. Okay. Wait, Is it right here? Like, just pretend it's your TikTok. Do you wanna get away from the table or Do you wanna get a little closer, Caleb? Or is that good? This is, I mean, this is solid. I could zoom in too. Okay. Logan liked the tickle challenge on my TikTok and wanted to give it a try himself. So let's give it a try. Whoever laughs first loses you can go.


That, that was, no, it was not. That was a noise. It was a crunch. It was a crunch. Unfortunately, it's just gonna be the dumbest sick I've ever, I lost, so I won. No, cool, bro. I'm, I like laughing A lot. Would you, would I really? Would you be, would you be down for best two outta three? No. Okay. Yo, what's up? It's the Rizla and I'm taking over for Logan now. It's my show. I can't wait to see him. Turn your baby face.


It's gonna be great, but not yet. Yeah. I don't know. Not yet. I have no interest in doing that. No. Yeah. I, I think being heal is fucking awesome. But you gotta realize, bro, this is not a work. Okay. This is a shoot. What? The business is the shoot. Everybody's gonna tell you it's a work. It's not a work. What do you mean the business is a shoot? I Don't, I don't know if I Understand the returns. If I Russell you right now. Yeah. And Vince pays you a million bucks and he pays me 5 million. Yeah. Is that a work or a shoot? I don't know. I don't think I know the terms. Let Him Explain it. Oh, you don't know the terms. What I shoot, what a sh I know a work. What is a shoot? Come on. You're bullshitting me. He's not, he's serious.


Yeah. I'm, I'm fucking with you. Okay. Thank you. No, he is not. No, he's not. He is not. Yeah. Tell Him you, you embarrassed bad. Okay, that's fine. How about this? Can you explain it to our audience at home quickly? That doesn't understand. Fuck I blew It. Sorry. Just a note. Shut up. He's gonna explain it to the audience. Logan, Stop. Logan knows what means. No, No, no. Logan knows what it means. But maybe just explain it to our audience at home quickly. It's hard. Explain brother. Come over here. You come here. Oh, Kevin, sit right here. Sit right here. Oh, Oh, Pleasure, sir. Good to see you. Good to see you. Okay. If we're here, face me. I'm not getting up. I'm too tired to go. If, if you're here and I was to grab a top wrist lock on you like this.


Okay. No, no. That's a work. If I go through here, It actually hurts. How you gonna kill Kevin? No, I could break your arm here. You can about to turn me car, for Instance, if I grab, come here, if I grab the headlock on you and I grab the headlock like this, that's a word. If I grab it like this, I put that bone against your head. Oh, You know, that's a shoe. Okay. See you Anyway. No, But no, the work, the shoes, when you're working together, I see. You know, or when you're doing something for real, bro. If I'm making more money than you, that's for real. If I'm a baby face and my merchandise is selling more than yours, that's, that's a shoot. Yeah. So this business back in the day, used to be about the money and the miles is how far you travel for how much money you make.


But at the end of the day, if I'm like, You know, WrestleMania three, God bless his soul, Andre, I made a lot more money than him. You know, thank God he never found out. You know, but that's a shoot, bro. If, if somebody's making more money than me, I'm not gonna go. Okay. It doesn't matter if I'm a heel and I make less money, that's a lot of work to me. That's a shoot. I see you and I are in the ring and we're fighting and we're driving the same amount of miles and we're busting our ass and breaking sweat and getting hurt in that ring. And you make more money than me. That's a shoot to me, man. Mm. You know, You know, I don't care if I'm a baby face or a good guy. It's a work. It's, it's a work. No, it's not a work. If someone makes more money than you, to me, that's a shoot.


But isn't that then, isn't it always a shoot? Yeah. Thank you. That's why I keep saying, and you know, just because we're working in the ring, but the business is a shoot. This is about making money. Right. You know, so for me it's, I've always looked at it that way. And when Iwo, when I worked for Vince Sr. He always played paid the champion more than the guy he was wrestling. So all of a sudden when Vince Sr. Passed the torch to Vince, and all of a sudden, You know, my first check at the garden was some crazy check, You know? And I beat the Iron Sheik the next month, You know, when Vince Junior was running, my check was nowhere near what my first check was. I said, oh bro, that doesn't work for me. You know? So I, I kept, tried to keep things going as long as I could with Vince Sr's theme.


But at the end of the day, for me, the business has always been a shoot. Because if someone makes more money than me, that's a shoot to me. You know, I just can't go. It's a work. It doesn't matter if his merchandise sells 10 times as much as mine. It's a work. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So when you turn Babyface, watch what happens. Watch how your stuff blows through the roof. What do you think about the fury Molly Mae breakup? It's been big News. Tell me about that. For the past Week. Oh Wow. What Happened, Molly? One of the most loved relationship, Molly is on the, I look at Molly. That's a, that's a narcolic. Oh God. No. No. It's not the, no, no, no, no. So actually I think they might have broke up because of his use of Molly to be's one of the, with him gonna fight soon.


No, this is one of the most beloved couples in The world. Very sad. Especially in the uk. It's a very sad moment for the internet and for love as a whole to see these two split waves. What do you have to say? Oh, This is what you, no one cares, knows the pain. No, no one knows the pain of the heavyweight champion when he's alone. Got it. You know, we see, we, You know, I saw, I saw him Tell him, we gotta Tell him I saw him falling down in the street. Tyson Fury and stuff, You know, we beat ourselves up. We torment ourselves. Tell me something. You guys are gonna what? Whisper. Let's go. Well, it's actually, it's actually his brother. His his little brother. Brother. Tommy. Tommy, Tommy, Tommy Fury. The one that Jake, that Jake fought. What's Tommy doing? He broke Up with Molly.


Well, no, I think who the Fucking Molly, who the fuck Molly is? I'm thinking about getting high. I he thought we were talking about Tyson Fury. Molly, I have No idea what I'm in the drug phase. I Got, I'm in the drug. I'm in the drug in my life. This guy. You ever watch WWE e Truthfully, that's where your brain, that was your savior right there. That was his Insane, His brain's like come up with one of the brains quick arch. You already tried. Prime do. Do you ever watch him? Like that was, that's where his brain goes. So, so you're not, you're not a Kevin Owens fan. I don't, I don't, I don't like violence. Yeah. Truthfully, He, Kevin Owens knocked him out.


Look at his eye. I I was gonna ask that. He didn't knock me out. When was this? Well, he knocked you Down two days ago. Two days ago. That's when you got that belt. No, no. I've had the belt that make no sense. I'm the reigning United States champion Green. Is This a joker? Is it serious? No. He got, He did, he got, he hit me with an elbow. Yo, You know what's, You know what's crazy? Is that legal elbow me? It's legal. I will say in wrestling. So you do wrestling, not boxing? I do both. Okay. But I'm gonna focus on wrestling. You walked in here, you said, I'm with The world Champ and I had to correct you. I was like, well technically it's United States Champ, but I'm going for The world championship. You should. Which why not Ruby?


You know, Absolutely super superstar. Super Stars was about to say, what were we Gonna say? I just wanna say quickly that his eye, 'cause I I, he needs to be humbled every once in a while. Like, let's be honest, bro, he's a United States Champ. It's, it's nice when he gets knocked around. But that, that's gonna heal for Sure that Bruce is gonna go down and I don't want him to forget about it. I don't want him for him to forget what happened. So I Got something for you actually to remind you. I Got you a Kevin Owens action figure. Is that like the legend? No, that's the guy who did it to him. And I wanna make sure that you always have a reminder that, that Kevin Owens did this. Are you out of your god damn mind? Nah, bro. Yeah, bro. Hey, gotta get this shit outta here.


Also, also, He doesn't have this type of definition. Steve doesn't have Fuck that. Nah, no shot. He's my next opponent. He's my next opponent. You're gonna beat the shot at him. I'm, I'm, I have to. I'm defending my title. Got him. Nah, you should come to an event if you're ever, if you're ever in the same city as us, Ruby. Hell yeah. I want to come. So I, I, as someone who comes, as an outsider would say yes. And are You, who's he swear about? Who on your ass again, please.


Nah, nah, nah, please. Because Jay's a homie now. Nah, nah, nah. Jay's a homie now I'll get him to flip your ass soup actually from the top rope and drop you, bro. You brittle ass heroin bones. Fuck you. Every time you hit him, he comes back to me too. Where'd he Go? So, so, so look, there's obviously like a theatrical component to it. Like, I'll exaggerate, but I'm a dramatic, I'm a drama queen. I love drama. Like, I'll, I'll I talk my Shit. You, you be shit talking. I like it. Be talking About shit. It'd be Good drama King. More Like a bitch, bro. Boy, you going stop, Stop, stop, stop. I'm actually gonna fire you from this podcast. You can't fire him. He got equity. Yeah, that's True. You can fire Me. My fiance Nina is pregnant.


I'm expecting a daughter in two months. I know how much you love your daughter and you speak so highly of her and just like, dude, help me. Like, what, what, what, what can I expect? Dude? I'm gonna be a girl dad. Yeah. Which is, which is terrifying, but so exciting at the same time. And, and I'm, I, this next chapter of my life is so close, but I, it, it doesn't, I haven't done anything for this. My life has not changed at all. Then all of a sudden I have a daughter. Yeah. So everything that you do from the day that she is conceived to the day that she dies, like everything will have an effect on her. So always try and watch the tone of your voice.


Always be your pheromones are so important. You know, make sure that you keep that girl close to you. Make sure that you, you, you have a thi this made me b my eyes out. My, my daughter came to me and she was like, I just, I just needed, I just need your hug. Like, there's nothing like my dad's hug. I was just like, Oh God. I just start like she, I, she hugged me while she was hugging me. I was like, Damn. And that comes from just like years and years of just always giving that safe embrace, right? Like you're the first, you're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. Come on bro.


You're gonna be, you're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. And so you have this connection with her will no matter what anybody does in her life, no matter who she marries and whatever, you are always going to be the safe place for your daughter. And so give her that. Give, give her that love that so many young girls and grown women out here don't, don't get to have. Yeah. And fuck you Bro. It's true. No belt.


The former US champion. How dare you imagine being known as that. How dare you in the city of Cleveland, my hometown Ohio. That son of a strip me of my title in my hometown. I cannot think of a worse situation than the one we're in right now. Yeah. I have nothing. Hold on a second. What? Well, that could, I guess that's technic. No wait. I don dunno. I thought you were gonna scream. I thought we were gonna be like, I just was processing it. Do we just use, bring him in? Just that we need, we need a little work on that.


On I thought you were gonna scream. Well, 'cause I just was in so much fear of the dead man, dude, that I couldn't, I was, I was shook dude. Yeah. Just speechless. Yeah. Basically I'm home and my driveway's gone. What Used to be a concrete slab outside 1438 Bethesda Street is now a patch of dirt that she didn't ask for. Someone took her driveway as she was trying to get ready for Christmas of all The things that, Okay, so, so I've seen your video. What, what do, what are we talking about? What would you like to, To this woman?


What do you do? What do you do? What, what advice do you have for her? Her car wasn't stolen. John. Her driveway was stolen. Gone. Okay. So a piece of news that makes each of us feel differently. You're, you're tearing up. I wish I as you Should. It's sad. So, so what? When something like this happens, and I have never had my driveway stolen, but when, when the proverbial driveway shit hits the fan. Yeah, Right? Totally. In all honesty, I ask myself, what can I control? Can she get her original driveway back?


Does she have the money to have a new driveway? Does she have the vehicle to GoFundMe for a driveway? What are the resources does she have? How important is the driveway? What can you control right now? And then if the things that are like the stuff that is beyond your control, let go and focus on the stuff you can control. That's it. So if it is just the perspective of I didn't take my car. Okay, cool. That gets you through the day. Or man, what can I do immediately within my power and my financial reach to put crushed gravel down there. And we're talking about a crazy video of a lady who got her driveway taken, which we're, we're even getting laughter from way off camera, Dude.


'cause it's just, But so what I, what I see in that video is shit happens every day. Your fucking driveway got taken. Clip that just, that exactly. Your Driveway got taken To a soundboard. Added to a soundboard. Your a driveway Got Taken. What a better what? A, there isn't a better example of what is within my control. Serenity prayer And what can I do now? Big time. Yeah, big time. Grant me the strength. It can, You know, control the things that I can and let Wisdom to know the difference For Sure. Yes. Yes. And I, I think that's huge because that how, how do you even navigate something like that?


But what a, what a crazy funny microcosm that We can have a laugh at. But if the, a good takeaway there is, okay, this has happened. Do, can I control the fact that I need to be fucking angry for 20 minutes, guys go over there. I'm going to yell into a pillow. Or I'm going to the gym or I'm gonna, I need to do what I need to do to lighten my backpack. 'cause I need to be angry. That's within my control. That's, I want to do that and that'll help me move forward. But once you get there, okay, what, what can I do now to make this bad situation better? I didn't want to do this. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna give you superl touch. Oh no favorite match. My next one. God, He's answered this question line.


He's had his driveway stolen in the past. Said gonna do it. He knows I don he is gonna like the driveway. They'll, they'll What would you do? Control what you can man. Control what you can you come home Just fuck. Where the fuck is my driveway? Damn driveway's gone. Still think you did win that guys. Oh, No way. We got gifts. Oh, nice. Still for a lot of money. This. Oh, No way. Oh, Thank you President. Just split it up. Here's Oh, amazing. This is, is this, is this your mugshot? This is, yeah. Can you a gangster? This is what we're reduced to.


No way. No way. Should we put 'em on now? Yeah. You know, Is it crazy though? That's amazing. And it sells well, Elvis had one. Frank Sinatra had one this shirt, but we've eclipsed him a long time ago. We've eclipsed them. This is crazy. It's pretty cool, isn't it cool? I have to go honest. I'm jealous. It's actually, you know, I'm not sure if I love it or not, but No, no, it's good. It is what it Is. It it, it happened that the might as well monetize it. So why are you single? Because I don't want a girlfriend Just that. Simply put Yeah. I think that's why we broke. I had my moments where I went. I think that's why we broke up, bro. We men we got our MOMENTS OF times where I went. I Feel like you got your heartbroken one time.


Heartbroken. Yeah. Nah, not, not bro. I did too. I feel like you got your heartbroken one time and that just really fucked you Up. I wouldn't say I had my heart broken. I've, I I started to understand women a little bit more as I Got, well, early on I understood that. Like, she's not mine. Even if she may be my girlfriend, she, she might be influenced by other people. No. Hey d you're, you're selling yourself short of the greatest energy in this world. That is love. I Mean, he's right. But bro, Don't trip on that relationship. If we having a good time for a moment, then cool. If we, if you end up venturing off. And I do too. It is what it is. But don't You know anybody that's that's been like married for like decades?


Yeah. About I know some people that were married for a couple weeks. Yeah. But you're focusing too much on those people. I'm focusing on everything. When you go onto the court, do you manifest that you're the best on the court Manifest? Or Do you, do you believe it? Like, do you truly believe that you're the best out there? I Just do my job. You're not giving me anything here. I really do man. Because I believe if you believe that love was out there for you, you would find it. You're a great guy. You're the nicest guy in the NBA. I'm not. See you think I really actually made that list? I didn't. Well, I, yeah. Why, why did we get that intel? No, no, because he, he shared it and that it was, But I did not share that though. Wait, Dylan tell what's Going on here. It's someone made that. Yeah, someone made it. It's, it's a Photo. Oh, it, oh, it's a p show.


Like someone, Someone Photoshop To make you look Soft. Like those NBA like parody accounts and shit. Oh. So let's blame Dylan then. You want to No, but like, yeah, yeah. Bad context. I always blame Dylan. Alright, so we'll blame. No, it's your fault. I don't care what you're saying. It's your fault. Yeah, But you thought I made that too. Everyone did. Yeah. Yeah. It went viral. People really thought it was, Hey, is that Fucked up? Fake news can circulate that fast. Yeah. Hell yeah, bro. Did you not see all the Ryan Garcia stuff lately? Are you not tapped in all the, I have seen a lot of that. Have, Have you seen it? Yes. That's not him. No, it's him. No, it is. But he said there's gonna be, he said the other day that there's going to be an earthquake in Los Angeles. No shit. Everybody could predict.


Oh yeah. No Shit. It's probably one every day. Yeah. Legit, legit, bro. Hey, you just gotta find the right girl, man. Come on bro. Stop talking to me. Like I need advice on It's whatever. No, Trust me. Trust me, trust me. He got his heartbroken. One I used Be just like him, Bro. I used to be just like him. Like, bro, Every time I explain my STAs to people, they say shit like, no, I get him, bro. You just been hurt or you just, bro, I enjoy spending time with, it's just, it's just not as long as maybe you like to spend time with people. Man, bro, That one, two days for me is cool. But that one hand won't last bro. Forever, bro. You need something that's going Hand you don't need. No, I'm now I'm gonna argue on side. Bro. Can I compare yourself to me and you 16 bro. You have no other resource but your hand.


So please don't put me in the same, You know what I mean? Tear as you when it comes to that. You know what I'm saying? You're right. You not even you a youngster. No, I'm not. No, I'm 19. But I mean, hey, But you ain't had No, no, no. I had a little something, but I still Your, your hand will always be there for You. Come on bro. Stop. I know I shouldn't even dap you up.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.