
Looking in the comments, they're like, he still hasn't fought a real boxer. It's like, didn't you beat two boxers in a row in the first round? The problem is the dumb people don't know they're dumb differently Than that. This dude was on the roof in plain sight off the Secret Service. Everybody in the audience with a gun Con McGregor, he went right to Twitter. Well, he goes from, look at what Mike Perry's doing. He's gonna fuck up that little dweeb to You're fired. Like, I think Biden is 80. He's six. So that they can swap someone in. Joe Biden's standing down here we are Jake Paul.


Here we are. Here we are. Back at it like a crack addict. Let's go. Hey. All right guys, let's go. Hey, ladies and gentlemen. It's it's mood boosting. It's Jake Paul, double digit, 10 and one boxer. Yeah, let's go. The greatest boxer of our generation, less than less than 12 hours. Actually, you fought Mike Perry like 11 hours ago, actually. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Late fight Jake. It was so late. I did not like that. It was too late. It was like one 30 when you started. Yeah. I Got home and it was 4:00 AM I was like, how is this even possible? Well, dude, Thank you for making the podcast. I can't believe I made it on time. I'm me either. Very professional of you. Hey, You know how we do it, baby.


We keep grinding, we keep hustling, we keep going. It's every day, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a w with the Disney Channel flow. That's, that is a w Jake. I, I, I'm so, I'm so proud of you. I feel like I just feel like a broke record. I keep saying this, but yesterday was so beautiful as, as like your brother and as a fight fan and to see what you did to this guy and you dismantled him, and he's a badass way tougher than I thought. I kept saying he's, I kept saying, let's see how tough, let's see how tough you are. And I was like, damn, he's okay. Tough. Turns out he's, he's tougher. Yeah, man. Some of these punches you were hitting him with you. You are, you are just so destructive. Yeah. I don't know how he took all those, but him and I, and I knew that, I knew that was going through your head as well.


I was like, bro, what the fuck? Just give it up, dude. Yeah. Just give it up. Or his coroner just stopping the fight. Yeah. But I don't know. My, my arms are sore as fuck today from all the punches and Well, you look great putting the damage on 'em. Thank, you, man, Thank you, Hey, where, where did You find that left hand from? Dude, we've been working on it. What the Hell we've been working On. I said, I'm standing there in the fricking second row. I'm watching, I'm looking, I'm like, Jake got a left nail. You got a jab. And I'm screaming, jab jab, because you hit him with one of the jabs really connected, like, I think maybe round three, something like that, in round two, round three. And you wobbled him with the jab, Stumbled him with a jab. And I was like, dude, this is reminiscent of the once great Logan Paul jab. Dude, He used to have a good one Day.


He used to have a good one back his day. He had a good one. It was the one thing He had. He really did. He really did that fast. You just do this. We won 1 1 1 You know what? You know what bothers me. What bothers you? And this always bothers me, but like obviously like any, anytime we do something victoriously, I think people are gonna try to discredit us and people are still saying the same thing. Like, well, he hasn't fought a real boxer yet. But in my head, I'm like, well, didn't you, didn't you beat two boxers in a row in the first round with winning records? Yes. One was 17 and two, and one was 10 and one, and looking in the comments, they're like, he still hasn't fought a real boxer. It's like, whatcha talking about you guys are fucking idiots.


And these people are allowed to vote. Scary times, scary times for the United States of America. But I'm not seeing as much of it though, don, don't. I do. And I'm seeing the, I'm seeing the Perry looks different in this fight, so it's gotta be rigged No way he would do this. This is impossible. That Jake beat. It's like, oh, ah, frustrating. I Got. Hey, they're allowed on the road. This is scary. You're about to have a daughter, bro. She she's gonna be in your car. No Don in your backseat. And there's people out there these fucking nimrods stop. Like, I can't believe how dumb people are. It's so sad. And Mike Perry said it best. He said a different version, but he said, the problem is that dumb people don't know they're dumb.


He said it slightly differently than that. Yes. But man, it's, it's, I hate, I hate The world. I will say though, I hate The world, so, so saying this morning. That's what I was trying to say. You just hate The world. No, same. I will say though, this is the first fight I'm seeing where there are some people saying maybe it's time to have that conversation that Jake maybe does know what he's doing. That that that narrative, that narrative's is starting from people who I don't think maybe would've originally admitted that. Now they want to have that conversation. Yeah. Yeah. We're here. Yeah. You're 10 and one betterly better late Than never. Yeah. That's, that's why I'm, that's why I'm, It wasn't when I beat Anderson Silva. Yeah, that was, that was it for me. Yeah. That was it for me. But hey, people are a little slow.


That is funny. Dumb dumb. People don't know they're dumb. But listen to that, it's really sad. And then they're like really in the comments like, oh, this is fucking rigged. And then they like, put their phone down there. They're like, yeah, I feel bad, but why Do you, but why do you care? Like, dude, you fucking, The question is why do you even Mushrooms and grow your brain? Why do you care all That's what I'm like, like here's my question. Like we had, these are just ca not even casuals, they're just haters, right? We had Terrance fucking Crawford, pound for pound best fighter on the planet. Not disputable. Not contend saying Jake Paul's the real deal. I Say, I say Jake Paul. Paul is a real fighter. Is Jake Paul boxing to Terrence Crawford? He could have said anything. Certainly I was, I thought he was laughing my face.


He goes, he goes, yeah, that's wild. I was like, oh my God. Well, that's What I Got a lot power in the right hand. Like Yeah. Yeah. That's what I've always said is the respect from my peers means more than anything. All the greats, all the legends, Mike, Tyson himself, Evander, holy Field, Manny Pack, yeah. Oscar de la Joa. Like everybody showing respect means more than the general population. But it, it concerns me and bothers me because like I said, they can vote and they can drive on the road, but it's not even that. So they're gonna kill people. They can reproduce. Exactly. They can make more of them. No, and the movie Idiocracy is like actually becoming a real thing. It's got to that. It's got dude. Yes. When I was watching it, I was like, that's, that's his crime.


This is Crime. a hundred percent. It does got to that. I like money. Do you like wanna be friends? I like money. Oh man. I was gonna say something just completely forgot, man. Idiocracy, it is coming it some shit backing All of us. The people saying that though aren't real. They're not recreating, they're not even real people. They're just, they're just the MPCs Dragon Ball Z pictures on, on Twitter and, and pictures of, of Christiano Ronaldo's head, the the anonymous account. I saying, look, dude, in a real fight, like, bro, if I could tell you how long ago, I just completely blacked out anything that anyone says online and just, you can just attribute it all to the fact that this is just ignorable noise.


You just, you just keep trucking, bro. As, as, as Kendrick would say, fuck 'em all in they mama. Yeah. Facts. But, but, but Terrence said the same thing that Hulk Hogan just told you before he left. When you're ringside and you see the violence that you are throwing your hands with, it's like a different story. Like seeing you in person. And, and by the way, that's why you can fill it these arenas. Time and time and time again, I told you this, I was, I was standing in my hotel room and I'm seeing all these people congregate towards the Imal arena to watch my brother fight. I'm like, yo, this is, this is crazy. They're all here to see him. And last night you gave them their money's worth. First off, the whole card was incredible. The whole card was insane. And most valuable promotions, like just, just excellent across the board.


But watching you fight in person and people knowing that that highlight reel moment is coming is what they're paying for. a hundred percent. I I do think there is a weird thing where like on camera, you can't tell the punches or like on the stream, you, you're start, you're starting to tell a little, a little more. You, they're, you're looking faster than obviously when you first started it. The, I'm telling you, the, the facade of Jake Paul camp box is, is is slowly ending. Like I imagine there's some people reconsidering That fighting you, that jab. They really should. And that's why like I don, I think when people see me saying, oh, I'm gonna be world champion, like, they're like, oh, he's doing this for marketing.


It's like, no, that's actually gonna fucking happen. And I believe in my skill. And the number one thing you need in boxing is the God-given ability and the skill can come later, but I have the God-given ability of power and speed, which not every fighter has. And so that's the equalizer and all of these fights, Deontay Wilder, it's Davante. It's all these people who You know were on these crazy KO streaks because they just have too much power for all their opponents And stamina. Yeah. And stamina and that. And every time I watch one of your fights, or a lot of fights that I watch come down to who's the most gassed when you get to round five, round six. And the fact that it's never you is a testament to the hard work that other people call into question.


That's the reason why Perry was gassing out facts. Perry was starting to gas out. He, he Don don't know how much of it was gassing out versus Jake literally taking a part of it. His soul, his entire manhood from him in front of 15,000 people, bro, like you, you saw his him crumble as crumble as a man. Yeah. And, and, and, and after that, that's why before the fight, mom, you were nervous. Everyone's saying, Mike Perry's tough. I'm like, bro, we like tough guys, but We all walked out of it Saying they they could take As fuck. So I don Dunno if we I Don. Yeah, no, he's tough. you know what I'm saying? But, but, but it's, it's gonna hurt him. My brother took years off this man's life last night, like a, like actually years off his life, bro. Some of these punches that went upper cut, don don't know how he took that.


His corner should have stopped it probably should. They totally should have. don don't know. They probably just thought he could like, pull off a upset or something or like land one. Well, that's I what they're all like hoping for at least, or at least telling themselves. But He was, he was throwing some, some pretty hard punches. You, you did get a little nervous there around three or four. What happened? Not nervous after he threw you to the mat and your head hit. I saw, I saw you and I obviously with wrestling, my head's always hitting the mat and I'm like, oh, that can cause equal damage as as a punch to the face when you just land on your head. And I was, and then he started landing punches and I mean, you'll see on, on these guys' cameras, bro. I had a moment where I was like, tune the fucking Jake. I saw that, that that was my weakest round. I. Think out. You still, you still won the round by the way.


Yeah. Yeah. But definitely he was picking up some momentum there. I just had to figure out his timing. But he was doing all this weird stuff, changing stances, putting his hands down and like throwing over. And honestly, it's easier to fight boxers because they just like are more rigid in a pattern. Predictable. Yeah. It's more predictable. The MMA fighters are stronger than boxers because they have that grip strength in their forearms. The grappling strength, they're like bears and then their punches are not uniform. And it's just like wild, crazy thing. So honestly, fighting boxers is not two boxers out in the first round of the last two fights. So I think MMA fighters are more difficult to find the rhythm of and to pick apart.


Well there's one fighter who's trying to pick you apart for everything you do. And he does MMA Conor McGregor chirping yet again. First thing he does, by the way, he's he's your biggest fan. He was watching that fight live. I know You know he was, come on bro. First thing he, all the fights pops right to x all the fights. You know he got, he got whiskey and for the 65, his throat. What Thank you for the $65 buying the pay-per-View respect. Oh dude, your pay-per-view are 65 bucks now. Yeah. Shit. Oh man, that's crazy. Oh, that's so cool, man. But yeah, he went right to Twitter. Fired, fired Mike Perry from the Bare Knuckle Championship. Which which is such a dickhead move.


Like, like talk about not being a ride or die. That's it. It's, that's, that's, I feel so bad for like kick a man while he is down. Well, he goes from look at, look at what Mike Perry's doing. He's the BKFC put him in these fucking positions. Fucking doing so good. He's gonna fuck up that little dweeb to you're fired. Like bro, choose a side. Choose a side. He is very fickle. I guess that's common. Common. Conor McGregor L Yeah, I like him. He's a walking's entertaining. L he's, he's, he's an L but his bank account does slap. That's, that's where he's a w Why Doesn't he just get in the ring with you? But that's, that's what I was saying is he's on Twitter, he's on his yacht, he's on cocaine, but he's not in the ring with me.


And so until he, he does that. I don't want to hear any more shit from him. Wait, What was the, what his, what's the injury again? He broke a toe. He broke his, it's always tell such Ridiculous He broke his tongue. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why would you do that? Probably stumped on a coffee table. Okay, buddy. Yeah, he's, he's a, he's a broken man, but he's entertaining and that's why I still like Conor McGregor. But, but no, He's the most entertained, so the most Entertaining and so is Ryan Garcia. But they go both crashed out cocaine. Come On. It's, there's a big Difference. don don't know. It's pretty similar. Connor's, it's like behavior's. Connor's a real showman. Ryan's just was a Bohemian grove once. There's a huge fucking difference Allegedly in your, in your opinion, Some of the most fun I've been having recently has been at these fights and stuff at these events.


Well, look, summer's official here, Mike. So it's time to see your favorite artists go to the biggest events like these fights. That's why I gotta tell you today about our special hookup from today's sponsor. You guest at SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. Many artists are touring, right? Now, including Billy Eilish, Sabrina Carpenter, Mia, espresso, Hozier, Noah Kahn, Zach, Bryan SeatGeek. Got you covered. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dot, green means good. Red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the events with swaps. No matter how many times you bought tickets using SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now. This offer is available for a limited time only. Shout out SeatGeek back to the show.


Obviously like so impressed with your performance last night, but like e equally as impressed with your ability to fight for your life and then obviously win in the way you did. And also like promote your new products dude. To to watch you to watch you be the marketing director. A a as you're like in between the fighting moments like you won fight you like yo get w get w we get the, we'll get the shot afterwards. We're shooting co commercials for you ran a commercial before your fight that it looked like it was your prelock room. Wrap up like, bro, you're a marketing genius. Thank you brother. It's fun to watch Thank. you brother. I get off on that shit. I'm like, this guy's thinking Thank you brother. And that means a lot coming from another marketing genius.


So love it. I really appreciate that. I think the commercial is fucking hilarious. So good dude. Like, so good. That one's gotta go down in history because we fooled everyone. Yeah. And and online too. It was so good as like a social repost. People are like, oh, what the fuck? He got his arm ripped off. Yeah. But I think doing fun commercials like that where it's not like directly a promo but is like still really good is is pretty fire. And then the shower, the shower video's doing good, but W's crushing it, man. So I guess this is Breaking News, the article will have come out like this morning if you wanna read more about it in the Wall Street Journal, but w broke the Walmart category history for a launch. Let's go an emerging brand. Let's, so like, let's go biggest launch in Walmart history and we're on track to do 50 mil year one.


So good, so good for a hygiene brand. Six. Come on bro. Come on. That's, that's so good. And massive. W it's massive. W and the product, the product is amazing. The body wash, everything deodorants. This is the first time we're talking about it on the pod, but like we just poured everything into the products and genuinely love them. So every time I wear it Nina's like, oh my God, you smell so good. She likes the deep woods one the best she does. No, she likes the original more, I think. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. She loves, she loves 'em both. But dude, it's, it's, it's, it's so impressive. And, and I think you're learning now as most influencers who can actually move the needle will realize that retail retail's key.


You Had the best promo box I've ever seen in my life. The best promo box. Like the box that you sent to Incredible. Yeah. Incredible. I've ever seen. Incredible. My, I opened it and it was me talking about doing drugs and shit and I was like, this is insane. And then I, and then I turned on, I went to Twitter and Yadi had posted his Yeah. And I was like, dude, this dude is re so that's when I knew, when I saw those boxes go out, that's when I knew you had like the right team with you too. Like I'm a hundred percent team is crazy. Everyone is on point and working nonstop around the clock. And I wanna do an influencer box. And I was like, everyone does the same shit. If I Got an influencer box, what would it be?


So that I would like have to post it. Yeah. Just for context. I, let me explain what you did. Yeah. And you tell me if I'm saying this right, but it's, it's, it's a, it's locker Bright yellow Locker, big bold w branding awesome. The products inside the product's Great speaks for itself. But when these, these influencers or personalities would open it, there is an AI generated video of themselves from the future telling them what it's like in the future. And that basically it always ended with like, Jake Paul's here to save you 'cause you you ended up smelling bad. Exactly. I die, I die. I, he died. So He didn't make it money. Not of a heroin overdose, but of smelling so Badly. But w saved you But w saved me.


Yeah. Yeah, dude, it's, it's, I'm telling you I geek over that. 'cause that's the fun part for me to watch. Especially 'cause You know we did it and, and it and it worked. But I'll tell you one thing that we learned and you gotta be prepared for the launch is the easiest part. Yeah. Now it just gets harder and gets hard and harder. I already feel that prepared for the smear campaigns. Prepare for for people picking apart your product. It's all coming. The lawsuits brother Ryan Garcia's coming. don don't wanna manifest it. I know. Yeah man, There's deer piss in this product. Yeah, no, it's actually clean fragrance, cruelty free and vegan And smells great. In case you wanted to eat it.


Yeah. And it's mood boosting, scientifically proven mood boosting. Yeah. This, the spray is aluminum free. Anyways. Congrats. Congrats on w Thank you man. It's major, major WI really appreciate that. Yeah. Yeah. And it's made USA Made in the manufacturing. Wow, brother. Yes. Yes. Yes. So, so so speaking of USA though, you're going to the Olympics somehow you got appointed as the the mental health fortitude coach for the Olympic League. The mental coach for the team USA Boston. Yeah. Which sounds hilarious. It's crazy. It's actually idea's a great idea. Yeah. Bringing in like meditation and them being prepared for, for the big moment and just being there for them to, to help support them in any way possible. I don't know how much help it's gonna be.


I'm sure they're gonna do fine with or without me. But, but also trying to bring eyeballs. We're dropping a documentary on my whole entire week that I spent with them and then the whole program that's going on there. So Are you bringing your, your team that you work with for yourself? Breath work? Like, are are they going with you? Susie's going with me. Got it. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. So we had Susie there in Colorado and she met all the fighters and really just got to know them and just provided any insights, but also just bringing more attention to the program so that other young people see boxers in the Olympics, then want to take up the sport and start getting to the gyms. Why don't you try to win a gold medal? We tried.


We, we tried. I missed the cutoff. Like when we came up with the idea, we were like three weeks late and bro, yeah, we missed Can you do it? I could do it in, in la. Would you do it in la? I think I might, bro. If you got it. I feel like it'd be sick. Even if you didn't get the gold medal, bro. You get an Olympic medal. But I would get gold medal bro. I'd beat those little fucking You would, right? Yeah. Why don't you do Jake? You should try to get a gold medal from 'em In what? Just in the Olympics in general For balance speed. Tetris. Yeah. Maybe Tetris championships in the Summer Olympics. Scoo Scoo beating my ass. Scooby sc toilet scoo scoo blue Fucking whoop me bro.


Blue Scooby. No, but that's a, it, it's tra it's a travesty. We missed the cutoff by like three weeks. But I was gonna be, if I could have went to one qualifying tournament, then it would've worked out. You should do it Jake. You should do a sick thing to have on your resume. It would be hilarious. Become Cruiserweight world champion, then get rid of my professional license and become amateur and win a gold medal in 20 What. is it 2028? 2028. 28. Along with your, well, we'll see what happens. But girlfriend, yes, No, I, No pressure Yuta. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's That'd be great. Easy. Crazy.


If we have kids, then they're gonna like, there's gonna be so much pressure. If they're an athlete though, like Yeah, they're gonna be athletes. Yeah, They're gonna be is since you're going to the Olympics as a mental health guru, is that why you're not coming to Summer Slam in Cleveland? Yeah, that's, that's, that is why bro. Sad. That's in Cleveland, Bro. That's Cleveland. Jake Jake Guys come. You're guilt. Are you gonna guilt, you're gonna guilt trip me. Can you fly in just for the day and then fly back out, Bro? It'd be so expensive. We could work with wwe. No, We can work with WWE on it If they want to. Caught me a jet. Look, I I just made that Off.


Look, IIII get it. I get it. Just August 3rd Summer Slam Cleveland. I'm gonna go, that's iconic. So hard La Night defending my US title. Oh, I wish you could be there, bro. It's still not a No, it's just not a yes To maybe it sounds like, But it's a no, probably. Mom, will you be there? I'll make you noodles. Butter noodles. Butter noodles. This is increasing the chances. I am so hungry, man. We're going to Waffle House after this Love Waffle House. Try not to get in a fight with the cashier. Okay. Do you want an old bacon egg and Cheese did? No, they're, they're notorious.


Well, I'm good at fighting. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Fair, fair. No, but they, waffle House is notorious, correct me if I'm wrong, for like most cashier clerk fights. That's where all the like ghetto fights. No, it's the most notorious. Yeah, it's the most notorious. There's fights every night. There's, it's if you go to Waffle House, you're leaving. It's kind of a vibe Though. Yeah, No, it is. It's dope for Sure. It's a vibe. Let's comfort in the chaos. Oh, okay. So you, you beat Mike Perry. You took this fight That was also insane because if you had lost the Mike Tyson fight wouldn't happen. There goes the biggest opportunity of your lifetime and also, oh yeah, 20, $30 million. But, but you, but you won, so that's good. And now Mike number two, back in your sights, Mike Tyson.


I, yeah, I don't even know, I guess I have to transition into thinking about that, but I'm just kind of exhausted. Yeah. But I'm gonna need to take like a couple days and just like, not think about boxing and then recalibrate and dial in on, on Mike Tyson. But definitely was crazy to take that whole risk. And thank God it all worked out. But that's God's plan. And here we are. And now the biggest opportunity November 15th is back in front of me. It's, it's a relief though. I, I was feeling the pressure of that one and oftentimes I would question myself like, why am I taking this Mike Perry fight And Logan, this is why I get so nervous. I, I think like Jake and he can hide it all he wants, but I know that I feel it literally inside that he knows the risk he's taking.


And it is a risk. And you knew it, and you told me you weren't gonna fight. We hang up three days later, Jake Paul's fighting. Make Mike Perry. Like, What, what? Change your mind. The fact that you surprised the family all the time as well. We're just like, what, what the fuck is this kid do? Like, yeah, don don't, bro, bro, bro, bro, I don't tell anyone. Just post the flyer. Win the fight. Call out Alex Pereira. I'm sorry, dog. Are you insane? That was insane. That was Insane. Pereira, I want you big puppy. That's crazy. Watch My face on the camera. You're like, Alex Perra. I go, Go. This guy is crazy. What did you just say? Well, I actually want someone where there can literally be no excuses after they'll make excuses.


But what could they, with him, what could they say though? That's what I mean. Like, don don't know. What are they They're saying with Mike Perry that he, it looks like he wasn't at his best and that Oh my weight is what they're saying. Yeah, because I weighed in at 200. He weighed in at 1 96. So I'm four pounds heavier. Oh, welcome to the sport. You fucking idiots. Like, yeah, you cut weight and then rehydrate and way more you fucking nimrods Once again. Why do you care about these people with just keep knocking people out. Just keep knocking. Why do you care? Knock person. We just had Hulk Hogan On It's because I terror do the fight it because I care about Everything. Do the fight, get the paycheck. Pop out a kid, do the fight, have a paycheck, pop out a kid, do the fucking Dragon Ball.


Z emojis. People do not matter. That was Hulk Hogan's advice is half a kid. Do. Well I threw, I'm throwing shit in there as I go. I'm, I'm I'm half a fucking You. know what? Well, it's 2024. Can I say it? No, you can probably say it. Half. I'm, I'm half I'm an idiot. I'm a half idiot dude. You know, but I'm, you could say Idiot, I'm just making it up as I go. But why do you give a shit what anyone says about anything, bro? You gotta I'm just passionate about everything. Yeah. Even people's opinions. Yep. That's what I was, it's hard to be passionate about. It's everything. But then like turn it off for some things.


you know, two things You know about Jake, but maybe you had to be reminded and you'll be reminded again. He is a risk taker and a fighter. Whew. Yeah. You know. And, and, and, and, and I I've been saying this how you feel about the fight. Proud, ecstatic, entertained all, all the adjectives. But I love being reminded about who this fucking kid really is. You know, like round three when he does start getting hit a little bit. Yeah. And I start to get a little nervous, then I have to tune in and go, oh yeah, but he ain't a, he ain't been a bitch ever. Yeah. This is a tough, tough kid who wanted to be a Navy seal and kill people and protect his country before he became a YouTuber.


Fuck at 15 years old. What kid is willfully swimming across lakes for leisure riding to test his Bike riding on picnic tables Because he wants to fight for his country in murder people. But where is the disconnect between those two activities? Well, that's the duality. I wanna be a Navy seal Now watch me Rod his wife off his face. That's the Duality. That's the duality. It's like, bro, you remind me so much of your dog, Thor, who is just a little golden retriever, goofball, walks himself, walks around with his leash in his mouth, just helps himself do whatever he wants. But also He could turn up, he could turn up dude, He could fight like, fuck I Got two, two Dobermans on the beach.


Two V one bodied them Dead. Dead. They're both dead. Was No, no. He like was biting them and they whimpered and ran away. Oh, two V one. Wow. Thor's a fucking beast. But I, I'm really exactly like him. You are. You even have the same hair. And Then I just go fucking crazy. You can have the same Hair. Yeah. And it's falling out. I Got. That's called shedding. And this is called Balding. Yeah. I Got friends in Turkey. If you're interested, I'm gonna do it in la. God dang it, dude. Yeah. Use code my smart. You just go to Turkey if you don't have money. You know what? I'm not even, I'm not even upset about that. It's true. It's just a fact of the matter. Dude, you got, you got, you tagged him for a 5K.


No, no, no. He knows the story. Oh, you you got backend rip off that like a actual proper grip off that. That's respect. Yeah. Fucking And you saved a bunch of people's Head. Yeah. They're all so happy. They meet me. They're like Look at my hair. I'm like, great. Look that accent. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why they had that accent. Hey, can we talk about your prospect last night, dude? Yes, Please. What, what the hell happened? Dude, I ran into people backstage that were crying their eyes out tough. He recreated the Woodley. It was, it was tough, man. It was really tough. I I, I almost couldn't watch it in the locker room. It changed the whole energy of the locker room for like seven minutes. I just wanna say, I love you Ashton man. And you're an amazing person.


You're gonna come back and fight harder and you were beating the dude's ass. You just fell asleep. But it's the, it's the most dangerous sport in The world for a reason. And he, he learned a valuable lesson. Everyone learned a lesson. It reminded me, dude, like, you can't blink. You can't slow down. You can't keep your chin in the air. Someone could always be dangerous at, at any given moment. And I think they're gonna do the rematch and hopefully he can get his, get back and redeem himself because he Was, was, he was piecing him up. And I like, He won every second of every round. His Sister was so emo like after seeing It's Scary. Obviously. She scary. I mean, I mean, dude, that, that is one of the craziest knockouts I've ever seen in my life.


And it, it, it, it really just made me sad to see, and I know we were sitting right next to each other and I'm like, yo, this guy's warming up for his fight. And his prospect just got so unfortunately dropped. Yeah. I was, I was worried that was gonna fuck with you. I did too. I, and I and I and I needed Amanda Serrano to win. Yes. She gets energy back out because if she, if she, if she did it and then there was two down, I was like, Ugh, I know Jake, but this is, this will be there. This You'll be thinking about it a little bit. Yeah. It's kind of stink. And She did, she did. She brought the energy back up. She did. But that was definitely something difficult to deal with. And I, I guess I kind of thought to myself like, don don't know if we don don't know if we put this in there, but I said to myself like, I made a Navy Seal reference.


I was like, if a Navy Seal's in a firefight and his boy gets popped right there. You, you have to just keep going. It's what I said to, it's what I said to R Cams. I was like, yo, I know Jake's gonna think about that for a second. But that's Ashton's story now. And Jake's gotta focus on his story. Exactly. Life goes on. Like, I like and I could, and then I, and then I just, after the fight, then I could think about it more. Yep, yep. And, and be there for him. But Yep. Do We know how he's doing? Have We He's doing really good. I, I texted him. Are you sure? Because he, he's in good spirits. He posted a TA tweet that I read this well, tried to read this morning. I wanted to say no. Did you see it? I texted him and he said, love you bro. Like, I'm doing good. I'm gonna come back.


I don't, I'm not trying to dog on him. But he, it took him just a while to get up, dude. And like this, this, this tweet. It wasn't like full English. It, I'm like actually concerned for his health. Well, he Should get looked at. Yeah. There's no doubt. Well, what's what's, and he's so young. Getting Knocked out though helps is safer than like taking a beating like Mike Perry did though. Yeah, true. Because if you just take the two punches and go to the ground, then that's it. And your body's like protecting you. That's why the knockout response happens. No. So what's worse is if you keep getting back up and getting knocked down, getting back up, knocked down, getting back up. So I think he's gonna be Good.


Do you think that he could come back from that? Easy For Sure? for Sure? It just depends how, how someone deals with it. I was gonna say, I was gonna say, this is where you find out what the fuck you're made of, bro for Sure. Like are you a real fighter? Are you a real fighter? Can you take a shot or two to the chin and get back up and keep fighting? Yeah. That's 'cause that's what fighting fighting's about. I mean, anyone can throw hands Who has, who has a, a history with a, with a brutal KO that came back to be a, like a, a world champion type shit. Is there, there's gotta be instances of it. Gerald j Gerald Ford, Gerald McLennan. McLennan. No wait, Gerald Mc. There's gotta be somebody, some boxing purist. Some guy lost like four in a row, then came back in 1 26.


I wish. I wish Wade was. Wade was here right now. He would know. He would. How Long does Ashton have to not box? It's Like six Pro. Like a real fight or spar? Probably like two months, three months. That's it. Yeah. Will the commission let him like No, he'll be suspended for six months. Six months. Six Months. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You were on a flight, you landed, you see that someone tried to kill President Trump. Not to completely derail. No I don. That's our, that's what we do on the show. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just super curious about just your take on on the attempted assassination on, on former President Donald Trump. 'cause I know, I know you've been kind of vocal about politics and, and, and just policy in the United States freedom of speech or constitutional rights, all that stuff from time to time.


And I, I'm sure you, you have thoughts on it as, as do I. But I've never Said anything about, I mean, first and foremost, it's one of the craziest things I've ever seen and we probably will ever seen see in our lifetimes. I don't know. It's bizarre. Mom, mom called me. She's like, what's happening? I go, if this is what it looks like, this is one of the most significant moments in America history and we'll probably ever see in our lifetime in insane. And it was millimeters away from being for Sure the most meaningful moment in American history. Yeah. Mil millimeters. Like, yeah, I think there would've been a civil war. Something would've popped up. It would've hit him. But I think that's like the divine intervention for Sure.


I believe that God stepped in and, and saved him. It's funny, it's like we, we, we saw, we saw the action of God right in front of our eyes. It's, it's crazy what what that made people feel. And then for Donald Trump to react the way he did, by the way we just, we just spoke with this dude so insane. Three weeks ago we touched, spoke, And he just raises his hand in defiance of death. Yeah. Fight, Fight. I, I, I was enthrall mesmerized by this guy. It's quite literally what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. And I think that's also probably why God had this exact situation happen.


Because he saw the path we were going down with. And I'm not even gonna say like it's d Democrat, Republican, what doesn't matter. It's the people who are running the government now. The path that they were leading us to was and was gonna be catastrophic and terrible. And I think God really intervened. Like, we need this guy right now. Everyone needs to flip sides. We can't have a close election. We need a landslide unity. We need this guy to come back in and make America great again. Oh wow. Literally. That's great. You should, you should coin that trademark. And it, it's not about Democrat or Republican.


It's like who is the best person to do that? And I think Trump was the anti-hero and similar to me. It's like everyone wants to see me fail in boxing, see me come down, and then it just me makes me stronger. And same with, same with Trump. This situation completely made him invincible quite literally. And I think it made the other side realize who he truly is as a person and how much of a badass American hero Is. Well, Biden did just survive. Covid. I will throw that out there as a, as a comeback. Well, I mean I think Biden is is saying he's sick so that they could swap someone in.


Could be. No, he a hundred percent The time episode. By the time, by the time this episode comes out, probably someone, they're gonna not somebody might, but the only person that they could swap in that would have a reasonable choice. Who, who? Oh, what the fuck? Who, who do you think? Because I know Hillary, there's only one person legally though the rock legally. Dwayne Johnson. There's only one person they could, they could put in. And I I feel like that's Oprah, Thomas, Michelle Obama. Oh yeah. She's the only person that they could throw into. I mean, I mean it would definitely rally a massive part of the other side. I heard she's not interested though. I think she said that. Well, yeah, that, I mean, but they definitely have to swap someone in.


Hold On. Don't don don't. Please. I wanna stay focused on this thing for a second because we had Alex Jones on the show. I do not do Copi. I'm the conspiracy theory fighter. Like when the scientists say something, I'm like, oh, let's see what the data says. And let's deal with these facts and these facts and come to some senses of conclusion. Fuck the bias don don't care about right and left. Let's just look at the facts. The facts. The facts are what is shown to us as facts. This assassination attempt stinks. It reeks. Yeah. There is nothing about it. That makes sense. Yeah. If I am saying something really, really fishy went down, then, then I like, bro, this dude was on the roof in plain sight of the secret service of everybody in the audience with a gun, with a fucking rifle.


A rifle with the, with an shooting distance of the fucking former president about to be potentially be president again. But they, but she didn't wanna put secret service agents on the roof because it was sloped. That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard my life. Dude. Dude, dude, dude, that woman needs to be investigated and also fucking fired. She needs to resign. Yo pathetic, pathetic job doing, trying to protect the president. That even, even just the way they, they, they fumbled the bag. And by the way, the, there's a secret service that did end up protecting the president and escorting him the car and sacrificing their lives to protect this man. Like good job for you. But I think America is di disgusted by the gross incompetence that we witnessed.


don don't I Know if it was incompetence, there was a Michael, You female secret knew about the a fucking gun They knew about looking around was a plans panic In the face of adversity. I saw sheer panic. And that's not what I need to see from people who are supposed to be protecting a potential and former president of United States. You're thinking about the small picture. There was a planned breakdown here. There was a planned No, no, no, no. You're Thinking about just the end product. No, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm telling you what we, what we saw facts that we can't say are facts. No. Agreed. Now, now, now let's get into what the fuck Happened. Okay. So I spoke with, I spoke with a couple people that have some semblance of knowledge. Obviously we just sat with the president and we talked to people around him.


Supposedly they only gave him this like skeleton Yeah. Undertrained security team. When generally if he goes to an external speaking like that in an open fucking field in Pennsylvania, he gets an 80 person trained secret service entourage that comes with him. The people that were there in Pennsylvania with him, were not those people. Here's the question, at what point in the chain was the breakdown? I heard last night while talking to someone that those snipers were given stand down orders.


And When stand yo shooter on the roof, guy with gun gonna kill former president, don't take the shot. Don't That's what I heard. I'm not saying that that's a hundred percent true, but where was the breakdown? We, we gotta avoid the hearsay. Yeah, because and well, it's all gonna be hearsay. It's all gonna, that's The world We live in. Well that's why we need to, an investigation needs to be conducted. And by the way, the, I think the American population deserves to know the results and conclusions of the Well, who's gonna do the investigation? 'cause it's, it's so odd service. We never found out about the JFK Investig. Never. Exactly. And then the fact that it's happening again in real time, it's insane. And we have a chance to dissect it in 2024. All the video evidence, technology, all of this.


Who is this 20-year-old kid who is the 20-year-old kid with three encrypted overseas accounts, Loves porn. Yeah. He searched up porn. Porn who, who had like no super identifiable political affiliation. Maybe he signed up as a Republican, donated $15 to the Democratic, which might Have scam, which might have been, he might've been scammed. They said, but Who is the guy and how did he get this information that led him to perfectly be put on a roof with wreck access to kill our former president and like 15 minutes to aim. No, like an hour. He was just Kicking it up there. Chill up, up there watching porn also, Also He porn also. He was bro also You know what disgusted me.


I I've said this before, like, fuck his parents too. Fuck his parents. He got his dad's gun. They're apparently mental health counselors, both of 'em. And you don't see this, you don't see this developing in your crooked little twisted little child that Is it is. Are you, are you, are you, it's horrible parenting. He took his dad's gun. I believe that for any sort of school shooting or any sort of vi gun violence, where it it is, is a child and, and the parents are like still overseeing and have some sort of guardianship if the kid lives in their house of, of, of the perpetrator. I believe they need to be held Accountable. Sometimes they are. I I think they, I think they should for like pay attention to your child. There should be a crime if your child 100% takes a gun and it's not properly locked.


100% any of the dead guy sue the US Secret service for negligence. What'd you, what'd you say? Can the family, the guy who passed away, Sue, Sue the secret service for negligence? Potentially They should. Potentially. They absolute Should. Potentially. Absolutely. And, and and also co comparatory dude. Yeah. Yeah. Firefighter I. think he was just a firefighting chief. Like, just, just so sad. Died a hero. Everyone said he is. He's just the nicest guy. Protect shield using his body as a human shield, bro. It's fucking disgusting. I get enraged by this shit, Man. It's, and it's, and it even goes so much like deeper than this too. It's just like this whole, this whole political circus. Like, like imagine being in like France right now.


Well fuck. I look at some of these other countries and they don't have to, they're doing too good either. Situation going on. No one's doing good. But I just mean, alright, let's, everyone's in fucking, you're shambles because what is going on Everyone? What is going on? I'm telling you I attribute some of it, I attribute some, a lot, some to a lot of it to social media. Dude, I, social media ch broke everything. It just broke everything. Yeah. Because It, it gave, It gave everyone a voice and a clan and a and by the way, now you like echo Your opinions, you and these terrible, terrible ideas and then Monetize 'em and then it grows. Click bait 'em. Yeah. Headline 'em. Yo, if we make up this story and it goes Viral, I can make $22,000.


These people believe it. This guy gets a gun, tries to kill this guy. We hate Jews. We hate pals. Like, bro, it has gotten really, really nasty, nasty, nasty stuff. And it's not even just at the fault of like stupid people, bad people, whatever. It's just, we've fallen into this like cycle of just Black mirror. Why Joe Biden standing down. Justin, I, I knew happen. We fucking went on this episode Right now. From, from, all right now a letter from Joe Biden, literally a letter from predicted it and it happened. My, my fellow Americans. Yeah. He sent it to me just to prove, to proofread. I heard Sunday. Oh yeah. It Is it has been my, the greatest honor of my life to serve you as a president.


While it's been my intention to seek reelection, I believe it is in the best interest of my party in the country for me to stand down and focus solely on fulfilling my duties as president for the remainder of my term. Oh my gosh. Wow. Live on air, brother. Well, Goosebumps right times. Yeah. We're living through them. Oh my gosh. Instant reaction. Okay, here's, here's my answer's. Who are they gonna put in? Here's my more instant, instant reaction than that. That's, here's an even bigger question. You're not fit to run, to be president of the United States in November. Maybe you're not fit to be president today.


That's the question we need to be asking Through January. Dude, that's a long time. That's a long focus. There's a lot of decisions that need to be made between now and then, right? That's, that's the question. People should ask that. But that, but Yeah, but that's, there's nothing you could do about that Unfortunately. That's why I why I can't do anything. I'm just a guy who just ended up with you. Yeah. What we're just doing a show like I don Dunno what You know what's crazy is what the fake predicted all of this. Is That how you say his name to A T? Yeah. Viva Viva rhymes with cake. That's what he told you. Rhymes with Jake. Huh? Rhymes with Jake. That's that's crazy. That, that this just came in. They Gotta it's gotta be Michelle Obama or there's no one mate. She's not gonna do it, bro. It's hard. That's the thing. It's hard.


It's bringing the president seems like a very difficult job. And also, I know you said boxing's the most dangerous job in The world. It's the second most dangerous job in The world. Presidents have the highest death race, highest fatality rate and, and attempted Wait, wait, kill assassinations. Well, Who else do they assassinate these days? That's the only person that gets it. Of course They, you, there's probably hit men for hire on the deep web, dark web. But who else? But it's not like an occupation. They get killed because of their, because of what they do their job. Yeah, but who else is gonna get assassinated? Bro? Fuck bro. Fuck you. I just said it. Elon Musk. Okay, that's true. One late. They tried to, they tried to kill Elon Musk yo two assassination attempts. Wait, really? Yeah. Yeah. He said that after Trump. Yeah. Two assassination attempts in the past eight months.


What? Yeah. That's Not even that many. Look at Castro. Our government tries to kill more people than anybody. Elon Musk is like our government is savior The world. Of course. Oh yeah. El Castro Is Like over. They can't kill Elon. He's the he's the greatest mind like ever. He of our generation. Yes, a hundred percent. I don't think people understand. Actually, look what they did The greatest. There's a lot of contention. Look at what the they did to the greatest mind. No, there's two generations. Generations not At all. Why so much? There's so many people who would, who would be contentious? That they'll just say he's smart at building great SpaceX. He's preserved freedom of speech without, without GNU link. I'm not saying it. I'm saying Dar Saying it's a contentious statement.


Without X the boring system would be even more in shambles right now. Tesla, PayPal, open ai. What human has this profound of effect on humanity? Ever Impulsive Twitter. Freedom of speech. Nine. Originals. Prime. Levels. Levels, Levels. Levels. I'm kidding. Don't say I'm joking. No, you can can't, can't, can't kill Elon. But look at what they did with Nikola Tesla who like had all the secrets to the universe. Fucking what do you mean what they did to him? What they assassinate him and steal all this technology. Oh Yeah. That, that 1 30 38 trunks stolen. Okay. Can we go one layer deeper on the conspiracy thing? This one's just like, like interesting.


Why the frick was that kid in that BlackRock commercial? Bro, don't even gimme started Bro. Why Now I. Listen, I'm not saying You allegedly. No, because he actually was, It was him. Right? Why was he in that BlackRock commercial? And then I Got. People telling me last night, BlackRock was shortened stocks that would be affected by a Trump assassination before the Trump assassination. So you're telling me BlackRock had this kid in the commercial, then maybe they shorted some stocks and then they were like, Hey bro, you were in our commercial, wanna like kill the president for us? And he just went on the roof. And then the secret service was like, nah, we're chill bro. He could shoot the fucking president. I hope, I hope Trump does what he says he's gonna do if he gets reelected and does some sort of deep-rooted expose of the deep state and, and, and figures all of it out.


s why It appears like there's an organization working directly against the things he's trying to do. Help. No, dude, dude. But this is why it's scary and dangerous because now it's even more dangerous for him because they're gonna try to assassinate him time and time again. Right. This is the, not just the first attempt. Like it's going to be more and more and more. He has to be extra careful. He needs A clone. Fucking Careful. He needs a clone. Like Putin. Putin's got not a clone, but like a body double. They send different guys out. He's got, he's gonna have to do that. So they don't know like, which one's in Yeah, they have to take out the real one. That's fucking insane. You know that Putin's got like bunch of body doubles that he sends out in the Lives.


I really didn't know that. Yeah, it's crazy times, bro. It's crazy. Times We're living in, dude, Who the fuck are they gonna put in? We need to take a bet. My my bet. Their only chance. I'm I'm When you say their only chance, what do you mean by that? Like, only chance potentially Win a win for Democrats to win like the Democratic party. Who are they gonna put in to win? Jake? Jake? Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Yeah. No, it doesn't. It doesn't matter. Matter. I don. I don't, I'm just wondering like how they're thinking. I'm trying to get inside their shoes. The DNC is to your point, kind of in sham shambles right now. It's a, it's a very, I, I saw this chart the other day about the movement. I think Musk actually shared it about the movement towards the fringes by the two groups after some sort of collective research.


And when you see how far the left has moved to the fringe left and the right has remained somewhat moderate in their stances somewhat. The the left will not see any success until they start to come back to the middle a little bit. It's just, they're just too far gone. They don't represent the people of this country anymore. Right. So that's why You know Brother, you're gonna be an uncle in like two months. Do You know that? I was talking, I was talking to my little baby girl. She was at your fight last night, dude. That's so cool. Yeah. That is so crazy. Yeah. I don't know how I'm gonna feel. I need to find a time to fly out there. Maybe like, come comfort Thanksgiving or Christmas or both. No, you Gotta come before That.


I think I should just come right after the Tyson fight. Right after. Oh yeah. To meet her. Oh, No, you gotta meet her before That. Right? That's a long September time. How did the months go? October. What's after November? September. Till September, October. It'd be like six weeks till your fight. I've already calculated, But, but fatherhood is upon me. Brother and uncle ship is upon you, brother. I mean, I don't have to do shit. I really don't have to do shit either. I have to tell you, I said this before, pregnancy for the, the male is kind of dope and extremely unfair. Extremely unfair. 10 seconds of work. Greatest 10 seconds of my life. Chill for nine months. Poor, poor girl. She's over there.


Swelling now is the new thing. And by the way, she's made this pregnancy so easy for me. I've heard horror stories, right. Of like, yeah. She seems to just be taking it like a Champ, like a Champ. It's like a chant. And I just feel, I feel bad. She's, she's the swelling. Now. I. See it. She got cankles. She, she'd been a, she'd been a, a model her whole life. Just so like pretty skinny Now. She got KLEs Just for time being. Just For the time being. It'll go away. Yeah. You rub them for her And then you're just drinking, drinking by yourself on the baby moon. So much so that I, I've, I destroyed myself violently hung up. First time I threw up in a chopper. Tell you what, Sent us a video of it. I, I think I've thrown up in a chopper before.


Horrible. Maybe before the chopper. After the chopper. You and I both have a really like, adversely violent reaction to alcohol when we push it. And I actually think that will be the thing that deters us from becoming alcohol. Looks like the rest of our family. That's, you're globalizing that You know. No Global. You guys. I like that Overdrink to the point of throwing up. They call it binge drinking. Yeah. It's like, it's like if you don't do something for two months and then you just have to do it all in two days. Yeah, but You don't, You don't have to. You don't have to. You Don Have to, You don't not have to. Do you guys think that you wanna Throw up in helicopter?


It's kind of dope. I don't think you thought that at the time. I did. I totally did. We were flying over the beautiful vineyards of Italy. Oh, I saw you passed out on the seat. Oh, that was horrible. Yeah. Yeah. But it was kind of cool. I wouldn't do it again though. I'm done drinking. I'm never drinking again. Do I Don't Yeah. I've heard that so many times. Yeah. Do you think that July, 2024 would potentially could go down as the craziest month on record in the history of The world? A lot of unpredicted Like bro, like Trump got his ear blown off. Biden resigned. Fucking Sketch Plot twist, bro. What? Didn't see that coming brother, brother. What?


I did not expect that dude. Wild to see brother love Sketch, Bro. I, I've been spending a lot of time with Him. Love Sketch special plays. I mean, who, I mean who gives a shit? 20 Bucks. 20 bucks, Bro. Like, Oh. What else happened though, in July? I think that's it. Nah, Nah, no something else. Oh yeah. Oh, Alex Jones did predict the the shutdown. Yeah, but we have, dude, the thing I Got A I. Got a conspiracy there. Alex Jones ready for this. He's probably Got one on you brother. Ready for this. That wall's a wall. Ceiling's the ceiling. Floors the floor data out is plane crash. Famine. Drug addiction.


If you say 8 million things, something you're gonna hit on like five to six of seven of them, bro. So bro, it's a numbers game. It's a quantity Game. Monkeys are selling crack in Indonesia. There's a chair that's gonna turn into a wall later this afternoon. Like you say, as much shit as you can, w is the best smelling thing. But it's made of walrus teeth. Like you just say shit eventually a lot. And Ryan Garcia tried the same thing. There's gonna You know Boian Grail. He failed. There's gonna be an earthquake on June 6th. He said you were gonna lose. He's the only person I've ever seen with a 0% hit rate. No, He said, he said the earthquake in California, Bro. There was none. I was there. There was no fucking earthquake. There's earthquakes every day. Every Day. Only 1.2. That's like saying there's gonna be in the air today.


It's gonna air exactly like his, his hit rate is so bad, bro. Well, I know. What else is in July Birthday? Are you, Are you gonna be 61 6 1? Don't do that. No. You look, you look great. Yeah, you do look great. Baby. Thank. you Thank you I have a theory. You're gonna live forever. Wow. A conspiracy theory live forever. Yeah. don, don't dunno about that. Now, I. Feel like you're gonna hit one 10. Wow. Yeah. for Sure, you are gonna have great, great grandkids. Okay. At this point, what are you, what are you doing next? I'm, I'm going to Nashville.


When? When? Next week. I'm There all week. Oh, we already Talked about that. No, I'm there the whole week. No, don don't think so. Oh, we didn't wait. Someone else is going. Yeah. A whole bunch of people are going. Trump's gonna be there. Yeah. I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna link up with Trump and then the Bitcoin conference. Yeah. And then I'm linking up with whistling Diesel. Tell Trump $2 million for the hat he was wearing for the attempted assassination in my full endorsement. Not that he needs it, but that, that's my offer. That's your bid. My bid's 3 million. Then I'll do four. I'll do five, six. I Justin, I 10. Griffin just called. He's doing 60. He's doing 60 million. I, I legitimately would pay with the current money I have Now, I would, my max out would be like, I would pay probably 12 million for Let's go half these.


Half let's go half theses. Actually, tell him, tell him let's go half seas on it. Tell him I was, I was gonna find the original photographer and ask him for his SD card. It's a great idea Of the picture with the flag. It's a great idea. The sickest photo I ever taken, But a like don don't know. I just didn't, I was like, it's cool. But then I was like, nah, nah, it's a, it's a very good idea. Anyways, maybe cheekily slipped that in there. If you link up with him, Hey brother, can I'll give you 12 million that No, no, no, no, no. Just ask him. Ask him who has it and what he's doing, what he's doing with it. I doubt he would sell it. No chance. I already tried. You did try. I did try. Yeah. He talked to the team. Yeah.


They're not prepared to sell. It Is. That is a family heirloom. Why the fuck would he sell that to us? Yeah. Well, I put it in a nice case, a bulletproof one. Funny. He needs to be doing speeches and bulletproof casings from now on. I think. I think that should be kind of standard for presidents. Anyway, bro, let's hang out in Nashville. I've, I've never been there. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be great. I'll, I'll show you a great time's. He's fun to hang out with. I'm going there. I'm going to Utah. Then I'm going to your girlfriend, then I'm going to Paris. Then I'm going to check Republic. Then I'm going to New York. Then I'm going to Washington, DC Then I'm going to somewhere else. Would You be cool if I just come on the whole circuit?


You can come. I know. I was like, you should pull Up. Yeah, I'll be down. So Nashville this week. I end every episode that you come on. 'cause I know we're getting close here by just telling you how actually absolutely proud I am of you. Thank you man. Like you are, you have just proven so many people wrong. You've, you've, I, I remember doing episodes with you years ago and, and, and that lost man who was, or even kid at the time, who was, who was finding what he wanted do for the rest of his life and, and you found it. Your path is so clear. You're so focused and I'm, I'm so fucking proud of you bro. Thank you like honestly, everything that you're Doing, dude, likewise man. Triple though. Yeah. Family and the movement grows bigger and stronger and just happy to be here and doing what we love.


Congrats on the double digit winning record 10 and one Jake call ladies and gentlemen. Thank, you Thank you Thank you get w available at 4,500 plus Walmarts across the country. Smell delicious. Ladies and and gentlemen, Dude, I have so much to this Thank You for listening to this episode on Pulse. We love you. We'll see you next night. I Take it easy. I need to wash my coffee.