
Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly Roll and special guest Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Pre-sale for city card members begins Wednesday at noon@livenation.com.


Drake put $355,000 on you to lose the Drake Curse is real Is it true that you made a million dollars from this fight. You're telling me you didn't feel this slap at all. I didn't even feel a single thing. I'd really like you and KSI to stop hating each other, but I understand that can't happen without somebody getting knocked out. So can you just get it over with please? I'm ready. But I didn't know this about you, Jake. That I have a underbite, A severe underbite. Yeah. It's getting worse. Pl your teeth if I to show me your resting face. Are there UAPs? Yeah. Jake. This is another instance of our government lying to us. I. Got, A UFO video. Myself. I wanna be a world champion. That's my goal. Who are you fighting next? Joe Biden.


Literally, people are just really hating. What if some people just think it was not that entertaining of a fight? Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Welcome back to the set of impulsive, the number one podcast in The world. That's right. Yeah. Without, and we're here today without the fucking leech.


We're rid ourselves of all the mikes in our lives. Yeah. You've rid yourself of Mike Tyson. Yeah. I've rid myself of that freeloader. Mike Mela. Where the fuck is he? He, I don't even know. Why is he not here? Wasn't he at the fight? Yeah, he was at the fight. Oh, wow. Oh, you know what? He, he went to Atlanta. He's a dude. He's got like work, like he does like things other than this. That's lame. Lame. This is all he should do. I don. I think the other thing's probably paying him more. This show doesn't make that much money, dude. Well, it's funny because You know what's so shitty is like, we've been doing the mic.


Mike, my mic. It is shitty. Yeah. Oh, oh, keep going. Dude. I've been in the podcast space forever. Like I was, I was one of the first like influencers to start doing podcasts. 450 plus episodes deep. And I see everyone else getting these podcast deals. Some guy named Joe Rogan, some girl named Alex Cooper, a hundred million dollars here. They're like, they're throwing it out like candy. Everyone's getting deals except me. Why? Yeah, but, well, because Alex Cooper had Kamala Harris on, we had Trump on. Nah. Kamala Harris though. No, I don't. She's not a part of the picture anymore either. Jake, because of you. Actually, a lot of people say that you're the reason that Trump won the election.


They're saying I did. Yes. Who's saying that? Everybody. Because, because that video you made No way, that highly impactful political video dude, Thank you. Yeah. I I had a bunch of Democratic people tell me that they changed to Republican because of that video. Are you serious? Yeah. Are you dead ass serious? Yeah. That's, that's impactful. Jake, they just voted for, for Donnie. Donnie and Donny. I, I had a lot of liberal friends and, and, and primarily democratic people as well. Text me saying how like brave your video was and, and how much they liked it and respected it, even though may may not be their political position. Which I think is like the ultimate victory. If you can make a video that doesn't just turn people off because of your position, but actually makes them listen.


And you also took the position of, and which I think should always be like the underlying thing whenever you do anything political related is like You know. Like, this doesn't have to be divisive. Like can We can we ultimately end up actually uniting these states of America? We need to, and there's so much hate and division right now. That's the, that's the biggest problem. So I think it's good when people could have healthy conversations and respectfully disagree with each other, but still work and find some common ground and still know that we all want the same goal, which is an amazing America, I think. I think this Why did we united? We stand divided fall. We fall.


Nice. And also, well that's, I just want to go back to Mike Malac for a second. Okay. Okay. Mike, you're a bitch because you didn't eat my doghouse, my new doghouse wings. I think that's partially my fault. Jake. He and I, I promoted your 10 10 Smashburger. And also it is my fault Jake, why he invited me. He's like, do you wanna go do the dog house thing to go Jake's? I was like, yeah, bro, let's do it. And he was hounding me. He's like, let's go to doghouse. Like he double triple texted me even. Yeah. So this is your fault. Yeah, because I all, I have a message to Logan now.


Logan, you're a bitch. 'cause you didn't promote my doghouse. Incorrect. Incorrect. Oh, okay. At the the day party that you threw yesterday. Yeah. There was a doghouse food truck. Did you try it? Dude, it's fucking bomb. It's amazing, right? I I'm so critical sometimes to the point of being an asshole most times. Well, all the, all the time. 90 point 99, 9% of the time. And bro, I was like, I was, it's good 'cause now you're understanding that it's delicious. Jake Thank, you, your wing. The elga wing was bomb. It's amazing. I made the sauce myself. I'm very proud of that. Did you really like actually mix the ingredients in and then they Yeah.


The guy's like, yeah. Didn't you see Jake was in the kitchen? I go, yeah, bro, I know how social media works. No, no. I actually made it. Oh really? Like I actually made it. Oh good. But yeah, everyone needs to go try doghouse. It's really fucking fire. It is good. Good job for you. Thanks man. One of the most impressive things that you do is your ability to be an entrepreneur and build these businesses while you're promoting these larger than life spectacles. Like, bro, I see you promoting the Mike Tyson fight, getting impressions that no fight has ever gotten in history. In history, bro. And at the same time you're building w Yeah. You're promoting doghouse better. Like, it's just like, it's unprecedented, bro. Your bandwidth is absurd. I gotta take all the momentum and views and funnel them in to the businesses that can grow larger than me.


Yep. You know because I'm only one person. So, but that foresight is trying to scale. The foreskin is, yeah. The foreskin skin is crazy for skin's nutty. You I'm able to see things in the foresight. Yeah. You asked me before your fight, like, bro, like, you're like warming up. I also want to just let the viewers know that I'm completely brain dead. Yeah. And worthless right now. No, you're not worthless and and exhausted. Yeah. And so yeah, this, so yeah, I can't talk. Yeah. I'm not talking. You are and you're doing a good job. But it is gonna get a little nutty. Dude, you just fought ever and holyfield. Yeah. Like this one of the biggest fights ever. It's huge.


And and yeah. You've been celebrating so I'm tired from that. Yeah. We're both a little hungover. Which is fun. I haven't done a hungover podcast in like a while. I'm feeling pretty fucking goofy, bro. I can't wait to see all the cringe comments. Can you move the mic down a little bit? So. we can see your beautiful face and beard. Yo these fucking guys are the ones who hooked it up, bro. Tell them bro. Wait, I was saying something. I was saying something. Oh, before the fight. Oh yeah. You were, you were always fucking saying something. 'cause you're always fucking yapping, dude. I am. I'm such a talker. No, you're not funny. I think I talk too much. Too funny. No, I do bro. In like real life settings and stuff. I like, I talk too much. Well, what I realized is when I'm around you and dad, I like, can't ever get a word in.


And that's why I realized I'm more of a quiet person in life is 'cause you guys would always just, yeah, we're always just talking bro. I Got. That's so, I just grew up just being like, Before, Before your fight, bro, you're about to go walk out to fight Mike Tyson. You're like, Hey bro, can you grab the w and like spray me a couple times? I'm like, this motherfucker's like still promoting his business. I'm locked it bro. You're thinking about a thousand things at once. It's it's wildly impressive Thank. you man. I was, I was super focused. You remind me of Elon Musk. Like a, like a much like less successful, bigger headed. Yeah. More aggressive. Elon Musk. Yeah. That's, that's a really big compliment.


That's a, that's, I mean he's probably my biggest inspiration. He's so great. He's amazing. Cha He's literally saved The world multiple times now. Dude, I don't think he gets enough respect put on his name, man. Yeah, we should, should we glaze him? Let's glaze him open ai. He contributed to major advancements in ai, SpaceX, solar energy, Tesla star starlink starlink what we internet co commun free preserving travel. Freedom of speech freedom. Freedom of speech. That's crazy. That's crazy. Impressive individual. And you, you remind me of him. Should we try and pronounce his Oh, thanks man.


Thanks. Yeah. He actually, he actually Thank you. He demotivates me. Thank you. People like you, people like you and him demotivate me. 'cause you guys just, you just work too hard. Like he was, wouldn't that, shouldn't that motivate? No, no, no. You you get less motivated. Yeah. Like, fuck you guys like chill. We're just going too hard. Yeah. Why? For what? That's a good point. But why are you going so hard? Maybe I shouldn't. No, I will. Maybe I won't. I don't know. I wanna be a world champion boxer and so this is actually what it is, is that's my goal. And so I'm literally boxing like my whole life and that creates a ton of dead time where I'm literally just sitting there.


Yeah. And so I come up with all these ideas and make all these videos and the whole team is just like sitting there for months on end in a camp. And we're just like, well, we should do something, dude. I mean it worked. Let, let's talk about the Mike Tyson fight a little bit. But I Vander Holyfield, the Vander Holyfield fight, it was the perfect fight. Like the buildup, the lead up, the story, all of it was spectacular execution. 10 out of 10. I imagine partnering with Netflix was a massive help. Right. Have having their like creative minds and platform. 1000%. That was like the trifecta. Yeah. That made it all perfect.


Is their involvement. 'cause it wouldn't have been as big if, if it was just me and Mike on some pay-per-view platform. I've been saying one plus one plus one equals 10 in this scenario. Like one plus one. Well, yeah, one plus one plus one. It's more of like a, like an analogy. One plus one plus one to mean like that when guys partner up together, like the math, the math got exponentially greater than what it should have been. Right? Because you guys all amplified each other excellently, bro. Some of your videos that you've been posting on Instagram, 150 million views, 214 million views I saw on you and your girlfriend Utah. We're just walking. Just walking I. don dunno know why I Got so many views.


Dude, I even, and then I do something cool and then no one likes it. No, no, no. People like it. I'm even as your brother. Like, bro, my biggest flex right now is being Jake Paul's brother. And, and sometimes it's even being Jake Paul. You just rock. They just come up, bro. Jake congrats on beating Mike Tyson. I'm like, thanks buddy. You want a photo and maybe an autograph? Follow me on Instagram, dude. Like I've, I've signed a couple of Jake Paul autographs. That's funny. That's crazy. I have, I haven't, but if someone asked me for a Jake Paul autograph, you should have, you should do it. One time someone was like, yo, Jake Paul. I'm like, I'm Logan. They're like, who? I'm like, fuck no, I don't believe you. That didn't happen either.


I I it it, but it might've bro. Like some of these interactions, like when I don't get how people get us confused though. You are, you have so many tattoos, dude. And a, your head is huge. Yeah. And a and a really big beard. And my nose is crooked, but my face is getting more deformed from boxing and bigger Jake. You're teeth standing. My teeth. So this, this confuses me about you and, and I know you are a little shy about this, but I didn't know this about you Jake, that I have a underbite, a severe underbite. Yeah. It's getting worse. You like, because I can't, I can't do anything to fix my teeth because I'll just get hit and they'll move again.


You're like an English bulldog. Yeah. Like You know those English bulldogs? Like Jaco Jacob's. Like if I go outside I could collect rain, bro. Like the fact that wait isn't show me your like, like clench your teeth. If I were to show me your resting face that you have to actively pull your bottom jaw back. Well you don't even worry about all of that. No I don't worry about it. I just smile like this. It's good, it's good. But if I clenched it, it would be bad. Like it's a you have a good smile. No, not like this. Not like that. No. Don't do that. You ever has, have you ever been taking a, a picture with like a kid?


Like I saw you did the Make-A-Wish before the Tyson fight. Did you ever like, like smile at one of these kids and they're like, no, I, that's never happened. Yeah. I don't really, I'm not smiling with my teeth clenched because I know it's scary to people. I don't want to like, that's like a bulldog. Yeah. Yeah. I think the smack was probably the most iconic thing to come out of the fight. Yeah. That I'm very happy about that. I Got I Got. Some trading cards.


Did you get a trading card? I didn't get a trading card. You need to go to Tops and get a trading card there. There's a smack trading card. Yeah. I Got you something. I Got you a gift. Oh, it's a gift. Oh. No way from from me to you, dude. To signify that moment forever. Yo freaking. Yeah, dude, that's sick bro. The fact that that that's that's real is iconic. What's crazy is, I was gonna get this framed, but you beat me to it. Yeah. It's super low quality. Yeah. We're I'm probably gonna throw this away. Yeah. I wouldn't blame you. I'm I'm, yeah, it's it's poster board. It's weird. Like how did my eye get morphed? Like that, that's, that's high impact. Velocity traumatic You know. He bent my earring too.


Like 90 degrees. What do you mean the back of it? What do you mean really? Yeah. The back of it was bent. So you told me, you're telling me you didn't feel this slap at all. I didn't feel it. I I'm really not trying to like be tough or something. It, it didn't feel at all you trying to be a tough guy or something. I didn't, I didn't even feel a single thing. How? Not even like, oh my God, that hurt. Like my skin, like the impact. It was all beard. So like the skin didn't even hurt and then like, I. Don't know. I was just bro. But your head moved. I even thought, I even thought I saw you like wobble a little bit. Didn't wobble, didn't have any stars, didn't feel it. Nothing. Nothing. Do you think you and Mike Tyson will be go be, go back to being friends again?


Yeah, we will. for Sure, we already You know, kind of showed each other a bunch of love in the ring and we just have respect for each other. Bro. After he fought you, I too went up to him and I was like, I love you Uncle Mike. You're so great. Whatever. He's just standing there kind of like, not really present, just like looking around and I think he was tired. Yeah. He was probably pretty fucking tired. Yeah. I was proud of his performance dude. Yeah. Like he, I mean, for his age I'm pretty, I'm pretty impressive. He persevered. He totally did. And he fucking tried and fought. He did try fought. But yeah, dude, I had just made up with him as well. 'cause like after he slapped you, that's when I personally, I went from like, man, I think Jacob really hurt him to like fuck him.


He hit my brother. Yeah. People thought my comment was disrespectful. They were saying, this motherfucker so disrespectful. How dare he talk to Mike like that? What do you mean some guy? This dude just said he wanted to fight me. What'd I do? Yeah. Leave me out of it. Well, people are just really hating right now. Like there's, the haters are running wild. What do you, what are you, what are you saying to the feedback on the fight that you're getting? I'm not saying anything. Nothing. I don't need to say anything. you know, the people who understand the greatness of it and You know, have their own lives and are happy with themselves. They're gonna just show respect and show praise. It's the haters who are jealous and don't have anything going on in their sad and miserable lives.


And they wanna bring this, the whole event down and Mike down and me down and all of these things. What if it's not as deep as that for some people? What if some people just think it was not that entertaining of a fight? I mean, what, what, what do they want? They, they just want me to lose. That's the only way they thought would've thought it was entertaining. I think. I think there's a world where some people definitely wanted you to mic knock out Mike, knock out Tyson. Right. You know and I know. Yeah. But of course, and I people were disappointed as well. Fighting. This is the sport. It's like, okay. Yeah. Sometimes there's gonna be NFL games where they score You know 10 points each.


Yeah. And then it's fucking boring. Like, what do you want? Like that what happened, happened. All possibilities are there when you go into a fight. So, but they're saying Mike tricked them. And then if I would've knocked Mike out, then they still would've hated and been like, Jake's a fucking asshole. Like they're literally just finding a reason to hate on any part of it. So I don't, it's not just as simple as like, oh, I didn't like that. And they got like sick ass undercard fights the walkouts. Every, the whole thing was entertaining. That's true. That's true. But there was a fucking pigeon. There was a pigeon. Richard was there. Some people were disappointed in Mike's performance. They thought Mike would give more. 'cause you see these videos of him going crazy hard on those pads, doing that shit.


Yep. And people are like, oh, it's rigged because look at him on the pads. But he didn't do this in the fight because someone is fucking punching back. You dumb fucks like, people don't realize my power. That is true. And my jab and my speed and my ability and my footwork to get out of the way of those punches. So then all of a sudden he's throwing at literally air. He can't land those punches on me. Was he hard to hit? He was, he was hard to hit. He was elusive. I was missing. I can't believe he can move like that. A lot of punches, I don't know how he gets off to the side like that. You know what's impressive is after he gets off to the side and then he'll come up and Perry a little bit. Yeah. Like, like he's still like tuned in with his defense. His def his defense was impregnable impetu with That's good.


Yeah. We should do more impressions. Do you? Okay. I, okay. What? Let, let's, let's do a couple impressions. Can you do who, who have I been doing lately? I'm getting, I'm getting the head shakes though. Do it, do it. Do it. Get canceled. Get canceled. Who have you been impressed? Who? Trump. Trump. Huge. Huge dude. Donald Trump likes us I. think he likes the Paul Bros. Yeah, I think so too. Because we're fucking true Americans. I bet. I bet we both have.


We're living the American dream. Yeah, we totally are. I feel like we're living the modern day American dream. We're the epitome of America. Modern America. Fucked up family. Yeah. Grew up in a, in a, in a You know a nice neighborhood. But parents, slight brain damage from sports trauma back at the crib. Guns, cell phone, firewood, ax, axes, trucks, cars. Yeah. And self-defense, boxing. Yep. Everyone wants to wrestling. Tights. Spandex. Yep. And would you ever consider coming to the wwe? EI would love to, but I would want to be your like Paul Hayman.


Yeah. I would want to be like your Paul Hayman. Hell yeah. I I wouldn't wanna like wrestle as much. Like I could do some shit. Yeah. But I would want to be like your sidekick business man or some shit. Well, bro, I'm gonna go for it. Like I'm gonna go for it. And perhaps if you retire, you become world champion, then you retire and I'm still wrestling. You could be like my, my manager who also Right. Why can't I do it now? Right. Hand Now I. Guess you could do it. Now. I just can, it's just time consuming. Yeah, that's true. You know. Okay, wait. So, but yeah, let's do it. You're gonna become WWE e champion. I think so too. I mean, bro, the ultimate goal would be for me to become WWE e champion For you to become boxing champion And then for your girlfriend, Utah to win Olympic gold.


Yeah. And we just have all the belts. That's insane. In The world. That's crazy. And then, and then we will just, we should just retire after that. So look, are you, are you ha are you happy with your performance in the fight? Are you, are you happy with the way the night went down? I wish he would've Yeah. Like put up a better fight so than I could have like risen more and done more. And like, he was surviving. He was so, so annoying. That was, that was the only thing I didn't like. So, so annoying when they don't bring the fight to you. Yeah.


But he got you with a couple punches. How did they feel? Nothing. Didn't feel a thing to be honest. But you cap. I I I'm literally being honest, bro. Nothing. Nothing bro. Your head is so big. It didn't hurt. Like I don't, he didn't really land anything. No. 'cause your head is, I'm just telling you. Even the, he landed just take impact like crazy landed. Even the one he landed, I saw it coming and I went like this. I mean like, sh your beard throws people off. I don't think they know where your chin is. I don't even know where your chin is. You don't. I, and I've known you for like, your whole life and I forgot where it is in there. It's, you can't tell. Try and guess where it's at. I can't, I don't even, I couldn't even begin. I can't tell if it's like shallow, a shallow chin or like, I i Is your chin, like, are you crimson chin?


My chin is right here. Ear. That's what I'm saying. I don't, it's right there. I don't know. I also don't know how you got that beer, bro. Like I, the Jake Paul. I know Jake is the one dancing to the Carly Ray Jepsen Paul maybe song. Oh, I need to post that. Like the, like it the meme that went viral. That this is the guy that's fighting Mike Tyson. And it's like a 16-year-old. You like dancing in your room. I remember when you were recording that. Like, I remember when you made that video and I was like, oh, he's just so goofy. My goofy little brother. We're gonna post. No, but what people don't realize about that video is that the punchline is that like, someone walks in and like catches me dancing. Oh. And then I like that's what's funny about it. Yeah. Like the whole, it was a skit. It wasn't just me dancing.


The thing was, it was a skit. What the fuck kind of world are we living in, bro? They just clip it out, bro. Dude, I'm telling you shit is getting fucking weird. Like, how is that kid fighting? Mike Tyson also, how is, how are the people that are gonna be running the country just like the most random hodgepodge of experts in their own field? It's never been done be like, I just, the the state of The, world UAPs man. Like, what the fuck is happening? I don't know what's happening, but it feels good. It feels like America's back. And that's the way it should be. It shouldn't be politicians in these roles. It should be people who are actually qualified. I think experts. I think, I think America is going to be fed up with the typical idea of politician, smile, kiss babies.


Say what they want you to say. Like authenticity. I believe moving forward with presidential races will be super fucking important. The Trump winning taught me a very important thing. Future presidential elect and candidates will not be able to ignore the podcast in social media circuit. Yeah. They, they need to show The world like who they truly are for hours at a time. They have for hours at a time. People want to, people want to know who you are and believe in you. And, and bro, like I'm telling you from, from my experience, like we wanted to, we invited Joe Biden on and then they switched to Kamala for the Democratic candidate. And we invited her on a lot.


We gave her final cut. Like, you can cut what you want from the podcast. We, we, we, we think our viewers would, would love to hear what you wanna say. We'll have a good conversation. Like it, it wasn't a gotcha podcast and she just wouldn't come on. And like, personally I remember being like, but You know what she did do. She did call her daddy and she had Meg thee stallion shake her ass on stage. Which, which is, that's that's, that's good. That's a good political move. I think. I think republicans have done some equally like odd shit. Like I remember watching the Republic National Convention and at at one point I was like, what the, what the hell is going on here?


And Now I get the same feeling when I watch the Democratic National Co. I'm like, what? Like what? Like why Meg Thee stallion? Why, why this like random like music group? Because that's what people wanna vote for. It gets culty, I feel on both sides. For me it gets culty. I agree. But I think we're a, I think, I think I think we're in a good spot now. And I'm excited to see how these people run the country. And I do think utilizing Elon Musk's brain to figure some of this shit out and essentially make the government more efficient is a really good thing. DOGE DOGE, I shout genius. Shout out the Vive your, your buddy Vivek is, is him and Elon are figuring out the department of DOGE of government efficiency.


They're gonna crush it. They're just gonna do what? Elon Twitter. Right? Everybody just fire everyone. And Trump's gonna go, you're fired, dude. They they should make a video of everyone get it. Literally, literally. That would go crazy. I Well dude, that's what I'm saying. Trump's social media team and strategists are fucking brilliant. Did you see him tweeting? Did you see his, his tweet process? Yeah. Yeah. He he has like, he's just talking and people, bro, that shit's not normal. Yeah. That's like for a, for a presidential candidate. For a politician to be that like authentic, that like his tweets are actually coming from him. Yeah. And his team has a streamlined system in order to make his voice into the tweet without him actually having to do this, I need to start doing this.


Someone next to you just jotting down your thoughts and tweeting them out like this. It's a fa it's a fascinating process. And, and and, and I don't know how he does it at so old dude. Like how does he have so much energy? Bro, I have no energy and I'm fucking 17. Yeah, me too. I don't have any energy left. I have a question. Okay. What there's, are there UAPs? Yeah. Jake. Yeah. Jake. Oh no. And I'm, I'm, I'm getting involved, brother. Oh no. Oh no. It is right dude. Oh no, it is right. Because this is another instance of our government lying to us that's freaking object objectively lying to us.


And the bigger concern is, as I said in my tweet, we are not at the top of the food chain brother. We are just not at the top of the food chain. UAP unidentified aerial phenomena, formerly known as UFOs. Why they changed the name. I don't know, probably to make it sound a little less like hocus pocus. But, and I, and I, and I try to stay away from the, the hocus pocus of it all. And, and I'm, and I'm super fucking skeptical. I don't believe anyone. But like I, I try to just stick with the stuff that we do know. And here's what we know. For the past fucking 70 years, the government has known about these unidentified aerial phenomena that can do flight maneuvers that are seemingly impossible.


These 3000 Gs, I heard 3000 Gs brother. Do You know how fucking fast that is? Yeah. Do they live in the ocean? I think so. I think so. It makes the most sense. Think about it. 70% of the earth is covered in water and we've only explored 5% of the ocean. We've explored more of space than we have of our own ocean on this planet. And these crafts that are reported are, are, are capable of transmedium travel so they can go from the air to the water seamlessly. Why would they not? If they can do that? Hide in the ocean. So they're really fish, they're fish aliens. I bet they, I bet they're down there with the fish for Sure. Well, if they're down there with the fish, then they're fish.


Yeah. I guess you're right. I guess you're, I guess you're right because I mean, I'm up here with the humans and that makes me a human. Yeah. So they're fish flyers, dude, I'm just, they're flying fish. Yeah. Oh my God. Essentially. You figured it out, dude. They need to put me on that team. I'm sure they'd love to have you. That that's the other thing, bro. A lot of people in this UAP world are actually fucking goofballs.


There's a Post Malone presents the big ass stadium tour with Jelly roll and special guest Sierra Ferrell in select cities. Pre-sale for city card members begins Wednesday at noon@livenation.com.


Few legitimate ones. And I try to like gravitate towards them because like, you know, there's a lot of people that are just kind of crazy that wanna believe in this thing. I am interested in it because like, as a person who's very curious, I'm just not okay with the idea of like, the fact that these things can defy physics. Like Jake, they defy physics. Yeah. The, the speed that they travel. You said 3000 Gs, some of these crafts have been, have been marked traveling at 3000 Gs a human can withstand nine Gs. Yeah. Without, or with prop. Maybe suffering. Temporary, maybe permanent damage. Sometimes fatal. A human craft, a space or a plane.


The strongest one, I think can withstand like 19 Gs before like the metal and like the structure literally like decomposes in the air. Dude, 3000 GS You know how fucking fast that Is. It makes no sense. It makes no, and they're here and all different shapes and sizes spotted over X, Y, z like, and, and, and the disclosure in Congress and the hearings that they're having, we're learning more and more. And it is just such a fascinating thing. 'cause like you, you thought you knew what this reality was. What does it say about the origin of the universe? Where did these things come from? What do they know? How long have they been here? Could they answer questions about God? Are they God? Some people think they're spiritual ENT entities.


The the U United States government reportedly has biologics of, of aliens recovered. My guess is from Roswell. It's not faux pseudoscience after all. Anyways, that's a, that's a topic for another day, Jake. But things are getting serious and I'm getting involved. How are you gonna get involved? Most notably right now there's a UAP fund. Oh wow. That is like vowing to fund and protect whistleblowers who come forward from being like sued or tried to be like bullied by the United States government. Because right now there's people inside of these programs that are trying to reverse engineer the crafts.


Or, or, or, or have seen or heard things or spoke with witnesses or, or even like, have video footage themselves who are in the community staying silent because either they're committed to their project, which is cool, but I think they have a bigger commitment to the United States people. Yeah. And, and, and I think more people are gonna realize that and come forward with really important information. But they're also likely going against the government branch that they vowed to stay secret to. And, and, and, and that's a big commitment in itself. And, and could come with a lot of consequences. You're gonna help fund, I'm gonna, I'm gonna help fund, fund some of the whistleblowers legal fees and, and stuff. But it's, it's a fund. So like anyone can contribute if they want to.


Like I'll contribute. I think you should, bro. Like what? Like this is, this is the, like this is the future. Like imagine imagine if these things like You know how the fucking pyramids were built. Imagine if they were around, imagine if they helped build the pyramids. They probably did. I don't know. It's, it's, that's the hocus pocus shit. But it's just fascinating. And I'm, and I, and, and, and dude I Got A UFO video myself. And so like, I've been, I've been invested. I I went on a little UFO expedition and I'm wondering like, do I release it? Do I not? And I ultimately haven't, haven't because it's compelling, not convincing. But the interesting thing about it is, and what I'm noticing, some of these air, some of these saucers and crafts that they're describing appear more than once.


Like, that looks like the same as that. And that looks like the same as that. And there's gotta be like a connection. Like I heard somewhere there's like five civilizations of extraterrestrials on the planet and Yeah. Potentially like warring factions and Yeah, there's gotta be a different groups and gangs for Sure. Don't wood don't, they're they're clip up like the bloods and gripps. God damn right brother. It's, it's for Sure. And they're talking about all the Gs and stuff like that. So all the fucking, they're hella Gs and they're just hella ganged up and shit like that. And they have different whips. You know, like they can't all just have a Bentley. Yeah. Need a Rolls Royce too. a hundred percent.


And like fish. Oh yeah. And they're fish. So I would say something fishy is going on. Have you heard of the dark forest theory? No. But I'm sure you like talking about forest. Nevermind Drake put $355,000 on you to lose the Drake Curse is real.


Why would he do that? Jake? He's like, he's tight with us. I don't know. And he was DM-ing me too. What's his deal during the week? you know, why, why Drake and you were playing Drake Be before, before you, you went out. That's fucked up. But I think that everybody just wants him to win. You know, wanted Mike to win. But dude, people really don't like us. Jake people really wanna see you get knocked out. Yeah. What did I ever do to anyone? Well, you climbed on top of the KTLA news van that hilarious. You wasted the government's money. How? Because the FBI had to raid your house.


That they wasted their own money. They wasted their own money. Believe. Like why would they do that? I didn't. And then like, nothing ever came from, they didn't even know what they were doing there. I still don't even know what they were doing there, bro. Bro. They thought he was a terrorist or some shit. And they took 60 terabytes of fucking Jake Paul vlog footage. So there's a team of people at the FBI who had to watch all my vlogs, my voice. The outtakes. The outtakes, the outtakes. Oh my God, my voice is stuck in their head for every Oh my God. Nah bro. When I found that out, I was like, dog Doug, this is fucking pathetic. This, this is where taxpayer dollars are going towards this is, this is why DOGE, Elon and Vive are gonna fix these problems.


Wait, wait, I'm sorry. You're gonna raid a YouTuber's house because because you What do you think he conspire to to for? They thought I had, they thought I had bombs. I mean, you got bombs in your right hand. Yeah. But why would a YouTuber just have fucking bombs, bro? Insane. Insane. But yeah. What else have I done? I don't think I've done anything. That's what I don't get. You said that New York was washed up like Mike Tyson. Yeah. I'm just telling the truth. People don't like the truth. No, people don't like the truth. Jake it's scary for them because they don't even seek truth in their own lives. But it's so hard because like how, like how do I find out what the truth is? Like how do I know what the truth is?


Actually, meditation and getting closer to God. That's the most bullshit answer I've ever heard. How do, how do I, how does that tell me what the truth is? Like if I see a, a headline on Twitter, I am like, well I'm gonna meditate to find out if it's true. Oh, I thought you were talking about like within yourself. You're talking about Yeah, you're talking about like reading shit online. Yeah. Like Is it a man or a woman like I don't know. Like what does XY chromosomes mean? Like I don't know. Can someone tell me, please tell me. I don't know what, what, how, what makes a boy penis? Help me. Elon. Yeah, you could, you could chat. GPT it.


That seems to be pretty helpful. Hello? I can't breathe. Hello? What makes me a male? Hey, biologically speaking, being male typically means having XY chromosomes which influence the development of male physical characteristics. But gender identity is more complex and can involve a mix of biological, social and personal factors. Is there anything specific you are curious about? No, we're never gonna know shit dog. And I think it's getting worse. Like there's two ways to look at this.


Are we in the post-truth era or the truth era? And if we are like where do I go? I think people are seeking the truth more than ever. Fair. Because there's so much misinformation and lies out there. Fair. And I think we're making steps in the right direction towards figuring out how to get the truth to prevail and to be out there more things like community notes, which still kind of isn't good, but I think one day it will be, I'm nervous for what to sit here. Why?


Because I need, I have to blow my nose. Can we get him a tissue or something? Sure. We can handle that. Okay. Because I'm starting to not be able to talk 'cause it's clogged up. Who are you fighting next? Everybody. Me. I'm, I'm, yeah. I'll fight you. You would fight me. Why not? You're fucking tiny big. I'm taller than you. You're still tiny. That doesn't even make any sense. You're just a tiny little guy, bro. J just, you're Just a tiny whittle pickle. You are such a tiny widow pickle. You little wiggle a whittle pickle. Oh, you were so cute.


You two or three years ago you were cute. Widow pickle. Well you got inflated. Like somebody inflated you. Doesn't make me tiny. I just didn't get inflated. Okay. My tiny widow qua. It would go crazy. My Tiny little Pomeranian buddy. He's so tiny. Th Me me and you fire. I'll go crazy bro. Yeah, we'll go crazy. Well, yeah, it would just be good because like, I would be down 'cause I wouldn't have to be the one to like, 'cause it would suck to be the one that has to deal with You know losing. But I, I wouldn't be the one that would've to deal with. I have the opposite perspective. I feel like ruining my little brother's boxing career would be so bad.


And, and mean. Like, I would get, people would be like, you're such a bad older brother. Like they already say, but now you ruined his career as well. Yeah. But you're just a widow pickle. You're just a tiny, I'm not, you're like a tiny little like speck of dust. Tiny little. What? I'm a I'm a fucking big speck of dust. You're just like a Hmm. How would I describe you? Just a fluff. A a ball of fluff. Do do you, do you really think you could beat me? Yeah. You're, you're like, you're like the seven days, you're, you're weak Seven days. What?


You're weak. Just in general. I'm so strong. I'm very strong. I I I know You're, you're really strong. I'm not saying I'm not, I mean like boxing, who knows? But in a fight I think I could, I think I could come away with it. I was practicing my roasting skills. Like Dax flame. That guy's so good at roasting. Yeah, he is. I I could roast you. Go. You're, you're just a ball of fluff, bro. You're roasting is fucking trash. I also am concerned in general about you at first this podcast. You're like, I'm brain dead. I was like, huh, Now.


I actually kind of like think you are. I literally said that earlier. I know. But I thought it was a joke. I'm I now I'm like, I think you should go to a hospital. Yeah. I think, I think I'm gonna go do that. I'm just exhausted, bro. How did you make it? Haven't slept. How did you make it like tell The world, like how someone like you made it. That's what I try to tell 'em. I try to tell 'em I'm just a giant fuckhead. Like if I could do it, so can they. That's just so crazy. That's so crazy. But yeah, you people under underestimate me.


Why? Because I go on podcasts and act like this. That is so true. That is so true. So what happens then? And because I have a underbite. Well, now that they know that, what happens then you flip that switch to turn into a killer. Like, 'cause you, you do sometimes. We've seen it. We saw what you did to Mike Perry. And we won't forget. We saw what you did to Ben Asert. I like pain. I just turned into a pain machine. No you don't. 'cause you let Mike live. No, I'm actually not even violent. You weren't about it. You weren't about it. I'm actually not even violent.


I actually want peace in the Middle East and peace in general. Yeah. And just, I'm I'm really a hippie actually. You totally are, dude. Yeah, you totally are. Like the ayahuasca, the meditation. You do breath work and stuff. Yeah. I probably, if I wasn't boxing, I'd probably just live in a van too. I might, I might go do that. Actually. Thank God you found boxing, bro. I swear to God you'd be, you'd be homeless shooting heroin and your, your needle in your toes. No, I would be in a van in with heroin? Yeah, but not homeless. Oh, true. You and Mike would be hanging out in the van.


Yeah. Your roast earlier wasn't good, bro. Okay, I, let me try again. Let You, your nose looks like Squidward. Oh, You kind of do. Look, where's your girlfriend? You kind of do look like Squidward. Where's your girlfriend? He does look like Squidward Now. I. Hold on. Lemme do that little side by side. It's gonna take forever. No, I'm just, this is the worst podcast ever bro. Well, we, well basically what we said we were gonna do is, oh my God. Handsome squidward is what you look like. Nah, not at all. You look like handsome Squidward. No, I don't. No I don't. Yeah you do.


No I don't. Yo yo. Caleb, you're editing this? Yeah. Put it side by side. Okay. Wait. Okay. I'll roast you more. What are those? Oh, it's not you. It's not looking good for you. It's not looking good for you. Dude, this is crazy. I don't know how There's nothing to roast you about you, bro. There are so many things to roast me about.


You did earlier made that forest joke. Yeah, but that, that's like not even roasting you. It's just funny. It is totally just roasting me. You roasted me. I'm your brother. Okay. I'm your brother. Let me see. How come you don't have eyebrows? I know, bro. I know. I don't know. I don't know. It's 'cause I'm blonde. I'm blo, I'm blonde. Yeah, but I think you used to have eyebrows. No, I think they taper off in the middle right here. The you only have eyebrow. That was good. That was actually really good. Did you see John Jones turn around and kick Steve aic in the ribs?


Yeah. That was crazy. Nice. I Got right in the ribs. Nice kick. I saw, I looked like it hurt. John Jones is probably the greatest fighter of all time. He's probably the baddest man on the planet. Do you think he has a little homeland vibes? Jake John Jones? Yeah. No. Like you, you don't think so? I see memes about him actually being homeland, like all smiles and like, politically correct. And then behind the scenes he's just fucking savage. He's a, he's a killer. He's a killer bro. Like, I mean he's like, You know a guy last night in his speech. He's like, man, I just want to, why Everyone's all excited. I just want to take a moment to thank Jesus Christ. I was like, yeah, John.


Yeah. No, I feel, I feel like he'll got that guy. I know he got that. I FaceTimed with him the other week. Yeah, he's fantastic. He's so jolly. He's always been so good to us. Yeah, I think he's, I'm just, I'm, I'm asking questions 'cause I've seen the commentary online. They're saying this guy's like, this guy's actually kind of a little loose on like, I've seen him get arrested and say he was banging his head and shit. Like, it gets, it gets pretty rowdy. Did you see a video of John Jones saying someone asked him if he could take both of us at the same time? Yeah. He said no. He said no, I couldn't believe it. Which it's definitely true. You think so? for Sure, He gave a really realistic answer, which I I think like, probably shocked people.


I certainly thought he'd be like, like everyone, like every other fighter on earth would've said no. I, I could take them. But John, since he doesn't have anything to prove, we actually had that printed out this morning and it wasn't cheap. It wasn't cheap. Sorry. And so that's your gift. I'm a battering ram. Oh yeah. The other things to talk about. There's so much. How are you gonna celebrate, dude? How are you gonna celebrate? Like what do you do? Now I Don't know. I I'm like a plastic bag drifting through the wind.


You keep saying that. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Really? I'm, I There's nothing to do. Why don't you come for Thanksgiving? We'll play football. Yeah, we could do that. I'm down. Well, yeah, I'm coming. I'm going to annual Turkey ball. I'm going to New York a couple of times. Thanksgiving, Christmas. Okay. And probably just gonna sit around and just try to not do anything. Well, let's do a New York City Central Park. Flag football. Flag Football on, on. No, we, it's, it is our annual Turkey bowl. We take it very serious. Actually, this is the first ever, but we've literally never done that. Turkey bowls are so fun.


Yeah. But I'm gonna probably maybe go to St. Barts for New Year's, for a couple of days. Ever new? No, no, no. Just like, maybe next week. Whatcha doing for New Year's? I'm gonna be with Utah. Where? In the Netherlands. That's nice. She has races and it's her birthday's racist? No, she has races. Oh. Oh. And Thor is the best dog in The world. Yeah, he is. He, I just wanted everyone to know that. He is, he's getting older though. Jake, you can tell because he well Thor you. We all are. But that's what, that's literally what happens. Yeah.


I guess that's like saying like, the sun's coming up tomorrow. Yeah. Hypothetically. Do you ever worry about like going, like when you wake up and get dressed? All the time. Okay. All the time. I hate it. Yeah. It looks like it. I, yeah, bro. I don't what I, I was told what to wear as I always am. So if anyone has a mean comment, what do mean, bro? I, someone tells me what to wear. I. Got. I have a PS just, this is wild. This is crazy shit. What about this outfit's crazy. It's insane. Why? It's part you're wearing navy blue with whatever those things are.


Dad pants and then black shoes or I'm a dad. Yeah, but this is wild. I'm a dad. This is wild, bro. We're getting old as as fuck. You're gonna be 30 and I'm gonna be 28. And I have a child. You have a niece. That's fucked, bro. What'd you think of her? She, she wished you good luck for your fight. She's beautiful. She's pretty right. She's amazing. I love her. She's great. Right? She melts my heart. Yeah. It's, it's surreal. Like, I, I still doesn't make any sense. It's crazy, dude. It doesn't seem real. It feels like a fever dream when I see that you have a baby. It's so weird. That little girl, she's so pretty bro. Her like eyelashes and her temperament and now she's smiling.


You can get a smile out of her. You say, man, hey, shit to smile about. What'd you say? Hmm? What'd you say? I just said there's not shit to smile about. Not for her man. Yeah. Like I. Don't know why the fuck she's smiling. Because I'm smiling at her and she likes it there. That's not funny. Imagine if, imagine if you were my daughter who would, who You know, by the way, has the same brain capacity as you right now. And, and you just woke up from a nap. And I come in and I go hi as me. Yeah. I smile like this. Yeah. Don't just, yeah. So I can't believe you found an ounce of success in your life, bro.


Bro. This is how you find, this is how you find success. How bro, you literally just be fun. Yeah, that's true. I'm a ball of fun. That is true. You are fun. You are fun. I'm a ball of fun. What do you say to people who say, who are you fighting next? Who are you fighting next fight? KSI I'm fighting. I'm fighting. I'm Joe Biden. Any senior citizen, Doug. If, if I were you, I'm anybody with anybody that have to have dementia or Parkinson's and they have to, they have to have the wheelchair thing.


The wheelchair thing in their, or the handicap parking thing. Okay. If they don't have that, I, they can't fight 'em. There's a senior citizens' home down the street. We could legit go beat the fuck out of all of them. Make so much money. The Paul, bro. That's crazy. The Paul Brothers R Wait, wait, ravaged Dallas Retirement Center. Retirement Center. Okay. Wait. So fucking broken bones. They didn't even know it's coming because they all have dementia at the produce.


Wait, so then does that, does that mean you won? You won't, won't fight KSI 'cause he is too young. KSI is old. He's like 34 or something. I think he iss like 32, maybe 30. That's old. 31, 32. That's old. He fits. He fits. He and he is and he is retired. So there's a chance he's a retired boxer. Like he doesn't actually box. So it fits my It's the weight problem, right? That the age old weight problem. Like, can we just figure this out once and for all because, bro, I have a grand vision. Like I want, I, I'd really like you and KSI to stop hating each other. Please. But I understand that can't happen without somebody getting fucking knocked out or some shit.


So can you just get it over with please? I'm ready. No, you're not. Look, no, you're not. Neither is he. I'm literally ready. He's too light. You're too heavy, bro. Like, he, like, it's, you gotta like, someone's gotta like should we flip a coin? Flip a coin for the weight class? I would lowkey be down for that. You would. That that's, that's actually big if you guys went on live and the coin, I feel like it's, I feel like it's a fair compromise. It totally Is it totally is. If he's down for that, that might be the solution to all this shit. And both of your managements who have egos need to stop blocking the deal because they don't like each other. Your your management should not be getting in the way of you two putting out a big event.


And it's, it's, it's the name of the game, right? Yeah. What are you doing, bro? You don't give a fuck. No, I do. What do you mean? No? No. What do you mean? I don't either. I don't either. So it's fine. Bro. We knew this going into this episode that we're both brain dead. Yeah. But this, it's turning out great. This episode is fucking great. It's probably one of the best. I'm being serious, dude. I'm gonna find out what the UAPs are. I'm going to, that's on God. We should talk about Richard, the parrot pigeon. So what happened? What happened? You went to go give Mike Tyson a pigeon and he basically said, your pigeon is shit.


Yeah. And he gave it back. Yeah.


But the thing is, my team at better fuck me. Hey, can we get Richard in here? Do download better, by the way, 2000 x money. But my team at Better Fucked Me because for 2000 extra money, what if you sign up? You, you set like a lineup, a eight pick lineup. And then, but you have to hit it, right? Yeah. Oh, I thought you just hit it. But people hit it all the time. I thought you were just doing 2000 x but people hit it all the time. You could set 'em over here next to me, next to Papa. Wow. Papa. Okay. So the team, he calls me Papa. Papa. The team fucked you. What do you mean? So basically, oh, he's a, he's a pretty pigeon. He's beautiful, bro. He's a pretty pigeon. So my team lied to me and said they got a $3,000 pigeon from Southeast Asia. We, we gotta, I don't know why the fuck they did that. It's literally fucking stupid. Wait, why they did? That's him. He's like a $5 pigeon. Shut the fuck up bro. Sorry Richard. Sorry Richard. Where did they get it? And not that money. Richard makes your value. You are worth so much more than that. And you were the best pigeon in The world. Buddy. Expensive. He walked out with us, dude. And now he's the most famous pigeon in The world. This, this pigeon walked out to Mike Paul, Mike Paul Jake, Tyson fight. 250 million people know this fucking pigeon fight. Does he sit on your finger? He, not yet. I mean, he can, but you just grab him. He, yeah, he, but he could fly away So, so don't do that.


What'd you say? Are you guys filming your podcast? Yeah. No. Yeah. You want to come on here? You can if you want. Nothing else is fucking going on.


Pedal some products. Yeah. Pedal Come Pedal. Oh, We can pedal. The fuck. Jake Paul. Spray to all my haters. Grab that. Grab that. Here go. So, guys, this is a limited edition w for all of my haters. It's actually a, a fuck Jake Paul spray. You can get it@getw.com. What's the scent? What's the scent? It's the original scent that's inside of there. But this camera, this camera's just getting blasted, dude. But yeah, you can get the fuck Jake Paul spray for a limited time only. See, that's what I'm saying. But, but You know what You know what didn't happen is they, the crowd didn't start chanting Fuck Jake Paul. And that was why we were gonna sell these after they chanted fucked Dick Paul. So even if they did Jake Stadium Chance are much harder to catch on than Arena Chance. And I, I, I was talking about at the presser, we, I was hoping it was gonna happen.


Oh, I'm gonna leave. I just wanted to come in, intervene and be an inconvenience and a nuisance. Say something smart, like give the audience something to take home. Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the sale. Fuck yeah. My guy. Hell yeah. And, and, and at the end of the day, it's nighttime. Yeah. This shit is falling over. Congratulations. I'm going to finish off this week. Doing a lot of negligent things and drinking and abusing My liver, bro. What? Is he chilling? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Yep. Alright, well let's, we'll see you around, brother. No, you won't. All right. Are you coming to Puerto Rico?


No. I'm gonna go LA Man. Come back on Wednesday. Fucking stuff. Come back on Wednesday. You wanna hang out on Wednesday? Yeah. What, what's the date? What's the date? 17th. Sunday. Sunday. Okay. Let You Know if you guys wanna hang Out. Yeah. All right, dude. Have you been to India? Yeah. It's, it's sick. It's sick. Jake. You should go back. You should go. Yeah. I was only there for like 12 hours. Really? You should stay longer. The food guys. I, the people are very nice in India. Met a lot of creators. They're all in the, come up huge over there, ready to make some mainstream expansion if you ever go back. I wanna go there and fight in a rush, dude.


Don't, don't you, you would beat the shit out of him. Yeah, but, but that's, but he thinks he would win, bro. He couldn't even take that. But it would be Big Anderson. It, it would be big in India. It would be massive dude. It would be massive. And they love you over there. I could go pick up like a big bag of Rues just for beating in vest. You totally could. They love you. you know how many people were like, bro, congrats dude. Go kill Mike Tyson. I'm like, yeah, dude, I'm fighting Mike Tyson this Saturday and I'm here. They thought, like, they, some people think I'm you. And I had to, I just had to do the same old RMA roll that I always do. Do people ever think you're me, like one in 10 mine's? Probably. What would you say? Two in 10? Three in 10. Probably two in 10 is.


It's getting better though, I think. Yeah. It's, it's getting much better. It used to be much worse. They could probably see the difference now. Well, dude, you are. I could see clearly now the paws are different. I could see clearly now they look so different. Stop. We should sing more. We should sing a couple of songs for the audience. I, I sing to my daughter. We should freestyle. I'm down to freestyle. Let's play a beat. Freestyle beats. Freestyle beats on, on Spotify. Just freestyle beats. Do you wanna go first? Sure. I'll, I could do it. Dude, the wifi in here is just, yeah.


I don't think it's even working. What's good bro? Like I'm on my 5G, yo. Oh fuck. I can see clearly now the rain is gone. When are you gonna shave your head Yo, Ryan with two ends? Yes. Are you able to make me one of these pizza lunch leaves in the microwave? They're fucking bomb. When you heat when you cook 'em like that. What, grab one off the table? Yeah, you can grab it off of there. My, my chef made go. Are you having a twisted tea? You're not, you can't be drunk at this hour. Like, still from last night. Alright. Too slow probably. Yeah. That yeah. Too slow. Yeah. This is a crashed out episode.


Like insane. Oh. This, this could, this could, this could be good. Hey. Yeah. Huh? Okay. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo. Yo. They call me El Gao. Yeah. I'm from Ohio. I do the dash on you. I make ya mayo. I make ya my son. I knock it out kid. Mike Tyson. Ooh. Mike Tyson eating on the Ryon. Fon Lyon. Bison. Bison. I'm the one that's gonna be, no offense, sleeping Tyson, the bison. The, everything is exciting.


Yeah. Alright. Elga. He's from Ohio. Ooh. Puerto Rico. Hey, I'm a freako. I'm a freako. That's a nice course. Hey, El Elga people from Ohio. I'm a freako. I'm a freak. Yeah. Turn me up one time. Hey, the biggest in The world, Netflix on my line. You know they want more business. Ooh. Ah. No fucking kidding. I break records. I do the dash. Damn. I hit the Lambo. Hey, I'm going past, I'm never in the last, I'm never in the past. I'm in the present. The future, the animalistic nature of my style. I'm going wild, wild, wild. I'm the wild west boy. El Cayo from Ohio.


No. Ohio. Yo. Yeah. I'm a freak. Yo. Yo. I'm on Neff going from Ohio Yoyo. Yo, what the fuck? What have you done? That was, that was pretty good. Thanks. I, it was all inspired by this, the gao Dude. Do you feel like, do you, you feel like you're making, Ooh. Do you think this would scare Richard? Yeah. They probably have beef. Yeah. He's dipping out. Yeah. I can't believe that pigeon walked out with us in, in the, in the, whatever. That was like a limousine or something that coming out when you guys were coming out at that moment.


Yeah. The commission said to me after they said, I, we, we would've never allowed that I. Don't know how. We didn't see the pigeon. Why would, what, what's wrong with the pigeon? That's species. Species. Yeah. Like racist against species. Yes. That is species. Why would they not look at him? He's said he's not cars, car. They said it's because of animal cruelty. Animal cruelty. What? Dude, he was vibing. Literally. Literally. And now he's so famous. He's getting brand deals. There's no Yeah, he's a fucking gay. There's no animal cruel. He's making a living for him and his family. He's literally making a living. Shut up. A killing. Shut up, dude. That right Door, Bro. Like, like, like we were coming outta that tunnel in that car.


Oh, he wants a little rooster. There you go, buddy. Oh, Richard's like, oh, fuck, dude. Oh shit. Is that your, is that your little chicken? Oh shit. That's your little chicken door. Oh, my little chicken. Is he aggressive at all? Does he, could he like hurt something? Yeah, bro. Thor's a killer. Actually. He's just like me, like super dumb and slow until it's time to fucking fight people. Oh yeah. bba. Yeah, bro. When we were coming out in that truck car and I looked around and just saw the stadium full of people, I was like, dude, look around. It's, it's insane, dude. And I'm so, I'm so glad I Got to be there in that moment.


Me too. That was fucking epic. Started from the bottom. Now we're here, bro. 60 million households. Jake, 250 million people. Oh. But 60 million accounts. Insane, bro. Bro, that is so fucking, it's all downhill from here. No, for Sure. You know I peaked. Now I know. Now I. Know what it feels like. You know the kids who peaked in high school. Hell yeah. I peaked right now, so whatever. Whatever bro. Oh, he's ripping up the chicken. Oh, Richard's watching Mortified right now. Richard's like, oh fuck. He's like, I must be special, dude. Like, how are you even gonna walk around anymore and, and not get recognized?


Especially 'cause again, your head is so big. You're so recognizable. Yeah. It's just like a giant rooster head. I don't really plan on walking around. Mm. That's my, that's I plan on Do you have people carry you? Yeah. Because you're that rich Now Is it true. You made 90 million from this fight. No. Who said that? Is it true that you made $170 million from this fight. That's not true. I made a lot of money. The most money I've made ever. But what are you gonna buy with the money? Probably a ranch. Whoa. Like a big piece of property.


Whoa. And, and I'm gonna pimp it out. Speaking of ranch, bro, when I had your dog house, the ranch sauce. Yeah. There was ranch on it. I was like, of course. Yeah. He's always loved a ranch on his wings. No, I I'm make it so that the order, when they order my shit, it comes with ranch. I know. Yeah, I know. And I don, I don't love ranch, but I loved it on your wing dude. Frick. Yeah. Yeah, dude, speaking of food Thank, you lemme see two ends. Lemme see. Oh, that's a, that's a solid, that's a solid arrangement. She did, she did. Well. Yeah. This looks tasty. Yeah. Hey, do we have to go on a flight or something? Yeah, I think we should. I think we should get outta here, dude. Yeah, it's two. It's 2:00 PM We, our flight's at 2:00 PM Okay.


Well thanks for, thanks for having this conversation with me. If you even wanna call it that, well Thank you for having me on this show, podcast show. And I think it was just a hangout. It was just hanging out. Hungover brain, dead hangout. Yeah. I want to add a disclaimer to the end of the episode. Sure. Nothing that was said on here is real and it was all ai. Yep. a hundred percent Thank you guys for watching this episode of Impulsive. We do love you. We will be back with Mike Malac. He was out making more money than he would be here. So Impulsive has fallen down his priority ladder.


Anyways, we love you guys. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Bye. Mm.