
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Joe Weller. Oh, you created influencer boxing. We started, it was just in a gym. We Owe you a Thank you, all of us. How about a couple Million dollars? How about that? What happened when you fought KSI, bro? What? The KSI doesn't fight like a fighter. He's a Crackhead. Now you can ask me the same question. Yeah, bro. So I went to a WrestleMania Triple H kicked me out. What? What? He was like, he's this fucking YouTuber. Oh my God. I'm playing at fucking Wembley Stadium on Saturday. You're on my team. You should do like a, a Celebration. If we score, you can fucking suplex me onto the pitch. That's Such a good idea. I was dead set against the idea of going to like a dodgy massage parlor. Anyways, there I'm in Pettet, Thailand. I was convinced that this was a femur.


I made the ultimate error. Oh, near two. Ah, You guys just get in today? Yeah, yeah. Today, bro. Pretty wild, huh? And how many other pods have you done today? Just one. Just one. Aspenal Thomas Aspenal. UFC Fighter, right? Yeah. Sick. You familiar? So he was meant to come on my podcast, but Oh, didn't in the end. Yeah. I'm not sure why, but we got Drew McIntyre on instead. Oh, sick. That's coming up. Also a huge guy. It's not Out yet. No, no, no, no. Yeah. How was he in person? Well, Dream we haven't done it yet.


We are. Wait. Oh, when, when you guys come to do Roar in London, like that's when we're doing it. No way. Interesting. I'd never like took him as anyone who actually could like, speak sentences in full, complete length. Really? Do you, do you actually get familiar with like, all the guys behind the scene? Like, do you actually get to know them? No. No, no. Wait, What is it like you, you just get out there and just do it and you actually had, don't, you don't, don't actually know if you can trust this person. It's like some, some of 'em you become friends with. It's Okay. So at the end of the day, you put a bunch of like hu it's like school. It's basically like school, right? And in school you have like your cliques and some people you don't really get along with.


And some people you really get along with. Like some, some of the guys backstage, like Stew, the, the cameraman, the CEO of camera four, I think six. Camera six, bro. Like me and this guy. Just butt Heads bro. Wait, Is that another one that John Cena really likes? Yes. He Has him. Yes. Yes. Fucking stew, bro. He assaulted me. He hit me, he hits me. Well, he hit me once, but I'm sure he'll do it again. And I'm, I'm collecting evidence, bro. But dude, enough about my bullshit. Well, it's not bullshit. Wws a grace job ever. Thanks. Please, please don't fire me, Joe. Yes, dude. I am so happy you're here. Me too, bro. I, I listened to this show.


I'm a fan. I've followed your whole career. I Fucking Live with this show. I Live for this. I love it. You're excited to have you. And we're and we're and we're fans too. Huge, huge fans, dude. Well, I mentioned to him a couple minutes ago, it's like, bro, you're the architect. All this shit. Think about how many podcast hours, hours of viewing time on Tyson versus Jake, Paul, Logan Pool, Jake Pool, any of the pools all the way back. We're talking about fucking years. Years. Could any of this evolution of YouTube and Creator, could any of it have happened without Weller? No. No, I don't think so. So I, I'm, I'm gonna do it. I need a proper little, Oh yeah, sorry Ladies and gentlemen. It's Joe Weller.


Let's go, Let's go. Some people are saying you're the founder of Influencer Boxing. Whoa. You, you created influencer boxing That is fucking mental, isn't it? Like the fact, I mean, seeing where it is, bro, like we started, it was just in a gym, right? It was just in a gym. Me and my friend. Have you seen it? Malfoy? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Theo. Theo, yeah. Theo Baker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We called him Malfoy. It was meant to just be like a one-off off the back of McGregor Mayweather. Yep. Right? Yep. We saw what they did and, and You know, obviously it was popping at the time, so we were like, yeah, of course. Yeah, let's do a YouTube video. No one else is doing that shit. Let's go. And then when JJ commented, I was like, boom, this could be something fucking massive. We're not gonna do a video.


Let's do an arena, let's do an arena. And he tried to obviously like not, he wanted to like not do that. He wanted to fight like rot ashore, Harry from the side instead. And I just knuckled down and just like, did not let him get away with it. And yeah, I just thought it could be something massive, but I did not think it would go where it's gone. For Sure. I mean, it's, it's gone ape shit, dude. Like, we, we owe, we owe you a Thank you all of us for Sure. Yeah. About a Couple million dollars. How about that? Do you feel like you deserve a royalty check? Yes. I mean, I wish I put like a little, like this, a little 2%. Like in any, anything that's off the back of this in the YouTube world, Ima imagine man, 2% would be a lot, you would have a lot of money. I mean, bro, this has churned out millions and millions and millions and do of dollars in, in pay-per-view and sponsorships in career growth for individuals, for Logan, for Jake, for KSI, for so many people and continues to, to even spin off Now.


I mean, you see it moving into the streaming world with what Aiden's doing with brand risk and all of these different things. It's absolutely insane to imagine that five or six, what, probably six years ago, maybe this didn't exist. Yeah, Yeah. It Is, it is wild. And I can only like, obviously some people's, some people shit on it, obviously for it's understandable. Like obviously people that work so hard to be a boxer and then you've got YouTubers come along. Like, and ultimately it does come about like who can sell tickets Yeah. And who can sell pay-per-view. And like that's many industries are like that, but I can, I can see why it would annoy, You know, the people that have dedicated this their whole life, you know? Yeah, yeah. Of course. But it's insulting. Yeah. Like we, we just come along and some of us look like idiots fighting out there.


Yeah. And, and yet like we're getting more people to tune in than people who have spent their whole lives training for this thing. Are you someone who follows the sport more for the entertainment aspect of it? Like that, like a YouTuber brings or are you watching for, for the pugilistic boxing technique? Since doing my fight and like, honestly like not knowing how to box, it made me, it made me get so into the actual sport to want to actually see how these guys managed to do it. Because when I Got out there brother and I absolutely froze and I didn't know what the fuck I was doing. I was like, how I could not see how these guys get out there and do what they do and just stay so composed and deliver. So I just, I fell in love with the sport after that and just, yeah man, I've been a huge fan of ever since, but I don't really watch the influencer stuff if I'm honest.


Mm. Unlike the big ones you watch. Well, Of course if it's Jake in this case, I bet like I don't watch too much. Like misfits would, Could, do you still, do you consider Jake Paul to be an influencer boxer right now? Kind of. No. Kind of, no, because he's, he's not fighting influencers. Yeah. He is not fighting like prime boxes, but he's not fighting influencers. It's not just a circus. Right. To an, to an extent the Tyson thing maybe was, but like yeah, like I I I wouldn't call Jake Paul as just an influencer boxer. No. Do you consider KSI to be an influencer boxer? Yes. Wow. Yeah. I do. And I think that's, that is an issue between that fight happening.


Like both guys like low key, they'll both have insecurities, I think, where they're not 100% sure. Like Jake's going against boxers. Like people that do fight in KSI doesn't fight like a fighter. He's a fucking Crackhead. Yeah, yeah. Straight up Brad, that geezer gets in the ring and you're literally like, I'm not standing across from a geezer, I'm standing, he's a monster. And I think there's an element like Jake's like, I don't know what this guy, this guy's gonna do to me. And then JJ I think will be thinking like, well, shit, Jake's going against, he is going against fighters. He has been doing this like more seriously than me. You know, he, maybe he is better. And I feel like both guys don't wanna give anything away because there is the unknown. But fucking make it happen guys. Let's go. Like, come on.


Well, you saw, you saw what happened the first time that those two styles clash. Yeah. Obviously in, You know, Logan and jj. Right? And, and not, not to say that, You know, Jake is clearly a, a better boxer. Oh shit. Jake is clear. You know what? Fuck that. Oh God. Jake is clearly a better boxer than Logan. Damn. He has devoted his life to it. Logan would moon salt, frog splash double backhand him off of a a rope? We get it. You got, you guys both went in different directions. Jake has devoted his life to boxing. Similarly to Logan though his, his, his his move is his power, his his sheer power. And you saw JJ being capable of beating down that power with that strange Crackhead brawling tactic.


Yeah. And so it is a very interesting thing. Now that said, Jake has fought UFC fighters. He's fought people with unorthodox and unconventional fighting styles and he is won those fights. Right. So Look, I'm working on it, Joe. I'm working, I'm trying so hard. There's a, there's a, there's a weight problem at the moment. Who's fat? They Jake's technically the fat guy. Yeah. But J j's put on so much weight though. Like Yeah, but he fights lighter than their, than their, bro. It's, it's a disaster. Can wait. But is is Jake doing that intentionally, like you as his brother? Do You know if he's going, if I just go so heavy that jj there's No way he's Purposely staying, don't think there's of That. No, he, he, he genuinely believes that he's kind of like above the influencer boxing. And he, like you classifies KSI is still an influencer boxer, So won't fight him for that reason.


Even though like, that's the fight that everyone actually wants. That is partially correct. Like, he won't go down to a weight where he's genuinely uncomfortable just to satisfy like a YouTube audience. 'cause like, dude, like, you know, he just had one of the biggest viewed sporting events in history. Like, his head is just elsewhere. But Do you not think like, looking at him fighting at that heavy weight, like surely he's not, that's not his actual like, ideal weight to fight at. I told him, I said, I said, 'cause he, he won't go to one 90. The weight was I think 1 92 and a half that he was comfortable with. And I said, I said, bro, that means you c you c you understand you can never fight at one 90 no matter what anyone ever.


And he said, yeah, I'm, I'm never going that low again. He's just, he's big now. He's bigger dude. He's a, he's a thick fucking tattooed beast. Keeps horizontally grows. He grows Like this. Yeah. The, that in that direction. He was, when I sparred him, obviously went to his house. I was surprised how fucking hell think back to then. I was surprised at how dense he was dense, like as in just thick fucking like, yeah, he's, he's Like thicker now. He really puberty hit him like last year. And he's not taking any like steroids, is he? No, no, no. I mean, he gets tested and it's always negative. I feel like, I feel like, You know, 10, 11 fights in, you'd probably get caught at this point. Yeah. I mean I, but the, the way boxes seems to always come out, like someone else is always getting found out.


I'm like, is everyone just secretly on it? Like, if you've got fucking millions of dollars, surely you can invest that in covering it up. No, I, my, my, I would, I would lean on Wada and Vada to like do their job. Yeah. What sounds wa Yeah, just ridiculous Sounds. No, I mean, like, I don't, You know, I don't know. Like if what, what, what, what testing pool is Connor in usada? What corner? Ben? What mcg? Connor McGregor. Oh, I'm not into, I Think it's, I think it's, I think it's usada. UFC left USADA Recently. Oh, they did leave U usada. So I don yeah, I don't, I don't know.


But regardless, yeah. What happened when you fought KSI, bro? What the fuck be, because dude, I like, I'll be honest with you, I was certain you were gonna win. Yeah. Like I, I very naive of me to just like assume, but you're like, you had like the muscles and stuff and at the time he was like on the chubbier side still like the FIFA gamer. And then I think there was like a shove, there's a, there's a shove at an event and I was really into it and then show what happened out there. Yeah, bro. So like at that point of the press conference when that shove was happening, like I was in my absolute prime, like literally, like, I hadn't done any boxing training And by Prime I mean like mentally I was just like, I am fucking unstoppable.


Like, I was standing in his crowd, this was his show, and I was like, I'm gonna fucking dominate you. I don't give a fuck. And I was just on it. And it was like, I did the boxing training with arguably, like, one person was my mom's personal trainer and the other was like someone that, You know, may or may not have sold narcotics in the area and, You know, not, not necessarily like the most professional boxing coaches. And I think just like I trained for 10 months and it just fucking wore me down, took all my confidence, didn't have any belief in my ability, and I just got to fight night. Like, I cannot wait for this to be over. Oh damn. I have no fucking clue what I'm doing. I was just brawling every day and sparring not learning anything. I didn't know how to punch. I didn't, I didn't know anything really.


Just fighting every day in the gym. And it got to fight night. And it just fucking showed bro. Like, I Got there and I was just like a deer in headlights. Why did you not set yourself up for success? More? I, I thought, I thought I was. And I, I clearly just got it so wrong. Like, I was like, I'm gonna trust these people. These people work clearly like they work in boxing. I don't, and I just got the wrong fucking guys. I'll be real. I take responsibility for myself. Like I, you know, regardless of the training, I should've still been able to turn up on fight Night, fucking throw a punch at least. Do You know what I mean? I didn't do any of that. And it, it's, you know, it haunted me for years, bro. Like, it, it was, it was, it was the worst night of my life. By short by by far. Hell Yeah. Now you can ask me the same question. Yeah, Bro. Bro. How? Shit.


'cause the thing is that I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it was too much to do with anything that he did. It was more of like I was defeated before I even turned out. Yeah. Now was the same with you or would you say that he Into No, that was his excuse. Got into you. Excuse. He used the same. No, I woke up. I sneezed three times, threw over three times. Three times three. Not twice, three times. Fuck. Which I tell you what, something after effect affected me as well. I had a big wa the night before. And I actually think that takes it out your system. Hell yeah, it does. Course We can You put me in this situation really quickly. Well it's, you're, you're, you're locked in. It's the night before Fight night. Yeah. I couldn't get to sleep, You know, it knocks you out. You know, I send you to sleep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I was just trying to get to.


That's, That is a crazy Thing. I was just trying to get to sleep and it's fucking damn. Yeah, just takes your energy, takes takes your legs out, dude. You're not supposed to release. They say unless you live in a barn,


You know that wwe e is hotter than ever and John Cen is now the bad guy. Oh my God. You will not wanna miss the action. Live and in person with over 28 million downloads. Seat Geek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events every single day on SeatGeek, including concerts, sporting events, music festivals, and of course Raw SmackDown and even WrestleMania. Yeah. They put all the tickets across the web in one place to make sure you're getting a good deal and each ticket is graded to make sure you get a good deal. Look for the green screen means good. Red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return. Yep. With swaps, you can actually return your tickets ahead of time with swaps. Okay. That's what he's trying to say. You know, I came through for you guys, use my code Logan 10 for 10% off your tickets at SeatGeek. We'll repeat that. That's 10% off your purchase with the promo code Logan 10. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app. Shout out SeatGeek back to the show.


My coach called it building your batch Right before the fight. You had a wet dream, didn't you Bro? 'cause the batch building backfired. I couldn't believe it. I'm like, I had it nutted 30 days. I'm three days out from the fight, bro. Wild dream. Next thing You know, I just, I mean it was horrible. Like I'm, I'm, I'm like, first off I'm like 22 and I'm having a full on wet dream. It was, yeah. It mine, mine, mine was completely Jack Reese's fault. I'll be honest with you. The referee who took away two points. Oh Yeah bro, because I was commentating your fight. Right. I was ringside Sky Sports and I remember like that happening and we, everyone, all of even like the legit commentators that we've watched this for years were like, we could not believe what we're seeing.


Yeah. Like that was just wrong. I dunno why he did that. I'll tell you why. Why? Because God had a plan for me. You reckon? You reckon? I think so. That night, I, I remember I lost by that one point. I was like, I didn't feel defeated. I was like, that was weird. That just feels weird. Like, I didn't have a good day either. I kind of turned up a little, like a little sick would joke about the three times thing, but just under the weather, not really like, feeling myself that day. Yeah. Kinda like half-assed my way through the fight. Got an upper cut, You know, I was, I don't know. Like Yeah. And I, I didn't, I just felt like, like, like I knew something was gonna come out of it, but do you think like, and I guess, I guess I guess it was prime, which You know now is my baby.


And I I love it. I'm so blessed to like be a part of this company. Do you think if you had beaten KSI, do you think me and you would've started Prime Bro? Imagine I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be surprised. You know why? Because we're both into wrestling and I feel like there would've been an element if we go down, I was popping the wrestling videos and it's like, I now you and ww if we went in tag team champions, like you never, You know what I mean? Would've been, would've Been been crazy, Would've been fucking Men. Nah, I know, I know that, bro. I'm gonna be honest. That shit would've failed, dude. Why? A hundred percent? Why? I don't know, dude. It just wouldn't have worked. 'cause I'm not black. Nah, It's, yeah, it's par partially because of that. It is partially because of the interracial mix, but it's also just because, I don't know, I have no rationale for it whatsoever.


Yeah. I I just don't, it's not you, it's you two. Right. That would've failed miserably. Like a crashing rocket ship. Like, You know What I'm saying? I think, I think he's right. I was, I was telling the, I was telling the boys this the other day. Sorry bro. We can start a different company. That's okay, bro. Wrestling related, like wrestling headgear or something. Yeah. Some shit. I don I was telling the boys this the other day. Occasionally in life you get lucky enough with something where it seems that everything makes a lot of sense. Yeah. It hasn't happened a lot for me. Lightning in a bottle, you call it? Yeah, basically. And, and again, with the, with the, with the, that KSI loss, I was like, that feels weird.


I'm just gonna sit and see if this is like good or bad. Then this came out and it was, it was something where I felt everything went perfect in a, in a way that I was so unfamiliar with. 'cause all the like, turbulence in my life. And then I'm seeing the numbers and even bro, the name prime, like in your prime, like primed up. Like it just, everything was so perfect and I did feel like God had had a greater plan for me in in mind. And, and I Do believe that, You know, we, we often get success or we get the results of something at a far different point at which we're expecting it. So you may think, put in this work here, get result there.


But in reality, like, like you say, you may have got that loss, but that was actually the fuel that has created something far bigger later down the line. And I think like a lot of people give up and think like, oh, I've, I've had a failure. That's it. End the road. When really if you keep going, that may be just the start of something that's gonna come far bigger. And mate, that's, that's an a prime example. Literally. I'm, I'm so blessed for it. Yeah. To, to reciprocate that. Do you feel like you have had anything like that happen from like a, a low point or something like that in your life? I Mean, I definitely think going through the turbulence of the whole, like fighting stuff like that obviously knocked me to the ground. But in terms of like building myself Up to be a better human being Yeah.


To reestablish all the relationships that I've now had to within the, within the YouTube space and in my career like that, without the loss, without going through everything and getting humbled in the way that I did, I, I believe I would've gone, gone down a path of thinking I'm unstoppable. I'm bigger and better than everyone. I definitely have narcissistic tendencies. And I think, yeah, like getting humbled, I'd say is, is the biggest way to actually learn. And I think yeah, that, that, that's, that's what I'd say more than anything. But I wouldn't say there's a direct, like I've created this product. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I should, I shouldn't have like, like tail ended that question. Comparing it to prime. I'm just saying like Yeah. Any, any, any like personal improvements or something where, 'cause like, like you kind of mentioned whenever I'm in a valley and I, I feel like it always seems to happen this way.


Like the momentum is either like really in your favor. Yeah. Or not. When it reigns, it pours. Yeah. Certainly feels like that in my life. I know it does to for you as well. Just, just weird how it happens, man. I, I always just try to remember that there's a light at the end of the tunnel and, and every time I do make it out of the tunnel and I'm trudging through the mud and it's dark when I get to the end and I, and I made it out, I feel so much stronger of a, of a human bro. I think like when you're going through that shit, it's overcoming that, that actually builds you. So like for me it's, even if it's like sleepless nights, like I've gone through periods of just having pure insomnia. It's the, It potentially is the worst thing ever.


Like, people talk about diet gyms, this and that. Yeah. Not sleep. Like even today, like I, I texted him today and said to him like, yo, I'm I, I didn't sleep on the plane. We land, we gotta get right to work. I'm like, You know, now 36 hours in no sleep or even longer than that. And it's like, that is the worst thing. Yeah. That is worse than anything else. But being able to turn up and do your job regardless, that builds character in the mind. It's like, oh, I, I had nothing in the tank. I still turned up and I fucking performed and did a good job. But that's, that's now given me more for when I next go into something and I might be sick or something else might not be ideal. I've like, built character builds confidence. You don't get confidence from just like things going easy and getting it right. I had a perfect sleep, turned up, did a good job, obviously. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like you get it from when you go through the mud and you have to overcome Shit.


You know what I mean? So I think that's why like, I, I threw myself into solo traveling. Like I just went, I, You know, I, I was a well low point year ago in the winter and it was like, lemme go to the other side of The world. Lemme go to the Philippines by myself, just fucking see what happens and have to like, fend for myself. I think that's why I did like the Amazon Rainforest documentary with like no help. It was just with indigenous hunters, it's like survive. And I wonder if the human brain, like we actually need a level of like, obstacles and like things to overcome in order to actually feel like stimulated in the right way. A Thousand of you just hit like three things that we have to talk about all of them. But the last thing is very important. Every single thing that I've ever created in my life, whether it's the book, whether it's moving and doing this with him or anything, has all come from a place of desperation.


I think. I think there's different types of people in The world. I think some people are motivated by inspiration. They're inspired to create something from an idea that isn't, there's an inception of this idea in their head. Others are fueled by desperation. For me, when you put my back against the wall and I start really feeling like shit's closing in on me, that's when I'm gonna go and do something special. And so I think it depends on the type of person you are. What type of people did you run into in the Philippines? Philippines, bro. Well, I mean the, the indigenous people, bro. Like, You know what? Filipinos aren't actually like Asian. Well You really never know what you're gonna get there. You know what I'm saying? I Got, I Got a baby nurse, she's Filipino. Wait, Wait, wait. What you mean you never know? Where're gonna where you're gonna get. Oh wait, you're talking about like lady boys?


Yeah. We have a Well You said it on me. I mean, We have a song. Fuck, we have to Do that. I have a a sun pre. No, we hurt. We, yeah. Tell me if this song makes you feel any type of way. Hold up. Wait. LadyBoy. It was hard. Oh fuck yes. So in Thailand, I, I made the ultimate error.


Oh, we fucking dread this Logan. Oh, I know, I know. I hear about, I hear about these stories. I'm so happy I get to hear one right now. So I was dead set against the idea of going to like a dodgy massage parlor. But like this local soccer player, right? This local footballer. He was like, mate, just give it a go. They're really good. They're really professional at what they do and like, You know, they're really good fucking waning you off. So I was like, ah, fuck, fine, I'll indulge in the culture. And I went and it was fantastic. And it was a female and it was fantastic. And now, now at this point I'm like, fuck yeah, I'm gonna go again. I know, I know this how it works now. Like let's go.


Anyways there I'm in Pettet Thailand and I get roped in thinking, oh, it's just another female, Oops, Let me get like, You know, let me just go again. Fuck it. And yeah, here we go. I checked the hands, Logan. They're small hands. I checked the Adams apple. There's no Adams apple. Yeah, I was convinced that this was a female. Anyways, When did you realize, was it too late, Bro? Like, Damn, was it the callouses, bro? I damn, I'm A good man. All right. But I, But Yeah, I just started yeah, getting touched in a certain way and then they started removing their clothes to engage in things that maybe are not so professional.


And yeah, just got a glimpse of this tiny, tiny cock in this really bushy mouth like bush, No Tiny cock. And it was literally like heart drop. What the fuck? This is go. I was like, this is God going there you go, mate. You fucking dirty wanker like, whatcha you doing? And I, and it, bro, it fucked me up. Like I, I lost all my sex drive for like six months after that. Oh My God. Brilliant. That's that's pretty, that's brutal dude. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Yeah, It's all How was he? I didn't fuck Ha I didn't fuck him. Damn. So, okay, wait, so this is like a, a huge thing there, obviously. Yeah, yeah. For people who, who don't know, there's like, it's like a majority situation.


Your story isn't uncommon. No. And that's the thing I was like, I'll never get fucking fooled by that. Like, You know, we think We can tell, right? But bro, I'm telling you that men and women out there, you, you, you wouldn't be able to tell. I I genuinely wouldn't Be able to tell. I have a, a close story myself. Yeah. From Los Angeles. Oh, you may know this early on. 'cause you can't tell, you can't fucking tell some, some of these people are, are incredible in their witchcraft. I was at a club called Warwick and I saw this, You know, large tittered woman. And at one point in my life, that was my thing, dude. I was really into like that really fake look. Yeah. At, At one point. At 1.1.


So, so anyway, so I see this, you know, like wilder beast style human just, it, it was a larger human. But you know, girls come in all sizes, so You know the big lips and everything. And I, we, we start like dancing and I'm having a good time and it's, You know, it's Warwick Wednesday and everybody's popping off whatever. And I was like, what, what's your plan after this? She was like, you wanna come back to my place? And I was like, what did you say? And she was like, you wanna come back to my place? Right down the street. So I was like, all right. And we started walking down the street and I started picking up some context clues. Arms were pretty vascular hands were pretty like just Tom Aspen's hands.


And And what did you do? You went through with it didn't. No, And then I started looking at the neck and I started noticing different sounds and things and, and, and just different demeanors. And when we got to enter, there was another girl with us. Right. And when we got to the apartment to go inside, I ran. And I can't run, but I fucking ran like the wind I took Off the way. Run away. Yes. Okay. The, the, the running as far as I know seems to be like the solution for all of it. Like every story I've heard from, from the homies. 'cause again, this is a common trap. Yeah, dude. It's like a bear trap out in the wild. You never know what you're, when even step in it, just use your speed. That's what I did. I ran and I heard good luck here. And I was like, yo, what the fuck all cut you?


She said she did, she fucking, She fucking ran me down to threw a spear into my back. You know, the amount of geezers that have told me like, oh yeah, if I was in that situation, probably just want would've gone ahead with it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm already in that position. Fuck it. I might as well just fuck, fuck them in the ass. I'm like, sorry. No, I've, I've, I've heard this. Well, many Blokes have come Up to me and said, yeah, I probably just would've gone with it. Like, fuck it Dude. Well that's why in this, in this song I just played to you, I I don Dunno if you heard the lyrics, he said, he said, if I bang A LadyBoy, am I still straight? It's, it's a, he's asking a a, an honest question. And I don't know if there's an answer to it, but like, You know, if you don't, if you find out that they're not what you thought they were and you don't go through with it, are you transphobic?


Are you a transphobic? No mate, you have your preferences. Right? But what I do actually wanna ask is like, if you are under the impression that they are a girl and that's what you're getting off on and they're actually a guy, Is it just our perspective and our own minds that we are getting off on ever? Like Is it just the idea of what we are having sex with that we're getting off on? Because if we, if we, Well, I think that y well the question lies in like what you said, what you're attracted to. Like, bro, if you're, if if I, if I'm attracted to women, like if, You know, I, I hope I'm hooking up with a woman and like, not, not, not if under The Impression that is a female, then that's just your one. This Yeah. Yeah. But, but 500 episodes is maybe the deepest conversation we've ever had on this show. But eventually you're gonna, you're gonna hit a callous and then, and then it's, and and it's that flip that switched in you.


It's like, what the fuck have I done? Well, hold on. Let's, and it's not like, dude, if it's not for you, it's, you can't force it. And by the way, by the way, I think it's a little fucked up. Feels like some information that needs to be disclosed. I'm sorry. Well, it's probably illegal in some, somewhere. It feels A Little, but, but hold on, let's step back for a second. What is, what is, what creates attraction? What creates sexual orientation? Is it like, what things Is it? Is it like where does that start? Where does that, I'm just being genuinely curious right now. Like where does that start? Like, does it start at the knowledge that the other person, Is it, Is it their softer demeanor? Is it like, I I there's so many nuances.


Pheromones, What is it? So we have a show in England called Naked Attraction. Right? And they spit facts on like what we're actually attracted to about like the opposite sex and like a big bum to your like monkey brain is saying she's really good fertile. So that's why you like a big bum, big boobs. Like good for like being a mother. A lot of it is based on being a good mother to your seed. Right? That's what you're attracted to in like the shapes of a woman. But apparently as well, like we give off sense. So like you're like the energy that you are picking up and whatever. It's actually like, like when you are turned on, apparently you give off certain things that the other person of the opposite sex can like sense that actually turns them on. And like pheromones. Yeah, yeah. Like pheromones and your family. Like give off pheromones that actually repulse you so you wouldn't, you know, You know what I mean?


So that you apparently like it feel like that, but No, you go, Wow. So, so fascinating man. Did any, any, any experiences like that in the rainforest? They Were obviously fuck a lot there, but like, I mean I didn't, I didn't see any, any dodgy stuff like that in the Amazon rainforest. No. When you, when you were traveling The world alone. Mm. That's like a pretty bold thing to do. It's going to the rainforest and indigenous tribes and stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, I was like, let me put myself in way outta my comfort zone. Like even like riding like the motorcycles out there and shit. Like, I've always been scared to do, I dunno if you've ever done any, any of that shit. Like going to like third world countries and just fucking getting involved with how they operate. This Is why I ask.


'cause I've always wanted to Mm. Like really badly. I think. I think like you, it would be like a cool self-discovery thing. Yeah. I, I missed the boat. I Got a fucking family now and as Well. Do you think you're like, you are too famous? I, I didn't wanna say that, but it would make things dramatically more difficult. Well, you wouldn't be, and also, and also unsafe, You know. But You wouldn't be famous in Mogadishu, I don't think. Yeah, no, that's where I was sort of like, I'm blessed. I'm saying that like What imm maybe that's, maybe that's an interesting outcome for you. Maybe you go to some of these places where you're actually not famous and see what it's like to just be regular Logan Paul. I mean that. Well that's kind of what I'm at. Like what was the experience like? Well, Bro, like yeah, it was, I was normal. And I think that's what like taking a step back from YouTube and almost like not kicking on and getting like even bigger and bigger and bigger.


It's allowed me to do like normal shit and I've actually fucking like, loved that element. Now do you, would you say, obviously you've got all these different, like prime wwe, all this different stuff. Like, do you ever go like, nah, I wish I could do some like, normal life things as well? Or are you like I nah, I'm Actually not. I do, I do like, I play pickleball Pickle ball. What is that again? Is that where you It's a racket sport. Yeah. It's popping off. Or like Padel, padel, padel. I just we're getting into it. Mm. Yeah. You know, but it's, it, I I the answer is yes. I, I like yearned that from time to time and I, and I'll and I'll crave it. But I think more for me, why I'm intrigued about what, what you did is, is like the, the solitude of doing things like alone, like that, like self discovery is really significant for me.


Yeah. And I feel like if like there's no better way to learn more and experience than travel the fucking world. Yeah, bro. I mean it's almost like you're constantly downloading information. I was having, like the whole time I was solo traveling like Phil in the Philippines. I was like having flashbacks of my whole life constantly coming through. And it's almost like lessons from my whole life just getting put into my head. I feel when you're in one place all the time, you, you literally go stagnant and Yeah. Just like, even just like learning to operate in a place that's not safe. And yeah, like I did like a meditation retreat as well, like three days just meditating nonstop. And then the day after did like a massive mushroom shake and got fucking transported to an actual different universe. Like it's, yeah, I did a lot while solo traveling.


But I'd say the biggest thing is yeah, like learning to be by yourself. 'cause you're only ever in your own head. So if you are not a PA piece in your own head with who you are, like the outside's always gonna seem like scary, like not comfortable. Like you're, you're always gonna see the worst if you're not at peace with what's in here, I feel. Are You, are you at peace with what's in there? I'd say I, when I Got back from traveling, I was like, yeah, I'm at a point. Yeah. But it's almost like new challenges come along that I feel like always just, there's always something new. Like once, once you feel like, yeah, I'm at peace. It's always, it always seems like there's a new challenge that comes along that throws you. And I dunno if it's when like when you level up, you're, you almost like become more aware to new things that maybe challenge you in new ways. But I'm working on it.


I'm learning. I'm definitely not completely at peace though, I'd say. Yeah. I think, I think a lot of us have abandoned simplicity so much Yeah. And gone after just so much in life. And I, and I also think that for some people that internal piece comes a lot easier. Mm. Than for other people. Like, like for me personally, it's a 24 7 job. Like it actually is a job. You know, it's, I I, I've said it before on the show, I'm like, if I don't show up for that job, I might not show up for this one. Like, honestly, you know? And I, and I say that, but I still always fucking show up here no matter what. When you, when you got done with that traveling, did you feel like a, did you feel like a dopamine dump when you got back to regularity?


Because like, I, I do those long travels too. I did like 140 flights last year constantly on the road. And a lot of times when I get back to like my safe spot, my house, like I feel depressed. Yeah. And I mean a hundred percent I feel like the convenience that we have in our at home life as well actually fucks your head. Like being like whilst you're traveling and well, especially like in these More like third world countries, like everything you do is like achieving something. So where like, you can't just get in your car. You can't just get in the fridge. You can't just like get on your like nice oven and cook like, everything's like literally at your fingertips at home. I feel like that convenience actually is not good for the brain.


And I'd say that's the biggest thing, like being out and about and traveling in those, in those areas, I'd recommend solo traveling to anyone you will feel the most at peace and the most like, like you are using your brain in the most like, nourishing way through like, through doing that. And part of me just wishes I could just constantly live like that. I mean, you could. Yeah. Why not? But then you can't have committed, like, I've got a podcast, I've got my, like the, the videos and the, the business that I'm growing back at home now, now that I'm back in the YouTube scene, it's like everything's in England. Do You know what I mean? You can't, it's like you, like you can't be in the WWE and like be in fucking the Philippines wing. Do you know what I mean? It's like, no, but I can be in Puerto Rico. You can be in Puerto Rico, see Puerto Rico. But like, yeah, it's like give and take. Like you can't, You know, if you want to just live a, a pure free spirit lifestyle, like you're not gonna be able to build things.


Well Why can't you? Like, okay. For me, I've always, I've noticed that this, that there's this bourdain sized hole Mm. In the creator community. Right. And I, I think like truthfully, someone that's really after it right now is a man by the name of mash tag Brady Mate. He's killing it. He's killing it. And it's so funny too because he like came outta nowhere. Yeah. He was on TikTok. Yeah. It was always like on the hunt for the UK's best burger, like, or something like that. And then outta nowhere, I'm looking, I'm like, dude, he just keeps going, going, every Instagram account opens, got a million plus every video he's putting out is like crushing it. And it's in that, this exact vein. And by the way, fuck you Maack Brady. 'cause he gave me a shitty review. Not shitty, but not as good of a review on my burgers as he should have.


Ah, What'd he say? It was like an eight eight or something like that. Which is fine. But like I've seen the burgers that he rates above nine. They're, as you guys would say, shit, they're fucking terrible. Nice. They're like fast food, like nasty fast food burgers. But I think he's doing a good job of that kind of like always on traveling. Like he was with pirates in Somalia and shit like that. Like he's doing, like he, I think what it is is like there's some people out there that are taking real risks. Yeah. He takes real risks. I Think he is actually like, I don't give a fuck. He does not give a shit about anything Embarrassment. Like, You know, the thing, yeah. He will do anything in public anything and I feel, feel like, like he's killing that, but he won't be having like loads of other commitments if he's able to do that.


Do You know what I mean? Like, you, You know what it's like podcast every week. Like do you prerecord like multiple atti time or We do, we do like two to, we either do a two set or a four set. Yeah. It's is the forset. It's Like you can do that, but at the same time, like, You know, you can't just fuck off for six months. Like he's like, he's doing, like, he's driving the whole length of Africa and just getting in with different, like local Tribes. I gotta show you. Yeah. I gotta see this Guy. He's wild. Like no, he's, he's insane sick. But, but another thing you can't have too is like, and this is where I'm kind of at currently in my career where he was maybe three years ago. 'cause he, you started like really doing content maybe about that same amount of time before we started the podcast. Like you really started leaning in what, what like 2014 to what?


Like just always on content. Like when did you start always creating? Probably when Joe Weller made his wrestling videos. That's 27 16. No Bro, that was like 20 14, 20 15. Yeah. Around that time. Yeah. So The reason I ask is because another thing you have to sacrifice if you want to go that route, and you're probably still sacrificing right now, is life as a, a real life. Like the life that all of us have forsaken for so long to be at every podcast, to be at every event, to be at every YouTube video, to be, to be in every weird country. Th three years ago probably he made a active decision to lean into life. Like to real life. You know what I'm saying? Like, I wanna find a girl.


I wanna have kids. I wanna do these things. It's like, well, Logan. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's the thing. Like to go, like, to be where you're at now. Like when I saw you in Miami, like you were obviously smashing content. Like relentlessly and like on a, I mean, it was at a period where like you guys had all sorts of individuals on your like, private jet from certain websites. Like, that was wild. Like to now be at a point where like you are a family man, bro. Yeah. Like you are like, I know it's obviously like I'm the guest there, but I'd love to know like, how has that transition been? Because like, I'm literally, I can't imagine what it's like to be a dad and com and completely like give up. Like you're no longer, it's all about you, it's about your family. Yeah. Like, it's like almost ultimate love rather than ultimate.


Like, what's my pleasure? Like what can I do for me? Like what has that transition been like? It's a good question, man. It's been, it's, it's been probably the most rewarding pursuit of my life. Like, Falling in love is just so beautiful. Especially when it's a love so deep. You can't even describe it like we say to each other, like, I love you to infinity. 'cause there's no like really bounds to the love. Like, can't put it into words like, I'll find you in the next lifetime and the next and the next. And like that was magical in, in its on its own. And then we had, you know, a daughter and we were both ready. Like, I was ready at that point in my life to find someone and, and start a family.


And I've already always had a, a yearning to do that. I just never thought it would be possible. Like, I had literally doomed myself to bachelorhood. 'cause I just thought like, what, what, what woman is gonna like be okay with me and my lifestyle and the things I want to do? Like, I truly feel like I've just scratched the surface. And so like to find someone who challenges me, who doesn't piss me off cause problems is like conflict avert, which like historically has not been easy. Like I, I, I don't want to generalize all women, but like in my experience, it's just a lot of conflict, bro. Like, I don't want to, I don't want to have to do this.


You know, when I, when I come home, I want it to be easy. And so, yeah, to be honest, Joe, it's been incredible. And like, I achieved the impossible I think by doing something that I never thought would actually happen in my life, but that I was so ready for in starting a family. And it's been amazing. But I have a woman who really understands what I wanna do and it's, and supports me to the fullest and is a sick soundboard and tries to keep me a little level-headed here and there. Man, I'm, I'm really blessed to be honest. I can't can't really complain that Joe life's good at the moment. But, but by the way, that comes with a lot of shit every now and then.


Bro. Wait minute what you mean? Just, I Got a lot really high highs. I also have a lot of really low lows. Yours have been extremely, like, specific to your life. Do You know what I'm saying? They're not, they're not, they're not things that anyone that Anyone knows. No, it's, they're, it's so, I'm sorry, I thought you meant we're talking about at relationships in general. You're talking about your, your specific Sorry, not my relationship. Yeah, no, I'm, I'm sorry. You're talking about, I'm talking about my life. Like, like the blessing of my relationship will be equally met with a, a very low, low at some point unrelated to the relationship. Most likely. Or maybe like, I, it's, dude, I I I'm constantly reminded that life is really all about balance and I feel like everything just, You know, energy can either be created nor destroyed.


And like, I'm just trying to cherish the good moments. 'cause I know there will be a time when things aren't so good and I don't know what it looks like, but like, when things are positive, make sure you're appreciating those moments. A million percent. I think like being able to allow the enjoyment rather than like waiting for what's on the horizon that I need to be prepared for. Like, it'll steal your piece like it will every time. But, but I do, I you'd probably do that to, I do that too. 1000000%. I've been, I've been, wait, I've spent my entire life waiting for the other shoe to drop my entire life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's never been a day where I was like, oh shit, I have a bestselling fucking book. I have this six. It's always like, but what if this happens? What if that happens? Like, and that is the worst possible mindset to have.


And like, I guess that's a good question for you. 'cause I know he does it. Mm. His relationship, his child, his family, everything that he has right now, he manifested all of this. He, he, he, he, he knew he was gonna be, he manifested being the biggest entertainer. He manifested all of it. Not always specifically or exactly. Mm. But a generalization of, I am going to be this, I'm going to have this something I've been notoriously terrible at and which is why I live very hour to hour, minute to minute. How are you in that aspect? Are you in a place right now in your life where you're able to manifest that positivity? Bro? I'd say I just speak to God every single day.


I'd say that's the biggest, like, I've tried so many different ways to try and get myself like the momentum of, you know, like you say, manifesting and like, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. Like, and it's like, only when, like this winter I've gone, You know what? I don't have it all figured out. I don't know what's best for me. And I completely surrendered to God's plan for me ever since doing that. Like, shit's just started fucking clicking. Mm. Like I've rebuilt relationships. I'm playing at fucking Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Oh yeah. Like, you know, stuff I've been doing with the Simon Boys, like getting back with, You know, launching my own podcast again. Like the vision of how I wanna move forward with my career. It's like, it's kind of just downloaded piece by piece and it's, yeah.


Whether that's one big placebo effect, I don't know. But I, I believe in God and I feel like that's, that's the biggest thing that's sort of impacted me in recent time. I feel that so strongly. The manifestation he's talking about has evolved now in my adult life to, to talking to God. Yeah. I was gonna ask you like at least, 'cause at least for me, man, I feel like, I feel like I like heard, I feel so heard. Yeah. Sometimes. And I, I went from not really knowing what to do with an abundance of gratitude because like, dude, I will look around and I'll be like, I mean, I think all of us in this room, we got, we're we're we got, You know, good lives. Yeah. We got really good lives, bro.


For Sure. Holy shit, bro. Bro, we're we're pretty lucky for Sure, dude. And so it's like, I, I feel like to vocalize that gratitude is really fucking important. And I recently just started to like, ask for stuff I didn't before, but, You know, I think George actually was like, oh, like, like ask, like you ask and you shall receive. I was like, all right, I'll give it a shot. So I started asking for, for, for, for stuff. And man, it all is like happening and I feel like so heard by God creator, a universe, like whatever it is, like I don't think it's placebo. Yeah. I it feels very real. Yeah. I mean, I, the, the way I say it, like I, I try to not be like, like I want, can you do this for me?


I say like, if it is your will, let it happen. I am ready. Like, You know what I mean? Shallow? Yeah, yeah. Do You know what I mean? Because like, I know it can easily get to like, please do this for me. I want this can like, like can I have this? And it's like that. I feel like that's a very, it's not the right energy like to be putting out, but yeah, like as in like the guidance to be aligned with, with that, which you want to pursue. Because I feel like that thing, like the things that you are wanting to manifest right there, I don't, they don't come from nowhere. And I wonder if like, there's an element of like the things that you actually feel like deep in your gut that you desire. Mm. Like who's putting them there? Is that part of the purpose of why you've been put here and do You know what I mean? Like, I often think like, is that, is there, You know, for me it's like the ultimate feeling of that gut instinct of like, I, this is made for me and this is what I should go and do.


Like, I wonder if that is God, that's a way in which like, he communicates to us. But yeah, I, I mean, I recently had on my podcast someone that's an absolute atheist and thinks that we're all fucking mental for believing, believing in God. Like, so does that mean they're, you know, but they're getting blessed in ways. They're, they're, yeah. Still experiencing these things a lot times they come around. So I'm just sort of like, and he used to be a, You know, a Catholic and, and into all of that stuff. Interesting. And now he's completely against it, but he's thriving more than ever. So like, Yeah. Yeah. It's like, yeah. It's, yeah. It is so Interesting. Is it gonna happen anyway? Like, Whether you It Is, it is weird. There's so many, like, so many perspectives that you can put on Things. I think that's the thing. It's perspective, bro. Everyone has their own like, individual experience and if, if something's working for you or making you feel good, do it.


Yeah. You know? And if it's good for, honestly, if it's like innately good for someone else too, like that's, that's like, that's like the core lead for me in life is like, what things can I be doing that like somehow help someone else? Because those make me feel good. And I, and I, and truthfully, I haven't done enough. And like you say, just barely scratching the surface of it, but like, The world can definitely be a little bit nicer to one another probably. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's just probably, it's a wild. What do you, what do you make of the direction of social media right now? Are you on the website formally known as Twitter? Not particularly because it is just like porn in it. Like it's porn, it's fucking people.


Porn, violence, fucking Murdered. It's just like, it's just shit that I don't think is good to be exposed to all the time. Like, bro, what looking at that fucking cheap dopamine can do for your brain is actually scary. Like, like your explore page on Instagram. Like, you look at one female and boom, your targeted by like, all sorts. And I just feel like it's poison, man. Like it's, it's actually fucking poison. We, we have this conversation a lot in this show of net positive versus net negative social media. I've always been an incredibly net negative person on social media. Now, me personally, for my life, shit, I love social media, You know what I'm saying? But for the average user out there, I say to people all the time, if you are not either pursuing the idea of or actively making money on social media Yeah.


Or, or, or God bless the very, You know, seemingly minute amount of people out there who are making an impact on social media, meaning helping people. You're in the wrong place. It's not a good place to just be fucking hanging out all day. Yeah. Consuming this bullshit. Everybody's all of a sudden a, a expert or extremely interested in the nasty world of politics and Right. Versus left wing, this and, You know, immigration and all this stuff. Dude, you, you work in HVAC and it's a very noble position and everyone in Tuscaloosa needs their venting done. But I really don't think you, You know what you're fucking talking about as it pertains to the geopolitical theater and warfare that exists within it.


Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. You know, Gary. Okay. Like, that's not a dis to you. It's simply me saying that your time is better spent doing something that you are extremely good at. I think everyone, even like, dude, you look at everyone, Joe Rogan, even like any of these Elon, Elon go make rockets. I don't, I like, I love, i, I love the idea of government efficiency, but it's just crazy to me that like everyone all of a sudden does everything. Yeah. Why? Because there used to be, we, we somehow got convinced that we cannot trust experts, all of them. Right? Yeah. The idea of experts. Well, Mike, come on the, I No, I know what you're gonna say in the proof.


No, you don't. Okay, good. They've let us down a lot. Okay. True. And they've, and they've done the opposite of letting us down a lot more. Okay. And so, like, if you simply always call out the faults of the scientific community, then of, then of course you're gonna forget about the fact that they are, they, they are saving 99 times more lives than they're they're taking out now. Of course there's negative sides, there's big pharma, there's corporations, there's all kinds of shit that goes on with the government and stuff like that. Sure. Call that out. Yeah. But I think we've, I think people have gotten obsessed to a point where they're unable to activate in their own lives and, and are not doing what they have to do to, to, to do, if you're spending four hours a day on your phone talking about the price of eggs, I think it's hurting you more than what those four hours could have done for you to help you buy more eggs.


Does that make sense? I hear you. I hear you. Like you're, you're the opportunity cost for people being online all day is way too high. I hear what you're saying. Way too high, Bro. I think it comes back to caveman times, right? We are meant to only really be in like communities of about 15 people. Right. Maybe 30 fucking Maybe 37. Right, right, right. Yeah. But fucking like going online and being exposed to that much shit so much. I, I just feel like overall, you're right. It's detrimental. Detrimental. And It overwhelms. And it can be like the comparison thieving our joy, like the fucking getting engaged with people that we, like, we shouldn't even be talking like seeing shit. Like, you can see like relationships and, and You know, men or women and compare your family or your partner to these people subconsciously.


And it may, do You know what I mean? I feel like there's so many different elements on, on social media that we expose ourselves to that actually just like, fuck us. But we get addicted to it. It's a little like dopamine hit every time. I love That dopamine Hit fellow. It fucking, it's quality in it, bro. It's so great. I love it. But it's So bad. No, it's horrible. Bad. And do you what so bad? Do I know Why? I do. I know why I get it a little bit more innately than a lot of other people because I lived, I'm one of the last to have lived in a world where that simply did not exist. You know what I'm saying? So like I can see in my own timeline in my life how destructive that has been to my mental health. If you, if you have the mental health of a social media user Yeah. But you have no pre-social media life to compare it to.


Yeah. You only know anxiety, stress, yeah. Comparison, you know, all murder fucking porn. Yeah. That's all, you know, like these 16, 18-year-old kids, they grew up with an iPad or an iPhone in their hand. They don't know what it's like to just go out with your homies and ride a bike and not worry about how your bike is different than the person on Instagram who posted their bike with better pegs and better handle bars and all that shit. They don't know what that's like. I remember life before it was this fucking rat race dude. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And so I, I, I innately know and, and so intensely know how bad this is for The world. I just know it for a fact. It Is, it is horrible. And so I think the, the more people can stay off their phones, the more people, the more people can lock into the things that actually can make them money or feel good or passion in their lives, the, the better.


I think it, I think it is a massive net negative for The world. So you'd get rid of it if you could. Like if I, If if I could. Nah, because then you go broke. That's the problem for, for me, for me, which is what I, for Us, the liberation that we have to now deal the issue is, is that like, you know, we can use it in ways that is so positive. Like being able to reach and communicate with people like all around The world. Not who we are as people. Fucking hell. Not who we are as people. Unfortunately, It's still not true. It's not, humans are not naturally, humans are selfish beings. Humans are very selfish fucking beings. Okay. And so, and, and, and stuck in their ways. And it, it's not, it's not natural for someone to wanna go out and say, Hey, I know there's someone watching this episode right now that feels the anxiety that I feel today and I want, and I wanna talk to you about it.


That's not a natural. It took me a long time to get vulnerable and talk about heroin addiction and talk about fucking not wanting to be here some days and all of these things. Right. It's much more likely that people are going, are going to boast themselves up big themselves up. Talk about the things that make them money. It's, it's just, it's, it's unnatural for humans to just wanna always be helping each other. It's just not Helping each other. Yeah. But as in like, there are certain people that just like wear their heart on their sleeve, right? So as in like, talking about certain things actually is helps them. So as in like being open and vulnerable about, say for example, like me, if my mental health, it really helps me to talk about it. Of course other people would like to, to open up about that shit. It's fucking hard. What do you think, do you think, what do you think is the representative percentage of people currently on social media that are wearing their hearts on their sleeves versus telling some insanely facetious lie about how great their lives are?


I reckon 99.9%. Do You know what I'm saying? A load of bullshit to to yeah. To go here's my ID the idyllic thing that you want. And it's like, yeah. As in like people wanna look at that shit and it gets views and it gets clicked. 'cause it's this fantasy, but it's not real. But people are looking this at this thing on their phone. There's a fantasy that's fiction and comparing their real life to fiction. Do You see these stream? Fuck Do you see these stream, these kids that watch streams? These streamers make money, don't get me wrong, but I see a post every day about, You know, this streamer made $78 million last year. No, they didn't. And, and Now I see kids on, I see kids under the post that they made $78 million last this year or last year. And it says, that's it. What? I thought it would've been more than that.


Like people are really, in my mind, really losing a connection with reality. I think reality is becoming so blurred and so such a gray area that like, it's hard to really tell what's truth, who to listen to, what to think about anything anymore. You and, and guess what, like what I'm saying is social media just continues to blur that. Yeah. The only reality here in this room with our phones off looking and talking to each other, that's it. Mm. Because everyone's also trying to sell you something. Like, it's all just like consuming. Right. Do do you think, do you think the people on X are really concerned with What I said? Yeah. During Prime. Yeah. Lit. Literally. Obviously. Yeah. It is class. I do love Prime. But like, everything, like even if someone's being vulnerable, it's like, yeah, but lowkey, what's the, what's the, what's the, do You, there's a dude named Jackson Henkel on X.


He's, he's like the most out like outspoken Israeli, You know, per person that's saying like, Israel does everything wrong, so on and so forth. Do you think that he's like, re he like, this dude is the most white bred, college bred American man to ever exist. You see him and you're just like, this dude would play lacrosse, get drunk and fight someone at the bar. He's literally at Syrian funerals throwing his fists up with like, with like Arab men for the a against America. Now, do you think he really believes that? Or do you think he loves the ad money he gets in the $3. He sells him premium subscriptions every time he sells a premium Subscription. I think we wanna know the answer to that. Do you know what I'm saying Now?


Now that it's so easy to make money on social media. It's gonna, it's basically like whatever's gonna make me the most money, I'm gonna fucking go for that. And You know what? Promote that. Do you wanna know what makes the most money right now? Well, hate hate. Oh yeah. Hate is the mo is the biggest commodity in The world right now. If you sell hate, you are a rich per, and it's so funny because I get, both of us get made fun of all the time for being fence sitters. People that go along with the narrative. Because we don't pick a side and say, we're right and we hate you. We hate you, you're disgusting, you're fat. An OnlyFans whore, a Jew. All that stuff you wanna know. The fucked up thing about is what they make 10 times more money than us as far as content's concerned. 10 times more. Hate is so monetized right now.


If you are full left wing or full right wing, you're making so much more money than people that play the middle. You just are, dude, Money just is the root of evil. A Hundred percent. But it just fucking is like, if you're trying to like, realistically, like no one actually needs to buy anything and no one needs to actually really like, like money's a made up thing, right? And the shit that we do in order to like try and get this, this fucking money, like if you wouldn't do it without getting that money, I'm like, why are you like, I don't believe you should actually really be doing it. Like, that's actually why I believe. And I feel like that's an element of why I did like, went and did the solo traveling shit. Just like back to fucking basics and really like realizing like, what actually does like fulfill us? 'cause I don I don't think anyone will be truly fulfilled by just fucking money.


Like genuine. It's Impossible. Like, yeah. Impossible. I think there's a lot of nuance to a lot of things I think like that's often forgot because the, the ability to understand nuance is a bit of like a evolved thought process. I I think like, like, like I said, not that long ago, a lot of this stuff in life in general is about balance. So for every selfish person you have, you may have an equal but opposite generous person. For every person who believes something about Israel is someone on the opposite side. Yep. Like, it, it, it all, it always just seems to come like, like overall back like full circle and the ability to like live in that middle ground where you can understand both sides and hear perspectives and not jump to one seems to be an uncommon perspective these days.


Right. Because it's hard. It's like hard hate is easy Dude. So easy hate Is so easy. Headline, bro. It's, it's a, it's a headline. It's so easy to go in the comment section. And by the way, there's three other people who think your same thought. So your little echo chamber like makes you feel like you're a part of a, a gang. And your, your thoughts aren't that uncommon. But That's a huge, unfortunately that's a huge part of it too. No, the comradery. Yeah. You feel like you're a part, like we all hate this person together. Let's fucking Go. We wanna be part of something. Yeah. We wanna feel like we're in a group where like it's, that's again back to the cavemen thing, bro. Like, it is like, you wanna be part of the herd. You as in you wanna be part of the pack, You know? So. Yeah. Yeah. But Have, but have you noticed that people that have, have you ever noticed that people that have real life camaraderie, friendships, businesses, the people that are doing a lot of like real stuff in this world, generally are able to understand and, and deal in nuance better than, than people that don't have that.


Because they already have that camaraderie. They don't need to go and say some fucked up one, one-sided shit to get a clan. They've already got a clan. So they say, okay, I'm secure in my clan in real life. I've got my friends, my family, whatever. Oh. So I'm gonna now go and look at both sides of an argument and, and see the good in both sides or bad in both sides. Oh, Emily, if you are like, if you're at peace with yourself, if you're happy in your real life, you ain't projecting shit and hate onto others. Especially on fucking online. That's why X is, that's why X is the most unhappy app. Yeah. It's just, It's it's weird. It's weird. I don't really engage with it too much if I'm honest. Like, I don't really, I don't, I just don't look at it too much. Like, more than anything. I, I actually really wanna talk about wrestling if I'm too.


Me too. It let's wanna talk about wrestling. Me too, bro. Let, let me start, let me start, dude. Yeah, go. Alright bro. Thank you. Thank you. You inspired the shit outta me, Joe, bro. Bro, you're wrestling videos back in the day. I mean, I know You know this 'cause this was when we first started talking I think like on, on Twitter. Yeah. We would DM each other and I was like, I was like, dude, like these videos I made one of my own. And 'cause you would, you would, you would do moves wrestling moves on these girls into the pool. Yeah. With with the That's right. The audio of WW track. Yeah. Under it. And they went crazy viral. And I remember watching 'em at like, man, I was 19 years old maybe. I was like, this guy's hilarious.


This is crazy. I'm gonna try one of these. Yeah. So I did the RKO to Randy Orton in the pool. And then fast forward a decade later, bro, like again, you started something that has, I owe you, I owe you money. I'm sure like from, to do it from influencer boxing to rest. Professional wrestling, bro. God damn. Cut in. He wants 2%. That's crazy man. Let's do it. But no mate, it's crazy because like back then, so I went to a WrestleMania. Paul Hayman was like, I love your video, that swimming pool one. He's like, come along, let's make another one. No way. And I'll get you in at WrestleMania. You can stay in the, the WWE hotel. Fucking Triple H kicked me out. What? He was like, he was this fucking YouTuber.


Get outta here. They were so not like open to the whole W YouTube stuff back then. Wait. And he was, he was probably a, a wrestler? No. Was he, was he like a a I think he was still Ooh, Like a executive ish position. Yeah, He was, he was that I think he was still wrestling, but it was like, it was just a very much like, who the fuck's this YouTube I get like distance. There was no embracing of it back at at that point. Well that's just now Paul Haman got it. Paul Hayman got it. And he made like a video. Like we made Brock Lesner like say fuck you Joe. And like, oh my God. Yeah. All this shit. Shit. Oh God. It was, it was sick. But like, yeah. I only, I, I often think, I was like, imagine if what, what the social media world is doing right now.


Imagine if that was just like five years before what could have been possible. Because like yeah, like you say like those, those videos, they fucking banged. They Crushed. They were so good, man. Yeah man. They were sick. Were you just tossing these? Like why did you decide to do that? Just wrestling fan? Well, yeah, like I love, I love doing the wrestling moves. I'd done like wrestling moves. Was that the first one? I don't even, I don dunno. I know I'd done it like on my friends in public. Like I, I would take the idea, like the idea behind those videos is take like co a couple of concepts and like put them together. Yeah. So I'd do like Ronaldo, like I did, got dressed up as Christo Ronaldo makeup done professionally. And 'cause he was the biggest athlete at the time in The world. And public videos are banging. So I did Christiana Ronaldo picking up girls in public and I thought, well, that, that banged let me do the girl thing.


But wrestling moves 'cause that's also a bit outrageous. Yeah, Yeah. And it fucking, like, you put the two together and it just, it just works it, You know what I mean? So Yeah. But I, I love wrestling, man. Like, I'd, I'd love to be in your position. Like Why not? Why don't you do it? Because, I don't know, maybe I'm not Well I'm definitely not like as popping as you are like right now. And I think there's, there's speed. There's like Kai Sinat and you probably in the wwe, out the influencer world. It Does, it doesn't matter if you can wrestle, you could wrestle Well yeah. If you have skills that's undeniable. Hey. That's how you pay him back. Just saying that's how you pay him back. Get him in. Get him into a match. Dude. Logan Pool versus Joe. Well, at WrestleMania here we fucking, it's happening.


Oh dude. Right. You know, you want it Pool. Jake pool. Imagine that. Any of the pools, bro, Any of the pool. Are you coming to the London event? I believe so. Yeah. Yeah. I will be. You have to. I'll see you in the ring. Hell yeah. Joe, I'm cusing the money in the brain. Are you following now, Bro? Yeah. Like since Netflix, it's like, you can see that everyone's fucking gassed. Everyone's going up a level. Like I listened to your Michael Cole podcast. Yeah. He's listening to of people did about all of that stuff. Like, mate, it's just so cool. Like, I love hearing about the behind the scenes of how, how it all works. Like, You know, as a massive wrestling fan. Like just you see what's on screen and you see like, okay, if this, if this is like, You know, choreographed or whatever, to an extent, these guys seem like they absolutely hate each other.


So how are they knocking the hell out of each other and not losing their head and not giving each other receipts and stuff. True. That Ray Mysterio fucking thing where he almost landed on his head and you caught him. Oh, he saved his life. You saved his life. I, no, I actually, I'm gonna flip that narrative. I almost killed him. It was your Fault. Yes. What? I think so, yeah. How it partially his fault as well, dog. He's getting old. He didn't jump as far as I thought he would. He said he was going for a move. Bullshit. So I caught him 'cause he was gonna fucking die. Caught his ass. Encountered his ass. No, it's, it's, it's fascinating, Joe. I came from, I came from like the outside world obviously, and I didn't fully understand wrestling. And now that I'm in it, I have so much appreciation and respect for the depth of this business.


Right. People have no, people have no idea. No idea. It's the behind the scenes is the craziest first off group of people. Mm. You can imagine everyone's a character because if they're working and they're not wrestling, it's 'cause they used to wrestle, which means they have these huge personalities. Or in case of like Stew Cameraman six, CEO of camera six. Right. He was never good enough to be a wrestler, You know? Right. So As well, like that ring. Right. 'cause a lot of people go, oh, wrestling is 'cause it's like fake. Ah, it doesn't hurt. Like, bro, I did a training day at a ring, just running the ropes whole entire fucking ribs bruised to shit. It's horrible.


That's just fucking leaning on the ropes. Running to another one. Leaning on the ropes, the mat. It's just wood. Yeah, it's wood. And it's just, it's just pure, like con like how they're not concussed brother. Just constantly. It's horrible. I'm literally like, do you think like, is this causing long-term damage doing this? Or know? You, you just not think about that. Don't Know. I, oh, for me personally, it's definitely a concern. But that's why technique is so important, right? You, you gotta, you gotta take the bump a certain way. Tuck the chin, Go slap the Yeah. Tuck the chin, chin, the tuck, the chin. Like I, I I, I've, I've gone through all of it. You didn't tuck the chin one time. Ah, fuck yeah. On a big Move on his biggest move ever. Yeah. That double close line. I I, I didn't even take into landing into account at all.


Ricochet just got smoked, bro. The phenomenon you're describing of the, the hardness of the mat. I remember so vividly coming into my first WWE e session. I was working with Mike, the Miz, and I, and I, I'm touching the mat. I'm like, this is crazy. So like, is the bouncy one during the actual match? And he goes, no dude, this is the ring. This is the, like, it's the same ring. And I'm like, yeah, but on TV they, it's like bouncy, right? Like, how are you guys landing like that? He's like, no dude. And by the way, every celebrity that I see come in there in there doing a match or like doing a spot or whatever. Same shit. They, same reaction every, so they feel the edge of the mat. They're like, bro, this isn't even fucking moving.


And I'm like, yeah, man. Been there. And the chairs. Yeah, I, they show me the metal chair. I said, okay, so like, where's a fake, where's the plastic chair? No plastic fucking chair dog. Kevin Owens and Sammy Zane. Yeah. That matched, that had an elimination chamber. Oh my God. In the, in the barbed wire. Yeah. Around the, around the chair. Yeah. That was real fucking barbed wire. I felt it beforehand. I saw the chair. I was like, No way. This is tap, tap, tap. It's sharp. It's insane, dude. That's why like, fake is not the word. No, it's just not the word. I, I, I I hear the critique. But John Cena told me once. Yeah. He said before he turned heel and everyone liked him and I liked him too, but Now I don't anymore.


He said, he said, if someone tells me or says to me like, makes a comment about wrestling being fake, it just tells me they don't know anything about wrestling. Right. Right. Yeah. And that's not an issue. If you, if it's not, if you don't know anything, like ignorance is, I can't imagine That. I think there's more a different word. I think people are coming a more, becoming more educated as to what it is. Fake is not the word. No. Also took a bump. Yeah. You got in there. It's whole, it's insane. And the, the only reason I made it through it, me and Georgie, is because the one thing that happens when you're in there is you're, you're, it's pure adrenaline. Yeah. So, so like, right. So like, it's like anything could happen to you. And like, I feel like some of these guys get up and they don't even know that their arm is hanging off.


Like, you wouldn't even know because you're so fueled up on the fact that there's 60,000 people watching you get kicked in the face. Like I was asking the entire bloodline, like going into our, into the, what's it called again? The spot, the golden gem, the Saudi crown, crown jewel, crown jewel going in the crown jewel event. I'm like, how do you do this? They're like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna pull you over. You know, we discussed everything that was gonna happen. And I'm like, how do I get, how do I properly get kicked in the face? Like, how does that happen? Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. And he's like, he's like, nah, nah, nah, don't, nah, nah, don't, don't even, don't worry about it. And I'm like, no, but I like, how do I get kicked in the fucking face, bro?


Yeah. And he's like, trust me when it happens, you'll get it. And dude, I've obviously looked like a rock. It worked. No, you nailed it. You nailed it. It worked for me as like a funny human. It worked and Georgie did a even better job. But in reality you just simply get kicked in the face. Like there no other gonna, you's no other You catch shots though. Yeah. It's fucked. And then you just hit the ground as hard as you could ever imagine. And it's just like falling onto Aly a hardwood floor. And then you, you, but you're, you don't feel it until 22 minutes later. Right. You know what I'm saying? Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck man. Because like, I've always watched it and just thought like, surely like when Batista is doing a Batista bomb that hard, like surely please not actually doing that on like, but like anyone that I've spoken to, it's like, yeah, that, that is just what it, It's a hardwood floor.


Take that shit. And yeah. And you, I think to his point, as you go on, you, you just get so much better at the technique you pro there's probably like little tiny, almost areas that you're landing specifically on where you're evenly distributing weight between your shoulder, your forearm, your butt. You know what I'm saying? And like for me, obviously it was just a straight shot. But Like, regarding technique, like would you say that you can judge like good technique, like you could see someone like wrestle and be like, that's good or that's bad For Sure. Just from watching for Sure. Okay. Well can I show you a little something? Yeah. Yes. We can. We can send this to you guys and we can put this on screen. Yes. If you like. Obviously I have a Christmas, I made a little, a little TikTok, right? Called POV. Your cousin is over for Christmas.


Right. I just wanna see what you think of this. Oh, it's the signal Gonna be, oh Shit. It's the Signal gonna shit signaling. Oh, classic signal show. I'll just get out. Happens to all of us. You may, we may have to maybe let it buffer or something first. That's Good. I'll got It. But also just show us 'cause we're gonna put it out on the screen. Yeah. So you don't have to show them. Oh, that's true. Classic scenario right here. Just bad service. Alright. Bone. Right. I saw this. Oh, I actually remember seeing this Payback time. Oh Bro, why don't you wrestle? Oh, the wreath strike.


Well, this is amazing pedigree. Who's, Is that your cousin? No, it's my friend Elliot. Would You consider sending that to Triple H Bro? Triple H. This is amazing. It's amazing. Oh, Like a bras knuckles. I Got the dust. Oh my God. Hitting head with the dust bear. Bro. We fucked this move though. This is, that's A broken neck. He's dead. No, he is actually dead. It's amazing. Wrestle. Yeah. You're in, you're in, dude. You're in fucking Stacked it.


But yeah, man, like, I don't understand. Why don't you wrestle? I Would love to. I genuinely would love to. So it's, I dunno whether I, I had the thought of doing like, the indie circuit and doing it like the respectful way. Yeah, yeah. And like documenting that. And then hopefully one day WWE are like, fucking hell. You're you're killing it in this indie seat, indie scene. Let's get you in. But yeah, man, I'd, I'd love to. I'd honestly love to, dude, If you, if you trained, there's no reason why you couldn't do it. Mm. Especially 'cause you have a social following. Mm. And and you can talk. Mm. Bro. That's the, I think I'd be a good hill. You would. That's the thing a lot of these wrestlers don't have is the ability to speak on the mic. Mm. That's, that seems to be the, the magic part of wrestling.


Yeah. Where, where, where your character takes it to that next level. How do you feel being a hill? Because like, I feel like Best Thing ever No, but at first everyone booing you like that. I could see in your eyes. You're like, ah, It Bothered me. Can can, Why didn't you like me? Yeah. It Bothered me. Yeah. It Bothered me. I remember, I remember there's a guy named Bruce Pritchard, right? I don't know if You know him. Nope. He's WW executive. He's been around forever. Okay. Legend. Yeah. He's in every WW documentary you've ever seen. He's saying something about something at some point. Right. Went to Cleveland. I was in Cleveland. I had a thing there. Walked out, everyone fucking booed me. In his hometown. In my hometown. I went backstage to Bruce. I was like, he was crying. I go, did they understand that I could get outta that ring and pull any single one of them out and beat the fucking shit.


Even the 10 year olds, like anyone, any of any age and gender or form. I was pissed. It hurt my feelings. The out I Got booed in my hometown. And then he made a comment about Cleveland. He is like, well, you know, it is Cleveland. Like, like no one wants, what is this place? And that offended me. I was set. And then something happened where a flip was switched when I realized how much power there was in being able to puppeteer. Yeah. And really artfully essentially like manipulate the crowd to play on the exact emotion you want them to feel. Or not, by the way. 'cause it's a dance.


And sometimes they're fucking with me and they're, they're, they're booing me out of the building. It's sometimes harder to get through my promos. Other times I, IIII diss one of their favorite superstars. Or the city in general. Like, I found so much pleasure in it. And truthfully at this point, I can never imagine being a baby face. I have no interest in it, really. I am, I am in my pocket out there at the moment. Okay. I love it. No, you can see that you, you like, now you fucking, the way you have them in the palm of your hand. Oh. The way, it's almost a bit like, like seeing Dominic Mysteria, like do it as well. It's kind of like, you can see like now this level of almost like control that I have. Fuck me. This is feeding me way more than if I was just trying to be everyone's like nice guy.


It does. You know what I mean? I feel like the nice guy thing. It's a little bit limiting. I feel like Cody Rhodes is limited by being a nice guy, but Oh dude, dude, if he ever turns heel, can you imagine? I'd Think it would be Incredible. It would be amazing, dude. Like selfishly I liked, I liked the the Cena heel turn for that, for that reason As well. I love that. I mean seeing like John Cena do it. Like how did, how did you feel about that? Like seeing that? How'd you feel about it? I I felt like it was coming. You did? I felt like it was coming. I felt like the way he was acting in these press conferences and the way he was towards royal, the royal rumble, it was almost like he was purposefully coming, being not cringe, but it was like overdramatizing something.


It just, something felt like he's about to switch. Interesting. Something's about to change. And then when he did that, it was like, right. Interesting. And I Love it. I actually love it because it's showing his ability to not just be that nice guy that fucking like American hero, You know? I, I, I really like it. And I think for, if it's his final year, like fuck yeah. Like, I Love it, man. It's, it's almost a shame. 'cause it's like, I kind of wish we had more than just his last year Yeah. Of being a heel. Seeing a heel man. The possibilities are endless. I, You know, like it was cool to see him come to what I call the bright side. Right. And join us here on the, on the villain side of things. I did not, I did not see that coming at all. I didn't, I didn't read that writing on the wall like that.


I, he just backs stabbed me. And so I basically was like, fuck you. And like I knew he was a SNAKE, but I didn't think he was gonna SNAKE the whole WWE audience. Oh my God. Yeah. And do like, as obviously technically you're all on the same team. Do You know what's about to happen? Or does it just happen in you? Surprised No. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I don't, yeah bro, I'm, I'm, this is the best part about it. We watch as a, as fans really in real time. I'm not along for the ride like everyone else. It's sick, bro. That's product's good. Right. How, How long are, are you doing this just indefinitely? Is this like, is this you now? Yeah. For now. You're A WW Superstar. Yeah. Yeah, for Now. I sick. Yeah. It's cool, bro. And you are into, you wanna go like right to the top, like, is that Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I think you, you've got everything.


Like you've got, you've literally got everything, like the moves that you are pulling off like already, bro. Like, I Think I Got it. I think I Got a check. I think I Got be smarter though because Yeah. I, I agree with that because I think I heard the undertakers telling you that you are setting the bar for your performance and what people are gonna expect very high and very high risk. Yeah. And it's like, how do you reign that in? Because like Stone called Steve Austin was so successful, but it didn't, his moves weren't overly high risk. And he obviously, his personality shun through. Like, do you plan on making the moves less? That's the important thing. And more maybe your personality on the mic or like, My my intelligent answer is Yeah, for Sure.


I'm gonna pull back a little bit. My realistic answer is no. No. Because I Can imagine you're addicted to that fucking feeling of like, I've just done something insane. Yeah. And our place has gone crazy. It's all over social media. Yeah. Like everyone goes nuts whenever you do it, Bro. It's about moments. Yeah. It's about moments. And, and I'll have really like, heavy, detailed in depth story moments. I will. Yeah. But the moves are so sick. They're so sick, bro. Like hitting a move that hasn't been done in the WWE before, bro. I can feel my balls dragging on the floor though. You gotta have big balls for some of those moves. And I can, I'm capable.


I'm capable. And that's, that's the thing. I go, I go in my head, I go, I know I can do this physically. Mm. I thrive under the pressure. Mm. If not me, who else? 'cause there will be someone else that'll do it, but I'd like to be the first You think speed is gonna wrestle? I think he should. I Think he should as well. I Think he should. Because like, that's what you saying, that if someone else, You know, he, he's that's someone else that's athletic as hell that could come in. And if you're not willing to do these crazy moves, he might No, He's got bigger balls than me. You reckon? I do. You Reckon he is gonna do crazier moves? Yeah. Yeah. And when I saw him jump those two supercar. Yeah, bro.


What the fuck, bro? What? Yeah. Like at you? What The fuck? No, I, I think he's the first person like in history to actually do that. I've done it on a vlog, but it, I was standing to by the, to the side of the car. Like Kobe did it. Yeah. Like we, we all like, it wasn't real Mm. Speed. Actually did it when I saw him do that, bro. I was like, yo, this, this kid is operating on like, another level and, and I think he's in some ways more athletic than me as well. And he can talk, man, if he, if he wanted to be the biggest WW superstar he could. Yeah. Like a million. But he want, but he's, he's killing it, bro.


He could do anything. He could do anything and he'll be fine. But like, do you not think all of us a little bit like, 'cause We can do anything. Like, look, most of us, like jj, you have seen Jake like me, like we've dipped our toes in so many different things that it's like, do you feel like you want to actually do everything? Or like, Not Not anymore. Not anymore. I was kind of, I was kind of experimenting a little bit, You know, it's like, like I, I think people should go out and do a lot and if they find something that clicks run with it. At 20 seven years old was doing WrestleMania came back to the locker room and something clicked and I went, oh, this Is it. Oh man. After my first WrestleMania I came backstage and, and I'm still, I was still like, I didn't know shit at the time.


And Vince McMahon is like freaking out and he's, he's shakes my head. He's like, you're a future is here. And I'm like, okay buddy. Like, we'll see about that dude. Thanks. That was fun. Thank like, cool. Yeah. And then, You know, three, four years later, I'm like, oh, I see what he meant. Like Now I get it now. He was right. He saw, he saw something that I didn't Yeah. Even realize until two, three years in. I was like, oh shit. I think I'm meant for this. Yes. I'm just gonna fucking run it. Yeah. Keep going. Right. It's, it is unreal seeing what you're doing. Like See you in London, bro. On the 30th. Th wait, so you're wrestling There? I don't think I'm, I don't know because On WrestleMania documentaries I've seen that like, oh yeah.


Today they've decided that like, oh yeah, undertaker's gonna lose his streak today. Yes. Yes. On WrestleMania Day. Yes. Day under what? Because because you have to understand the WWE E is a living, breathing organism. Right. And, and a big if not all of that organism, the whole part is the audience. The audience. What do they want? What do you think they don't want? What will they expect? What won't they expect? You gotta adapt, you gotta roll with the punches and, and the ability to do that every Monday and every Friday on SmackDown and raw, and then you sprinkle in your Saturday les and the live events, the WW is a very well organized machine and you have to be able to pivot Yeah.


And, and move on the fly. It's in, it's, it's insane. And, and, and I mean this wholeheartedly, and it's unfortunate. I don't think the scope of WWE e and the depth and complexity of the work that is going into this company will ever fully be realized. Ever. I I I think it's impossible to understand by any lay human. Yeah. I mean sit, like the way it's lasted so long. It's got, it's got to be more than just guys getting in a ring wrestling about, You know, people Have no idea. It's, it's, it's the reason. It's a top 10 subscribed YouTube channel. What the fuck? It's a, the, it's one of the biggest media conglomerates in the entire world.


What do we even man, it's the best job ever. I'll be honest. You gotta wrestle Joe. Gotta get in there brother. Triple threat match. Let's get Another mattress. Iny circuit, indie circuit. Let's Fucking go, bro. Let's do it. Alright, let's, in a year's time I'll see you on NXT. Let's Fucking go, bro. Will I see you in the Simon Charity match? Yes. I wanted to ask you about that. Are you, you're playing right? Yeah. Fuck yeah. Do you play Football? No. No. You're On my team. No, you played football. You were on No, I played, I played. Oh, I played American football. Yeah. Shit. No, But you never played soccer. Soccer? No. You Never played? No, No. I mean, I played when I was younger, I scored seven goals in my first game. Oh shit. You were good then.


Well, I was six. Oh Yeah. But he's a a you're an athlete. You'll, you'll get it bro. Trust me. I'll kick that fucking ball into the net. How hard could it be? Dude? We should do like a, a Celebration. Like if we score, oh, It Should be like a, some sort of move. That's Such a good idea. Let's think about that body slam each other. Like you can fucking suplex me onto the pitch if you want. Yeah. Would you, would you Do it? Yeah, I'd take that. Obviously It would Hurt. No, be fine. It'd be fine. It'd be fine. I'm down if you are Yeah. If You're allowed to do that. Like you Yeah. WW wouldn't be like, don't do that shit. Yeah. Like when I score. No, it's, I run straight to you.


Fucking you German. Okay. No, no, no, no. Not a German. Not a German. No, no, no. The one where it's like over, No, I don't think so. No. Hold on. No, this Look, you're in here. Head over. Right. So this one boom and then Yeah, yeah, yeah. That one. Yeah. Yeah. That's a German. Is that not a German? I Thought I thought German was from behind. Oh, okay. We'll do that one. We'll do that one. That one's quite easy. Boom. Boom. I just, we have to do it. We have to do it bro. We have to do it. He's Sick. Oh, I Got a score. Yeah. Alright. What of a score?


Ba bro. If that's not a German plex, I'm gonna get fucking somebody in Germanys gonna be pissed. Fuck Germans belly to Back that. Oh, okay. That's what I thought. And then I'll just like, that's, I thought Okay. Owe you after that all. So When you're behind him and you go over the Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll go. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we'll do, I'll just regular ass super play bro. Joe, let's fucking go. Yeah, Let's do that. That'll Go crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll be sick. You play football, soccer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're good. Well, I used to play for an academy when I was younger. I Got kicked off for being too fat. What the fuck? Yeah, Man, it fucking scar me. So I was like, all right, watch this. Then YouTuber and now I'm playing at Wembley Stadium in front of 90,000. So it All worked out. So I'm like, I man, I'm gassed.


I'm, yeah. Hell yeah. It's gonna, that's gonna be a fucking dream. Like 90,000 people. Can't even imagine. What's the biggest audience you've done like wrestling In front of? We were talking about it today. Not that big. Yeah. 80 maybe. 80. 80 maybe. Pretty close. That's pretty close. But like yeah, 90. And these are all gonna be hardcore like side men fans. Oh my, Oh God. Bead scores in that stadium. That place is gonna be the loudest it's ever been. We, We were talking about this. Yeah. Potentially the loudest Sioux. Yeah. Yeah. Man, it's gonna be world Fuck. Alright bro, well I'll see you on Saturday, so you're there brother. That fucking soup. Like if, if, if you're not on the field, we gotta, you gotta, we gotta like find each other. Yeah. Or like that's sick.


Joe, it's been a pleasure dude. Legend. Thank you for having me boys. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Thanks for coming on man. What are you doing next? Like where can they find you? Well, rainforest, the Amazon Rainforest. I want to go back there for Sure. But obviously Yeah. Socials, YouTube channel. Joe Weller podcast. Waffling podcast. Gotta get you on waffling at some point. Excellent. That'd be sick. Excellent. But yeah, across all socials we're Active. Or in Thailand. Or in Thailand. Whoa. No massage parlors. Michael put you there. Alright, We love you guys. Thank you for watching this episode of APO and whatever. Bye class.