
I sang Thick, Of, It to my daughter, Esme. She started crying. She stopped crying when I stopped singing it. Oh, Fantastic. Great. You know I put the song out and it was just getting a ton of hate. I was like, all right, lemme just lean into this. You even had me fool, Because you messaged me being like, bro, are you right? I'm not jj. How up to speed are you on the current election environment here? Oh, that's why Camilla's winning, right? Camilla? Camilla Cab running for resident. But Yeah, like, I like my cheese moldy, bro. Yo, by the way, I love rose out, man. This is one of the reasons why I followed that. Oh, do I wanna say this? Back When we were fighting, I said 10 times 10. You shoved me so hard. Yeah. Yes. You could hear an audible gas You know mess' drink suing Prime Hatch.


I thought this he was on, Bro. Dang. He copy us. Jj, why are you wearing the pants that an astronaut would wear if they go to the moon? Just leave me alone, bro. I, I'm just betting you. How damn it. You got mozzarella stick. Mozzarella stick. You love your graphic tees, dude. Are you Serious? What? You don't like? You don't like cheese? I mean, I do like cheese. Fried cheese. Fried cheese is fantastic. Can I Ask a question? Hit me. How, how exactly do you like your cheese? I Oh, that's right. Dripping bro.


No. How long can we keep doing It, bro? I just, I can't, the internet just makes no sense, man. No. Like why? They just gravitated towards that. Why? It's just crazy how we deal with this. With like, and now you have what's, what's his name? Like, I see people like DDA doing it. Dog. I've been every character possible. Sonic family Guy. Guy. Yeah. Yeah. Peter Griffin. Homer Simpson. Simpson. Like, they turn me into everything and just make me say that Jesus drippy Michael Jackson. I didn't see that one. Oh yeah, I've seen that one. Someone did. oj That was, that one was A bit, well, I don't think interesting. I understand why. Yeah. And perhaps actually You know what I do understand why? 'cause it's so cringe, but it's like catchy cringe.


Yeah. And you can make Memes out of it. Yeah. And so, And they all do well. So people just, they're like, fuck, this is just free views. Whatever. We'll take it, bro. How, how, how does it feel being a, a co-owner of lunch league? So good. I gave, Yeah, you actually gave 'em a percentage. So good. I'm gonna eat some right now, dude. Well, Not a full percentage You know. Oh, We haven't discussed the actual amount yet. I have something I haven't let 'em know, but if Something tells me it's gonna be big, I, nah, I've made it very clear. It's gonna be so minor. Yeah. But, but You know. Yeah. It's, it's, anyways, Welcome back to the United States. Yeah. Good to be here. Tired You. know what? I'm actually All right. Not too bad. You know I slept well today or last night. What's It being, what's it like?


What, what? And action. What's it like being a number one selling artist? What, I mean, I'm not, but I, I felt It's weird. It's weird. Like, I'm doing well, like the song's doing well. I'm in the Thick, Of It, Everything. Everyone, everyone. Yep. From the screen to the, The ring, to the PenFed to the king. I've been stuck in my head. Everyone loves it. Everyone loves it. They love it. They Crazy. Well, I mean, I feel like You know this is a good time for me to tell everyone that I'm actually not pissed. Like I'm not mad. Hold On. There's a much better way to do this.


Okay. Yeah. That was so underwhelming. Okay. Nah, nah, bro. Hold on. You Didnt set him up right either. No, I, I Didn't know he was gonna just, well, you Unveil it. Well, you pulled off was one of the greatest marketing strategies I've ever seen in my life. So, good. Okay. Absolutely. Fuck, I messaged you on this. I said to you, this is fucking incredible, just marketing genius. Okay. And it worked. It really, sorry. I, God, you tell him what you were saying. I just wanna add a little mph to it. Oh, Okay. I wanna add more mph before you add the most. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Bro, I, I told you I'm taking notes. What you did was absolutely brilliant to reiterate what Mike said, and, and as your, as your business partner and friend, and also a marketing person. Yeah. You even had me fooled kj.


Yeah. 'cause you Messaged me being like, bro, are you right? I couldn't, I couldn't tell. I think I saw you flipping out on like, Aiden, Aiden Ross, Ross, his dream. Yeah. Yeah. And even Jake brought it up to me and was like, dude, like the way KSI is acting. I was like, nah, he's fucking with everybody. He's Fucking Everybody. And I'm taking notes. 'cause like, if you act angry Yeah. This is what I've learned that you've taught me. Yeah. People will just continue to make fun of you. Yep. For the song. Yep. But that only contributes to the streams, the views that Yes. Like, bro, how Many, so like, like if I didn't have a song, I'd say the only thing I would've done is probably the two tweets that I pointed I did at Dan the first two.


I think those, those were genuine. Yeah. Those were me. Like, fuck this guy. Yeah. Don't fucking come on my business, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. But then, because I had a single comment out, I was like, oh my God, I can just use this as a way to market my song, bro. I can use all this hate, all this attention and just drive it to people going to my song. We've already spoke about all this because we've been shooting prime stuff all day. Yeah, yeah. But I, but I told you that, I've always said that attention is the currency. Yes. But I don't always practice what I preach. Yeah. You really practice. Well, that's why, like, for me, I'm, I've been doing this for so long, so You know, I've been loved. I've been hated. I've been wherever in between.


So I'm just like, all right, cool. Let me just embrace this. Like, You know, I put the song out and it's just getting a ton of hate t people clowning on it. And You know, I know the song is good, but I know a lot of people You know are just gonna jump on the trend. A lot of people are sheep. They're just gonna follow and just do whatever they want to do. So I was like, all right, cool. Lemme just lean into this and be pissed off, angry. Tell people, guys, stop, stop making Memes knowing that they're gonna make more Memes. We all just be like, oh, stop, stop making fun of me knowing that they're gonna make fun of me more. And like, stop making videos on me. You know saying that my downfall was imminent. Or, you know, satisfying downfall, dis satisfying was all that, was all that like part of the strategy, like going into the rollout because, or or did you almost see like what was happening as it rolled out?


No. And then you kind of started to build around because I, I was, yeah. I I think I messaged you about it, about this too. I, I don't think I'd ever, I've ever seen in a long time a song Really take a life of its own on the internet. Like this where you, bro, the amount of covers I saw of it. Yeah. I saw that metal cover of it. Yeah. Yeah. They were mocking it over Kurt Cobain singing Nirvana live on singing Thick Of It instead like, bro, every meme, every video, every AI generated thing for like a week. Yeah. Was all Thick Of, It. Yeah. Including even some drippy cheese. Well, it's just because like, it was just doing well, view wise, people are just gravitate towards views. So if it's popping, if it's the trendy thing, everyone's just gonna hop and You know, be like, yeah, cool.


Let me hop on this. Let me, you know, push it as much as possible because it's just sick. Like, I post a random Thick Of It cover, and all of a sudden I'm getting over a million likes. I'm getting millions of views. People are there, like, this is sick, I'm gonna hop on. And that's why this whole like, it's like a snowball effect. And the thing is, You know it's the internet. You can't fight and beat the internet. What you can try and I guess play the internet in a way to work in your favor. So that's kind of just what I did. And yeah. I mean, there's times where I was just there like You know, like You know, maybe I'm getting a little annoyed, but then I was, then I'll always look back and go, nah, no, nah, it's all part of the plan.


I've gotta just go with the flow. And now it's in the Billboard and it's gone higher. So I think it was on it, was it 86, 84, bro, first week and now it's 64. Oh my, oh, second week moving. So that's the thing's unfold. Well, and people are saying like, oh, you, you are only on the Billboard because people hate listening. So I was like, okay. But then they're still listening. I hate the song. I can't stop listening to, but Is It 61. It's 61. Well, there we go, bro. Wow. Seeing, seeing all The memes and then the hate. And then I, I'm talking to Kevin, my videographer. I'm like, man, people are hating on it. But that means they're, they're listening. They're watching. But, but, and then, and then it breaks the top 100.


Yeah. Then it breaks the top 90, top 80. I'm like, ha ha, you're, you're brilliant, bro. Well, ultimately, like, you know, as long as the song is good, then it's fine. Like, if I've made an actual bad product, then bro, like, it's not gonna be doing as well as it is now. Like Yeah. It, it might You know, go up and You know do well, that's crazy. My stream. Well, that's the, but then it's just gonna fall off the face of the earth the next week. Well, that's the thing about attention and views is like they're, they're objective. Yeah. Like the state view just made a subject. Like, any song can be good or not good, depending on the person class. Right? Yeah, that's true. Scoreboard. Scoreboard. Yeah. Like views or views with all of the attention around the rollout. I don't know if enough attention was given to the song itself.


So I do wanna ask you about some of these lyrics. I don't know nothing about no ice. I'm just cold. Have you thought about maybe putting on another layer of clothing? Fuck you, bro. They know me. Where it snows, I skied in and they froze. Are you actually able to ski? I can. I, I snowplow. But that counts. That does count as skiing, right? No, no. It does. It does. You mean you like shovel your driveway? No, as in like, pizza. I pizza. Yeah.


Yeah. I count, I pizza down like reds highway reds. I've done that before. Terrifying. Terrible idea. Say in Europe, Is it red. It's not greens. I think the scale is the same. What reds Is that like kilometers? No. What No. Isn't like how steep it is. That's it. Green in, in no one states green. A black diamond. If you're getting real serious black diamond. What? There a black, there's red, there's blue sounds. Racist highway to heaven. I'm just cruising by my lone. What about the side men? That's trip's Verse. Well, he doesn't like the side men. What? I mean he does. I don don't know.


I don't know if he knows who they are. By faith in God minding the son, I'm about to sow. Is that trip's Verse? That's also trip's. Verse. Verse. What is he gonna sow? Ask ask him about the line. Well, I don. I don't know. It is trippy. The line. The line, bro. That, that, that really made its viral. Okay. Debut. Oh, oh. From, oh, from the screen to the ring to the PenFed to the king. Where's my crown? That's my bling. There's always drama when I ring. What comments do you have about that statement? Well, that, well, it's a, it's about my life. And then You know.


That's, it's always, there's always drama. You know when I, when I call in, I mean, I'm, I created a load of drama You know with Dan, TDM and dude, it's, I I have ly I have this name, bro. Yeah, that's fucking Dan. TDM put out one tweet. The dude said one thing, the biggest series ever, ever. He said one stupid thing. We're still talking about him. He's a legend. He's a he a for that I'm gonna beat this horse even though it I don. Okay, well, fuck dude. It's honestly, Dan, Dan fucking crushed it. That that's amazing, Bro.


I'm so, so happy. He tweeted because like, oh my God, he just made this way bigger than ever. It was the beginning of the snowball ever been. Yeah, bro. Like without him I probably wouldn't have a a Nah, no. I wouldn't say that. You should give him production credits. No, no. I was about to say like, I wouldn't have like a, a top 10 or a one a song in a top 100. But I feel like it would've done it eventually. But not this fast. No, I feel, I feel like he just allowed this craziness to happen and it just spiraled out. Control. This episode of Impulsive is brought to you by nascar.


The Battle four Cup series championship is heating up at Homestead Miami. And the remaining eight drivers are fighting to make it to the final round of four. The action in the playoffs has been crazy, and it's about to heat up in South Florida. These drivers are gonna put everything on the line to be named Champion, and this is one of their last races to secure their spot. As one of the four drivers competing for a championship, it's win and you're in. So drivers will be using every inch of this action packed mile and a half track to give themselves the best chance to secure their spot to compete for the championship. Grab some cold beers, invite some friends over, and make sure to stay Every year over 300 businesses. Start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of them.


I'm Harsha Raja Simha. With GVA Clinical Trials, we make AI powered software that transforms clinical trials, saving researchers time and money while impacting patient lives. Our Ignite Startup Grant Matic a critical moment and we appreciated the business mentoring we received to help extend our startup runway. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com. Tuned in to the NASCAR Cup Series Playoffs at Homestead. Miami Speedway on Sunday. October 27th at 2:30 PM Eastern on NBC. Shout out nascar Back to the show. Even with the whole Lunchy thing, I think it was like mostly positive until Dan Tweed and then everyone was just like, oh my God.


A big OG YouTuber who's just clean You know, doesn't have any controversy, is going at these guys. Yeah. We can now rally behind this and say, fuck Logan. Fuck K aside. Fuck snaps. Fuck Jimmys. Fuck. Snacks. Snacks. Yeah. And then Bo that it just spiraled outta control Bo he got like 60 million impressions that amazing. On a tweet. That's amazing. Dude. Dude. Snacks have taken such a downtrend since then. No, not Kai. Not. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Boat lunch is not a healthy food. But go get your McDonald's Kai Sinat sandwich now with a supersized French on the side. And everybody's clapping for, by the way, we should clap for Kai, but we should also clap for You.


know. We're also complaining. We weren't the one complaining. I know, I know. So that's why it's ridiculous. It's fine for, and it's fine for f work and it's fine for Troy, Troy, Vivian, Troy, Brian, Trehan, Trehan. But for us, oh, wait, the bye guys. How dare you. How dare you release a product. Get out of here. It's, It's super just weird how that works, bro. Like, I feel like YouTubers should be supporting YouTubers, especially like in the Asian nah Know influencer because, Because We are all doing so well, it's always like, fuck these guys because we're the type of people who don't stay in our lane and just keep it pushing. We're, they're like always trying to break out and switch it up, change it.


Bigger, bigger, bigger. People are just tired of it. People just like, fuck these guys. They You know everything they touch is gold. Nah, fuck them. We're gonna go, go after them. And You know, pray that they crumble fuel, pray that we get their downfall. They just fuel it more. Yeah. Yeah. So you literally can't beat us. No, no. You could. It would just be Don't talk about us. Yeah, yeah. Or, or, or you guys. But like, it's like, but it's so they can't do that because You know why. 'cause there's money in it for them. Yes. There's money in it for them. Oh. It's just, it's a low hanging fruit. It's just so easy to say something and get views from it. So easy. So does it almost become like a, a rising tide lifts all ship's economy?


Yes. Like if you guys put something out, they, they make you guys the enemy. They make money off it. Your product goes up as a result of it. Well, and you make money. So just, Well, I, I think, I think when we first launched lunch, Lee, and, and the initial reception was positive and then, and then immediately extremely negative. Everyone's like, yeah, this, this business. You know it's over and then, and it's seven days passed, Snacks are gone. And it becomes one of the most viral Memes ever. Like, all that negative attention, because as I said before, attention is a currency. It's just, it just energy has like transformed into user generated content. Yeah. Which from a brand perspective, UGC it's called is is quite literally the most valuable thing you can ask for.


Yeah. For the amount of earn, like I'm talking billions of impre, billions of free impressions. 'cause everyone knows if you make a lunch lead TikTok, it's gonna go viral. Watch and talk to Yeah. Listening to Thick Of It. Yep. It, it was the perfect storm of bullshit. I at It's not like brain rock. We didn't plan this. No. People think, oh, people probably watch this be like, oh, they planned all No way And No way Think so we planned No way. It was just, we just did it. And then obviously everything just came together. We were just like, all right, well, time to run with it. Run it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's fucking go Drippy cheese. Talk to a, listening to Thick Of It by KSII, bro, I sang Thick Of It to my daughter. Esme. Yeah. Yeah. She started crying. No tears of had tears of happiness. No, she was so sad.


She so well. Yeah. Well, she stopped crying when I stopped singing it. Oh. But it fantastic. Great. But that's the thing. Like, I'm still gonna, even with this coming out, I'm still gonna get clowned. People are still gonna take the piss outta me because it's just so, I'm just that type of guy. Like, I do so much stupid shit. Like, I try to pretend that I'm smart or I try to be smart. Maybe not pretend. I try to be smart and I still fuck up. So it's, yeah. I'm just, you're human. You're human. I'm human. But like, I don't take myself too seriously. Like maybe every now and then you get to see a serious me and Yeah. It can be a bit like shit.


It's, oh shit. It's pretty rare. I saw, I saw seriously me when, when we were fighting, bro. Yeah. He was mad. He was so mad at me sometimes when I was, when we were doing the math. The math. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You were getting mad. I was, I was. Oh, He got otherwise skin so much. Fuck. He's, I'm really making him, bro. I asked him 10 times. 10 then. That was your, that was your Oh Yeah. I said, I said 10 times 10. You shoved me so hard. Yeah. Yeah. You can hear an audible gas. He goes like, Do you guys ever have like moments when you're like on shoot, you're wearing like the aluminum foil pants. You're dressed like an astronaut. You guys are holding up drinks, Illuminati's approved all of the messaging, all that shit where you're just like, yo, let's run this shit back right now.


Motherfucker like, outta nowhere, bro. Like, just like, because bro, come on dude. You wouldn't wanna just for the, for the fun. Just for the plot line. What what plot line I don. Dude, I'm in the Thick. Of It. Really? Don. jj. How, how up to speed are you on the current election environment here? Don't do. There we go. Don't do that. Honestly, I have no idea what's going on. I, I, I swear Camilla's winning, right? Camilla? No, she's not. I from, here's the thing, dude. Camilla. Camilla. Wait. Camilla Cab is running for B. Wait. Kamala. Oh. But it's okay. It doesn't matter. You're bro, I mean, you're from fucking DU or not even, I guess you're from fucking uk.


That's Brexit. But, but no, she's, from what it looks like, and I don't know how much you could ever really trust the polls. There's, there seems to be a little bit of a, a, a, a gap, widening gap in the favor of Trump. That's what it seemed like over the past couple weeks. Okay. But they, but they shift around a lot. Now, last week, Trump quite literally put the fries in the bag, bro. Like he, I did see that. So he went to McDonald's. Yeah. And he served a bunch of people, which I think was a, was a cool, that that was very sick. We very sick to see. But then it came out recently that the McDonald's was actually closed and they were hand selected customers that were driving through. So it was a What Do you expect?


Well, yeah, agreed. Well, no, no, I'm not saying it. I'm just saying it's become a, it's been a scandal over the past few days. A scandal. Yeah. Real scandal. Oh, stop. No, it's been scandalous, dude. Yeah. Country's in a country's in an interesting spot. Super divided as always. Well, I feel like after you got shot at, they probably the security a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Like started For Sure. That makes sense For Sure. And there's been like a bunch of other plots around it too. But Yeah, we're coming down to the finish line. Dude. I'm actually So. wait, when is the finish line? November 2nd, dude. Oh. So we're, we're like November 5th. Get out and vote guys on the second. Or I don't Fuck. That's Actually, that's actually a really important message. Yeah. For anyone listening. It, it Is it is important to vote.


Yeah. When I was in high school, admittedly, I, I didn't think I really like, understood the importance of voting. I didn't, I didn't realize like, the significance of it, but it Is it a backbone of what makes America the greatest country in The world. And if you have the right to vote in America, 1000%, get yourself educated and go vote. So if whoever wins like January, so let's say, let's say Trump wins. He Be, he'll become the president. Will America be all right? Or, or now you're getting into some Well, I, it depends on who. It depends on who you ask. Well, it's another, it's so I don Dunno. Like will there be a civil war depending on who? No. Guess what's gonna happen. jj.


Nothing. Okay. Okay. Nothing. Okay. You're January, whatever date is gonna come. Nah, no, nah. People are gonna wake up. I Got. Someone with the answers. Yeah, you're True. You're on the podcast. KSI just asked a important question. I I think you would know the answer to it. Obviously being one of the most pro, Pro prophetic, pro Profound people that I know. Give them the opposite. The Opposite. Give ksi give KSI my love. All right. I'm here. Hi bro. Thanks. He Says thanks. He said what's gonna happen if Trump wins the presidency? Will America be all right? If Trump wins, America's gonna be great again. And There will no longer be tampons and boys locker rooms.


There will no longer be boys and girls sports. And we're gonna get our country back. If Trump doesn't win, our country is fucked to never, to never come back, ever. It's the most important election in, in all in, in the entire Universe, the United States. Alright. Alright. I'll call, I'll call you later. Thanks for your in input. Hey, make sure, make sure that makes it on air. Don't cut it. All Right. Okay. So according to your dad, no, it is a very important election, jj, but I'll tell you what happened. What, what the deal is. Okay. America's not just going to Implo because guess what?


Half of the country thinks America will implode if Trump wins. Half of the country thinks the country will implode if Kamala wins. So guess what's not gonna happen no matter what happens. The co It's over. Yes. It's okay. It's, it's one of two. It's either no matter who wins the country implodes. 'cause half says one half says the other. Okay. Or either way, things just keep going on. Yes. Things will go if, if, if Kamala wins, things will continue to become more progressive and that will be good for certain people. Right. Okay. It it, it all comes down to who you are and what you want. The what you want the, to what you want the country to look like in your opinion. I have to say something to, to an extent. 'cause some of it is, some of it is like border related, which is safety.


Some of it is global. Geo You know or geopolitical warfare, theater safety. Okay. Some of it is inflation, some of it's economy, right? Like groceries and, and stuff is, and food and gas is, well not gas, but a lot of groceries are over, are very expensive right now. What's the reason for that? On the same note, the stock market is at all time highs right now. Right. So it's really hard to say what exactly is gonna happen. But I'll tell you what, we're not gonna explode. Like, it doesn't matter. Get tax. You're still gonna have to pay all of your money to taxes. Okay. Like in my eyes, dude, we've had both people as presidents and like life. There was, there was nominal changes to life over the course of that span When Trump was first running for president against Hillary Clinton.


What was that? 2016. I I, I actually couldn't fathom the idea of Donald Trump being president. I, because I saw him on like, Reality tv. The brother president. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I would say like, how is he even running? How like, it, I remember thinking like there, I remember going, there's absolutely No way. This reality star is gonna be the president. And then he won. And I was shocked. Shocked. Yeah. And I remember talking to people and they admitted to me, I, I'll I'll say this. Just 'cause this is, this is what I heard. This is just like an a personal anecdote, man. At that time, at least in 2016, a lot of people were not ready for a woman to be president.


And especially not if that woman was Hillary Clinton. And I feel like a lot of people are secretive about that feeling. Okay. And, and, and, and obviously like you, you can't like, share that publicly without being like extremely judged. Yeah. Yeah. But it, it, it obviously would depend on the right woman to be president. She'll be the first president of the United States if, if Kamala does win. Yeah. Yeah. It just, it just, if the question is Kamala Harris the right woman to be the first female president of the United States? Well, and if it means beating Donald Trump. Well, and it's also a giant jump because she would be not only the first woman, but an African American woman as well. Yeah. Or I think there what I'm saying, Is it Like a mixed, I think there's A lot of secret Trump voters.


I think there's a lot of people that when they, they get to the, the, the voting booth, they will, they will put Trump on their, on their ballot and lie about, I don't know. I feel like it's beco. I feel like it's become pretty, I feel like everybody's got their cards on the table nowadays. I don't think there's that many people like playing up, playing it close to the chest. I don. Well, but is there a, a third contender? Some I saw somebody, a, a, a social media creator yesterday. Write in Playboy Cardi, because you can write in whoever you want. Yeah. Harambe got like a good a little Oh yeah. Of the vote in 20. You can write in. Oh, he did Harambe somebody. Somebody was calling for the America baby.


Wait, so what would happen if, let's say Haram Haram got no vote. Take him up. Take him up. Take him up. Put him In the val Office. You gotta sit. He No, you're lying. a Hundred percent signing bills into action. A hundred percent What You'd have, bro. We got fucked up. Got a fucked up situation over here. But you have a fucked up situation. Okay. What? So what? All right. Logan pool. Everyone just put Logan pool. Yeah. He'd win. Yeah. And then Oval off his baby. You'll just make laws. Yeah. We got got a real voting system over. First things first. Figure out how to, how to get rid of school shootings. Get come up with a creative solution to, to school shootings first. First I thought you'd instantly go. Everyone must have a prime And a lunchie and a lunch.


That's second. Okay. So as in like remove all con competition Gatorade Outlaw. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Jules Outlaw. Yeah, punishable by death way. Sorry. Hey, sorry bro. Yeah, that's a joke. 'cause I think I might run for president one day. So don't use that against me in your slander campaigns. Nah, I can only say but, but Donald Trump kind. You can see the TikTok, Donald Trump kind of like opened the, the gates for that to be a possibility. Yeah, he did. Nothing's Possible. you know what I'm saying? Like he You know what I'm saying? Like for Sure. 'cause 'cause when he first run in, in your same like tone when he first ran for President don don't think I've ever talked about this on the show before, but on, on Facebook, I, I had no, I didn't even have Instagram.


It didn't, like, wasn't a huge thing for me. I wrote that if I put up a status, if Donald Trump wins the presidency, I will dress up as a chicken and wash. Every single one of my Facebook's friends' cars dress as a chicken 1600 and like 52 people. Man, you probably pulled that one And there's no, no, it's still up. And there is one, there is one dude in Milford, Connecticut, David Eisenman, I'll say his name right now. Oh geez. And he posts pretty much once a month tagging me like, Hey motherfucker No way. When are you washing all of our cars? And, And it still gets like a ton of engagement. Like every time, because people really, I I really should do it.


Yeah, you should. Like I really you should come shoot it. We should do that. You promised him. I really did, dude. But that's how wild dresses a chicken. But that's how, and yo Oh, and he, he, he makes these like really bad photoshops of a chicken head with my face on it. And he post those, you know him personally, but I could probably find one. I'll do It. you know how he's a, is he a Facebook friend? He's a, he's a a town folk. He's a town folk. He's, he's older. He's in his sixties. When I was coming up on Vine, there was another kid at our school who was coming up on Vine. And I and I, I tweeted at him. I was like referring to me, Jake and him. I was like, if one of us gets Vine famous, we need to make sure we all get Vine famous.


And we just left that motherfucker in the bus, in the dust, bro. I, he still tweets to me to this day. He's like, bro, what happened to this text? I'm like, bro, don don't know you didn't want it. He just didn't, he didn't make vines. Every year, over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of them. I'm Harsha Raja Simha. With GVA Clinical Trials. We make AI powered software that transforms clinical trials, saving researchers time and money while impacting patient lives. Our Ignite Startup Grant came at a critical moment and we appreciated the business mentoring we received to help extend our startup runway. Go To pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business.


That's pwc startups.com. Oh, what's his name? Ah, man. I guess that that's, well, so, okay guy, I'm guessing, well I don don't know if you guys are gonna say who you are voting for, but like, let's say the person who you're not voting for wins, would you do a certain thing? One of the reasons why I don't get like, super, like, into this whole thing is just because I, I just, I tweeted about it the other day too. I just think this has become really corny. Like, I, I just really, I I just, hell presidential election is el I just, I just, it's so like zero rid.


I just feel like this, this like celebration of politics has become so fucking corny, dude. Like, like I, I'm, I'm sorry. It's just the Yeah. What's that? If, if, if what if what we get, if what we get out of voting is the right to spend our lives talking about who we're voting for, that doesn't seem like that much of a win to me. Like, that just seems like such a shit thing to have to talk about every day. Like all these people who are completely and utterly unfuck qualified to even have the conversation to begin with. And I have to and I have to have that, that, that dialogue every day. I'd rather talk about other shit like drippy cheese.


Okay, but you're the one who brought up this publication. No, no, no. I wanted to know J's thoughts as an outsider. I fucked. No, you love it. You and your and your sister love politics. Well, I will, I personally believe that we should vote for whoever will lower my taxes the most. Yeah. And so that's why I am No, I'm not doing it. Not doing it, dude. I'm not doing it. But, but well, I mean, I guess compared to England, we we're quite tame. We're quite boring. The the You know. Not anymore. No you're not. No. You wanna do you wanna know why you're not? Why because you're on Britain's Got Talent. What do you want the political reason And then we should get into that.


That made no sense. No, you're on Britain's Got Talent. I'm trying to change the No, last, last, last thing because I always wanted to ask him this. He loves it. Mike loves it. Bro, stop. No. La last thing because the only chance I'll ever get to ask about this. Your, your political system is not boring because you have the Parliament and it's the most exciting thing in The world. 'cause they yell at each other. Do you even know what I'm talking about? Yes, I know about the Parliament, but like, let's they yell at each other. Yeah. But it's just so dumb, bro. So you're on the same page as us. What, what? You just don't really wanna talk about politics? Well, I just, I just don't really care. Like, I guess I care to the degree of voting. You pay your TV Tax your TV license fee.


Yeah, I pay everything. What happens if you don't pay your TV license fee in the uk? They take your tv. What? Well, they just send me letters. Keep and just keep sending. Dear jj, do You know about You know about TV license? I don't, bro, can you explain this to him? So basically I think it's, it's, it's quite outdated now because a lot of people, I mean, I, don Dunno, people, there's a various amount of people who don't even watch TV anymore. So You know back in the day, well even to this day, people have to pay a fee to be able to watch tv. If you have a tv, you have to pay a TV license fee if you have a tv.


So Every, obviously everyone has a tv, every single person. But it was mainly for, I think it was the four or five channels. So BBC one? Yeah, BBC two IV, channel four And Channel five Government programs to fund the government programs to watch on your tv. Even if you're not watching them, you have to pay a TV license fee. And if you do not No, no, no, no. Talk to your door and demand that you pay a TV license. If you don't, if you don't watch tv, you don't have to pay. Wait, What? If you have it, If you have a tv, it's fine. You no, you, it is not you. You don't have to pay. Are you sure? I'm pretty sure. I think if you, I think if you even have it, I'm pretty No, no. I'm pretty sure if you watch the five channels, you have to pay the TV license.


But How would they know what you're watching? If you have A line in, If you have a line in, so like if you get tv, you Have to pay your TV Tax Whether you watch TV Or not. Okay, So how much Is it like 180 a year? It's just, it's just, I know people in the UK are like really upset about the Yeah, Yeah. They're really annoyed. It's, it's just like, it's like paying, Like paying for cable, but for the free tv kind of. Yeah, but it's, yeah, but it's like, what if you don't watch those channels? The, the UK makes their citizens pay anyways. It, I know that a lot of people in the UK are, are really upset about which, and I bring it up because like, bro, not every, not every government's got it figured out. Like we're just, we're still trying to just No, no. Governments too. I don't maybe maybe Finland.


I Nordic. Yeah, yeah. Switzerland, et cetera. They, they're pretty good. What, what Shows do you even get on those? Cha Do you get Dr. Strange, what's the Show called? You Just said I don't watch, but Bbc. BBC two. But Britain's Got Talent. Yeah. Britain's Got Talent. Yeah. You got that. You brought the energy. Yeah. How Is it, Bro? I thought it was fantastic. Really? I really enjoyed it. Any any like cool acts? Can you talk? Oh, I. don don. Don't think I can. I don't think I can talk about anything. Probably not. Oh. But I pressed the Golden buzzer, which makes On the first day. On the first day. Yeah. Didn't you all? No, three of us did. One didn't. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You can't, you can't say who you pressed it for. No. No. Damn. But it's a lot went down. Like there's so many funny moments. I, and the thing is like, it was so cool because everyone was just gassed that was there. They were like, bro, like you've brought the energy for Sure. Everyone loves your vibe. It's just like you've given BGT New Life. You know. It'd be so sick if you could come back. You know, da dah dah da. I put it like this, bro. I didn't even know there was a Britain's Got Talent. Well, Yeah, yeah. I I've heard of America's Got Talent. Yeah. Yeah. So first Recreated it. Yeah. Yeah. And then it came from us. Yeah. s Got Talent started the trend.


And then you've had so many different countries have Wow. Got talent. Yeah. Is it Fun. Are you liking it? Oh, But I thought it was so sick and it's just, but I like latched onto it. Like Dr. Water. It was just easy, seamless. You bring the energy in that shit. Well, That's what I mean. Like, it's You know. I mean, no offense to everyone, but like, You know I'm a a bit younger than everyone. Yeah. So I You know, I'm able to You know, do stuff, you know, be active, go on stage, You know, go nuts, et cetera. So like, I felt like I was able to just be myself, have fun. And they didn't like criticize me for it. They were just like, we want you to be you. And I was like, cool. And then I just did. So like, at some points people would just come on.


I'd be like, no, you Well. And they're just there like, what, what is going on? We've never had anyone do this. I'm like, oh, this is nothing. Like, yeah, I see Drew Ski do this and all that. This is easy, Bro. Drew's what? Like, could have been records. Yeah, bro. So, so I think he's a fucking genius. I love it actually. Yeah. So funny man. I I, we watch all of his, all of his little recaps. Yeah. And when he, when he shuts people down, like as soon as they walk in, because of like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, nah, get him outta here. Ah, No. Well, it'd be so cool to have him on like, America's Got Talent. Oh my God. Oh, bro. Like, but you're seeing, the thing is you have to be, I guess to a certain degree, careful because these people are like talented and like they've devoted a lot of time and effort into this time.


You just don't like their hair. And if I'm just there like, bro, like it's on tv, it's different. You know on YouTube you can just get away with it. It's whatever. Yeah. On TV bro. You have like a psychologist there to, you know, talk to them after. Yeah. Whoa You know, you've got to have people look after them. This, this, that, that, there's a lot more to it. Right. And like, You know if they Is there, bro. 'cause in America, like, I just saw that kid on TikTok who can catch a marshmallow in his mouth from any distance. He made it on America's Got Talent No way or catching marshmallows in his mouth. God, his buddy was under like the second floor, like, like a hundred feet just throwing these marshmallows. He caught every single one. So like, don don't know.


Does he need a psychologist? If he does? a hundred percent. Why? Because that could be very dramatic. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But God, I wish we had that fuck for real Psychologist After I get off this show, like I, yeah. I need, need to talk to somebody. Wait, jj, what's going on with you in that show? Is, is like su I feel like a super emblematic of like the, the, the desire of mainstream media to include like social media, tech. You're seeing it so much right now. Like, so much like McDonald, like back to McDonald's with Kai, this show with you. Like, there's so many different like platforms and programs that are starting to include social media start like, even, even what SNL's been doing over the past, like couple months since they Yeah, yeah.


They started, they did a Keith Lee impression. They did a call her daddy impression. Like, I think people are starting to really finally, fucking 10, 12 years late. Well, it's start to realize that Sophia wants, I remember where You know back in the day, I was there like wanting to do this stuff and they're just like, closing the door now. They want you No, no, no need. It's not even wine. Its got one need. Yeah. a hundred percent bro. Because think about it. Like You know the most important thing in The world to me. Lazy Rivers. Okay, gimme number two. Hamburgers. Right. Take number three. Prime. Well, lunch please. Lunch. It's very important to me. Hold on. It's, I, I I really wanna guess Mike Crack.


That was a while back. That's like a seven now. I'm gonna guess Blue Chew. No, I love Blue Chew, but it's not also that. It's, it's a game show. Jeopardy. Jeopardy. It's very important to me. Okay. And I've been, and I really recently, I've been trying to reach out to Jeopardy, nonstop. At Jeopardy. If you're watching this, please listen to my please. They're Def they're definitely watching. I have tweeted at you guys. I believe that there is a widened wet, gaping hole. Okay. Sorry don. Don't, I didn't need to be that graphic in the game show market. Okay, think about it for a second. When, when old folks come home, they eat their supper, they sit in a recliner to watch their favorite program. What are those programs?


Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy. Now you may say, well, I don't watch those programs. Yeah. But millions and millions of people do. Mm. What is going to be the new game show for our generation for, sorry, the next generation Gen Z. Right. So at the very least, I think that Jeopardy should try their luck with us and, and do a creator tournament. No. 'cause you have to be smart to do that. You're the only person who knows, like, who the Italian Prime minister is, Who the Italian dictator was in World War ii. Yeah. Which is Mussolini. Yeah. But, but what I'm trying to say is this, I would like a chance to go head to head versus creators. Like, oh, I, who's that one lady that does the foods where she does food reviews?


Rosanna, Rosanna pno. Yeah, that One. I would like to go head to head with her in, in a combat, like a combat sports arena. That's completely different than what we were just talking about for a while. By the way, I love Bozana. Man You know. It's, do I wanna say this? Okay. This was like years ago. This is one of the reasons why I followed her. I actually had like a low key crush on her. Really? Yeah. Which do you interest? Not anymore, but Oh really? Yeah, back in the day. That's so endearing. That's Insane. Yeah. Now she's talking shit about your company.


That's crazy. It is kinda weird How the tables have turned. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, yeah, let She can do her thing, man. Let let let her do her Thing. Yeah. Yeah. She yeah. The, yeah, like, I like my cheese moldy bro. Yo, When she saw that, she must have been jumping, she lit, bro. She must have been like, yes. So Roseanne Bar Oh God, bro. Bro. Going at you guys Or a beast. You could get so many likes you could showered in likes. Man, bro. Some of these, She got like two so annoying. Man. She come on like hairs, Bro. I know, I know. I know, I know. But It is funny.


It Is it, dude. It's, it is a, it is a guaranteed way to get a shit load of a, yeah. Even, even Lunchy now lunch leaves in like, man, you wanna say something? Get some likes? Yeah. Just tweet about lunch. Nah, But nah, But the difference, actually, this is something else I learned from you. Yeah. Back when we were fighting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was gonna tell you this back there, this back when we were fighting, I would, I would sometimes like flame you with what I thought was like a banger tweet. I like, I'd tweet it and be like, oh, this one's gonna hurt his feelings. Oh, got him. And bro, you would just favorite that shit. You would favorite something that I thought was like a dagger. And I remember sitting at home like, what the, it, it was such a mind fuck to me. I was like, no, no. What do you mean he likes it?


And yeah, I Like, I was what the hardest feelings. Yeah. Yeah. And so now I've started favoring shit like that. Oh really? I realize like, bro, this shit don't matter. Yeah. You're Fucking Man. You want me, me too. I want you to me. Yeah. Yeah. Favorite, favorite, Favorite. I feel like if you really wanna get to me, you'll never know what actually gets to me. Yeah. Because I just don't put that out in public. Yeah. You ba you basically said nothing there. What you said, if you wanna get to me, you'll never know. Well, yeah, it was true. He's Mysterious. Yeah, mysterious. Honestly, like with all of this, you want to just be in that fine line where people don't know if you're serious or not.


Kinda like speed. You know how, he's a just a weird guy. But then you meet him and he's like, still a bit weird, but he's normal. But he is just like, I don't know what you are. And You know. He just does stupid crazy shit all the time. It barks, it barks at people. But then he's talking to you normally you're like, what are you? Yeah. But there's intrigued. Yeah. for Sure, there's interest behind it on, On your tweet about the actors of to Holland. Yes. Ben wrote A disclaimer. I am kidding, by the way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So What goes into your mind when you think about saying That? So with that, because I knew I would hit a completely different audience that won't understand Oh.


What I'm talking about. Oh. That's why I was like, okay, this could be way bigger and not be beneficial because I'm not also, I'm not promoting anything. So that's why I was like, this doesn't, this isn't helping with anything. Yeah. That's a, that's another note I took from you. Yeah. When you kind of play into that negativity and, and, and, and fuel that fire that eventually only helps you. Yeah. I like, sometimes I get into these battles that like, for no fucking reason other, like, yeah. So with you going that Tommy, I had to, I really had to look myself in the mirror. Go, what the fuck am I Doing? Oh, that was Crazy. What am I doing bro? Bro, you bro. I texted him.


Yo, I texted him, him Jj, Jj, I texted him. I texted him. I was like, he, he's like, he's like, what goes, by the way, this is the same exercise I would do with the daggers. He would throw. Yeah. Like, we would sit there and I would be like, don don't know man. He sends me this one. I go, Hey man, he's like 13 years old. I need, I need you to do me a favor and just let this one go. And he, and he wrote, he will write like, bet that's facts. And then like an hour later I see the tweet and I'm like, bro, what? Because I'm like, I'm a dumb ass. And honestly with Tommy, bro. Yeah, Tommy, you hurt me. You've hurt my feelings. Tommy. I, I don't know.


I really don't know what I, what I was doing there. But no, with, to be honest with, with Tommy, that situation hurt. I, I, I, I felt like, I felt like inclined to respond. 'cause like I had a really good relationship with this kid. Like he, yeah. He would hit me up a lot and we, we engage and like, I I, I thought he was gonna be this successful creator. I still do. And then he just flamed the fuck outta me for, for a, for an ill placed ad don don't see where the fucking ads go in our show. You know. No. But I'm taking the heat as I deserve to get flamed, which is fine. But from Tommy, Tommy, me and him got along. What happened? Yeah. You're like, so I, he's my, I thought he was my guy. I I Did. And so I, I was, I was a little hurt and I responded like a child, which was just so stupid.


But I told you not to, I I I should have been promoting lunch Lee or something like. Right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the mistake I made. I'm not gonna, I learned like, I'm just not gonna feed into this shit unless it's benefiting me in some way. And that was just so stupid. Yeah. And I, I I feel also like You know not all the time you can, you can sometimes punch up, but I feel like sometimes you always want to like punch up. You gotta punch up. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Have to punch up. But, but I hear what you're, I hear what you're saying, but then make sure, make sure you punch up to someone that You know you can like battle with Like Messi who some is how is fucking suing us for copying us. How is that po How is that Poss? I thought this he was going on bro.


Bro, I get the text Messi drink Moss plus suing Prime Hedge. Did, didn't he copy us? Yeah. Listen, how is Bro What? is it that you created like a, a non-com competitive? Like, so basically your product was, how does it work? I'll, I'll explain it to you. He is ask, he's asking for, I, I think it's called like a rush judgment. He's asking the courts to determine as soon as possible whether or not he is indeed infringing on our trademark. Mm. Now we haven't officially accused him of infringing on our trademark. There have been conversations I can't speak much on, but they ultimately decided that instead of reaching a resolution behind the scenes, they'd rather just bring it to the court and say, here, here Judge, you decide if we're, if we are indeed copying Prime 'cause can you imagine they went two years selling this product and then when we hit 'em with a lawsuit and they have two years worth of like profits and stuff to, to, because they didn't indeed infringe on our trademark.


Yeah. But who the fuck wants to buy that shit anyways? Well, I'm, I'll tell you who, people will think it's Prime people will tag US ON Instagram thinking they're buying Prime or, or what's more a Messi version of Prime. Just like we sponsor our athletes like Holland or like an artist, whatever. They think it's like his Spanish version of Prime. I I in in, in, in Latin countries. They think it's the Latin version of Prime and just, it just Messi partner with us. Wait, So it's called, it's called, does that just mean it's called more Plus? Yeah. It's kind of stupid as fuck. So it's like te it's like more, more, or like plus plus. That's kind of a little redundant. It's like redundant dude a little Bit. Would, I mean, would you Let a resolution be Messi becomes A partner?


Would I let the resolution be? Oh no. We have a plan. I'm sure it'll make global headlines anyways. I guess we'll see how this plays out. Yeah. That's just crazy. Yeah. It's, dude, I just am no longer phased by headlines. It's just, it, the reaction always like, alright, shit. Yeah. Yeah. What Just a weird, weird times. It's Very weird. I I wanna ask you like, what's it like being a dad? Man, it's, it's, it's a lot of work, dude. Yeah. I'll be honest with you. Have you Cleaned nappies? Yeah. Clean. Have you thrown Poo at Nino? Not yet, but I've been, I've been, she wants to sometimes throw poo at me. Okay.


Because dude, it's really hard. Yeah. I'm the mother. Yeah. I'm, I'm seeing it firsthand now. And like everyone always says like, parenting is the hardest job. And by the way, we're like 25 days in, so we haven't even, we're not even in the Thick, Of, It. But dude, it's like the, the, the shit that women go through. I said this before. Yeah. I just can't, I can't believe it. Like, she has to wake up every three hours to feed even at night sometimes. And the baby doesn't know what night and day is. So we'll be up every three hours, four, two hours. Yeah. From the periods of 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM We aren't sleeping. I I'm just up next to her to make her feel like she's not alone. Yeah, she's not. But it, it's, it's heavy dude. It's heavy dude. And we got a little bit of a complicated baby.


She's a little, she, she's, she cries bro. Yeah. And then we just feel bad and like we want to help her. And, but it, she's, she's just so, so precious and, and like, helpless. And I don't want that to sound like condescending, but Yeah. She, she literally cannot do anything without our help. Yeah. And so, like, the amount of love we have for her is, is, is infinite. But I have to be honest, it's difficult. And we even have a, a baby nurse. I found a new one. Yeah. I found a new one who's great. Who's helping us. Thank God I'm privileged and blessed to say, say that You said you fired, you fi you fired the first one. Yeah. I, I, I told this story, but apparently it's an occupation with a high turnover rate because like, you're dealing with someone's kid.


Yeah. And, and, and not only that, it's like if you have to like stay in the same house as them and Mm. And like you're a roommate and like a caretaker. It's a very interesting merging of people in a dynamic that if it does not work, you gotta go. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta go Is it. I've never thought about maybe as, as opposed to exchanging the nurse, maybe exchanging the baby. No, I can't. 'cause I just love her so much. I love her so much. And I wouldn't get rid of s me ever. What I, I, I, I find it quite interesting, like, you know, of all species, humans or babies, like human babies are just the most pathetic, The most pathetic, the most the slowest to develop, by The way, like, what the hell?


It's dude, I said this to Nina. I said, yo, if you took like a baby ape Yeah. Right now. And our baby, the little ape is actually capable of doing more. Yeah. Yeah. Like, dude, if you took a human baby, nothing about this creature would indicate, oh, this will be the smartest species that we know of on our planet one day. It, and it takes a while. Yeah. Yeah. It ta i i I bet the time that it takes a brain to develop is directly correlated to the end intelligence of the species, I think. Yeah. It's got a lot to learn. Yeah. A ton. A ton to learn. Have you ever thought when it's crying, maybe. 'cause my dad used to try this one with me. You say, keep it up and I'll give you something to cry about.


Because my dad always used to say that to me, bro. And if I didn't stop crying, he just, it might work. We, What we do do is we kind of like, will maybe sometimes roast her a little bit behind the scenes. Oh, got it. Like, Let nothing, well, nothing could be that bad. You're full, you got a clean diaper, like, Yeah. What's your problem? What's, what's going on? It's not that bad. Little ladies. So she's a, she's a drama queen, queen first. So at what point will you do a wrestling move on her? I've kind of already begun. Okay. Okay. I we're, we've, I'm teaching her how to walk. Okay. She's not even a month old. She, she's almost balancing on her own. Okay. Yeah. Nina Nina's, she's, So you haven't plexed her?


Not yet. She's too little. Okay. I would, and like I said, bro, she's kind of a drama queen. Like I could, I could see me plexing her and get her getting really upset. Fair. Fair. Did you guys see that dog that climbed the top of the pyramid? I did. To, to bark. Oh, I heard about this. To bark at birds. That's Saint. That's what I would do if I was a dog. That's crazy, bro. That's great, great, great position for it. Yeah. There's videos of it too. So did they like get the dog down or, yeah. How Does that I think he just came back down. Did the dog get fined? No, but I think it did go for a camel ride after that. I don't really know where to go with that story. I just thought it was so wild that he climbed all the way to the top of the pyramid.


Yeah. I'll tell you what's wild. Elon Musk landing a 19 story spaceship. Oh yeah. On a pair of chopsticks. Yeah. And, and the and the robots. He's releasing. Oh man. Human robots. I'm sorry. The memes from Oh yeah. The robots have been amazing. Really? I was rolling up weed. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just have like, and it's just looking at you while rolling out weed. Like is this all you made me do? Like, I could literally save your time and effort for everything. And you want me just rolling weed? I mean, every guy had, when you saw those robots walk out, I would assume every man in The world had the same thought.


I'm gonna fuck one Of those things. Yeah. How long, how long? Until thing can fuck. Like literally. I'm pretty sure how long dude, dude. Like, imagine, imagine the idea of getting into an argument with one of them. You just turn it off, let just go back out the day fight off. Yeah. You just, you just turn it off. Go play Call of Duty black ice six for like 12 hours. Yeah. A few days. Yeah. And then you turn my on You still going arguing? Yeah. Yeah. That's always fun. You just rebooted. Yeah. Yeah. You update it. We are laughing right now. It's coming. Literally, it is Inevitable that there will be sex robots in the future.


Now the question is, if you walk into your boys' house and you see one of these sex robots Is it like, Hey bro, you good? Or Is it like, yo, yo, do you mind if I take No, no, you can't. No. That's his girl. That's his girl. Is it though. Technically. Yeah. And also, I do wanna say this, bro, when that happens, and by the way, we're, we're equally in trouble because like, don't think they're only gonna have vaginas. Oh no, they're bro. Are you serious? We're all, we're all No, we're all screwed. All everybody's on the line here. But I will say it from a, in a male sense, when they put these things out, women, real women and their normal sex game is gonna be completely defunct and outdated.


Imagine the, the capabilities Oh God. Yeah. Of a robot that could create a silicone based lubricated whirlpool in their mouth. Fuck, fuck. Oh shit, fuck. That is, that is set to a specific user-generated temperature. It's definitely gonna be more, it definitely is gonna be more for the men. And I'll tell you why. Because un unless maybe a millennium in the future when the AI really catches up, but women, unlike men, really, really, really rely on that emotional connection. Yeah. Yeah. And so and so they will have trouble even with a robot who can produce 4,400 strokes of torque force per minute.


It's a lot of strokes. But it will be, there'll be very metallic strokes. There'll be cold steel strokes. They won't be Yeah. There's no love in them strokes, You. know what I'm saying? Now men, men get off on a me on a me a mechanical, I almost said three different words there. A mechanical procedure. It's it 9,000. 9,000. Yeah. I mean, coined by one of our biggest po political podcasts and pundits right now, Ms. Alex Cooper. Mm. Who I believe is having Benjamin Netanyahu on the podcast next week, which I Benjamin Netanyahu on Caller daddy will go down as one of the greatest episodes ever. I think I'll be talking about all kinds of anal sex. Yep. But, but for men, it's a, it is a mechanical thing. And sex robots can surely complete that procedure.


Like, imagine if when they, when the the girl robot puts her hands together, it creates like a vortex. Yo, you've thought about that. No, I'm just coming up with it on the spot. But I have a theory. Alright, ready? Alright. You know about UAPs UFOs, like unidentified aero phenomena. Just call em UFOs. Dude, you're not fucking lucky. I'll say uua. I will say uap. UII actually don't think it's aerial Is it. UUMP. The gun. No, that's, that's called, that's called dude. Excuse me. Hold on. What did you say? No, you can say it out loud. Say who says Chest out when you say It? Who said it? Rob? No, but why? Who says You? Know what? You're just trying to stay on schedule of the day trying to stay on the same. Okay. Alright. Here's my theory. Ready? Well, You're not enjoying this. I'm having the time of my life.


I don't understand what's happening. That's, I was, We I know. We, I like when you Do the SDS again. No, it's two squids going away from each other. Squid heads, squid hands. Okay, fine. I'm actually gonna steal this. I do like this. Alright. Okay. Here's my theory. Ready? I think that these unidentified aero phenomena are the next evolution or perhaps the two evolutions of our, of our race. I think, I think they're just us in the future. And I think us in the future looks like Ready? You take the evolution chart from ape to man. Okay. Okay. What's next? What? is it? The answer is robots. Half man, half machine.


Okay. Genuinely, I believe, I believe the next iteration of our species. Species, no. Next evolution of the most intelligent beings on this planet will be half man, half machine use. Oh, you can see that. You see how a advanced AI is getting What? What do you mean? You see Neuralink is coming. We're talking about fucking robots is gone. No, no, but no, but Mike, this AI lodged in your Head. Oh yeah, I know. Like That. Yeah. And so I think humans, homo sapiens as we know them in a hundred years, will be rivaled by a half man, half machine, robotic, artificially intelligent creature. That will be the future of what exists on planet Earth.


Whoa clip it in a hundred years. Shit, man. I think it's gonna be a half you and half horse. No, no, no. But say again, a time capsule message. It is a time capsule message for my future self. But this, this, this, this species will be so fucking advanced, so advanced. They'll be able to do things like create gravity, which is how those UAPs can fly so fast. Create their own gravity space. Wait, but don don't underst. So what are you Talking about? You're saying that these super intelligent life forms from the future are visiting us now? No, no, they're not. I'm saying they're not from the future. We all of them. I I I'm saying in the same way that we put on Netflix and watch Planet Earth and we are observing a pack of gorillas in their natural habitat and like taking notes on them and studying them.


So where are they living? I believe this And where they living? This, this, this advanced version of us that already exists and is on this planet is watching us. What do you mean? Where are they Speak? Wait. Yeah. Where Are they? That's the thing in a fucking, they're so advanced. They have technology that allows them to cloak themselves. Bullshit. Swear to God. I I would bet money on it. That's just, he could be right there. How Much, how much money You trying to put hundred Bucks? Yeah. I'll take it right now. Dude, where are they? They're nowhere cloaked Dude. Cloak cloaked. I would feel it. Explain the UAPs then. Mike You know how fast these things can move. Okay. Okay. We don't gotta get into it. Well, I, I I think that's a bit ludicrous. But What do you think they're what Do you think they're Okay?


No, but I believe they first I do, I do agree. I do agree that we will, we will become like human slash robot and then the next stage is conquer the universe. I don. Disagree. We're gonna go to different planets and we're gonna see different species. Yeah. And we're gonna become the UFOs of different species. Just sounds like dune. Well, yeah. We, we gotta entertain ourselves. You know, we, we would use all the life source and resources of Earth and it's like, all right, let's, let's go over to that universe. Nah, I Got my money. Oh, let's go to I Got I Got my money on a cataclysmic human event. First probably. We got to unfortunately bro, we're too fucking stupid. Probably. There's there's so many other planets out there with people that don't do the shit we do to each other.


We're just too dumb. Bro. s not, I don't think it's true. Oh, you think they do it on other planets? I think, I think, I think I think earth is the, I think earth is the shit. And I think everything is cyclical, including the nature of the universe and, and the universe itself, which is in the shape of a sphere ever expanding until it's not. And it implodes on itself. I could do this all day, boys. I've thought about all of It. Well, I mean, Why Is? it. Why, why is every planet spherical? That's a celestial shape, A god shape, a sphere. Everything is a sphere. Even in Adam in Many way a sphere. So I know we, we might be able to be faster than the universe expanding. Maybe we might be able to reach the end of the universe. And then what's outside of it?


What's outside of it? You wanna know problem with that? Well, it's infinite. It's actually not. Well, it has an edge. Yeah. It's ever expanding. But the universe does have an ending and my guess is it's spherical. Yeah. But that's just, I'm Right. But then imagine that that's true. But imagine that we go out and then it's just another universe. Yes. Exactly. Yes. That's Multi, that's multiverse theory. Yes. Holy shit. Yes. And then all of a sudden we're there're like, oh my God, that'd be sick. Time is created bro. Time is created. But then imagine we are able to control time. That's when you become a real God. You know when you can do that Whoa. When you can create your own gravity. 'cause you can warp time and space.


Whoa. Yeah. And, and and, and there are machines allegedly, like Bob Lazar talks, talks about this. When he was working at the area of 51, he was on Joe Rogan. He's the guy who like essentially was a whistleblower for the, the alien technology that is already on our planet. Yeah. He was attempting to reverse engineer a machine that could create its own gravity. And when you can do that, 'cause, 'cause gravity's such a powerful force and also no one really knows what it is. You can literally warp space and time to, to defy physics or, or rather expand physics in a way that we don't understand yet. Whoa. All right. Shit man. That's crazy. And by the way, we are the ones to figure all this out. I know people are watching this.


Going, going. Those guys got it figured out. Yeah. I should listen to them. Yeah. Percent AP physics got a five. I'm serious. Shit bro. I Got my associate's degree at community college. Gateway Community College. Alright. What, what are you asking me About Liam? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. I did have this queued up. As you guys heard last week, Liam Payne from the popular group One Direction who was a guest on the show, tragically lost his life and You know Too soon, too early, at a very young age. It's a very sad event that I know saddened a lot of people.


And it's crazy because he, like, he's the same age as me. Yeah. So I I well it just like, it it, it wasn't, it didn't feel real. It was just like, what? No. Nah, it doesn't make sense. Like it just, it just happened. So I Yeah, it was just, and there's a lot, I think there's like a lot of details like kind of still coming out about what exactly happened, toxicology, yeah. So on and so forth. But I mean, regardless, it's obviously a, a super tragic event. Yeah. I really liked Liam. Yeah. I thought our podcast with him was, was cool. And even afterwards, like we exchanged numbers and like Texted and I, I I really got along with him. We went to a concert together like I think that night and yeah.


I mean, condolences out to his family and his friends. 'cause it Is it is so sad. The, the one thing I do want to say is apparently there were reports of him being a little erratic in like the hotel lobby and they, they, they knew, he was like not in a good state of mind and just sent him back up to his room, which, like if you're the hotel, I could see why like, that's, that's what you do with like a, a rowdy guest. Yeah. But I would encourage people to just check on your neighbor. Like if you, if you see someone going through it, even if they are a stranger, like you gotta not be afraid to go up to 'em and be like, Hey, are you okay? Or like, can can I talk to you for a second? Yeah. And even I think back to like Kevin Hines who survived the fall off the Golden Gate Bridge, and he was talking about his being on the bus, his, his drive on the bus.


And I, I I, I asked him, I was like, w what, what, what do you like wish someone would've said to you? And it was just like, Hey, like, are you okay? Yeah. Or like, c can I help you? Or just, hi eng engage, engaging conversation. I feel like people are often like a, a afraid of, of that interaction or, or afraid of that, of thy neighbor. And I feel like humanity could do a lot of good if we kind of just extended a, a helping hand sometimes, even if it feels like a little scary. But thi but this for Sure and, and all that's it is great and Right. But he, this this didn't really like come out of nowhere though, right? Like he's had some Well, yeah, you, I guess there was signs here and there that he wasn't okay.


And he hasn't been okay for a long time, for quite a while now. But I don't think anyone ever expected him to just pass away to actually die. Well, I mean, one of the other issues with, with knowing that someone has a problem, whether it's mental or substance related is like Yeah. There's, you can't really do anything about it besides be there for them. Yeah. And make sure that they know that you love them and that you're there for them. But like, other than that, like, it's a very per, it's a very personal, well, You know, you can try and take them to see a therapist, rehab, et cetera. You can encourage them, but at the end of the day, it's a personal choice. It's, it's, It's, Dude, it's so hard.


And you're right, it is a personal choice and like that, that battle will always be like understandable to oneself and to like intervene in that and, and, and be like, oh look, here's how you get out of it. It Is it is much easier said than done, but like he sh he, he, he just shouldn't have been left alone in his room You know what I'm saying? Like that, like, it, it's as easy as that if someone like even just delayed his, his trip up to his room. Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't need to happen at the age of 31. It just doesn't Yeah. That was like a, that was kind of like a little learning i, I took out of it. Like I've been in, I've been in situations in public where I, I like see someone crying. Yeah. Like literally just go up to 'em. There's no shame in being like, Hey, are you good? Everything okay? Like, it's just, it's just, you never know how that'll affect somebody.


Yeah. Yeah. That in a one, in a one time thing, it, it makes a ton of sense. It's just unfortunately for people that are around it for a long time, there's only like so much you can kind of like, put up with and it, and it becomes this like, great struggle between wanting to like coddle and then wanting to cut off to protect your own sanity. And so it's really hard to like ask someone to always be there babysitting someone and watching an addict or, or a mental health sufferer because it takes such a toll on the life of the person that you're asking to do that You. know what I'm saying? And so like, really at the end of the day, it comes down to making sure they know that you're there for them. But the idea that you're ever gonna always be able to be with someone all the time, it's basically just sacrificing your life for theirs.


And it's, and it's an UN's an unfair ask. Unfortunately, You know. They, they have to decide. They have to decide themselves Not to end on such A sad note. Yeah. RIP Liam, man. Sweet. Yeah. I guess that's it. Thanks for joining us, jj. Yeah. Appreciate you. Oh, JJ pleasure, JJ. Hey, that subscribe bud. Guys, thanks for watching Take it easy piece. Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of 'em. I'm Steven Carter. With traxell, we've developed a new way of installing fiber optic cables by essentially painting them onto roadways. Prince Williams Ignite Startup Grant helped Traxell grow our team at a critical time and enabled us to perform research and development that advanced our technologies.


Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.