
Every year, over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of 'em. I'm Ross Osborne with phase two. Our business is cybersecurity and identity services, but our mission is helping veterans and their families navigate into their second phase of life. Prince William economic development connected us with local partners and they've truly helped us grow while maintaining our mission focus. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's PWC startups.com


Live. Morgan, ladies and gentlemen, yay. The first time we saw this relationship with you and Don Brewing, what was going on in that room? Whatever you thought happened in that room probably happened in that room. Where did you work prior to the WWE Hooters? I'm just so confused. All right. A girl working at Hooters who's like, I'm gonna be a wrestler. So do you think re ripley's the, The biggest ever? I'm so much better than Maria Ripley in every single way. It's like, Do you know who Corina Cough Isz? I do. Cool. Wait, do you have a type as far as what? Like men? No women, no. Dom? Yes. Just move on to a, I did have a run in with the law. I would've been so much more upset if it was a bad mugshot. Even the officer, she was like, Ooh, like, you're gonna go viral.


Nice. Here we go. 6:15 AM la time. Oh. How is the earliest podcast we've ever done with Liv? Morgan? Why are you, why, why are we doing this? Not true. Not true. We the Earliest. Are we Rolling? 7:00 AM I didn't hear the beginning. Not the not, it's not true. Do you wanna know the real answer to that? It Might be true, Arnold. He said it was the earliest podcast we've ever done. Oh, Arnold Schwartzenegger, super Bowl Monday. Yeah. What was that like 5:00 AM Gold's Gym, 2:30 AM Really? It was so, no, it was like 5:00 AM and we get there and he's already like 15 sets in.


Yeah. Yeah. This was pretty early for me. So I feel like my brain's not even on yet. I'm a little bit worried about what I'm gonna say. Hell yeah. Great. Hell yeah. Liv, thanks for joining us this morning. It's 6:00 AM Here're in Manhattan. Brooklyn, where the we are. I just do as my handlers telling me. Same. Yeah. I noticed you came in with a Louis Vuitton bag and your title. Are you living outta that bag right now? Yeah. Yeah. I am. I just got that bag actually. It's nice. I was struggling with that. I don't know if you saw me. I was locked. No, you're a baller. You have, you know, BDE Liv. Do I? Yeah. for Sure. Good For Sure. I want that I Got intro. You. Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen.


It's Liv Morgan. Wow. Yay. The, the, the title that you currently have in your lap is the wo Women's World Championship. It. Okay. Okay. Okay. Congratulations, by the way. Thank you Thank you. Yeah. You worked very hard for that. I followed Now. I did though. Like I really did though. I know, I know you did. And you have a crazy story as well. Yeah. It's, it's something. All right. Especially right now. Yeah. With that Dominic. Oh Yeah. Daddy Dom. Ooh. Yeah. Do you bring that thing everywhere with you? I Do. Where's the craziest place you've ever brought it? Have You ever skied with it? No, I've never skied in my life. Oh, you, oh, actually, no.


Yeah, I've never skied no ski. I think I'd be good at it. Like I saw that South Park episode where they're like, pizza, French fry pizza, French fry. That's it. That's all you need. That's What, that's what I thought it would be. Where you, where are you from New Jersey? Not too far. Can I tell you? Can I tell, tell me. Yeah, tell me. I was gonna guess that. Oh, and don don't mean that in any type that No, don don't mean I like That Kind of. Yeah. It's a great state. I, I like it. Whatever You are thinking of Jersey and women like I am okay with No, No, don't turn into, don't turn anything into some sort of massage. And they stick to Wait, where in Jersey? Like what county? North Jersey, Burton County. Okay. Like 12 minutes from like Newark. Got it. Yeah. When people look at you, do they think you're a wrestler?


No. You don't look like a wrestler? No. No. They think of everything but a wrestler. Yeah. Yeah. I would say like, school teacher today. Well, because the glasses. Yeah. Do You know who current comp is? I do. Cool. Do do, do you see any, like, when you, do you see any personal resemblance to that? I can see what you mean. I wouldn't have thought that myself. Got it. But I can, I can. She's great, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Good friend of mine. Yeah. Yeah. We're just gonna throw a lot of random shit at you, like early in the morning. It's, it's so, it's way too early. You said you brand Isn't working. I'm on the same page. Like I, yeah. I need like a couple hours before I really start, you know, get going.


So this is gonna be interesting. But you, you have a show tonight, right? I do. Yeah. I'm gonna go right to Philly after this. Oh my gosh. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm excited though. That wrestler schedule is just so, it's, it's gonna be grueling You know. Yeah. That's why I'm not doing any of it right now, Bro. Huh? When are you coming? Full time? Ah, man. You know. I I'm a dad. Now. I just I Know, Spoke. I'm being You got lucky. Yeah. Being dad. Be a dad, dude. Wait, Can you, can you, I know this is your interview, but can you tell us how it is to be a dad? It's tiring. Liv. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's tough. She's, she's a kind of like a tricky baby. Yeah. She's complex and, and super dramatic. How so? Just like, like goes from zero to a hundred in, in one second.


And then the most confusing part is back down to zero from a hundred, like full tantrum and then asleep. And she leaves us confused. We're really just confused. Have you ever been pregnant? No. No? Okay. We got two there. Never been skiing, never been pregnant. Never Been skiing. Never been pregnant. Is it on your agenda. I've Been the Louis back for the first time. Yeah. Yeah. I was struggling. Do, are you trying to eventually like, have a baby? I think, I think in my life I eventually would like to have a baby. I feel like I would love a little live running around. And I feel like I love the idea of just having something that's just bigger than myself, more important than myself.


Like something that's truly just is more important than anything else that I have going on. Like, I kind of am like drawn to that kind of, I feel like I'm very selfish right now. Hmm. Which I'll own and I'm okay with it. Yeah. Fun. And you're aware. Yeah. No, no babies. No, no. Nothing like that. Right now, The phenomenon you just described does happen. You immediately lower on your own priority list. Yeah. As, as as, I don't Want that Yet. Yeah. Fair. Yeah. I was, I was ready to drop. Yeah, You are. Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. I'm number three now. Yeah. No Three. How, how is, how's Nina doing? Is she okay? She's, she, it's, it's hard being, I can't even imagine. I couldn't even imagine. That's like alien shit. It, it actually is A baby growing inside of your stomach.


The word jested. I feel like I'd be sick all the time. I guess you are right. That's why you're sick all the time. It's just like weird. Yeah. I also don't think you could do it with your schedule, but you could be, I'm like, for all the women in the wwe, like, like someone could be the first pregnant wrestler. No, no. Well, no. They could be. There's no, I'm strictly talking technically tech. Yeah. Yeah. They could. From a Technical standpoint. Yeah. All the moms at work, I'm just like, wow. You're incredible. Because I imagine myself when I have a baby, like I'm, I'm, I'm home. Yeah. I'm not coming back to work. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna stay home. Maternity leave. Yeah. So I think they're, they're so just incredible how they just do both. 'cause I can never Do Do you like have like visual visualizations of that day?


Like happening? I've never, yeah. I've never been a marriage or baby. So, 'cause it Like it's, I've never dreamt about that growing up. Ever. You're talking to someone who also mirror marriage, that sentiment. Like, it's not something that I've always like, that I've really like, thought through. Yeah. you know, and I like Did You know that you were gonna Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. for Sure. Yeah. You knew baby's marriage the whole night. Yeah. for Sure. I knew it. I knew it. I was excited. Do think that has anything to do with like an upbringing? No. My, no. My, I have a broken family. Yeah. And I'm like, I've been kind of just like noticing the people around me and the relationship that they're in and like, not that I know their personal lives, but I'll be like, oh, well that makes sense. 'cause their parents were like the same.


And I'm like, man, I'm so against, I'm not against anything, but I just am really not mentally there right now. And I'm like, man, Is it, my Is it, my trauma Is it because Is it, my trauma jersey Is It because its you from, Gosh. Maybe, maybe don Don't know. What kind of trauma are you talking about? don? Don't know. Just lots of childhood trauma. Really. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm, I'm okay. I'm very, I'm very like well adjusted, so it's okay. But yeah, I sit and wonder like, man, maybe I just am not into like marriage or kids just because I had no inkling of like a happy relationship growing up or seeing two people together. You know. But He, but like, you didn't have like the The world view You know perfect parental situation growing up either.


I certainly didn't. And so I don't know anything about what that looks like either. Not me either, but it's something I've been like, you know, thinking About. But you look at other people who also didn't, and they find a way to make it work. So like, the way I look at it is, does it have anything to do with what you choose to prioritize? Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like for me too, like I, I'm, I'm so focused on work and career that if you don't, I feel like if you don't actively make time and make space for that to enter your life, it, it won't You know I'd be a terrible partner right now. Well, you know that it's good that you know that it's good that you're aware of it and, and I'll Give you nothing. Yeah. It's, It's all about work. That's fair. It would be no. Yeah. Truly it Would be hard to date someone given your lifestyle, unless of course you'd be dating them while you're working, which, you know, happens Here and there.


Yeah. You know I've seen some things on tv. You and Dominic Mysterio. I mean, that's, that's crazy what happened there. 'cause he, you know, Dominic came on this exact podcast and man, he just, I saw you did see it. I did see it, yeah. Just so crazy. 'cause man, he was just so into Ray Raya rhe Ripley at the time. And you know, now it's just, what A loser. Oh man, you didn't Even say her name. Right. That's how much of a loser she Was. Well, 'cause my ex roommate and friend Noah had a dog named Raya. It's spelled the same way. And so You know Raya Ria. Yeah. That was, you know, last time we were in Philly, that's when last time we saw Dominic and re together, I attacked her. I injured her.


And now we're back here today. You have, you have, I think, gotten into traditional mainstream media with, with this, what was it? Like a love triangle? Yeah. It was a love triangle. Oh Yeah. I would say it's, it, it was like a love triangle. So what happened then though, that made Dom change his mind and completely jumped shit from rhe to Do I need ex explain myself? No, you know, daddy Dom, he, he acted hard to get at first, but I'm very persistent. Yeah, he did. I'm very persistent. And so it all worked out exactly the way that we had wanted it to. The fans want to know and, And rat raw, Basically. I mean, I want to know, the first time we saw this relationship with you and Dom Brewing was in like, the background of a TV shot.


Yeah. Right. There were rumors. Like, and, and, and there was this one room, which is way in the background of this shot where we saw a dirty Dominic walk out. And then moments later, Liv Morgan walked out. And so I, I walked out first. So Liv Morgan walked out and then moments later Dominic walked out. What was going on in that room? I could understand why the fans would want to know that. I don't think that I can really elaborate on that any further. But whatever you thought happened in that room probably happened in that room.


Are you good? You're good at this. She's trained. She's My goodness. My goodness. That's amazing. I've been crossing paths with you here and there for the three years that I've been here in the wwe. It's been cool. You work hard. You're always at the, the pc, the performance center. Say we at the pc, we run into each other a lot. Yeah. Yep. Thank You, you too. You you're putting in work. I I, yeah. But not nearly as hard as you were any of my peers. You don't know that Now. I'm a part-timer for now. You know. We'll see what happens. Yeah. But, well, Dad, so Yeah. Dad, dad paternity leave. Yeah. So weird. What so Crazy. It's just so weird that you just became a dad like that and like, so it's, I almost feel like You're giving dad energy now too. a hundred percent. That's not good. No, it's Not bad.


Do You know? Look at jeans. It's not bad. It's just like Denim. Just, just that color blue. That it's A blue Blue. And look, it's even got the hammer trap staple now they're cool. So if he has to like fix daughter they're, or something like that. They're Cool. Don't make them insecure. They're not dad jeans. Oh, they're great. One morning I was at the PC and you were there that morning as well, which I thought was insane because the night prior you had to run in with the police and, and I was like, wow. Liv's. She's back at work already. No one even knew. How crazy is that? I saw you and news hadn't even broke yet. Oh Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. You were talking about it.


Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. So pretty much as You know, The world knows I did have a run in with the law. It is all cleared up now. I'm not guilty. Oh. Oh, you're not? No, no. A little bit. No, not at all. It's a statute of limitations. You can you say no, There was no guilt found. It was dropped, no guilt dropped. What? Yeah. Well I don't understand. What was the mix up? They pulled you over just to get an autograph or something. 'cause I wasn't guilty. Well, You know what, honestly, let me take a moment. I cannot make light of the situation. You know. I was in a situation where there were, there were some things in my car that I was unaware of. And one of those things was a felony. And so I Got arrested, I bailed out and I called work right away.


Like my jail call was work. Like You called Triple H from jail. No, no, no. I called our head of talent relation at the time, Dan. I called. I called, I called Dan and I'm like, I just explained exactly what happened. And he was like, all right, we're gonna, let's figure this out. Just like stay hushed. Go to work tomorrow. Don't tell anyone, do your thing. So I go to work tomorrow to do my rehab. And I'm just like so guilty in that moment. You know. I'm feeling like so shameful. I'm so upset. I really don't want work to be mad at me. I do a lot of community work within WB and I'm like, man, I'm just like, ruined everything on something that was my fault. But like, not my fault, but I, to take responsibility. Of course it's my car. You know I'm gonna take full responsibility for it. But yeah, I showed up to work that day just like, do, do.


But I was so guilty and I saw you and no, you, we just had a normal conversation. Normal. So normal. I'm So shitty. We had a normal conversation you would've never known. And then I think it was like SmackDown. This was a Thursday. I Got arrested on a Thursday. The next day was Friday. Got to the performance center, saw you, the news broke that night. Eight o'clock on the dot when Morgan arrested. And I just was like, whew. It was faster than I thought. They Were fast. Yeah. How did they, how did it make you feel when you saw that that first I was okay. I just, I think what I had already said is I had felt bad. I didn't want to lose my standing at work. I didn't want them to think that I was like this criminal. I had worked so hard to like get in the position that I was in and I thought I just ruined everything.


So I was just upset. I thought I'd ruined my career. Doesn't it kind of like, just add to your image a little bit. don Don't know. What is my image? I don't.


Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of 'em, I'm Ross Osborne with phase two. Our business is cybersecurity and identity services. But our mission is helping veterans and their families navigate into their second phase of life. Prince William economic development connected us with local partners and they've truly helped us grow while maintaining our mission focus. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.


Well, I just mean, I just mean like The mugshot was like cute. A You know bad girl image. And, and by the way, he's, he like, he's completely comfortable talking to convicted felons. Like it's, that's not Yeah. An abnormal thing for him. You know he sits next to him quite a Well, It's, he got expunged. It's been expunged. He can go back to Canada. Now, I have to get mine expunged too, actually. I think. Well you got five, what, five, six, seven years Before. It takes a little while, but were you, were you worried like D does, like, okay, does ww e when you go and you're like, you, so first you're like, okay, we want you to pick this human up and just smash him through a table, right? Like that's the first thing they say to you. The do they then do like a background check after you kill the person After?


No. You all that stuff's done before you, There really is a background check. Yeah. I'm not sure how deep it goes, but there's definitely a background check. You know. I don't think It's that deep. They didn't really look at me at all. Oh really? You got lucky. Yeah. Yeah. No, I was You know, not a criminal when I signed a wv. So there was nothing really to research on me. Well, you are not A criminal now. Technically Still not a criminal. And I like you said the mugshot as well. Like, Thank goodness. At what Point Is it worth it. Thank goodness. Honestly, it looked good. Did you? I would've been so much more upset if it was a bad mugshot. Oh, It was a good one. What's so crazy? It, it wasn't like a great one, but it was like good You know. It was like, It wasnt one take, It was one take.


And you know, it's crazy. Even the officer, she was like, Ooh, like you're gonna go viral No way. I swear, I swear. She was like, you're gonna go viral. It's a good one. Wow. Wow. I was like, Is it. She was like, yeah, I Got you. And I was like, Thank you. Do you think she would've let you take a second one? Yeah, I do. Really? I do. I do. Yeah. It's just a crazy, 'cause that day I had like a hair appointment. I had an eyebrow appointment. How long, all These appointments, how long were you at the station for? Like two hours. Did you try to like, get into character a little bit? Like when you were, did you go into the holding cell? No, they, they just let me like roam the lobby. Oh really? Yeah. So like, they were like, are you gonna bail out tonight? And I was like, yeah. And they're like, all right, You should have just sent it for the plot and just not, and just waited till Monday. No. 'cause I was already like, just the two hours was rough.


I was like, I don know how people do this for overnight, for years, for days, for Overnight. It gets so much Steeper. I was, for the two hours, I was like, I couldn't, I couldn't do it. And I wasn't even locked up. I was just walking around the lobby and I was like, this is terrible. I'll tell you how they do it. I they get used to it. No, no. It you, you seriously? Like I was in a Mr. Beast challenge and it kind of felt like prison. And eventually, like after the 12th hour, I just got used to it. No, I was like one 20 in and I was like, I'm gonna lose my mind. Whoa. Yeah. Have you considered making t-shirts out of your mugshot Donald Trump style? No. Something to think about. I actually, I was gifted some T-shirts, which are mugshot style.


Those are interesting. Sometimes fans show up to my meet and greets and they have my mugshot on a T-shirt. And at first I was like, ha ha ha. But then I'm like, I don, maybe I don't like that. And I'm undecided. I'm like, do I wanna find that rude and be like, get outta my line or am I okay with it? 'cause you know, don don't know if I love or hate you right now. Mm. So don don't know how I feel about it. How do you handle fan interactions? Are you generally receptive and, and and positive to meeting fans? Yeah, I think I'm, I think I'm too receptive and too Positive. They take advantage of it. No, but I just feel like, I don't know, like I am, I'm a bad girl now. And so like, don't ask me for a photo at the airport.


You know. 'cause I'm really wanna say yes, but I'm gonna like, can you, I'm Gonna like say I wanna see, I'm gonna be, I'm Thank you You know. I'm gonna be like, no thanks. You know what a real bad girl would say, fuck off. Yeah, fuck off. I'm not, I'm not taking your photo. I'm Liv Morgan. I know. So I'm trying to like You're too nice. Yeah. I'm trying to like at the airports and You know just be like, no. Like no Thank. you Thank You want practice on us. You Still say Thank you. Yeah, I'll say, I'll say no Thank you for Sure. I'll No Thank You Liv. Still so nice. I saw your mats last night in Philly. It was great. Can I take a selfie with you? Fuck you Sick. This is great Joe, you try. No, I'm good. But no, It's, it's an adjustment.


I just feel grateful. You know. I just feel grateful for the fans. I feel like a lot, I owe a lot of my success to them and so it's hard for me to kind of deny them, but now I'm gonna deny them. I'm sorry y'all. I'm gonna deny you. Yeah. Fair. Do you spend like too much time with them when you run into 'em? Do you find yourself? Oh yeah. I'll chitchat, I'll talk. I mean, I love, I love people. I love to interact with people. I'm a people person, so Yeah. I'll sit and talk, ask 'em how their day was You know. Next thing I know it's like I'm seven minutes and I'm gonna miss my flight and I'm like, I gotta go. Bye. Yeah. Any, any weird interactions? Because I, I know always. I know this was, yeah, WWE fans can get, they can get odd, you know, like great, great fans but man some of 'em are just like specifically the ones that like boo me and boo you. Like they're just weird. Yeah.


You know. I I like it though. Ha ha. Has there been any like interactions where you've had to kind of like, put up your red flag and, and and actually tell 'em to fuck off? Yes and no. Like there's a couple times where I've signed like a billion autographs. You hear that right? Yeah. Pretty crazy. Yeah. What Is, what is that? Cringe beeping. Sounds like a dump truck. So cringe. Yeah, They're working out there. Stop. I almost had to, I almost had to like walk down the Street. You're so weird dude. What? El ora for the fucking El ora for the, for the beach. Can I ask you, I can I ask you about your training for interactions that got uncomfortable because, and it it bri it brings us to the journey of how you got here to Yeah. Become the women's show.


Oh, I'm the best at Uncomfortable Interactions. Oh. And I wanna, and I know one reason why You know why. Yes. Where where did you work prior to the WWE Hooters. Okay. I want to paint this picture. Okay. Because I, I was a patron at Hooters at one point. Now I've had a girlfriend who worked there. Yeah, okay. Her name was Jackie. She was also blonde. So I know how the whole, That's such like a Hooters girl. A hundred percent. I know how the whole top line, I know how the whole scheme goes. Like she had a favorite manager. There was somebody that would walk her out at the end of the night and then there were her regular, regular Whoa No way. So Whoa. Yeah, I really do.


Come on. It's Hooters bro. Come on. Did working at Hooters with your regulars, I'm sure you had one named like Henry for example. There Was no Henry. No, No. Can you say that? Can you gimme a couple of the names? Ah, yeah there was a Jeff. There was an Eddie. There was Eddie Usher. A Sam. We had a couple Sams. Any Gerald's? No Geralds. Yeah. Gerald's was scary. Okay, so I'm sorry, I'm just painting out this picture really quick. So we're here we are, we're at a, at a Jersey Hooters. Which those two iconic Combined, Like those two combined should really paint the picture of what we're talking about here. Like I are, in my mind I saw a dump truck drive by or like a garbage truck drive by the Hooters.


'cause it's just jerseys. Sorry. Anyways, did that train you at all for uncomfortable interactions for Sure? For Sure? Yeah. I feel like Hooters taught me a lot of people skills, communication skills. I feel like who's coming through? You guys got another guest coming? I think so, yeah. What is With the sound effects in here, Our time is up. But thanks for Taking us Thank you. I feel like it taught me a lot of manners. Definitely how to kind of unscathed my way through uncomfortable situations. But what I learned about uncomfortable situations is like I'm only uncomfortable 'cause I feel like you're uncomfortable. Yep. Like I'm okay with being uncomfortable 'cause I'm not uncomfortable. But I feel like you're uncomfortable by this, by this interaction.


So I'm like trying to save you really out of it. Which I can totally, totally relate to that. That's like a ton Way is That's away is that trauma though too? Oh it's like, it's like a shared, it's almost like a shared anxiety. Yeah. It's like I'm feeling anxiety for you. Like you can't make me uncomfortable, but I'm just so worried about you being uncomfortable that I'm trying to fix this for you. Do You know what? Do, do you wanna know what that's actually called? Social anxiety. Is it a hundred percent. Gosh, really? That's literally what that is. You're you're actually thinking about someone's reaction to you more than what you're feeling about yourself at the time. So like do do you feel that in like public settings? No, No. I, I just At Hooters Just more so like I feel like you're embarrassed and so I'm embarrassed that you feel embarrassed.


Oh my gosh. It's not, it's not in correlation to me it's like really about you got it. Like I don't want you to feel weird and uncomfortable and so if you're like embarrassing yourself, I'm gonna try to like slide in there and like save you. I Please save me. Yeah. I am embarrassed of myself to be honest from always. You're doing good today I would. It's like seven and a half. It's just so early. It's really early. I would've had some more stories and stuff, but it's Okay. Me too. Probably When you were hooting Hooters. Nice. Is is that like an environment where you kind of learn to embrace your sexuality or is that something you've always kind of had in you? 'cause 'cause you really do on tv, You know we've seen you do some pretty crazy things with that Dirty Dom again.


No, I definitely think Hooters is like my introduction into I think embracing my sexuality. But I think so to be kind of opened my mind to it more. I think when I started my career in wv, I was like very modest. I wore pants and a crop top and you couldn't see like anything. Like I was just covered and I always thought like, this is how I want to be like presented. Like I can go the other way but I'm gonna just be very modest 'cause I want like my work to speak for itself. And then over the years they're like, You know we need to live to grow up a little bit. And I was like, oh man, like I know what this means.


And so I was like apprehensive. And then after I started You know, dressing a little bit more scandalous. I did find that power in like the sexualization of it all. you know, don don't know. I don't know. So it definitely kind of opened my mind to I guess my sexuality as you put, just because I was a little bit more modest and kind of just like, didn't wanna be viewed as that. But Now I see it and I'm like, it's totally a power. It totally is. Like when they say women run this shit like they are so they mean it. Well It's just so entertaining. It's so entertaining. Like that was a great answer And I I I see it again now that I'm a dad.


I, I'm watching, I'm watching you kind of embrace that and it's, it's cool You watch me and you're like, damn, I don't want my daughter to be Like her. No, no. That's not what I think at, at all. No, no, no. Okay. Not at all. I wouldn't be offended. It's okay because I'm curious. I'm curious. I wonder if what do you mean comes what Do across do you mean the champion of the No, Just like, I wonder if, I wonder like how it comes across You know. No, it comes across as fantastic entertainment. Okay, cool. That it's just, we're watching a show. It's a show. I'm watching a show on tv. Like I don't want, I don't this good B blend. Vanilla. How good. Yeah, it's, it's the best. It's just also such, It's so fun, Weird like situation that we're in like in this current like hyper moment right now where everyone is so like questioning like the idea of showing that sexuality again.


Like it's almost like we've like reverted to like the 1950s. Like when you look at the conversations online nowadays is like, is this too scandalous? Like it it for, for a while it was like completely opened up and everybody was cool with it, with the idea of it. And now we're like almost like swinging back a little bit to this More like conservative Like society. It's like we just always go back and PenFed Depends. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's too sexy. It's not sexy enough. You know. I feel like that's always gonna be the case. Really. So You think we're going back to pants suits? What do you mean? Like Hillary Clinton style dress for the wwe e like you think the pendulum will swing that far back. Corporate attire Don don't know. I think everyone can kind of do what they want. I'm thinking about really embracing my sexuality when I What do you wanna Do?


Speedo. Speedo? Something like something like that. Like basically more skin Speedo than or shorts. Yeah. You could do like, yeah, Please don't Do that. Boxers Don't do that. Please. You could pierce your nipples. No Please. Don. I thought I pitched that to my friends. They all said no and I don it Before I don. I don't know how gosh, that would hurt so bad. There's like no healing process. I feel like don don't know. You take one front bump like no, It hurts so bad. Yeah. Do you have any piercings? My ears Tattoos? Yeah. One Where The back of my neck. Gangster. What's it Say? It's just the day I debuted on the main roster with the riot squad. 11 21 17. Is that the most important day of your life?


I think it, yeah. I think it was the most important day of my life. I, maybe it still is. I don't know. I haven't really thought about the most important day of my life, but it definitely was a moment that I know I'll love forever. And when they had pitched getting a tattoo, I was like, no. And they were like, what if we got the day we debuted And I was like, okay, I'm okay with that because I'll, I know I'll love that forever. Would you ever get Dominic's face like tattooed on the side of your neck Or on your face? Maybe like a temp. I'll do a little Tempe. Do You look at him as a temp? No, we're permanent baby. Oh really? Don don't know The way Dom runs, I mean, who knows? Not no offense. I just seen him You know do so many dirty backstabbing things. I'm not saying anything but not though.


Yeah, we'll see. Yeah, we'll see. Well, Nope. No. Do you get along with his father? Oh, Ray Mysterio. Yeah. Dominic You know he really doesn't, he really doesn't like his father. Yeah, We've, we've So, so I don't like his father either. But that's kind of unfortunate. Like maybe there's a world where you could be the glue, the bridge to mend that relationship. I feel like maybe if Ray had accepted his son You know, or maybe if he like turns a new leaf and accepts his son for who he is, then I'd be open to it. But right now it's like, hmm, you're not really deserving. I see What. is it about Dom that you find most attractive?


Is it his mullet. It's the mullet. It's the stash. I think we, I appreciate working with someone that's like so grounded and grounding. 'cause I'm like chaotic. I'm a mess. I'm a maniac backstage and he's so calm and cool and collective and I find that really helpful for me. Yeah, he really is. He is. He is. He's like cool guy all the time. How is he so cool guy? He just says like, he just nothing like really like phases him. I'm phased by everything.


Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County And I'm one of them. I'm Harsha Raja Simha. With GVA Clinical Trials. We make AI powered software that transforms clinical trials, saving researchers time and money while impacting patient lives. Our Ignite Startup grant came at a critical moment and we appreciated the business mentoring we received to help extend our startup runway. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.


I think that's true. You just said you're good at being uncomfortable. Yeah, I know, but I'm like manic though. Like I can take anything in the chin and I can be okay with it, but like, well I guess scenarios at work, I'm super duper duper manic and I'm just like kind of always going crazy in life. Way opposite. But at work I think it's because like I care obviously. So in life do you not care? Not as much. Yeah. Not as much. So you do, do you kind of like fly by the seat of your pants? Could you, could you take that bag right now and just go to like Spain For no reason? Not right now. I'm gonna Monday raw. Oh, sorry. Nah Bro. Okay, so no mind, you're not gonna to my or no, I'm not gonna Spain right now. Okay, that makes sense.


But if you didn't have to go there, could you just like go In? No, I'm, I'm a chill home. Oh really? Are you a chill home type? I'm, I'm home. I was gonna ask, what's your free time look like? You'd like you playing video games, free Video games, movies, take care of the farm animals. You actually play video games, Sleep. Yeah, I like, like RPG. Really? Yeah. That's insane. Why? Because there is a world where you are kind of pretty much just Karen a cop. Yeah, that is true. Do you stream? I'm actually about to start. I'm about to start. I have a cool little concept. Wait a second. She has, I'm not gonna Play Video games though. She has a huge farm. Whatcha Gonna do? I'm gonna have a movie night with Liv Movies night, movie Night with Liv Whoa Whoa for all the guys who can no longer look at you at Hooters.


How good they're gonna be watching that. How good the Jeffs How there I'm gonna have all the all the Sams. Yeah. The Gerald all Eddie. Yeah. They're all gonna come tune in and have a little movie night With Liz. They were probably so sad when you left. Yeah. Like what do you what like think of if you're a regular at Movie, you find a new one. Trust me. Well, like they just move on To a different, they They just move on to Next. don don't know. I was in the calendar. I was like on the next Wait, the month, the calendars. That's the New Jersey Hooter calendar or, or were you an actual No, It was, it was the international. What month were You? I wasn't a month. I was in a month. We had like a northeast page of like the, That's how like six of us. Like you go to look for what month it is and it just says Northeast.


Like it just wasn't, No I didn't, I had to make a month, but we had month, but then there were just like certain pages I guess of girls that they liked but weren't featured as a month. Okay. Back to the streaming for a second. Yeah. Have you, have you tried streaming? Nope. It, Nope, I don't know anything about it. And you, and you are, and you are sure that you want to go down that path? Path? I already signed my paperwork. Holy shit. Liv Twitch Partner. Wow. It is a major commitment. I I'm only gonna do like once a week 'cause I already know. That's fine. That's Fine. Like I, I I don Dunno that I can sit and dedicate myself to playing video games for like 12 hours. You know once in a while because I'll do that. I'll just stay up and I'll just like play video game till it's done. But you're not but you're not playing table Three three not playing video 24 hours.


I know, I know. But that's why I'm, I'm so inconsistent with my video game playing. I'll binge and then I won't touch it forever. But like a movie night, I could definitely do a movie night once a week. What does that mean? That's realistic. What does that mean? Like what do you do? Like how do you, how Is it a movie night on stream. Like You're gonna, I'm gonna be like, Hey guys at eight o'clock, come on my stream. And then in 3, 2, 1 we're all gonna watch Scream. Oh. Oh, you all watch it together? Yeah. I is that, I don't know. I can't, I can't play it. Like I can't play the audio. No. Or the video. So You guys all cl sink up? No. You, you Were gonna watch me watch the movie pretty Much. No, that's, no, I like that. That's very cool. But we can talk about it and We can react together. You know. What would you say to your chat right now?


Like Wow, that was scary. Sounds okay. Sick. Have you ever been verbally or digitally accosted by a 13-year-old before? No. Probably The chat functionality on streaming is ru is Is it ruthless. I don't even want to use the word ruthless 'cause that wouldn't cover it. It is. I like, don't care is demon. Do you have mods? Do you have mods set up? I I, no, not yet. Do you even know what that means? It's like moderators. Nice. Yes. Moderators. So they need to go through and just remove people from the chat or like time 'em out when they're saying like raunchy, like Yeah, I don, 12-year-old Stuff. I don't care. I feel like I'm so immune to like anything anyone would have to say.


And I know a lot of people say that, but it just really doesn't bother me. I feel like I decided really early in my career. Like we're just like, check out. We're just not gonna care whether it's good and whether it's bad. I equally don't care. Okay. So that's awesome. Yeah. Like I care about what my boss thinks. Like, you know what my boss thinks about me. I care and what you have to say, please tell me. But anyone else? Not as far as like feedback from like my peers, but like anyone else, I kind of really just the Peanut doubt. I don't Care At all. That's such a, that's such a position of power. And, and and the key. It's it's freeing honestly because I, I see You know sometimes my coworkers struggle with like things that are said online. And I like, I feel that and I have empathy for that. But I wish like you can just not care. 'cause it's so much easier to just not care.


It's not easier. It's harder. It's, it's, it's learned and it's a skill. I promise you. But I guess I just learned. 'cause I feel like it's just, Just No, I think I Must have learned it forever ago. You said it though. I think, I think the key is you can't get caught up in the lows or the highs. Yeah. You like, don't let yourself get gassed up by the p same people who will tear you down in one second for Sure. Like, because 'cause it will happen, especially for Sure. You're gonna be around for a while. You're gonna have both sides of the coin and just like, focus on your work and focus on you. Yeah. But it's, I'm telling you that mindset's not like easy to adopt. It must be my trauma maybe for you. Yeah. What's this trauma like? Do you wanna unpack Something? No, no, no. I keep on, I keep on saying it now. Now I'm just playing. Now I'm just playing. No, we, we, we we're both traumatized by a lot of shit.


It's probably why we are the way we are him more than me. Mike's Mike's been through the ringer. I I bet he's been to your Hooters. Yeah. Crack out of his mind. Yeah. Yeah. It's possible for 17. It's, it's possible. I didn't really spend a lot of time in Jersey. I'll probably serve you. It's my name's Eddie. Mike. Government name. Yeah. Is Eddie. Seriously though, like I I I'm just so confused. All right. A girl working at Hooters who's like, I'm gonna be a wrestler. Like what? That's You know. I don't see the Yeah, you don't see the correlation, right? No. don don't see it. Yeah. So I grew up a fan of w since I was five years old. I have four older brothers and I kind of, oh, You do have older brothers. Four. You give that kind of vibe. Vibe X. Oh, that makes sense. Sure. Yeah. World older brothers and I like wanted to be just like them.


So anything they liked, I liked. And so they introduced me to wwe, BE and growing up in my very like chaotic, dysfunctional household, like it was my escape. Truly. I know like everyone says that, but I, it didn't matter what was going on in my house, it didn't matter what was breaking, what was being thrown if police were there. Like WB on my TV was my like saving grace. And so I just fell in love with it right away. Like the theatrics, the entertainment, the aggressiveness Grew up with tomboy, like I said. And so Did you Play sports? No. No. I was so Interesting. Yeah. But then how can you like join and all of a sudden be doing incredibly athletic Moves? I think I just was kind of naturally like a little bit athletic.


I think it was really like my like heart and my desire to like wanna be so good. That just gave me the courage to like try things. But yeah, I grew up in a very ca household, loved wbe and kind of just grew up a super fan my whole entire life. Fast forward a little bit, I jumped out of high school my sophomore year and I went and got my GED and across from the GED center was at Hooters. And I never would've thought of working at Hooters. Ever. At, At what like 16. I was, yeah. Yeah. I think I was 17 now at this point. This Is actually crazy. You wait, you dropped outta high school. Why? My mom became ill and so I missed a lot of days and so they wanted to retain me a year and I, I didn't want to, so I dropped out Whoa.


And in talking about this, I don't want anyone to feel like, oh look at Liv. She is so successful. And she died of high dropped out of high school. Like I don't condone or recommend that I somehow figured my way through, which is crazy 'cause You know Now we have the NIL program where we're like recruiting collegiate, collegiate athletes. Yeah. But yeah, that was not me. That was not me. I had kind of no stake in being a WWE superstar. Had like no money, no connections, was not a crazy athlete. I just loved it so much. So I work at the tutors and I get introduced to a man named Joe DeFranco. And Joe DeFranco is a world renowned strength and conditioning coach.


He trained Triple H and Stephanie Weekly. And so I just pretty much told him my story and he was like, all right, well no promises, but you can come and work out at my gym and we'll just like see if We can get anything going. And so I worked out in his gym. He only was training like NFL guys at the time, so I just hopped in with his NFL boys. I never worked out a day in my life. I didn't even know like what workout wear it was. I think I wore like sweatpants and like a sports bra and I just jumped in and had no idea what I was doing. I just jumped in and I just worked out with the guys. And then he reached out to WWE for me and was like, Hey, we have this girl. And I think like she's worth a look. I had just That's so wild. So crazy. That's an insane, so crazy. So I had just missed the first tryout and they were like, all right, in six months we have another one.


Keep training and then we'll fly you in. And so I trained with Joe every single day for six months. I would go to him in the morning, then go to my hooter ships at night, and then the truck came and I was just like so prepared, like conditioning wise, I was so prepared. And then I Got signed and it was just like the craziest blessing in my whole entire life. Like what I thought was like the biggest mistake I had made turned out to be this crazy blessing in disguise. And so that's why even when bad things happen, I'm like, no, like there's a greater purpose for this. Like wisdom. This didn't just happen just to like deter me like this happened because in a roundabout way, You know, maybe not next week, maybe not next month, but like, I'm gonna grow or learn or soar from this experience.


So when you are kind of like delusional like that, anything bad happens to you, it's like, what's really that bad? How could it really be bad? It's a lesson. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, that's another position of power. At least in your mind, you know, for Sure. Yeah. I'm like, no, nothing's ever happening bad to me. It's, it's some kind of weird warped make outta this good. Yeah. you know what you said it, it's, it's a bit delusional Sometimes. Oh, for Sure I'm like optimistically delusional. But I'm okay with that. A delusional optimist. Yeah. I call myself that all the time. Yeah. But it's, it's again just hard, hard mindset. Easier said than done. I think with something like that, it's easier to Be at the opposite. Yeah. Everything sucks. And Pessimist, I'm Such like a fan of like positive speaking, positive self-talk.


You seem pretty positive. I I like really kind of typically am just, 'cause like I, that's how I truly like live my life. I just try to just make the best out of any situation and spin it delusively into how it's like in my favor. I mean, your life kind of gives that like someone's gonna watch this and, and that, that like leap from where you were to where you are now is like super inspirational and definitely like, resonates with people. You know. Thanks You know because there's a lot of, dude, there's probably somebody working at like a sandwich shop right now that wants to work at nasa. I know, but I'm like, I Wanna be so bad. They're holy shit. Like, no, you should work at nasa, but like you totally can do it. Yeah. But you, I I believe that I believe in that for anyone.


Like I wish that more people had like a faith or belief in themselves that they could achieve what they wanna achieve. And I could understand, like you can look at me and be like, ha ha ha so easy. But it's like I had to take those same steps that you did too. Like I had to start somewhere You know. And granted my path is like different, but I just would like to encourage anyone just like take a step towards it. But another thing about you that is interesting and I think super important to people to, to hear about is like, you had the, you have, you have like a say Yes mentality. You know what I'm saying? Like, like you could have very well been like, no don don't wanna go work out with a bunch of NFL players. Like, I I guess part of it just comes down to like confidence, but but some of it is also just like openness to just saying yes to shit.


Yeah. Like that movie. Yes. Man is like, so like, I haven't watched Oh, it's so great. Is. it, it's just such an interesting, I'm gonna do that on my touch. Yeah, you should. No, you movie night would live. But it's such a, it's such a cool way to live because that's how I've always lived. Like I've said, I say yes to every like even crack. Yeah. And so, wow. Yeah. How was that not good? Mm. I wouldn't recommend that too. I'll stay away. Zero. I would say zero of 10 people should try crack. But I, I've said yes to e and I mean everything. And and that's why like linking up with him has been interesting because he'll just be like, Hey, I'm gonna rent out a spaceship today. Like the whole thing, we're gonna go into space. Space. I'm just thing, I'm like, and I'll be in Vegas and like, I remember when he told me like, I woke up and like had to like kick a girl out of the room in a hurry because I had to go get on a spaceship with him.


And like you her, I had slept. You could've brought her bro. No, No, no. Good enough. It was like she definitely couldn't have gone, this girl would've changed the dynamic of this entire space flight. Oh, she Was one of those. Yes. We didn't go to space. We went to space close. Where'd You guys go? Zero G. Yeah, we did ba these crazy bank turned para over like Arizona testing grounds. And I'm telling you like I hadn't slept and I, at any moment I could have just hurled everywhere. And I've so many stories like that with him where he's just like throwing things in the air and they're just like floating and we're in space and then we're in like two days later we're like at Stonehenge with like an centric billionaire. No, but it happens.


'cause You know Yes to life we Say. Yeah. Yeah. Bringing it back full circle. Circle. It's because we say we both like to say yes to like trying stuff. And I think that's an important anecdote from your story as well. Yeah. It's cool to see your, your, your character evolution in the WWE e Yeah. Yeah. When, when I, when I first started watching you, you were, you were definitely not this version of Liv. What, What, what was I when you started watching? Was I right squad Liv? Was it pre-write squad Liv. Was it? I'm crashing Lana's wedding because I'm in love with her. Liv was it? I'm on the chase to win money. The bank live. Was it? I beat Rhonda Rousey live.


Yeah. So it's 2022 live. Yes. Yes. That checks out in my timeline. Yes. Yeah. Just crazy. She doesn't exist anymore. No, she's Gone. She's gone. Do you have a say in what your character looks like? Yeah. And you, does someone pitch to you like, oh, you're gonna be, you're gonna be like a, like dom's like side chick for a second? The only, The only time that someone's ever told me like aesthetically was when I was very modest and kind of got to like grown up live what I was speaking about lip before. It's the only time I've ever been told like, hey, let's change our look a little bit. But other than that, like who, Who, who tell Is that a hard conversation? Like who says that to you? No, it, no, it was just a female writer that was like, we're thinking maybe You just, you're too, you're too buttoned up live.


You just like, let your hair down, Just grow up a little bit. You know, like grow up, grow up a little bit. I was like, okay. I know that means okay. Oh my gosh. But I think it was right. I think it was right. I was like very chaotic live right squad blue tongue pink hair. Like she needed to mature and to grow and so Yeah, You know what's crazy. We, oh, I just got the 10 minutes symbol from Dylan and now he's like standing like kind of ominously in the background. Yeah. What was that like thing you just said? Get, go over that way? Are you doing code behind me? You could do it in front of me. No, He was just saying for your time. And the reason I bring it up is because like I'm looking through here and like, you got killed by Chucky. Oh, Let's hit it then. Rapid S go. No, no, no, no. But you're, you're a farmer. You want, you randomly.


This is crazy. You want to become a realtor? WI Don't Like that's, I guess You own a cyber truck. Yeah. You own a cyber truck. Are you? I guess that's the thing. Like where's the throughout? I don't know who I amm anymore. Yeah. Like What's Going on? I'm just evolving. don. Don't know. How's Your, how's your cyber truck? I love It. Do you? I love it. Yeah. You know. I I Love it. Does it have sharp? It's so cool. Does it have any sharp edges? It, it does have sharp edges. Yeah. They're not like, so they're not gonna cut you sharp, but they're pretty sharp. It's so simple and minimalistic inside, but just filled with so much technology. It's like insane. It's like a conundrum of how simple but complex this car is.


But I love it. Have you any problems? Love It. Have you, have you had any problems with it? No. I mean, I, it's like one day old, so I just got it like two Days ago. Oh. Oh, it's, you just got It. I just, just just got it. Yeah. Oh, congrats. Like I, I know Thank you. It's cool. It's so quiet. I still have my other car too. My, my, my Jeep. That I Got arrested in. Gonna keep it forever sick. And I drove both yesterday and I was like, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa. I didn't realize like how like shitty my Jeep sounded and how loud it was and how noisy this cyber truck is so smooth and just doesn't make a noise. It's great. Damn. You're a real gangster. Just pull up in the cyber truck. Louis Vuitton suitcase come out with the boots on the belt product.


That's fucking, oh, wait. So you are a farmer though? 'cause it says you have 27 animals in my PDF. That's a great line. I'm not a farmer. Like I don't homestead. I'm not milking the cows and drinking their milk and, but you have a farm eating them? I have a farm and animals. I actually downsized. I don't have 27 animals anymore. How many I did? Wait, wait, wait. How do you downsize? I have like 12. Do you have meat? Well, no. I moved. I moved. And so I had to like get A new farm. I Got, a new farm. And I had to give some animals away. But what was tricky is because I'm not a homesteader and because I'm not gonna eat these cows, it was really hard to find someone who wanted 12 cows. You love animals though. Love. So no boyfriends except Dirty.


Dom. Yep. And then animals. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. What is this? Dylan? Silly. That's accordion. That's accordion. Accordion. Wait, You know who else? Squids going away from each Other. Do You know who else has a farm? Who Time, more time. A whole farm with animals. Op. Not even kidding. We're like twinsies, huh? No, no. She has a full farm. Streams. Wears those type of glasses. Same type of outfits. I'm telling you the, like, the longer you stay here, the commonalities are just continuing. And you want, if you like, wants Real, if you get into stream world, there could be a, a major collab. Collab there. Yeah. And by the way, the, the world's crossing over. That'd be insane. That'd be insane. See what happens. I wanted to ask you about just like a, like actually wrestling.


Yeah. Because, 'cause something I've noticed about wrestling is that it really hurts me in my body. I'll ask you. How are you feeling? It's just so hard, Liv. It's just, it's so hard. It's just, it's really, it's the hardest thing thing I've ever done. People don't realize. No, they have no idea how hard It Is. Lemme tell you something. The first thing I did as is everyone, when they get around a WWE e ring, I went up and I went, oh, all right. Let's see how bouncy this mat is. Right? And I touched it and it didn't move at all. And I was like, to the Miz, I go, wait, y'all really are like, wait, this is what we're falling on. Like where's the bouncy? Yeah. Where's the bouncy mat? Yeah. And he's like, nah, man, this Is it. And I, I guess I just didn't expect it to, to be that hard. Both like literally. And also just in general. H how are you not like in all the women in general in more pain?


don? Don't Know. I don't know. Like, it's hard for me. I'm like a tough guy. I feel like maybe don don't know. I'm like 10 years in now. October 27th is like my 10 years in wv. Maybe it's just like the callous of my body. Just like consistently just, you know, being put through it. And also, I think it hurts more when you're not full-time. True You know That is, that is totally true. you know, you, when you dibble dabble and as as tense as you go, You know. Like, you're gonna feel it more than me who's doing that like three nights a week. I've noticed. I've noticed that. Yeah. When I'm more regular, it actually hurts less. Yeah. What, the one time I saw you at the pc, I think you were just at the end of rehabbing a, an injury that you said was like your first injury ever? Yeah. My first like, major injury.


I had surgery on my shoulder. I tore my labrum, my rotator cuff, my bicep. And just Did it all. Just did it all. Fucked it up. Did it all one fell swoop. Yeah. And what was that process like? Injuries can really fuck with someone's mentality. Yeah. I was obviously upset just because, because I want to work, I want to wrestle in wv I was on like a really good trajectory when I was, when I Got injured. And so I was just like, of course right As like, I'm getting like, you know, going, I am gone. But it was okay. It was okay. I just rehabbed You know. I really didn't think much about it really. Like, I kind of just accepted it and I was like, all right, I'm gonna be in the sling for two weeks and I'm gonna start rehab.


And then that's just what I did. But how, how long was it? It was long, right? It was like about six months. Yeah. That's, That's a very long time for an injury. You think so? Bless you. No, no, no. I, I know. So I've been, I've been riddled with injury my whole life. I've, I've only had a couple that were like the six to eight month range. I didn't think that was Long. No, that's on the, that's on the long end for Sure and that, and I'm telling you, that type of injury can really mentally deter a lot of people. Yeah. In in, in pursuing their craft. Yeah. At least, at least for me. But like, You know you love what you do and, and No, I was coming back. I was like, you knew like, yeah, I knew I was gonna be okay. He lost one of his nuts in a pogo stick Accident. Not, not completely and half, no. 15%. Yeah. Wow. But he was still able to play The job.


It wasn't the pogo stick that was separate. That was Bad. Trampoline, accident, Trampoline. I, no, that's also separate. I've been, I've been like, look, injuries have fucked me up. So I, I pray that you stay healthy. Yeah. Thank. you, me too. I mean, wow. Is it Is it your technique. Like, how are you like, because I, again, I've not been doing this for nearly as long as you and I, you know, like I said, it hurts. Like, how are you not, how are you not getting more rattled, more frequently? Maybe Technique. Just like You know. Just the amount of, You think it's Joe DeFranco? I'm Doing it. Maybe, maybe that's why my neck is so strong. Keep that chin up. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's just You know. Like What. is it like you 10,000 hours, that's something.


Yeah. Have you logged your 10,000? I don't Know actually. I, I, as I was saying that, I was like, do I have 10,000 hours? don? Don't know. I would assume so after 10 years. But I think just the reps and just doing it so much and just doing it so often. I mean, since I was 20 years old, it's all I've done and it's all I've like wanted to do. And it's all I've put energy into. And so I think, you know, if I was having so many things on my plate like you do, I probably You know. You know. It would hurt more. Yeah. When are you gonna give up this joke of a career and become a realtor? Like your dreams are telling you? You know, I Honestly, dude, there's a lot of people out there looking for dual. I Don't wanna be a Realtor anymore. I don fucking living. No, I just wanna buy properties and just wait. What?


Yeah, bro. I don PDF is ass bro. No, it was true. I I was, It says you wanna open your own brokerage. No. Like you're having a quarter life crisis. I Did. Is any of that was all true? That was all true. That was all true. It's outdated though. Now I realize I don't need to be a realtor to make money off of my Properties. But you know, that rates are dropping right now and you can make a pretty penny. If you were to flip some houses, I've been looking, I wanna, I want like a quadplex. Yeah. Something. Yeah. I want like doors. You know. Mm. Hell Yeah dude. Yeah. I want doors. The more doors the more, Yeah. I want like floors. Floors. I'm More like nine doors. That's nine floors. Wait, Wait, wait. So you, so you want to be a mul you wanna be a multi-property proprietor?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I have a couple properties already and so that's something that I kind of do in my off time. Just looking to like You know, spend my source of Do You have a briefcase? A briefcase? Yeah. No. Have you ever, 'cause they will make you appear more professional if you go to meetings with one. No, I don't go to meetings. But if you start to, if you become a realtor, you'll have to go to some, I'm Not gonna be a realtor. I I hear that. You keep saying that. But my PDF my PDF says that you want to become a realtor. So What else Is it say I So don't, What else Is it say the quarter life crisis. Yes. It says quarter life crisis. Which, what, what Else did I do in the quarter life crisis? Wait. If you're having a quarter life crisis at Is, it okay.


If I say if you're ever in a quarter life crisis at 30, do you anticipate living to 120? So the core life crisis, I think I was actually like 23, 24, bro. Who made this? It's still up there Punching. It's still up. It's valid. It's still valid. It's, it's still valid. It's Good. But how are you gonna bring her core? Do I still do heroin? All All that stuff. How long at what point? You did a great job. All that stuff is right. He works really hard. All that stuff is No, his PDFs are the best. All of it, right? Yes. The best P PDFs ever. Also he puts Haha after, thinks he finds funny on the PF. Do you wanna know what he wrote? Ha Haha. For Yeah. What was my, haha. How does Chucky kill so many people? Why don't people just punt kick him? Haha. That's a good question Because you got killed Chucky.


I did. He's a dense little stall. He's Thick. He's thick. He's a little choked. He's a little thick And just walks around. Has Liv thought of any creative that would push boundaries once moving to Netflix? Haha. Ha ha. That was a haha. No, really though. Have you thought of any creative? No. I mean, don don't, I don't know that Netflix per se is gonna be like, we're just like ball of the wall. Push boundaries. Wild, wild West. You know. I don't, don don't know that it's going to be like that. I I I bet it is. No, I think We Can do it. Did you ever see Saltburn You know what? That's Amazon Prime. I Shit. It's p Well, I haven't watched it. I haven't watched it. I tried to watch it and I was at a bachelorette party and we put it on 17 times and we never made it possible the first five minutes.


That times, I'm not even joking. I'm not eating. I'm not joking. So many. I was at Sonya IL's. Was it her bachelorette party? No, it was, it was her birthday party. I'm sorry. It was her birthday party and her wife's there we're all hanging out in Scottsdale. We're like, woo, let's watch Saltburn. And we, we put it on 17 times and we never stayed s past five minutes. So Now I can't even watch It. It okay. Can you I sorry. Can't even watch. I gotta ask you to just run me through this first quick second. So like, time 13, 14, 15. You get to the five minute scene and you're just like, we gotta start This all, we'd always just trail off. We'd always just trail off. Like, it'd be like, let's, let's do this or let's do the Cut.


Oh, just getting a hold. Your pension Fell sleep. No. Yeah, we, we got it. We put it on and we tried so many times and then So you never made it to the back post? I Don't think any of us have ever watched it. I know about that scene, but don don't think any of us in that room ever watched the movie. Dude. Fuck that movie. Right? In my eyes. What In my eyes was talking about Jacob. Jacob, bro, come on. No, he's great Dude. It's not Netflix. Do You watch a lot of shows in movies and stuff? Yeah. Have you movies Lived Dog? Come on. Oh, that. But have you ever watched the show called Tell Me Lies on Hulu? No, I've heard it's good though. What about the Secret Lives of Mormon wives? No, I have not watched that Reality Tv. I like reality tv, but I haven't Watched it. You gotta watch this show. Really? It is the greatest reality TV show that's ever existed. Why?


Because these women, I can't believe they're real. I just can't believe like the clique of Mormon wives who also were in this swinger scandal who also all have their own personality. But I love That for them Are are like real women with, with their own petty drama, but are also Mormon and like they don't drink beer. They drink soda. Yeah. So much soda. Love. They have like soda bars Actually. Yeah. Yeah. And, and and and, and some of the husbands are really territorial. It's a shit show. I love it. I'll take it a little. I'll take a Gander. Yeah. I'm telling you, you have to. I'm, I'm watching the Wonder Years, right? Now. I Don. I'm not familiar with that Buzz Light year. Like actually watching the Wonder, Wonder Years. Yeah. No. What'd you say? I don. Don't worry about that for a second.


You said you talking about Ben Arnold. Ben Arnold. Are you serious right now? Dude, Wait. His name is Kevin. Can you talk about Kevin Arnold? Yeah. This PDI was like, yeah, dude, seriously, bro. Do not, I said Ben. I was like, wait, that's not his name. His name is Kevin. Kevin Is it, Kevin Arnold. Kevin Arnold. That show is Ben Savage. His name is Ben Savage. So You, you can find the two. I have dementia. That's incredible. How, how far, how many seasons are there of that show? I think there's like six. I'm on season two right now. That was like, what was the girlfriend's name? Winnie. Winnie. Winnie Cooper. Dude. So that's like the, the old school. Like that was like the last age of like, of like that type of Great America You Know what's so crazy though is like how his brother did Boy Meets World and it's like the same show but Of comparing those two, I feel like will be offensive to someone.


Why? Just because the Wonder Years is just such a piece of America. No, it is. But boy meets Swir is like I hit You. It Is. it is. But what Perform Swirl. What's the song again? Wait. So do you think rhe Ripley's a Bitch? Yeah. The biggest ever that's ever existed in l She seemed pretty nice, but, And she's a loser and she's pathetic. I didn't watch her episode. Was she? You said you did? No, I watched Dominic's episode. I did not watch Loser Ripley's episode. It was A pretty good episode. I'm not donuts. No, She didn't bring us donuts. You did? Where are they? Liv did bring us donuts. Let it, you know, I'm so much better than Rio Ripley in every single way. It's like sickening. Okay, but how do I know this isn't a ploy to trick us into saying Liv brought us donuts and, and Rhea didn't Because I didn't know you were gonna say that.


I didn't know you were gonna bring a bridge. Now I. Don't know. Oh my God. They look Good. I didn't even open That. This is pretty, this is pretty, this is pretty good. This is pretty, yeah. You definitely look other Cuties on the charts. Wow. Whoa. I can't guess any of those. That's a coconut, a jelly. You no Glaze. So. wait, you went to, you went to the store and you got these yourself? No, I Instacart did. Oh, that still counts though. That's Still pretty good. That's true. His his sister works at Instacart. Yeah, she does. Is there anything that you want to tell her right now? Thank you for your service? Instacart. I Instacart every day. Day. Thank You. And speaking of service, anything you wanna say to the troops? Thank you for your service? Thank You for our freedom.


Very similar message. Oh, God. Do can, can I fact check one more thing on this. PDF. Yeah, I'm sorry. I just am so obsessed with the, does this say haha? No, no. My, there actually is one really good one here. It just says stalkers. Question mark. Do you still have a soap? Do you still have a soap and candle business? I do. What's it called? It's called Shop Live More. Do you see what I did there? Can you put it together? Live. Live More, live more, More. Oh Shit. Like if you, because of Liv Morgan Shop Live. Wait, do you have a type More? As far as what? Like Men? No women. No. Both.


No. Dom? Yes. Do I I don't have a type. I kind of am just like, bitch, I see something and I like it. Yeah. Yeah. I see something and I like it. But honestly I'm more of like a personality type chick. Like Yeah, like in person. I'll let some things slide if I think you're really dope. And if you could like mentally stimulate me. But if I'm like You know I a dating app, I'm gonna judge the shit out of you. And like you'll never get a, you'll never get A swipe. That's fair. I do, do, do. Is a swipe good or bad? Hold on. Swipes Good. Swipe Swipes. Good. And you'll never get a swipe outta me. 'cause I'm gonna like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pick you apart. Are you on the apps? No. You can't. I I I was on apps, but can't be. It just, I can't do it. 'cause I'll pick you apart. Like if don don't like the way your eyebrows arched or Oh, You just, so you'll, so the message will start to be like, Hey Liv, No message.


Good to meet you. Doesn't even a message. It's just like, I'm just looking at you and it's just a What if they super like you and they get auto into your inbox? Oh, the one that I was on, it wasn't like that. Oh. What about if you have a guy with a sick personality, but he's like mad goofy looking. He's six three, no hot flat feet hops around X drug addict. Don't do it. Don't do his personality's good. But the way he looks sometimes just is Like freak do hore me out, bro. Especially in the mornings. You know, if I, I might, I might have, I might give it a pass if I met in like, He'd get a swipe. He wouldn't get a swipe if he looked goofy. But if I met him in person and he looked goofy, but his personality really, really, really got me hell yeah. And maybe, hell Yeah. Award-winning smile story of perseverance.


Yeah. I just wanna, I just wanna You know really just like great house in the hills and All right, I'm gonna bring us back. What if you had to choose your first movie for movies with Morgan? Ugh, I don Live Morgan maybe. Ready to Rumble. Really Great movie. Holy. We have and of You guys watched Ready to Rumble? Oh God? No, but I know I don Date scare You guys the best. I wanted to ask you this. If if we wanted to end here, we could. 'cause I, I'm, I'm curious. I'm I'm trying to gauge you. Like I'm definitely hyper analyzing you. Yeah. As I do with all of our guests. You know and I So tell me I'm judging. Hit me with that. You could shit on me. I I'm not gonna shit on you at all.


You can though. No, nothing. I appreciate you giving me the space to shit on you, but I'm not gonna Thank you. No, I I'm just gonna gas you up. I I totally see why you are where you are. You have an incredible story. You seem incredibly, incredibly like chill, but also like calculated. And I'm not sure if that's like intentional or accidental. It's Accidental. Well, you kind of, it kind of seems like, but your attitude helps a lot. However, given the chillness that I'm receiving from you, I am curious, do you have like a 3, 5, 10 year plan? Like any long-term goals for yourself? I'd like to be in WB as long as they would allow me, but in the same token, like I am preparing and thinking about life outside of wb, which You know isn't gonna be for a very, very long time.


But yeah, as long as they'll have me, I will happily be in wb. Okay. So That, that's just where you're at. It's just w Dude, you have no goal. You have no goals. And I, and I mean that in the best possible way. Well, it's, I needed to to see you today because, well, It's, I may retire after wb I might just sit at home on my farm while my rentals pay my bills. Hell yeah. I'm Just like, yeah, you have all those doors. So many clothes. I, you, I really, you really inspire me. I have no five year plan either. I never have had a plan. Like if you asked me, I, and they're like, well what do you wanna do? I Would be like, well I signed a new five year deal, so my five year plan is gonna be sick. Sick. Got it. Okay. Yeah. So that makes sense. That's my five year plan.


Yeah. That's awesome. And that's enough. Thank, you for Sure. Do you always wear socks with your heels? This Is the shoe bro. Can you believe that this is Shoe? What the fuck? Oh my god. Sorry. I have dementia. It's The whole shoe. I know. That's like some Seth, can you imagine if like, yeah. Eth, these are Jimmy Cheese. Shut out. What do you think of Roman? Reigns? I don't, No. Think I just, Yeah, he is. Just forget who, who is he? He's Cool. No, I don't know. you know, I'm just, I'm just very intertwined with Daddy Tom and what I'm doing. Not Not even, not even paying attention to Cody. Rhodes. I don't Do You know what that is? Yeah. Cody's cool. But that's the only thought you have on him. I think he iss a great champion.


Do what? Would Dom be all these guys' asses? Yeah. In a second. He's so talented. Dominic is so talented and smart. don don't think people know I Tell me. I know. I just Tell me Logan. I'll just say I pitched Triple H like a me and Dom tag team. I'll just Say it. Yeah. Okay. How'd that go? It didn't seem like it was off the table. Yeah, I just wasn't sure if there was like room for you in that tag team. I think I could fit, I think I could fit anywhere. You are tiny. How tall are you? I'm five three. You Could, oh, oh yeah. Yeah. What if it becomes a love triangle though, with love? Can't. I'm married with a, with a daughter. Oh yeah. Wait, can, what would my daughter think of that?


You be involved in Some sort of, wait, do you do an on air love Triangle tv? Would you do? Yeah. Would you, would you be open to a love a romance angle on tv? No shot I don? think so. Lemme tell you something really quick. No shot. I can't Do it. May I ask why? I just love my fiance too much. And I think it would, I think it would You Think you think that correlates? I don't know. You're confusing me. You Want I'm confused myself. I'm just, I'm just In general like in Life. Ask questions. Yeah. don, don't You want the real answer? Yeah, he's not allowed to do it. That's Okay. I'll Just say it. That's okay. I'm a little whipped. I I love you have a cyber truck. Guess what? I, I I love cyber trucks. I would've got one, but my fiance said they were ugly.


Happy wife. Happy Life. Not though. I don't think they're ugly. Do you think they're ugly? 'cause I don't think they're ugly. Maybe I'm biased enough to have one. Please do not put me on the stand on cyber trucks. No, it looks like a good, it looks like a two dimensional shape out of a Sims game. A Rambus Looks like a rambus. That's what I mean. That in a great way. I like that about that. But I also, but I also helped blow on up one time with Whistling Diesel and we've tested every breaking point of the cyber truck and I know exactly what issues you're gonna run into with tell Well, let's just say if you Don, lemme me find out myself. Tell me. Well, I wouldn't put it around any C four, I'll tell you that much. And also I wouldn't let, Like mite. Yeah. And I also wouldn't let people hit it with a 45 pound barbell.


Okay. Over and over again. I think I would be okay. Can I get your take on autonomous weapons? What? Can I get your take on autonomous weapons? What does that mean? Weapons that move autonomously. What does autonomously mean By themselves? Like at the automation of Oh, a fleet or a command. Okay. What, what do I think about them? Yeah, I never thought about it before. I'd have to form an opinion right now. Is it bad that like I don't think about them. Should I, would you want, should have an opinion. Would you want Italian sandwich right now? Full, fully done. Genoa. I'm In New York. Yeah, I'll take one in New York. If you could Ride a turtle the size of that couch regularly, a thousand instead of your cyber truck, Would you?


No. No. It's too slow. Too Slow too. Would you, would you like to, would you like to be able to play the, would you like to be able to play the piano? I can play the piano. What's your favorite song to play on the piano? Hot Playing. Who? Drake or Kendrick? Drake. Whoa. No, But yeah, I get that. Cool. It makes sense. Checks out. He's, he's still streaming more than Kendrick. He's the Good. I mean, I love both, but like You know Drake just has those. Don't go to LA really? Anytime soon. Yeah. I'm gonna la like tomorrow. Don't go. People are already saw it. Don't cover me. What does this air Like? Not now. All we good. Well Maybe we're gonna talk about WrestleMania. What do you think about d What do you think about Dylan? Yeah. What do you think about Dylan? Do we go on Dick?


Yes. Dude. Hell fucking, yeah, he's from New York, so he is very straightforward. He said that Was sick. He goes, should we go on a date? Should we come on a date? And then he just did it again. He doubled down. He went like this. That's crazy. That's crazy. She looked at yelling. Ooh, Look at his hair. Look at his hair. Oh, That good. It's not a mullet, but it's, He Was just in a, he was just in a Coors Light commercial. He Was I heard in the elevator. Yeah. Oh, he did? What else Did he, he he gave you an Elevator pitch, tell you about himself. Who? Who brought up that you were Greg said. Greg said what? Congrats on the Coors Light. Yeah. Really? He did. That's, How did You know about that? He told you it's tv.


Instagram. It's on tv. It's on tv. It plays all the time. Everyone's, everyone's seen it. It's on tv. It plays All the time. Tv. Wow. You don't have to answer that. I'm sorry If this room full of men has made you uncomfortable. Well, we got two women. No, I. think he makes me Uncomfortable, so I don't think she's Uncomfortable. That's, that's great. Mike. Mike was concerned about this seating arrangement because it, he thinks it maybe looks like sometimes we're bullying our guests. Oh, two against one. I could see That. you know, do You know? Do you feel bullied? I don't feel bullied. you know what I was actually thinking too? What if we, for the first show ever did all three of US ON one couch. Like almost like a fi. Like we should Have Did you, when's the next one years episode you're gonna watch? Probably tonight. Oh man, I love that show. It's Really good. You're too young for it.


But it, you would've loved Nick at night. I like Nick at night. Yeah. See? What do you mean? No, but not the Nick at Night. You know there was a Nick at night before that. I Didn't know it. Wait, Wait. With like eye cream of Jeanie, There's a, I can never remember what it is. Do you remember the show? And there was like a Barbie and they were like action figures, but it was like real time. I do know what is that? I know. What Is that? And there was more characters. There was like an action figure. Yeah. Yeah. Gosh, what is that show? It's America something. I know Nick at night. Yeah, but no, but that's the wrong, that's I'm talking about like Green Acres, like, oh, you Lost Me. Yeah. Yeah. I thought I knew Nick at night. No, I'm an old man. No, We gotta get outta here, Right? We have to live More. We have to evacuate. I'm Gonna go to Raw.


We gotta get outta here. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yep. Gonna go to Raw Monday Night Raw in Philadelphia. Man. Wouldn't be caught dead there. I'm gonna Go beat R's ass. Go Beat her ass. Tell her, tell Dom I said hey. I will. Yep. I will. Looking forward to tagging with him in The we. We don't have time. What I wanted to hear about your Dominic pitch. Oh, Just pitch it out right now. Tell me about your dom. Why did you wanna tag him with Dominic? Because I feel like we're the two biggest villains in the wwe. E and I feel like we'd kick ass together. And most importantly, I like him off camera. Yeah. Like We could hang out. He's cool dude. Yeah. Super cool. So if we have that off camera chemistry and onscreen chemistry, I feel like there's a real potential there.


Maybe One day You know. Yeah. Just because it's not now doesn't mean it's a never. Yeah. I'm just so curious where like you would fit into that. Maybe I do. Maybe don don't, but I probably will. Hmm. All right. Well thanks for joining us today. Liv. Morgan, we appreciate you real quick. 41 6. We had one job bro. Why don't you do it Dylan, you're asking our guest on dates. Take take the mic and plug WrestleMania bro. Dill, do you like when people call you Dill? You can call me whatever you want. Littlemore. So we got WrestleMania 41 going down in Las Vegas. It's gonna be starting this one right here. And Logan Paul, we don't know what they're doing yet, but if you guys wanna see a dream match, go ahead, comment below. What do you think? Liv. Morgan. What do you wanna do at WrestleMania 41?


I just wanna walk in and walk out as women's world champions with my daddy. Do. Done retain. Alright. Ticks on sale now or Friday? 10 25. So I'm be sure to get it. Logan. We'll see you there. WrestleMania 41. don don't know I there's a chance I'm still on paternity leave. Ooh. How Long did you Ask for? Two? Two years. Oh well Yeah. You from WrestleMania bro. I won't make this next one. I'll, I'll I'm well, I'm a dad. New dad. Two years. Two years. Yeah. That's extender. That's like proper, right? Yeah. Two years. Two Years. Two years of Hold On actuality. For real, For real. Being a dad is hard. Two years. You gotta wake up at like around 11:00 AM Two. No, he's lying. Work out live. He's lying. It's not true. He's tricky. I mean, we'll See. Because honestly I feel like that's like proper No, it's in a way live.


It's not. But like no one get, people get two weeks. But listen, Listen. I Know literally two weeks know Situation in his situation. He can, he can pull off two years of paternity. He's Gonna be 40 in two years. Fucking knee's gonna be conquer. I Just like, man, the first two years of a child's development. That's why I'm like, man, if I ever have a baby, I have to stay home. I have to stay home. Stay. Oh that is nice. You. Know what I mean? No, that's true. Yeah. You have to, you're the mom. He's the dad. Dads are supposed to leave. Go on work trips. I think. I think, I think they both matter. I think they both matter. Every single person on this couch comes from a fucked up father's home. Okay. And I made that up for you. I dunno if it's true. So, so, so look at us, bro. And yeah, I did Crack. Who Bro? Liv. Morgan. Ladies and gentlemen, Thank you guys for listening to this episode of Impulsive Watch.


Liv on Monday Night Raw and everywhere else she does the things. We'll see you next time. Peace.


Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County And I'm one of them. I'm Harsha Raja Simha. With JVA Clinical Trials, we make AI powered software that transforms clinical trials, saving researchers time and money while impacting patient lives. Our Ignite Startup Grant came at a critical moment and we appreciated the business mentoring we received to help extend our startup runway. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.