
Theo Fawn, when is attacking fans z. When Theo saw him, it's pretty obvious he saw the clown from it crawling out the sword. Liver king was hiding a lot of shit. Like where did lies end? I think he's still fucking lying. There was a ranking of the smartest YouTubers that just came out. They've got phase adapt on here. He should be working on a farm. I have so much repressed trauma, childhood stuff, life stuff. Oh yeah, You're cooked. I've been considering potentially doing Ayahuasca. I think I would do it With you. Should we do a podcast? What's up ladies? Gemma. Welcome back to Impulsive. Today we're sitting with two demons that represent all of our repressed emotion. I cannot believe how many women like Paul American. There he goes.


And mostly Women Have It Hard. You're deceptively intelligent, but you kind of just look like a giant thumb. Every once in a while. Throw out a bestselling book that I wrote once in While Show These show Everyone's, Johns team is getting some of the biggest reactions he's ever had. He's puppet touring the crowd. He's playing you people like a fiddle Too easy. Wow. That's the thing about being a heel. Now I'm just gonna say this. Bente bente, cinco cinco ha benty cinco. Ti cinco. Bro, I'm not gonna lie to you, bro. I'm fired up, Bro. Well, you're gonna have to contain that fire for just one sec. Why? Why this microphone's decreasing. The camera angles are all what This angle.


Who cares? Who cares? It's impulsive. Make it like it used to Be. Yeah. But people are gonna watch the show and be like, what is this? You're flipping switch it up. This time we're doing a Yeah, but I hate it. I did it, but I hate it. Yo. Every time, every time, every time we do a boys only episode where it's like this, where we're just kicking it. They're like, these are my favorite episodes. They're just hanging out. I feel like. No. Says that man, Bro. Caleb, I'll find a comment is am I not right? They're like, bro, put a persona over on that couch. It could be one of our audience members that's here with us. Dude, This Is, it Is, it is obnoxious because dude, this truly is a boys only like you and I are just sitting on the smallest couch in The world. And you dressed To the dressed to the nines. We're both kind of wearing like a similar outfit.


And you've been looking good, by the way. Thank you. Now that you're 40, but dressing up with no, no more graphic tee. That was a big, I Mean, I still have 'em, but I've been trying to, I've been trying to dress a little bit better, dude. 'cause what do you, what do you use money for? I lo What do you do? Yeah, well said. You want some of this? Welcome Back to Impulsive, the number one podcast in The world. Thank you guys for listening. Watching Google, Whatever. Well, it's early, bro. Yeah, for us. It's what? It's 1:00 PM. Yeah, it's 1250. We normally don't do podcasts this early, but here we are. We're in Puerto Rico. Mike's here and he insists on sitting within six fucking inches of me. Even though we have a whole couch. He could just go sit over there and also would make it way more conversational. I could just talk to you like this. Should we do, should we do it?


Here's the only reason I did it like this. When I'm over there, it feels like point, counterpoint. Like we're, we're against each other. Point count. Do You know what I'm saying? Like over here it feels like we're talking about the same shit. Like we're riding together on the same couch. Like if you put wheels on this bitch, bro, we could drive this thing if I'm over there. We're separated. He does. He does. He does make a point. If we were in a car, like imagine we're on a road trip just shooting the shit. I'd be driving obviously it be like you would be sitting bitch. Be alright. Go ahead. Say it. Where, where are we going? Tuscaloosa? Amazing. By the way, I can go anywhere I want. I have no home. Lost everything. Graham Steffan did a special on it. Mike Maleek lost close to a million dollars. Not even kidding. Not even kidding. Do you Know that You know Graham Stephan poop by the way we had on our podcast.


I love Graham Stephan. Yeah, But he click baits you in a lot in like horrible settings on Snapchat. Always. Mike Maleek's going, bankrupts. I'm sure I could find it. Mike Mayak made How lost how much money. You're Not making your own coffee at home. Hold on. I I I'm sure I have it. You know, like Snapchat news, like the news stories you always pop up on Graham Stefan's channel. Mike May like did what to his ex-girlfriend? No, no, it's not that. It's not that. Oh, oh. Is Graham steffan? Damn. But you're not on it today. Hold that. Is there a chance you're Irrelevant. I fell off How Bad an investment I think we did. Yeah. To make Oh God, guys make that lose it. Really to Show you did Bad an investment.


Yeah. Yeah. He's never been, did an interview With him. Yeah. Lose it. Stop talking. Just how Bad of an investment buying certain homes could be the one he bought in Los Angeles. It's just in a market that didn't really go up that much. He bought near the peak with reasonable interest rates, but now there's very few buyers out there for his type of House. Great. Thanks Graham. Appreciate it. Fucking twist the knife, bro. You know what's so funny? When I walked into Mike's doomed house as he was trying to sell it, I walked in and there's this nice realtor there, brunette girl standing there, and she's trying to sell the house. And I understand she'd been doing it for a while. And you sold the house, right? Yeah. It Is it So this is, this is no longer an issue. It's Right. Yep. And, and good job, by the way. Yeah. Thank you.


Congratulations. That's Well. And people don't know the story of why I had to sell. And I will, I'll tell in the Yeah, I'll tell in the future. It's a little early right now. But, but go. But go ahead. Yeah. So I saw this realtor there. Mike's like, oh, she's on like a reality show. My fiance loves reality shows and and what's it called? The Valley. The Valley. Yeah. His realtor's on, on on this Michelle show. Michelle. Michelle Laley. Yeah. And her and her ex her ex hubby, Jesse Lally. They're on this dramatic show together where they have to navigate Dramatic is an under statement. Navigate Valley real estate, while also navigating this like, kind of nasty breakup. And they've got new, nasty is an understatement. They've got these new like, people Fuck what's on what show? It's on what cha I don't know. Bravo. I just, I just, I just walk in and Nina's watching it.


And it's so funny to see her in like a professional setting trying to like sell your house and like hustle and do her job. And then, You know, the exact opposite on reality TV where it's a shit show. I gotta be honest with you. It's, it is messy. Well, you would know, you would know. Just, we just finished season one of, of All American. Paul. Paul, Paul American. Well, the original. I haven't seen the show. Wow. All American is a different show. What? I I I don't, I haven't seen the show. I don't consume content ex unless it's deaf love and sex and robots. Mike, What, what do I do? What do I do? Should I just binge all the episodes? No, I'll tell you what you do, bro.


I feel like I see it in real life. But I, but I, okay, let's, that Is true. That is true. To be fair, I haven't read his bestselling book. Thank you. There. I said it. All right. What, what's the difference? What's the fucking difference? Dude, I haven't read the book. My mom is writing a book. She is, she wrote a book. It's called Fuck The Pauls. She's very upset that her scene from our reality show where she was promoting her book got cut. She's very upset. She's, she sent me a text. Lemme tell you what she said, mom, I'm sorry, but this is her emotion. She, I was gonna say she's probably privately upset now. We're just airing her out. No, no, no. Because it's fair. She had a whole scene where she's like, she's talking about, You know, I, I wrote this book. Here's what it's called. Whatever she said, she said, she said, it's not in there.


And I'm literally furious having chest pain about it, mainly because it was the only time that I was in it all by myself. And it was a really good and fun scene. I want to know who's responsible for that. Cut please. With eight exclamation points. She was pissed. But bro, she deserves to be pissed. She should be. She keeps getting the short end of the, of the corporate stick. Yep. Yep. And, and, and, and by the way, that's her, I think ultimate concern. She feels like she wasn't adequately represented in the show. That her personality was kind of More like a kind of like a side character, side character. When she's got a lot of personality. It just wasn't really shown. And that scene obviously like to promote her book that she spent the past two years writing called Fuck The Pauls, by the way.


What the Hell mom? It's in, it's incredible. By the way, I read the manuscript back 'cause I wrote an endorsement for it. I told, I had a conversation with Pam about this. You didn't read the manuscript? Yes, I did. No you Didn't. Yes, I'm calling You out. Yes, I did. I read the manuscript. I did. Dude. It was really, I I No, you did not. I skimmed through it. No, you Did not. Yes, I did. There was a, He goes, he goes, I wrote a review for your, for your mom's book. And then he went, Did. No, I didn't. Pam, come on. Look at, look at this face. Does this look like the face of someone who would plainly lied? Come on dude. No, but the but but his review of the book that he didn't read is so good. You want me to read it? It's almost like he read it. You want me To read it?


Yeah. Yeah. Read, read the book. Read your review for Pam's book that you haven't read that you judge. No, he wrote it. He's a great writer. Obviously not a great reader or viewer of any content. It seems of anything related to The Pauls. No. Unless he's profiting directly off it. Like this show, for example, that makes $0. No, I can't, I can't find it. I can't. Why? No, It's good. Fuck. I think it's good. How I think you should read it. And Mom, I'm making up for mom. It was the network. I don't know how to tell you. It. The network wanted the scene cut. And I, when I saw the note, I was really surprised. I was like that. That should have probably been in the finale. And, but then when I saw the cuts, it was still in there, so I thought they just forgot about it, but apparently didn't make the final, final cut.


Yes. The season finale with Jake fighting Tyson and stuff. And so, mom, this is your promotion for your book. Yeah. This feels like an adequate promotion. Yeah. Especially if you could find the Thing like, I know it's in my, it's, I put it, I moved it into my trash. Oh, I moved Pam directly into the trash dude, just like the cutters at HBO. Oh man, fuck this. Is she, she was, she, she texted me. She's like, this seems like a breach of contract. Oh, I have it. I was like, what clause exactly, Pam. She's like, well, you guys have creative control, right? I'm like, no, no, we fucking don't. This is gonna be a fun episode, dude. In this fiercely competitive, critical, and oftentimes cruel new world of social media, Pam Step, Nick walks us through the human condition in a way only She can.


As a mother of two of the world's biggest superstars, Logan and Jake Paul, she survived mothering through bouts against Mike Tyson global scandals, FBI raids, headlines, heartbreaks, and everything else under the sun. Now she digs deep to offer what she has learned the hard way. So maybe you don't have to, this is a raw and transparent look at the story behind one of the most controversial families in American history. And a must read moment, a mu and a must read for anyone navigating this strange present moment. It's pretty solid for someone who didn't even take a glance at any of the pages, I'm currently reading it using Speechify. Speechify is a text to audio app that can read anything to you. And so what I do, 'cause I'm not a great reader, is I, I'll read along and I as I'll listen.


So I'm using two of my senses senses to absorb the content, which really helps me understand it. It's, it's a solid book, mom, I have to say. And I'm really proud of you for Doing it. I agree. I agree. It because like, to to, to memorialize a story from her point of view is I think really important for my daughter, for her daughters. Like, You know, you have this like mother who For Her, for Pam? Yeah. For her. Yeah. Like, bro, everybody out there should be journaling and writing about their experience in this life. Mm. Not showing just pictures of it. The things, the hardships that you went through, the things that you went through. I always, it was something I always thought about when I was a, when I was a young lad, how do we create a legacy for this life?


And it's gotta be more than Instagram and, and Twitter. You know what I'm saying? It's You, you, you memorialize it in text. Like, bro, the histor, the hist, the pattern in history is here. Like, think about the libraries that are existent today that have been, you know, somehow kept alive for thousands of years. It's like part of the only reason that we, we knew what happened a thousand years ago, 2000 years ago. And even then it gets fuzzy because like, to preserve history like that I find really important, which is actually part of the reason I love making content. Not to get like crazy philosophical here, but documenting, documenting is so important, man. Like I'm telling you, my granddaughter is gonna, is gonna ask me. She's gonna go, who, who, who was your mom? Well, who was Pam?


Like what, what was her deal? And I'll go look, she has a book and like this, this is who, who she was and what she was about and how she raised me. And moreover, as her son, I'm reading her book. I'm getting goosebumps a little bit. I'm reading her book and I'm being reminded of just how amazing of a mother she was in our lives and, and how, how much she really impressed upon Jake and I that I, I think I, I think I like either forgot, like took, took for granted as an adult. Like, I, I totally underestimate, I think just how impactful my mom's like, calm, collected, levelheaded demeanor was in shaping who I, who I am.


And ironically, now going back to Paul American, I think when people watch this show, I think they are starting to understand exactly why Jake and I, especially me, are the way we are because of my, my father, You know, mainly who is like, there's only one way to describe him, and that is Greg Paul. Like he's indescribable and he is a certain way. And growing up as a young man, you want to, you want to emulate your dad. You know, that's your role model. That's the person you're looking up to. And so, like unknowingly, I've absorbed and now emulate a lot of the qualities that my, that my dad does.


And so I've tried to take the ones that are like, just make him like amazing. And, and, and, and, and adopt those hard work, the hard work, the work ethic is, is the main one. But it seems that I've also kind of got some of the like, not so great qualities of Them. When you get in the ring, bro, you're more, more Pam than Greg. How weird is that? Yeah. How weird is, Except in wwe y You, yeah. Yeah. It's, You know why? 'cause I don't, I don't know if I, like, You don't wanna kill animal. It's that, it's that an animal. It's that, it's that kill switch. It's that kill switch. I'm like More like, I'm a little More like calculated with, with it. But Jake has that thing. And I think it was, as you can see on the show, mean he was always the younger brother.


He was little brother Jakey. And yo people are fucking with Jake out of the show because you can see like, the kid has a real sense of maturity and especially emotional maturity about him. I cannot believe how many women like Paul American. Oh, Here he goes. And mostly Women Have It Hard, but they loved our reality show. I can't believe it. Yeah. Because you say shit like that, right? No, no, no, no. You, you, well, there's women involved and by the way, this Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, this is a little note for, for Max on on as it pertains to season two. You got women watching Stop Cutting Mama Pam outta the context. 'cause they wanna see Mama Pam.


And also, big note, one of the biggest notes you left out, and I I you probably voiced it through sentiment, but as you read her book and as you watch the show and as anybody watching this, hopefully


in honor of Military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Stepping into the Kia K four or K five isn't just getting behind the wheel of any average sedan. It's stepping into what's next with a K four. It's stepping into a world that's exciting with a K five. It's one. That's both the Kia K four, and K five. The next movement for sedans, see your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more Kia movement that inspires Call 803 3 3 4 Kia. Her details always drives safely.


Has this experience, the amount of time that moms cut out of their lives to, to, to devote to their children is Insane. Bro, bro, bro, Bro. And you're seeing it firsthand now with n oh my God. But bro, like that probably had to be one of the biggest takeaways from the book. Like, Hey, your life as it exists is now over. That's not how it is for the man. Usually no, 99% of the time or whatever amount of percent of the time, your life is over. Now you have, you have, you have foregone your, your identity as Pam Step Nick or Robin Malac or Nina Ag Doll, and you have become just mom. Yep. That is your like, it, it's such a, and Mother's Day just passed. Shout out to all the moms watching this and to our moms watching this 'cause 'cause man, I, I mean speak for myself, speak for you.


Like I wouldn't be here metaphorically, physically Yeah. Physiologically. Yeah. Without those people. No way. You Know. No way. And dude, you said it. I'm seeing it firsthand when Nina, dude, it's insane. And she'll she'll tell you, like, when people say like, oh, being a mom, it's a full-time job. Yo, that's an understatement. I have a full-time job. I'm a WW star. Yeah. That's a full-time job. This is a, a, a overhaul of your entire life. Yeah. It's the only thing that, that, that truly matters in her core is being a mother. Like she is like the, the, the life she had is now like, it's, it, it has been sacrificed for this, this new life of, of, of motherhood and family.


Which, You know, she wouldn't change it for The world, but I'm, I'm just seeing how hard she works to nurture this little baby and seeing that having just celebrated Mother's Day with like, this girl who is my girlfriend, then fiance, and is now like a mother. And Now I, father's day is Coming Up. I'm like, this is just, this is, we have a family That's incredible. While reading my mom's book. Must be nice, man. Yeah. It's, it's pretty great. Mike, listen dude, Are we getting season two? And also, can We, can we collectively take a breath right Now? I just realized something about this show, man. What's your, what's your free test at, what's your test at, bro? Testosterone. Yeah, like gimme your overall it's gotta be 11, 12. No, no, it's low. No, it's, it's not low because I keep jamming that intramuscular like 80 migs. This test sip a week, bro.


And I sit here and I just wanna fucking yell at you want to get, we're talking about sweet moms that we flying through topics, bro, I bet you would punch someone in the face right now if you could Probably Jay uso, if I had to be honest with you. Ooh, I wait, before we get into Jay uso, I wanna say season two. Yeah. We're waiting on the network to decide. We we have what? I don't know. Can you talk about it? Yeah, I'll just say it a little bit. We've started shooting it. It's just, I think we're just waiting on them to give us like a final, like, here's what's happening. How did they Perf how did season one perform? Like so let's look at the reviews. No, no, no, no, no. Not, I think we should I don qualitative. I No, because I think on quantitative, I think what, how are the ratings? I'll tell you right now.


Oh, okay. This is the rating. Rotten Tomatoes, 42%. Fuck. Oh, well that's not, no, but here's the problem. Here's the, So wait, it's a picture of what if you get 42%? No, they, they put a little icon next. What, What is It? It's a popcorn that spilled over. It's a popcorn that spilled over. Caleb, you gotta put it on the Screen please. It's a little popcorn That spilled over. That's So funny. It's like, it's like not great. 42% is like a failing grade. What? But no, but here's the issue. Here's the issue. Anytime you have, Jake and I subject to peer reviews, Obviously Yeah. People That like the show aren't gonna be like, yo, I'm going to tomatoes. It's the haters who are like, I'm gonna fucking tank this thing. And it's not like two stars, it's not three stars.


They, they go out of their way to rate the show one star. So like, the the rating to me is, is completely irrelevant. No, I don't, that's not what I mean by ratings. I mean like, it was it Nielsen, how many views are, are people watching the show? I don dunno. I don Well, that's the important metric. I know. Because it doesn't matter what people have to say. It's as, You know, through wwe e and as we'll talk about with Cena and with you. Yep. Are the people watching? Are they talking? Are they coming back for the next episode? Well, yes they are. Look, here's what they're saying. We don't need more Paul Brothers content. Paul American really doesn't give us enough insight into Jake and Logan lives to make us want to, want to keep watching. Next thing. Well made fun to watch emotional. My wife and I look forward to every episode. Two brothers have made a huge mark in pop culture and this is a peaking of their life. Yes, please. And Thank you.


So, and Mixed, mixed reviews. Polarizing is what it is. Yeah. Polarizing, we should call it. Like, we know that, we know that about us. We're, we're, we're a polarizing family. And I, I realized this is well about the show. Tony Robbins has this amazing like, analogy or like, exercise. You know, I'll, I'll do it with you right now. All right. Alright. Okay. Maybe you've seen this before. All right. Look around the room and I want you to collect in your head everything that you see. That's blue. Just give a quick scan. Yeah. Look around. Okay. Got everything? That's blue. Yeah. All now close your eyes. Alright. What in the room is red? The rope on the ring.


That's it. That's all I Got. That is kind of the only red thing. Oh no, there's a prime can there's there's a bunch of stuff. Well, You ruined my fucking exercise. Okay. Lemme try. Ask me again. What in The room is yellow? I don't know. Yeah. 'cause you weren't looking for yellow Mike, right? You Were looking for Blue. Yeah. And I told you to look for blue. I I should have said the Pikachu, the tops on the primes. I didn't pillow over there. I did, I tracked all of It. Yeah. Well, there's, there's Tony Robbins failed us once again. No, The point is, the point is, most people who don't have a photographic memory, like Mike, if you're looking for stuff in, in the room that's blue, you're gonna see stuff that's blue. If you're not looking for what's yellow, you're not gonna see what's yellow. So I found that when you're watching this show, if you're looking for reasons to hate it, you'll find a reason to hate it.


Listen, listen, listen. Talking about Pam made me happy, but I'm actually really mad right now. Oh, okay. And I do, I I wanna cover this early in the episode while I still have the, the fire. Like I could break this chicken wing right now. Yeah. There was a ranking of the smartest YouTubers that just came out based on an AI generated list. Like of, of podcast appearances. We're not on it. Dude. I saw that list. Well, you're not, you're not a YouTuber. You're, you're an ex addict and bestselling author. You're in a, you're in a completely different category. Category. If there was an ex addict and bestselling author smart list, you would definitely be on It. No, no, no, no. Hold on a second. First of all, the ex addict author list is also ripe with really, really smart individuals.


That's true. You might not even be on that list either. It's really wise. And also, before we go too far, before we go too far, I do want to remind you that the last time we took a col a collaborative IQ test, I know you're gonna get upset. I know. I'm not upset. I'm not upset. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, it was a 15 minute like little bullshit test online. Fine, fine. You, you did win it. You, you won the 15 minute test Against the entire house. Yep. Okay. I will say this. If you now draw that test out into a three hour test, I feel as confident about my results. Okay. I I did one of those tests, Mike. I know, and I know you scored very high. Let's, Let's, do You know what I scored, Mike? You told me like a one, like a one 40 or something like that. 1 39, which I was very proud of. What was my, what were the scoring on the first time we took it at the house?


I scored a 1 28, I Think 1 27. I was 1 27, which was Same scores Rogan. No, But it's Mike, it's irrelevant. That's, that was like a, a 15 minute online course if you want to take like a comprehensive It's directional intellectual. It's directional. It's directional, it's directional. Look at the, look at the stats that came outta that house. No, It's not directional. I'll tell you why. And I realize this as I was taking my three hour comprehensive intellectual quotient test for the WWE e So that's how I Got this test done. They, they literally shipped me in a crate to Orlando, Florida. And by the way, fucking Orlando, what the hell am I doing there? I'll tell You what whatcha trying to say about, I'm testing my brain Orlando or testing my brain. And so I sat in this test and dude, it was so intellectually comprehensive, about 30 minutes in, I'm like, oh.


So this is what a real IQ test is like. It's not something you could do online. You have a human, a neurologist good. Administering the test. Good. No, but it's not just pattern recognition. It's, I don't Neurologist Spelling. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's Visual. Great. That's, that's what I'm trying to ask you about This list that put this, this list of smartest YouTubers ranked through AI analysis of podcast appearances. First of all, this list is the, is this, this list is the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my entire life. Well, I'm sorry. This is, I'm, I'm Gonna let you, I'm gonna let you finish. No, I'm, I'm going to, okay. Starts off, starts off the right way. MrBeast number one. Okay. It there's a world where I can get behind that. Okay.


Rober at two world, I could get behind that. This Is where things start to go a bit haywire for me. Speed at three. What are you saying about speed? Come on. Global superstar, one of the most world renowned po potentially the most culturally relevant person on the planet. Acclaimed brainiac. You know, you're not buying, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not buying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not buying that. I want a proof point. I wanna, I'm sorry dude. Okay. M-K-B-H-D Marcus, right? Marques. Yeah. Marques. My bad at four. Makes sense then a bunch.


But I, Not nothing against M-K-B-H-D. Yeah. Yeah, That's right. But like, just 'cause you review products doesn't Mean you're Nah, but no, no, no, no. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. No, just because you like technology doesn't mean you're smart. I'm just saying that second, not against him. I'm just saying number four. Number four at what proof point, what he just Said. At what proof point? No, this is where my curiosity comes in because clearly this list is not, I'm just gonna go completely outta control right now. They've got phase adapt on here. This list should be, I don't give a shit what you say. This list should be, this list should be soaked in oil and, and burned. Lemme tell you something. Or, or, or sunken a that of acid by the cartel.


I'll tell you something. This, this list is bullshit. Okay. I Got you. I Got it. I have information I want. Okay, go. It's not real Obviously It's, it was, it's a fake list, Obviously. Okay. Okay. But Generated to start a conversation and Be provocative, which did, which it did. Look at us now shout out feared buck for, for fear buck on, on, on Twitter for posting it. But listen, dude, what are the metrics here? What are the metrics? Metrics for intelligent measurement? There, there are no, it's not for this list I'm talking about as a whole. Okay. When you, when you, when you turn something on and you say, wow, I like listening to that person. They seem smart. They seem like an intelligent person. What are your metrics for that judgment?


Do you have an answer to that Question? No, but, but I know you are going to and we're gonna get No, I, no, I don You don't know shit. You don't know anything about what I'm gonna say. Okay? But, but when you base it off of just simply watching people, a lot of your judgment on their intelligence is based on their speaking skills, their, their, their ability to comprehend and then rebuttal in conversation or, or present facts like Marquis does. Am I saying that right, Marquis? Is that correct? Maybe, maybe even potentially their, their use of vocabulary, the size of the words that they use, their, their, their ability potentially even to empathize. Who knows how deep that bucket goes?


Where does it end? Because you may look at me and we do crack and we do heroin and all that stuff. No, we don't. But like, dude, at the end of the day, I want smoke with all these people. No, I do. Like, I'm, You know this. I want to go head to head with all of you motherfuckers, bro. I'm dead serious. I don't know. I'm pissed off. I'm not talking about dap. I'm not fucking talking about a dap bro. Okay. He, he should be working on a farm even in 2020, even in 2025 and oh no, an Amish farm. He should be churning butter. Okay? What I'm saying is to everyone else, put me in the game. I want, I want, if you're not gonna do it MrBeast, I'm gonna do it.


Where are the trivia outlets in today's day and age? Where are the IQ testing where you say, okay, this dude did drugs and dates, porn stars. Okay, then let's go put me in the game. Intelligence is is tough. It's tough to fully measure because you can have a high IQ and still be a dumb ass like me. Like That's Yeah, but you say that with a high level of jovial sarcasm that the audience No, no. The audience looks at as self-deprecation. But you've created multiple hundred Dollars matter. It doesn't matter. Organization. It doesn't matter because bro, like I said, based on talk about the lens we were referencing earlier, there are people who will tell you that I am a absolute fucking moron and I think they're Right.


No, bro, the Flip side, the flip side to that is I'm also the opposite of the exact opposite of that. And what I'm saying is I think there's a spectrum of intelligence and I think there's duality that can exist. I think you can be really smart and really not smart. I think there's, I like, like humans are, humans are complex like you A hundred Percent like you, you're people say it about you, you're deceptively intelligent. And I, by that I mean you're really smart, but you kind of just look like a, a giant thumb. And that's Why I do that on purpose, because I prefer to be underestimated at all times. Last thing I Wanna do is You totally are. Thank you. The last thing I wanna do is be perceived as some sort of threat. Let me fly under the radar. Let me get the bag, let me handle the shit I have to do.


Okay? That's what I'm trying to get. But every once in a while throw out a bestselling book that I wrote. You know what I'm saying? Just to show, show while, show people what crack he Did it once. You wanna see me doing it every once? Keep that same energy. All of y'all keep that same energy when it comes out. You don't think I can do it again? You don't think I All right. All right. All I'm saying is this, all I'm saying is this, bro. I believe that there's a competition that needs to be had where, where this type of measurement, this type of intellectual, cognitive, cock measuring contest needs to happen. Okay? And by the way, I'll do a physical cock measuring contest against you people too.


I don't give a shit, bro. I'm really, I'm ready for certain aspects of my life to be put under a microscope. Now my ability to be romantic partner, maybe not so great. There's, as you Okay. Backs to the serious note. To the point you brought up. The idea of calling someone a genius is, is very shortsighted. What are you a genius in Kanye West is a genius. No, he is not. He's a genius musician then he's borderline fuck, it's 2025. Just bleep it. He's borderline in every other fucking category.


Okay. I'm sorry. The dude is is moronic in so many ways, but he's a genius artist and stylist. Au So to your point, yes, you can be, you can be very smart in certain categories and very dumb in others. Yeah. Which I certainly can relate to. Yeah. Dude, humans are complex. Humans. Humans are super complex. And it's, it's so funny not to go back to the reality show, but like, as a consumer of reality television, because my wife loves reality tv. I know what we're watching for, we're watching So we can Judge, see, judge, yeah. See other humans like fall apart and make, make dialogue about their lives.


And it's kind of like a really shallow thing, but it's kind of like in our nature. And so with our show, when there's like criticism or You know, like I'm the heel of the show, of course I'm the heel. But like, it's not, it doesn't, it's, it's not something that like bothers me because I, I I, I'm, I'm acutely aware that this human experience is just that. And we're all on this rock together. Everyone is is really complex. People are complicated. And a demeanor can change on any given day. And if you're capturing your, your, your life on camera and you're sharing it with The world, hell yeah. Now open yourself up to this discussion of your peers, which I think is a totally valid and fine thing because everyone has an opinion which is also totally valid and fine.


And for you to get like offended by it or, or feel some type of way about you not being on the YouTuber Smart list, just, just to me, seems, Oh, hold on a second. Let me, let me clarify. I'm being, I'm being facetious and fully sarcastic about this. I I do, I do believe that there is a, a butthole sized gaping hole for a trivia outlet right Now. I am trying to, you should try to get on Beast game season two point. If you don't make that cut, go on season three. 'cause Jimmy just got season two and three picked up. No, No. I'm trying to listen. Proves that he is the smartest YouTuber. No, Jimmy's Jimmy's so smart dude. But I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about those type of challenges.


I'm talking about straight intellectuality. But, but it's funny you bring up these complexities and you bring up the idea of being offended. Which, which I, which I would hope at this point that I know, I know you're close. I don't know which one of us is further along, but both of us are pretty far down the path of like, I don't really know what you could say to really upset or offend me at this point, bro. I do. What? Well, I'm not gonna say it. I don't wanna upset or offend you. You're my guy. What is it? No, no. I don't think you wanna say what I just said. I'm not gonna say something to upset or offend you 'cause you're my guy. Wouldn't Be the first time you've done It. I know. And then you expressed to me after the millionth time I did it that no, sometimes it hurts your feelings a little bit.


And I don't wanna do that anymore. 'cause you're my guy. Remember at, remember the dinner in Vegas? Yeah. 'cause y'all were all combined in a, in a unified front. We all that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. My bad. I believe, I believe there's a unified front. No, I believe, I believe there's a slight difference between your peers, your, your like best friends and family doing it. Especially when they know where to hit you in Jorge Versus versus like other, versus like other people. Anyways. Is he, is he other people? No, no, I'm talking about like the audience, like random people. Oh, that's what I was talking about originally. I was talking about like comments online. Oh, Hmm.


Okay, man. Okay. What I was about to say to you was this, Hold on a second. I watched a video last night. Yeah. Right? I, and I sent it to, from a guy named a full guy by the name of Carl Young. Okay. He was a German therapist, like psychotherapist. And the video was about, man, you fuck you bro. You've upset. You've upset and offended me. Wait, how? I don't know. You didn't, I just don't know if I wanna talk about Carl Young right now. Why not? You brought it up. Okay. So this video was about, this video is about when you get offended by something or you get insulted by something, It has nothing.


This is like, obviously such a common thing that's like talked about all the time. But it goes a little bit deeper into it. It is simply a re a, a reflection of the insecurities and deep wounds and repressed emotions that exist within what's called your shadow. So Jung broke up the, the, the human experience and the human condition into like two or three parts. Like the self, the ego, and the shadow. I believe, I could be wrong about the number of them and what they're called. The shadow is this area of like repressed stuff that you hide from The world. Now some of us aren't even fully conscious of what those things are and why they exist, but they just manifest as other things.


So like for example, if you find yourself outwardly angry, it's generally a reflection of some repressed emotion that exists within you from your childhood. How you were raised, what something said to you as a, what someone said to you as a kid. Right? So what that means is you could have somebody come in a room, call two completely different people. Losers use that term. Losers. One of them will be, one of them will just laugh and wipe it off, dirt off their shoulder. The other person might spiral for, for the whole day. Not because they're upset at the person, but because in some way they see the potential that that statement might be true.


Well, what if it is, Here's the thing to your point of complexity in life and, and, and very like, dynamic humans being very dynamic people. It, it generally isn't. I Disagree. It generally isn't like, like, like you, just the same way you could be a genius in one aspect of life. You can be a loser in one aspect of life. Yeah. That Okay, I see. Do You know what I'm saying? And so I'm to apply, to apply like that blanket statement on your whole life. Totally. You are a lose if someone calls you a loser and you feel, and you current and either you currently or from your past have a repressed feeling of being a loser in a specific place.


I See. Or as a whole that could then be ref that is then reflected in your reaction to that statement To you. Yeah. Yeah. And so the whole, the video I sent you last night was about, was about editing that reaction. It's called, it's on YouTube. It's called Nobody and nothing will Affect You again, Carl Young. Oh, that's pretty Cool. And basically, basically it's how you create a shield to, to those type of insults and those types of things being said to you. And, and I think really more than anything, it involves you asking yourself a question when someone says something that upsets you or somebody does something to you that, that upsets you. Which is, You know how people will, will ask you sometimes.


Why do you care? Tell me something that upset you recently that someone did to you. I don't think I should say it on air. Is There anything I could, is there anything from the past that you can pull upon? No. Nothing. Just kidding. No, I'd say recently We can bleep it. Yeah. I just, the Now someone might look at you and say, yeah, but why do you care? And you, you might take that as like a a As like a a like, kind of like a sarcastic way of looking at it.


Yeah. But why do you care? Yeah. You're rich, you're smart, you're this, you have all these things going for you. But flip it a little bit and ask yourself about that specific thing. Why do you care? This is an interesting exercise. If someone says something to you that upsets you or does something to, to you that upsets you or represents themself in a way that upsets you, why do you care? Yeah. Like on that specific thing, like why does that, why does that upset you? Because I care about that individual a lot And, and, And it saddens me that there is no growth in maturity in any way. Do You, do, do you feel like that potentially reflects upon that person as in a certain way as it pertains to your life?


Like why do you, why do you truthfully care? Is there any, here, here's what I'm do, I'm not gonna try to answer the question for you, but is there a way to look at it deeper as to why you care? Based on what I'm telling you, you're hiding within yourself. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. Interesting Experience. Yeah, it's interesting. And also like proves why I like, don't really do therapy that much. 'cause it's like really hard for me and it's like scary. I don really understand it, Bro. It's scary. It's scary. But, but let me tell you something really quick about this stuff. And I know maybe it's not the most, You know, fast-paced topic we've ever talked about on the show, but I, I'm sure there's some people that are interested in it. The, the, the victory over all this stuff, the freedom of all this stuff involves confronting it.


Yeah. All that shit that's repressed within your soul and within your psyche. And within your shadow. Yeah. And, and, and that's why, and that's why, and this is so fucking scary for me because, because bro, I'm putting on you right now, but dude, I have a ton of that. Mm. I have so much repressed trauma, childhood stuff, life stuff, ICU stuff, relationship stuff. Like, oh Yeah, you're cooked brother, Bro. No, No, you're Fried. No for, but to an extent, yes, but I'm working on talking myself better too. So when you say that, I gotta stop laughing, It's Oh, oh yeah. Alright, I'll stop. I'll stop. No, Mike, I'm being, I'm being facetious. You're, you're in a great spot, but knowing what I know about your life, you're fucking cooking.


Stop. Stop. You just have, you just have, dude, when this guy dives into his stories, some of them I'm just like, What the Oh no, they're insane. You say, yeah, there's nobody and he's got Thousands of 'em. Thousands. Yeah. Thousands. I can't believe you're alive, Mike. I love you. I love you too. I, if you had read the book, you would get all the, the craziest ones, but I do, I have ones that aren't even in the book. I mean, bro, like even some No, those are, those are the ones I that Are the scariest ones. And by the Way, I-I-I-I-I feel like I'm, I'm gonna read the book. Well, I'm gonna using speech advice do audio. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's, I feel like since you know, this decade of friendship, it is, correct me if I'm wrong, have I gotten like the, the, like the, the ripple of those stories in real life? Like you tell them like, I'm, I'm ge I'm drinking from the source, essentially.


Yeah, I've told you the majority of 'em. But there's, there's some stuff in there that's, that's been hidden or okay or, or forgotten or whatever. But, but I need to go, I need to do that work because a lot of the stuff when I go on a show or I used to wear sunglasses when I would be on this show and be all fucked up and like still do on, on my show sometimes. Like what do you mean fucked up? Not, not on, not on suck. Just like when I start to No, no, no, no, no. When I start, You know what, bro, I've, I've even as of like the past two months, bro, you've seen me in some holes, you know what I'm saying? I've been down here trying to exercise out one of 'em. Yeah. And I think truthfully like a lot of that, a lot of that like work on what's repressed and the stuff that you've, you've, you've tried to, to, to tuck away is the stuff that I need to get at.


And so I've been considering potentially do doing ayahuasca. I'm very scared of it. Like extremely scared of it. And by the way, I like that. I'm scared of it. It deserves it, it deserves the utmost respect. But imagine this, bro, your brother can speak to this better than I can imagine. If you have all this trauma and all this shit packed inside of you and you, you go to the, the rainforest in Costa Rica and you're around these, these people at this ceremony and you sit in the ceremony and you drink this drink and all of a sudden every demon that you've ever pushed down so that you, your family, your friends, the public would never see it is sitting in front of you looking at, You know, to run nowhere to hide.


Nothing you can say to make it stop. And you have to go toe to toe with that animal in real time right now. Yeah. Unless you're Greg Paul who didn't experience any of that on Ayahuasca. How's that possible? I don't know. How Is it possible? How does he always break the tracks? How is Greg Paul the great equalizer? Yeah. How is that possible? Yeah. I don't know. And he did Toad as well. This, this one, this one was crazy. So episode six, Paul American, Greg did ayahuasca. He, he didn't feel anything. He somehow, he's like spasming during it, but he comes out, he's like, nah, I didn't see nothing. Did Toad later with Jake as well. And the toad told him, Oh God, that he's doing everything perfectly and he needs to be more of himself.


Oh man. I was like, damn. Alright, well then so be it. And maybe he's right. Who are we? Who is anyone of us to be, to be Like, it's a good point. Nah, nah, you need to change. No, maybe The world needs a Greg Paul to like, shake things up a little bit. Like I'm not here to judge. But I'll tell you one thing, Mike, after seeing my family's experience with these psychedelic substances, which in any way, this is not an endorsement, but I think I would do it with you. I've been, I've been blowing it off for a while and I, I I had to be like mentally prepared and ready for it. And I think I'm in a spot where I'm, I'm ready to confront those demons myself as well. Because Should we do a podcast?


Whoa. Fuck no. I, I'd actually even go, go as far to say like, keep the cameras away. What's up ladies and gentlemen? Welcome back to Impulsive. Today we're sitting with two demons that represent all of our oppressed emotions that is sitting hilarious right on the couch. That would be hilarious. That'd be so funny. Yeah, It's scary shit, bro. Yeah, I know a lot of, I know a lot of people that do what we do. I, I'm obviously not gonna say any names that have had a ton of success and a ton of experience with it, man, but it's, it's, it's certainly scary for right now, dude, I'm doing a lot of reading and a lot of studying and Carl Jing and Freud to understand like different ways. Sometimes it's just about even through, through sober actions and meditation, finding new ways to look at things, bro.


Yeah. And that, that final note on all this meta stuff. 'cause I know it's, it's a lot. And you guys come here to listen to hear about Dicks, even though we don't talk about Dicks as much anymore. Remember we used to get stuck in the Dick's end Yeah. So bad. We don't do it as much anymore, but maybe we're growing up the easiest thing, not the easiest thing, but the one thing that I'm working on right now, dude, is just, is just really just editing my thoughts, dude. And you're so, you're so good at it. I remember ever since I met you, you were talking about the stuff on the mirror. When you wake up and you look in the mirror and you talk to yourself positively, and it's like, bro, there, I know there's so many people watching this right now who can relate to the idea of being stuck in that cycle of negative thought. And bro, when you, when you program that into your mind and you, and it becomes second nature to wake up every morning and immediately start a cycle of negative thoughts, which you've, you've been there for days for a couple days.


I've lived here for 20 years. That's tough. So bro, the time it's gonna take me to, to then, but, but the good news is the brain has a miraculous capability of recovery. Miraculous has a miraculous ability to rewire itself or to be rewired through hard work and, and, and, and, and, and discipline and function and, and have it. And so right now, one of my goals is trying to get into a habit of better thought. Because as I mentioned earlier in the episode, better thought leads to potentially better feeling, better feeling leads to potentially better actions. So if you feel, if you think good and you feel good and you act good, you start this triangle of good, which then starts to defeat a triangle of bad.


This, this is kind of reminding me of when you will post quotes on your Instagram and I just feel like you're actually kind of just doing it as a note to yourself. I do, I do that all the time. Like I feel like you're like just describing what you need to do. I do. And and it's and it's good that you recognize it, but but, But it Is, it is but it's not. Why do you have to because you, it's No, no, no. It's good. It's a note to myself, but it's also not, you have to, you have to remember I have a, a small, the same way you have a WWE e and a Prime and a KJ JJ and a boxing and all of those armies. I have a ar little army of people who look to me for this type of convers. Oh, that's true. That's true. They've read the fifth vital.


Yep. They wake up, they feel the same way I do. They're going through the same things I am. Yep. They're, they're struggling the way I do. So when I talk about this stuff, and I, and, and I, one of the things I'm upset with myself at is that I don't do enough to continue to give back to that community who's put, who has entrusted me. And I try to, I put episodes out even on my channel without any reason, sometimes without any reason to, just to make sure they're still getting that flow. A lot of times I'm talking to those people, ah, those people that are stuck in a constant cycle of thoughts. Yes, sir. Those people that are dealing with substance abuse, those people that are dealing with OCD dealing with severe anxiety or depression and don't get outta bed to, to remind them that I feel the same way as you. I continue to work at it every day and these are the things that I'm doing to make it better.


I'm going to the gym every single day, even when I don't want to. I'm taking every nasty substance outta my life. I'm telling myself that you're worthy, you're worth it. You're good, you're loved, you're, you're, you're deserving of good things. All of those, and I'm getting enough sleep. Like a lot of those things, bro, that you, you gotta remember a lot of those things that come very naturally to people don't come very naturally to another swath of people. And so, even though it seems like such basic knowledge to you to get up, look in the mirror. Yo, I'm the, I'm that guy. I'm that dude. Flex in the mirror, whatever. There's a group of people that are what, whatever, sorry. Or like, I believe in myself. I'm confident. Those things that you say to yourself and have been saying to yourself since you were a child. There's a group of people who are, who are lost, who are overweight, who are sad, who are addicted to drugs, who are homeless, who are who, who didn't have parents, who grew up in foster care, who don't even know about any of these basics.


They don't know about any of it, bro. And I fit into that category for the majority of my life. Hmm. And how to learn it. And now I'm basically trying to give that back as much as humanly possible. Mm. And so, so that's where I'm at. And, and they know that I'm still a work in progress, bro. And, and, and by the way, IWI should say quickly before we turn to some dick sand, Thank you, bro. And Thank you to you and to Nina, especially for like, the past week of, of kind of like giving me your time and your energy and, and a place to stay where I, when I actually really needed it because I've been, You know, in a, a bit of a funk. Nothing, nothing crazy, but it's, yeah. It means a lot to me that you guys are always there for me. Yeah, of course, man. And we're always here, You know, that we're nestled on this little island and Yeah.


The door, the doors are quite literally always open. Nina loves you. Can't say that about everyone, but she loves you. And she, as You know, goes through some of the same things you go through. And I'm sure you guys, I mean, I've, I've witnessed it have like really positive back and forths about mental health and specifically the thing you're going through now. And so the door's always open, Mike, Thank you. And I love you. And what you're doing is a very, very noble pursuit. Very noble pursuit. 'cause you're right, you have this touch on a select group of people who are experiencing the same things as you, as you. And I've seen it in real life when these people approach you. And it's, it's really powerful when you get to see the firsthand effect of, of influence when, when, like, the idea of being an influencer has a real touch, a palpable effect on other people's lives when being an influencer has actual influence.


That's like the intersection of the most blessed position that we are in sitting on this podcast and having these conversations and sharing our lives with people. That said, did you see the Liver King ary? I did. I did. I watched it. We were in it. Dude, he really put a lot of weight in doing this podcast, man. I I did not think He thought it was that important. I didn't know it was like one of his first podcasts. It it It he did. It was, it was, it certainly was the one of the bigger ones that he did. I he was already kind of popping at the time. Yeah. Yeah. What, What channels the, the doc on? It's on Netflix. It's on Netflix.


King. Netflix. Untold Documentary. Untold documentary going through like his life, how he acts, how he works, how he got big, whatever. And we have this whole segment where he comes on with the plate of liver and organs and balls and all this stuff. And he said he had like, what, like studied and, and Yeah. And stuff. For what, like a month? Yeah. A month. And he hadn't slept coming on the podcast. He like preparing for this Podcast and he said he was nervous, like shaking and stuff like that. Yeah. I Didn't, I didn't gather any of that when he was in the room. I was like, oh, just like, like most of our guests, like, you just go on a podcast. But he had studied, he lost sleep over it. He was nervous about it. And I think now watching the documentary, I know why.


And actually kind of going back to like, You know, your own like insecurities when people make comments about, You know, your life, if there's truth to it. At that time anyway, liver King was hiding a lot of shit. Yeah. He wasn't being really transparent. Yeah. And so when you have to mask yourself under a veil of lies in front of the entire internet, of course you need to do hours and hours of studying every day for a month preparing for a Podcast. Well, was there more lies than just the one or I, I, you know Mike? No. Who knows. Who Knows dude. Like, is he even a, is he actually even a per was, is he a person? Like where did the lies end? I'll tell you one thing.


I was watching this documentary and like, You know, I'm fascinated by the Liver King. And it's so funny 'cause he, we had that segment on the podcast where, You know, like we were talking about his lifestyle and I asked him like point blank if you did steroids. And he said no. And then later in the Netflix episode, they showed me like, chastising him. I'm like, you motherfucker. Yeah. Like, you fucking lied To my face. I was angry. Yeah, You were, I was angry. Could you put a lot of stock in Liver King even outside of that podcast? Well, 'cause I thought he loved, he loves his, his nine ancestral tenets. I was like, let's go like ground with the earth, get some sun. Like what's the harm in that? You know? And, and yeah, for the most part it's true. It's just like, I think the, the vehicle in which he chose to deliver the message was riddled with lies that made people really uncomfortable.


So much so that at the end of the documentary, when he is talking about the changes he's made and how, You know, he's doing all this stuff, I think he's still fucking lying. I think He's, no, not, I think he iss still lying. Why didn't he just, I don't know. But why did, Oh shit. I saw it all happen. Shit. Everything fell Over. I saw it all happen. Earth, earthquake. Why? Why? That Was crazy. Why didn't he just tell the truth from like, bro, I'm, that's My issue. No one, no one would've cared if you're just like, dude, I, Nah, maybe, Is it, Is it directly counter like counterproductive or counterintuitive to his point that he's all natural? Yeah, obviously. Do you know, do You know what I'm saying? Yes, yes. Obviously, of course. And that's his whole Brand. No it's not. No it's not.


No it's not. I dis I disagree. That was my disconnect. It didn't feel like something he had to lie about to get the message across in. In fact, it felt so ancillary that it didn't, I didn't understand why he Needed to, like, why couldn't it be really, really high protein cow balls and, and 150 mgs of test sip every three days? I Think he, I think he also felt that it was really ancillary that it was like not really necessary to be honest about it. The or or to, yeah. To be honest about it, bro. It's Your whole ethos though. Yeah. It's like, it's like that was the issue. That was the issue. And, and he was asked so many times and it wasn't just like a No, I don't do steroids.


He came up with a thousand different ways to say it. Shame People, Shame people. Like man, I, I really believe him. He, he, he really is like a, a decent actor. Like, and, and, and it's funny watching the doc and like, I don't wanna, well I guess this is what we do. We we talk shit on this podcast. And, and he was nice enough to come on on here and give us his time. But like, did you, did you see how his, like, how his older son would like react to like some of the stuff that he was like doing? Yeah. He looked a pretty uncomfortable, and b there were parts where you could kind of tell that his older son, like wasn't buying the shtick.


Like he kind of like snicker, You know? Yeah, yeah. When they were like in the field gutting the animal and stuff. And it was like, You know, I know what it's like to grow up with a dad who is really out there and who isn't like any of the other dads in the neighborhood and how that makes you feel. And so I'm watching these boys and my dad is like, nothing like the liver king in that regard, but in the same, in the same like, oh, your dad is a character. I get it. And I'm watching these kids and I'm like, man, when the cameras aren't rolling, I just wonder what the, what the dynamic is in that house, Bro. Your dad dude. Yo, your dad turned the family dog into a rug.


Yeah. Like, that's what I'm talking About. Like, bro, I just don't, I just, I bro, me and GP have have made heavy strides. We're like, we're friends. Me and GP are friends now. It's always a bit of a rocky. It's a bit of a rocky. We'll See bro. We'll see. Nah, it's a bit of a rocky friendship to say the least. And not on my part. It's just you. It's not, it's exactly not on my part's. It's every, it's everybody. But bro, if you're on the wrong side, you know, that's it. You're put But bro, I remember we had this wheat and terrier bro, when I was a kid named Wheatley bro. And we used to, you know, he would come in, he would bring his little ball in, we would give him little treats and he would sleep in bed with me. But the idea that he would become a rug Yeah. Is just, yeah. Is just so He wasn't to be to defend my dad for a full second.


Yeah. He wasn't a rug. You know, it's not like we walked on Yogi. It's, he was freeze dried in his form. Mm. He taxidermy. Yeah, he taxi dirty His dog. But why? But why is he? You Just don't see stuff like that in Ohio. You don't, I don't think, I don't know how many people did that. Like, You know, there did, There's, okay, let's, let me, let me defend him for a second there. There's gotta be some people who did this, I think. Yeah, I think, I think I've seen people put him on the fireplace, like up on the mantle. But the idea that he's eternally on the floor just resting like that dude. It's just, he Really, dude, he really, he really loved the dog.


He really loved the dog. The dog got hit by a car. Yo, yo. Right to the taxidermist. I think, bro, you're, I don't know if you're gonna like when I say this bro. I think, I think you should consider Taxidermy and Greg. You know, I don't think you Should consider Taxidermy and Greg though first and just, and just, I think it's illegal. I think I've seen shows about this. Okay. I think it's illegal. The, the, the, the, the funny part about this is Jake, Jake wants to be taxidermied. Oh bro. Could you imagine if you got both of them? He Told me, he made me promise, he made me promise he wants to be taxidermied in a fucking Lamborghini with one arm and a gun, a rifle hanging out the window like this.


That's ins might Have been a Ferrari. Where would You park it? He wanted it on a mountain. How Would she, who would drive a Lamborghini onto a mountain? No, You gotta like get it up there with a cargo helicopter or Something and just drop it on there. Set gently with Jake Paul out the window like this. Are you gonna outlive Jake? I am not speaking on the plane. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That is God's will. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what's gonna happen. Okay. We're just thankful to be here. The great segue. Holy shit. Great segue. Okay. I've been thinking about this a lot lately. We had Brian Johnson on the podcast, by the way, people, I think not enough people saw Clips Wise.


They did. Yeah. That's an incredible show. That was an incredible podcast. Brian Johnson, the Die Guy, The world Healthiest Man wants to live until 2009 67 where they have, you know, velociraptors racing and like all kinds of weird shit and Space Planets and MrBeast is controlling all of it, right? Yeah, a hundred percent. He said AI is gonna really speed things up over the next few years. And it's funny because when I was like 16 and I started abusing my body and doing like oxys and all the drugs and stuff, I was always like, it doesn't matter anyways, because within the next 20 years the Jetsons had flying cars. Were gonna have a cure for everything, bro.


That's a, that's a wild way. No, no, I really did. I really, bro. I was like, bro, at the speed at which we're moving, don't tell me you never, bro, when you were 14 years old and, and granny got melanoma, you're like, well shit, that's never gonna happen to me because by the time I'm 60 years old, all this shit's gonna be gone. Yeah. I Got, yeah, I guess a little bit The Jetsons had flying cars. They had a rollback bot that does the dishes. Yeah. Robot. Right? So what I'm asking you is this, or what I was curious about is this, like, what are we closing in on here? Because we still got cancer now. RFK, shout out. RFK.


I don't know if you think somebody will not like that. I gave a shout out to RFK. He knows, and a lot of people know that the FDA is blocking a lot of this shit. Elaborate. Stay with me now. Okay. Big pharma makes so much money off treating shit. I see that the idea of curing anything is counterintuitive to their bottom line. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is like the most known thing ever. Yeah. Yeah. Like I see a lot of shit that's said on Twitter and talked about by people and I, I, I don't believe any of it and it's such bullshit. But everybody knows that the most crooked thing in the entire world is pharma. Big pharma's completely fucked. Right? How's your hair look dude? Are you paying attention when I'm fucking saying right now?


Yeah. Big. Okay. What is the holdup on a lot of this shit, dude? Like, bro, bro, think about it, dude. Like you, you have a relationship with ai. A AI is your best friend. You talk to this dude all day to chat GBT, you're best friends with it, right? Why do people still have bald spots? Like, bro, think about that for a second. Why do people still have bald spots? Me Include my hair's continuing to fall out. I went to Turkey and got it fixed, but the shit continues to fall out. How have we not fixed that? Now last week we hear that potentially there's a team that has put together a a, a way to reactivate lazy hair follicles.


But guess what? That shit's gonna get trapped in phase three, phase one, phase two, phase three testing for 20 fucking years. It sucks because of how long this shit takes. Dude, listen, if you need someone to test your shit on, call me. I don't care what it's for. Call me bro. Call I will do Neuralink, I will do every mRNA chemical. I used to go to a guy named Kevin in Bridgeport, Connecticut. You would pull up in one of those massive outlandish sized, You know, expedition Ford vehicles and I would buy whatever powder he had at that day and no one tested it. I would immediately go and just put as much bit in my nose as possible.


The Tester. You were The tester. I was the tester. Call me, call me with your mRNAs, dude. Like, I will test your vaccines. I will test your cures. Give me the disease and then cure me. Dude, you bro. I'm down. Just get the shit over the finish line. What is the holdup? Why does everything take so fucking long? Dude? I Think it, I think he, I think human trials is a lengthy phase. And even to get to the human trials is crazy. Like health, the human body. It's crazy. 'cause even with the technology that we have today, we still don't know so much about it. But the good news is ai, I believe we're ai.


Yeah. I believe we're on like a, a health precipice. I think with the advent of AI getting to know and understand our body and develop technology that benefits our health is gonna be more and more prominent. I actually invested in a company that's doing this called superpower because I've been super health conscious for man a while. Like, I like monitoring my, my blood markers and making sure my levels are all balanced, making sure I have the right amount of fat on my, on my, on my body so I can perform the best. I can. Same, same. Every, everything is Is it has been very important to me, but it's expensive. And, and, and I'm not sure everyone can like, live that healthy monitoring preventative lifestyle that I do superpower, which, You know, shameless plug here, but I, I love the company is democratizing that.


So what they do is it's, it's a data-driven health platform that essentially is, is the apple of monitoring your body and making sure that your levels are all correct. And you do that with by drawing blood and looking at your blood markers and seeing where you're high, where you're low, where you're okay. And then correcting with whatever supplements that, that are assigned to you via ai, health driven technology. Because one thing that is so important that I think is often overlooked is it's so much better to be preventative instead of reactive. A hun that part's for Sure. I also, Prevention is protection. Yeah. And to get ahead of a a, a heart disease that by the way, you can tell if, if, if, if your heart has plaque in it more than usual by just getting, You know, a a heart exam called, it's called clearly.


I just did it last week. I'm 30 years old. Do you own a piece of that company too? No, I don't, I don't wanna support this. No. You're bought and sold. You are bought and sold. I brought this topic up. Not for 46 ads. Just like you're talking about mental health and there's someone who will listen to what you say and walk away. I've got a new company that will help you walk away. It's not my company. It's, it's not my company. I'm an investor in it. I I am, I am a minor mine. You're Not you over 18 minor. Okay. You've never dug coal Cog in the wheel of a company that I believe will do good for A I'm Of people I'm sure by democratizing a healthy lifestyle for people to check what's going on inside of their bodies using AI technology, I think is a very beneficial thing for humanity.


And so I don't, why don't you me, bro, don't, I don't feel ashamed. I don't feel ashamed to say it. And, and, and Why don't you call me when you get the, when you get the prospectus or the deck, how come you never call me bro to tell me, oh, I've got this new company. It's gonna involve something that you talk about all the time. They Said they, they they, they said no, they didn't specifically. We don't want Mike Fucking lie, dude. It's a, it's a lie. It's a blatant down south dirty little lie. Okay. It belongs on the floor. A personalized With Do g customized Neighborhood health regimen where the blood is drawn from the comfort of your own home. We get it dude. Input it on the system and it tells you exactly What you need to make sure you're drop the link fully level that drop the link in the promo. I'm dropping the link in the bio. I'm just saying I'm excited about where AI is, especially when it comes to what that means for health For and, and mostly it sounds like that's all, that stuff's all preventative.


So you've got it. It's, it certainly can Be. And you've got other companies that are doing scans. 'cause I almost went and did that. Odds. We can say brands. I don't care. Pvo, PVO. You should pay us. What is it probably Is it, What is it? It's the full body scan that does the full body MRI and checks for did that as well For cancer. Did that as Well. There's another, there's another bloodborne test that tests for cancer precursors. Dude, I'm, so I have a call like momentarily to go over the results of that heart test. And I wanted, I wanna say this, I wanna say this. When I was getting my heart scanned for plaque buildup, You did what's called a a, It's, it was a calcium base C card Car car. A ca cardio.


Yeah. I did it. I did it by the way. I scored, I scored a zero, which I was very happy about. Good, Good. Yeah. That's surprising. The guy in there. I'm just saying That's crazy. The guy was like, dude, I can't believe you're doing this. Like, you're so Well, you're young. You're so young, young for that test. There's no question You're young, you are. Yes. But it turns out just because I'm young and just because I have little to no calcium buildup in my heart, doesn't mean there can't be plaque buildup elsewhere. It's like a, it's not a, it's, I don't think it's Yeah, But it's heart centric. Yeah, But it's a heart centric CT Scan. No. Yeah. But I'm, I'm getting Did you do with or without contrast? With contrast? Oh, that's the I didn't do that. No. Yes, you should. Should. That's the highest level should because that's, do You know what they told me?


The other one is driving by, the other calcium test is driving by a house at night with all of the windows closed. And you could see what the house looks like. And it's a very good idea of what's happening with contrast. All the shades are up and it's during the day and you can see through the house. So, So, so, so what I was informed was that a isn't always indicative of b being okay just because I, I look okay without contrast. And my calcium is very low in my heart. Doesn't mean that I won't come back with no plaque buildup. And, and, and, and dude, my, like my dad had a heart attack called a widow maker. Five, no less than 5% chance of survival. He fucking survived like the shit's in my family.


Yeah. But He puts pork in his coffee. Yeah. He puts pork grease In his, not anymore. We do catch him sometimes trying to sneak some pork grease. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's, he's, he's gotta sign up to superpower to be honest and get, get his blood drawn. Because I think it's important that he starts monitoring his levels. The issue with the testing that I've, that I've seen that the medical community has with it, is that if you are someone who is prone to health anxiety, which is a large amount of people, Oh God. A large amount of people. Oh Jesus. These Tests produ can produce a lot of false positives. No, No, no, no. They do. I'm telling you. No, Not they do. Maybe you're a test bro. But the Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa.


I don't know where you're getting your test, bro. I don whoa. Don't talk about my testing pro protocol. I'm just saying, don't you dare to discuss my testing profile. 'cause also like, also like false positives. Like what are you, what are you talking about? You Could have, you could have very driven biomark. You could have Oh, well that, no, sorry, I'm not talking about superpower. I'm talking about scans. We're we're, we're dancing around a little bit here. Oh, You, oh, you saying Scans can sometimes, yeah, scans can sometimes pro, pro provide. I see completely benign masses then, then, then that you then go and freak out about Number one then if that happens. Very what I'm about to say. If you're interested in your health and medical technology, everything like that, you get a false positive, whatever it is. Second opinion, get a second fucking opinion. Yeah, for Sure. For Sure. For Sure. Like, like these, the doctors, the medical field, they are practicing medicine.


That's what they say. We're practicing Medicine, practicing medicine, Practicing. You're practicing this. It's still such like an unknown territory and so much more to be learned. And I think AI will get us there. But second opinions, especially in anything medical related, especially if you have something that kind of flare up that you're concerned about are very important. Dude, fuck that second, third opinion if you can't even dude Reversal of aging. So there's like, there's 10 things here. We're not gonna get to all of them. But like study of seno lytics drugs that remove zombie cells removing into human trials, which would significantly expand human health span and slow aging itself and rejuvenate tissue. Brain computer interfaces obviously like Neuralink are are implanting bcis and humans.


By the way, I would do that trial right now. Yep. Anything you have trial wise, even if it, dude, I'm not kidding. Even if it needs to be done only on pigs or monkeys, I will do it. I don't care, dude. Mice, whatever. I don't Care. Look, what you're saying is this, it's so possible to, to quote the name of our good friend Andre Combs podcast. It's possible nowadays to know thyself. Yeah. You have to inside and out. You can do it. Yeah. You can get it Done. You should, should too. And You, and you can, you can, I'm not gonna say an absolute here, but you can dramatically increase the probability of living a full healthy, long life by monitoring your body and knowing what's going on inside of it.


'cause it's possible. Now, you know what's, which Is fucking fucked up. Awesome. You know, what's messed up, bro? And the deepest thing that, that needs to be handled more than anything. The biggest problem everybody's up against isn't, isn't nature, bro. Or isn't nurture. It's nature, bro. How much does genetics play into your, your potential lifespan? It's like, bro, it's, it's, I'm not saying it's not a mix, but I'm not saying it's not a mix or at least we don't believe it to be a mix. But, but Grandpa, grandpa PopPop, Charles Gaul, grandpa PopPop, bro, that dude loved bacon. He loved sitting in his recliner. I don't think that dude worked out a day in his life and he made it to like 96. Yeah. My grandma had A similar story.


Do You know what I'm saying? Like Grandma Jane was a drinker. Yes, bro. Do two packs of cigarettes a day. This woman, two packs of cigarettes a day, Lived till she was 85. So, so the question is, is in our lifespan, is there going to be a way to to to edit genetic makeup? Yeah, for Sure. And right. Yeah. Or Is it all gonna come down to pro the program programming of the babies, for example, as I right Now I amm trying to rejuvenate my sperm. You know, my swimmers are terrible. And that was before I was pumping up 80 mgs of a test sip a week. I Got nothing in there, bro. I'm firing blanks. I'm going to do that because I wanna create a another lineage in my, another generation to my name.


Right. But I wanna do it through computer programming. I want that child to be programmed by way of ai. Like, I want my kid to come out already speaking. Yeah. I don't want this whole, you know, you call it a blob phase. Yeah. Come out, provide for the family, come out, be ready to work. Yeah. Yo, the, the bushes need hedging, You know? No, your, I saw your daughter this morning playing with a little octopus on the floor. I know. What's the ROI on that? I know. Zero. Yeah. Zero. In fact, it's a negative ROI You had to pay for that shit, dude. I know. Just to say I'm hungry at some point. And by the way, not even say I'm hungry, just act out I'm hungry through screams and cries. I'm not doing all that shit. So when you're ready to test me, be ready to test genetic makeups on my child, future child as well.


If you're watching this and you're a young entrepreneur in the science real in the Silicon Valley, call me. Call me. I will give you anything you want. I'll even pay you. I don't care, bro. I'm sick of this shit. Dude. Last thing on this note is, is condoms, bill Gates. I remember he put out, bro, I know he put out, they put out a call to action. They were trying to pay, like, I remember it was like a billion bucks to somebody who would make condoms that people wanted to wear a condom. That improved the experience. Whoa, bro. We've made the jokes before on the show. Condoms, what the hell are those? It's not funny, dude. Right. It's a, a lot of things going on out there. Right? And, and still we're years later. And you still gotta put this bag on your wiener.


You gotta put your, a bag on your wiener and then, and then they've gotta use this rubber play toy Or not. Or you don't and you get an S me and that's a great thing. Or An s td. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, who knows, right? And whatever. So I'm sure they're starting to figure out some of the STDs. And you could look at it with that like, Hey man, within the next couple years they'll have all that shit fixed anyway. So fuck it. Roll the dice. Right? But dude, they've got some lot of stuff coming out here. They've got invisible condoms, dissolvable, vaginal film that you use as a spray. Hydrogel, condoms that mimic skin in clinical testing. Bunch of new advances, dude. Where where, I mean, where it looks like height lengthening surgery.


I know Jorge was interested in that and so was Kevin. I'm sure Evan would be interested in that as well. But they did get rid of some things. Dude. Guinea worm disease is gone. Polios gone measles. What? Tape? Worms. No tape. Worms. RFID chip implants. Like, dude, we really gotta keep continue to step it up kind of in the same way that you need to continue to step it up against people like Jay uso, who's really, what The fuck? I just knocked Out who's really making you? I know, but it was a cheap shot and he cheap Shot according to who? You're the champion. Be fucking ready. Nah, he's off Air Honor. Doesn't matter if I'm in the building. We got a problem. I mean, bro, you gotta remember he invented the Y How fucking dare you?


You know damn well that I was the original eet. Actually, that's not even true. You know what? That's not even true. I'm not even take the credit 'cause I'm that I'm I'm that good of a guy. The original Yeee came from the same place where I'm from. Motherfucking bind six second looping videos was, who was it? First time we heard Yeet, Who was it? I don't know, but Shout up that Guy. That fucking dude. And then I took it on YouTube. I made it a thing. Y Yee throwing plates. Yee little brother Jake. He try to rip bros. Me yee. I didn't do this, I didn't do that. But Jay uso, someone who in my opinion, is very clearly a copycat.


He is a person who is cosplaying a champion, has The World Heavyweight championship, which is something that I want because I'm in the WWE e I'm the one of the biggest draws they have, if not the biggest. And the fact that I do not have a title on my, on my waist right now is a detriment to the entire company. So yeah, I'm wrestling Jay uso May 24th in Tampa, Saturday Night Night's main event. And the way I see it, I think Jay is like, look, he's entertaining. He's in the bloodline, right? Got that, got that family of wrestlers. He is like a second or third generation wrestler. But you just don't have that championship aura.


Dude, I'm sorry. Wow. I'm sorry. You, you, you couldn't even come up with your own catchphrase. So you took mine. You you have a great entrance song, right? Like, like cool. But you can only live off the hype of a beat for so long before you have to face the music. And in this case, I'm the music. And when Jay's in the ring with me, he's gonna realize and so will the rest of the WW universe. I'm the superior wrestler. I'm gonna say it. You know, it's true. Logan Paul hate is forced in the wwe. E Logan Paul hate is forced. Well tr Say say, say what? Say whatever the fuck you want about me. That's negative. About, about my ability to wrestle, about my ability on the mic. Even about my ability to become champion and beat Jay uso.


It's not true. You're, you're, you're, you're lying to yourself. Well, Triple H agrees. Triple H agrees with you. Logan. My boss. Yeah, your boss agrees with you. And that's always a good thing, man. When asked about Logan being a celebrity wrestler last weekend after the backlash, triple H. Triple H said he doesn't put Logan in that category. I don't put Logan in that group. He stated, I don't see Logan at as an outside celebrity that came to do what we do anymore. He's really good at this. He can talk. He's got the character, the swagger, and can perform in the ring. I look at him as a fulltime and same as I would look at anybody else. I just don't see, I just see him as an incredible performer. That's very nice boss. That's very nice. Thank you for the kind words, boss. Yeah, I think he's right, man.


I think he iss right? I I said it. I'm a full-time wwe e superstar. I'm an actual legitimate wrestler. Now keep me outta that celebrity category. It's flattering when you guys say I'm the best, but it's also not flattering at all. 'cause obviously I'm the best celebrity wrestler in the WWE e but that's just not how I'd like to be identified anymore. Even, even even being referred to as a YouTuber now feels a little, little beneath me if I'm being honest. And not even one of the smartest ones, which Is insane. Statistically. That's just incorrect. Any thoughts on how the Sena heel turns going so far from a sentiment standpoint? He, he's been looking kind. Has he, how's he feeling about it?


You know, it's funny, man. I think John finally realized like, it's just better on this side of the fence. Mm. Grass. It just, it's just better On the side. Found out the grass ain't greener. No, the grass is much greener on the side of the heel. Oh, The grass is greener. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Oh yeah. Normally it's not. They say the grass isn't greener in this case it is because I'll tell you why. You could be real. You can say what you want to say. You're not, you're not worried about always being liked or selling tickets or getting your merchandise or hitting the bottom line. Or even if your boss is come to you with notes and you're like, yo do this. You're like, bro, I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want and like, enjoy the fucking show. And that's the wave I think John is on right now. And You know what?


I love it. He was, I love second guessing it though. He what? Yeah. I saw that clip of him second guessing. No, he wasn't, he had a hard match and he was, he was, he was tired. And I think he heard a fan say something and like, it distracted him. No, the whole arena was saying Thank you Cena. Yeah. Well, well that's the thing about being a heel right now. I'm just gonna say this. They don't actually hate you, bro. Some people might say otherwise For you. Yeah. For you. It's possible. It's forced. Yeah. It's it's Forced hatred, bro. You don't, you're, you're, you're like, you're really in your seat like this. Fuck you Logan. But deep down, and eventually I know the cheers will be.


Thank you Logan. Just like they are for John right Now. I'm certain it's been a while. I'm certain it's been a while. 'cause the opposite of love is not hate. It's indifference. And if they're silent, that's the problem. If you are capable of hating someone, of disliking someone to a degree where you're really, really forcing yourself to, to say fuck you or whatever it is, you're this close to loving them. All they have to do is flip that switch. John did it. Dominic might be doing it soon. We see it with Dom, right? Biggest he'll ever couldn't get a fucking word out and now champion. He's turning the corner a little bit and everyone's like, oh, Dom's awesome. Yeah, I've been saying he's fucking sick.


Yep. Whether you're a heel or a baby face, if you are getting the crowd to react, you are sick. And John scene is getting some of the biggest reactions he's ever had. And he knows exactly what he's doing. He's puppeteering the crowd. He's playing with your emotions. He's playing you people like a, like a fiddle. Damn. As he said, it's, it's too easy. Wow. He speaks in rhythmic tones and you say what? You're predictable. He knows what you're gonna do. You are an instrument in John Cena orchestra and I'm here for all of it. That was powerful, man. Damn. Provocative. It gets the people going. Speaking of heels, man.


Where, where could this possibly go? Dude, I always talk about your feet. You're not gonna lie, dude. Keep Those fuckers outta this conversation. You're not Gonna, I'm not gonna lie. I always gotta a segue, dude. I'm the segue king. You just gotta let me drive bro. You're sitting bitch on my dude, dude, bitch on my driving couch. Oh yeah. Off the cliff died. On A segue, Y'all know that you Drove off a cliff cliff on a segue cliff. How crazy is that? Isn't That so? How crazy is that, bro? Natural selection. Okay. Yeah. But natural selection with his own product, bro. He made so He ended up leading to his demise. That's Hey, with the guy that's horrible. The guillotine, the, the guy that invented the gee was killed with a guillotine. Shut up. Shut up. No. Fucking shut up. Lemme see. Figure that out, dude. Yo, imagine you Was the guy who invented the guillotine, killed with a guillotine.


Actually, no. Fuck the guy who the guillotine is named after. I'm confident. Who was confident. Wait, wait, What is it say? Can you say, repeat the answer or something? It kind of just like disappeared. Like, I don't really know. Like Maybe, sure. Maybe her head got cut off by guillotine in that moment. Dude, What cha t did you what? What you said, yes. Yes. Did the inventor of the guillo team get executed by a guillo team? Yes. Dr. Joseph Iness guillotine, the man whose name is famously associated with the Guillotine. How did the inventor of the guillotine die? Say that? Okay. Alright, so dude, what Chad, and don't talk this time because how Did the inventor of the guillotine die? The guy often associated with inventing the guillotine, Dr. Joseph ias Guata actually didn't die by his own creation.


He passed away from natural causes in 1814. However, there's a common myth that he was executed by the guillotine, which isn't true. Another fun fact, the guillotine was named after him, but he wasn't the sole inventor. He just proposed its use as a more humane method of execution. Humane. Ask about the, ask about the Segway driver. How did, How did the inventor of the segway die? The inventor of the Segway. Jimmy Heselton tragically died in an accident involving a segway in two oh thousand 10. He was riding one of his company's off-road seg models near his home in England when he accidentally went over a cliff into a river.


It was a freak out, bro. Bro, that is worst case scenario. That is so bad because, because, Oh God. Now I can't even say it with an situation like this dude, that's so sad. Anything involving toppling, like the word I toppling to Yeah, exactly. That style of toppling. Like, especially on a segway, they're kind of high up. You topple. Oh my gosh. Such a bad ending dude. And, and, and terrible. But speaking of heels, man. Theo Vaughn. Wow. Theo Vaughn. Who, who man, first and foremost, shout out Theo Vaughn right now, who is, who is running circles on the podcast circuit.


This dude is having some big names on. Yeah. Oh yeah. And I so, so, so love. Theo was super, super pissed off at you guys for what you did to the chair that day and set that whole thing up. We didn't that we didn't do that. He knows that shout. But anyways, talk about it. Anyways, shout out to Theo 'cause I do love him in front of the camera, behind the camera. The dude is amazing. And I, I sent in all my best vibes to you all the time, dear. I love you so much gets pressed by someone. I think it was in Nashville, right? I guess they had been like antagonizing 'em and like saying stuff to 'em. And you, you know how those things kind of elevate. They start in one place and then the guys hang around longer and alcohol's involved, and all of a sudden they're right next to him.


And this dude's right up on him. This dude's right up next to him up in his personal space and Theo puts hands on him, dude. Yeah. His Neck. And gives him a, I don't, I don't think I'd seen a neck shove in ages, dude. He gave him a neck shove. And it brings up that question of like, yo, when is attacking fans or, or people in public valid, You know, a valid option. Dude and I, and let's be honest, the real answer is once you invade my physical space, Even, even then, Bro. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'll speak for myself personally. Okay. Once you, once you, once you invade my physical space, yeah, You've Crossed a line depending on how the fuck around and find out.


No, I'm not saying to do it. But what I'm saying is it's a part, it's a part of that style of thinking. You've now touched me. Maybe you've caught me on a day where I'm having a great day. I just hit a a 21 on, on blackjack. I'm having a great day. You, you smack the shit outta my arm. Yeah, yeah. And I'm happy, and I, and I say this to you and I hit you back, whatever, but maybe, maybe Grandma Jane just died. Maybe the per uvo test didn't come back looking so great. Or the superpower came back and my, my, my estrogen was a little high. Oof. He's emotional. And my test was a little high and everything. Or he was angry. Maybe even a little low or a little high.


Who knows? Sad, confused. He doesn't know what's going on. And you, and you come up to me and you say, what's up old man how you, you're gonna get feeling today. You're gonna get cooked, bro. Mikey's gonna lay hands on you. There's A high, there's allegedly, there's a, my opinion, well you, we've, we've witnessed some of it happen. There's a chance that I'm a I'm gonna strike you, bro. Now I gotta think about the money. I gotta think about the lawsuits. Right? But what if you catch me on a day when thought processes ain't coming so easily to me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I maybe I haven't slept enough. Okay. Maybe I'm going through a bad time in my life and I'm feeling a little dark and I'm feeling like I want to give you a backhanded slap. Not a front hand, a back, a good test driven 1250.


I just stuck the needle in my ass. 1250 backhand. So you get to visit a new constellation, you get to visit a new solar system. Yeah. Because you decided to do this to me Now I, so I, so I, I feel Theo. Well also, lemme tell you something. Lemme You've dictated my personal space, bro. I am a human. I'm not a YouTuber right Now. I amm a fucking human. If someone did this to you, how would you react? Context is important. Who knows how much that guy was harassed Theo before that clip as well. You know, like if he was told to back off and he kept, he kept, he kept pushing it and pushing it. It's, it's, it's not cool. You have to, you have to still have boundaries. And I understand the feeling, I've said this on this podcast before, but like with, with a guy like Theo, you, me, anyone who's constantly putting themselves out there online, these people, you, they think they know us because they do.


Yeah, for Sure. For Sure. Because they do to an extent. Like, like, like basically, basically, dude, especially with the reality show out now, like what you see is what you get. If you approach me in person, it's probably gonna be like, yo, what's good? Like how the old thing, like, we'll we shoot this shit, I love that Two humans conversing. It's my favorite thing to do in the whole world. Yes. And so this guy probably thought he knew Theo, which even though you, you might, doesn't mean you can cross that mountain to Your personal space. No. But you saw the clip Or uncomfortability and, and no, I, I saw the clip. I, I think, I think he, in his space, like I think, I think with any man, this is like my like primal Ohio belief. If you're invading another man who is a stranger's personal space, in my opinion, you have now opened yourself up to whatever the fuck, fuck Happens.


Consequence To consequence, consequence, consequence. For Sure. Like, that's, that's my opinion. And so in my opinion, I think Theo had every right to get that guy out of his space. There's a hundred ways to do it. He chose to do it with the neck push. So be it, whatever. But I think that's, I think that's, and I've, I've ironically seen this happen with Theo before at the inauguration. It was, it was after the inauguration. And, and, and I seen this guy like, who, who was just like being a little too forward with Theo. And Theo was like, bro, back the fuck off of me. And I, and I stepped up. I was like, yo, you need to like get out. Like, I, I, you can see it in these people's eyes. You can tell when they're not all there. It's like a, it's like, it's like glassy. There's a, there's, there's like no depth behind the eyes. Yeah. Yeah. They're kind of just like, lights On, nobody home, lights on, nobody home.


So it's, it's those the tweakers you gotta watch out for. Let me let tell lemme tell you something. Had this incident happen the other day, for the first time as a parent, Ooh, that's a whole different Ballgame. Yo, yo, this was, this was new to me. Mike, me and Nina were chilling with Esme. And this little boy, probably about four or five years old, years old, comes up to Esme and I, and I, and Nina's holding her. And I said this, this, this boy is, I can tell he is a little crazy. Just, just watch him. 'cause he, he, he approached us, right? We're sitting at a table like having drinks and he just ran right up to us and got right in me. And Nina's personal space. Granted, he's a child, right? Yep. So I'm not like, yep.


Yeah. Like get, like, get. But I, I tell Nina, I'm like, I'm like, just, just, just watch. 'cause I, this, this, I can tell this kid's tweaking, I think is the verbiage I used. Sure enough. So, so he, he, he, he, he starts, he raises his hand and he like goes like this to estimate, he like hits her like that. And, and now I'm confused 'cause a where's your parent? Why? Who you just, I'm, I'm a new dad. But like, is this what kids do? Do they like, like just, Is it just a boy being a boy? Yeah. But as a dad, I'm like, yo, that's not cool. And then the, his brother comes up and they both are like, like doing this to her, to her leg. And I'm, and the dad's there. The dad's right there. He's five feet away and he's, and he's cool with it. He's not controlling these little, like, lunatics.


And I'm like, as, as a dad of a daughter, I'm like, You know what? I'm actually like not cool with this. I don't think this is okay. And so I, I go to the kid, I go, Hey, hey, be nice. Be nice. Good. That, that was what I did. I was like, I was like, be nice. And that was the extent of it. And then, You know, the dad came up and he took the kids away and they're like, misbehaving and stuff. And I told Nina, I was like, I have to be honest, that was like a new experience for me. Because, But that's so, I mean, but that's like the most common thing ever. You did. You did it per, you handled it perfectly. Be nice that bro, a hundred percent that happens, bro. Kid, little boys, bro. They don't understand how things work, bro. They're just, but the dad. But the dad was Like, that's no, that's what made it awkward. No. He should have been the one to come in and say, don't do that. Because I was wait, I, I was waiting for Kids a hundred percent for kids to be like, oh, stop, stop.


But you can't always rely on that. And to, and, but I don't know why I'm giving any parenting advice right now, but I'm just saying from having watched it and been a part of it, as in my own childhood and, and seeing my sisters do and all that stuff. Yeah. You have to, like with Chase for example, chase is, You know, he's a lunatic. This is why I'm saying it to you. 'cause I do see it with Chase. Mm. He'll go, he used to when he was younger, go up and and hit the dog and the dog will growl and he would hit the dog. Yeah. Like, 'cause he doesn't get it. Yeah. You have to say, Hey, hey, don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Don't hit the be nice. Exactly what you did. That was the per, that was the perfect thing. Yeah. And then if that doesn't work, you knock the fucking dad out. No, don't do that. Yo, the so to the theo point, by the way, I think the line is the physical space, when they start touching you, words are where things get dangerous.


And we've, I'm not gonna bring anything specific up. I had to age outta that. You had to age outta that. There was a time where if you said something to me, it would evoke potentially physical reaction. And that can happen. Happen. Yeah. But Happen. That's all. Well you said humans are complicated for Sure. It's all circumstantial for Sure. Like, dude, if you're having a bad day Yeah. But that, that changes everything. Yeah. But we can't have, we have no more excuses. We can unfortunately, No, it's not Excuses. You can come up, somebody could te somebody could technically come up to like right here, that's fine. And say a lot of shit to you. And you really can't do that. That's Fine. Whatever. Talk your shit. What If they Not, not Okay. Not okay. Yeah. There's a limit. There's boundaries.


Yeah, there's Boundaries. There has to be. There has to be. Yeah. There has to be. I know we see the time. Six minutes. We gotta out here, bro. No, no, no, no, no. Hold on. I'm almost done. I I do wanna say this too. It was, it was interesting. It also depends on what the person has in their hands. Like bro, if they've got like, it's all circumstances. Like, like if somebody comes up to you with a beer bottle, I'm a little bit changed. But this dude, it was weird because like he had balloons. What's he gonna do With them? No, because that's the weird thing. Like, like either like you, okay, he can go two ways with this old guy from up, in which case I'm letting him do whatever he wants. Gotta do whatever he want. Right? Right. 'cause worst case scenario is just gonna float away.


Right. Guess what? He can go the clown from it. Oh, Now we got, now we got trouble, boys. Now I gotta hit him with that neck push. You know what I'm saying? Like, bro, so, so when Theo saw him, it's pretty obvious he saw the clown from Mt crawling out the Soar, trying to get little Jimmy or Tommy or whatever to go down the sword train with him. And Theo, what do You say? Why do you say it like that? Soar. So You didn't say it like that the first two times I let it slide the first time. Sore. Sore. Yes. That. Why Sore Drain Sea. Sea Sea.


Seymour, we've gone loopy, we've gone nuclear. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Then he went to, then he went to an Air Army piece, some guitar straight from there and did a speech. Did you see that? Yeah. Yeah. He's all over the Place. Dude. Dude. He's a globetrotter. Deon's a Globetrotter. I hope he has better luck with chairs or the people that put 'em together. Yeah. Hey guys, That's it. Love, death and robots. That's it. Love Death and robots is fantastic. Watch it. MrBeast. We just started watching these snack size episodes. I see you dude. You got call two 30. I don't know. What are you gonna do for the next four minutes? Why can't you deliver four minutes Prepared? Hey guys, Thank you for watching Episode of Impulsive, specifically for that one group.


Yes, I did. We love you. We love you. If you're watching this podcast, thanks for listening. Can We, can we do boys Only more often? Come on guys. Come on. We're hanging out. What? Yeah. Yeah. Boys only is good. It's my friend Mike here. Logan Paul late. Here we are. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace. Peace.