
Six months from now, you could be running a 5K booking that dream trip or seeing thicker, fuller hair. Every time you look in the mirror through hers, you can get dermatologists trusted, clinically proven prescriptions with ingredients that go beyond what over the counter products offer. Whether you prefer oral or topical treatments, hers has you covered. Getting started is simple. Just fill out an intake form online and a licensed provider will recommend a customized plan just for you. The best part, everything is a hundred percent online If prescribed, your treatment ships right to your door. No pharmacy trips, no waiting rooms, and no insurance. Headaches plus treatments start at just $35 a month. Start your initial free online visit today@forher.com slash talk. That's F-O-R-H-E-R s.com/talk. Compounded products are not f fda approved or verify for safety effectiveness or quality prescription required price marries both on product and subscription plan. See website for full details, restrictions, and important safety information.


You know what John Cena said to me, what last night after my match, he said, you look older. And I said, wow, you really are a heel. And then later in the day after my match, he was walking by before he became the ghost statistically, as well as he's the goat. He pointed at me and he said, wait, John Cena said there's gonna come a time where you all wake up to Logan Paul. Yep. He said that. That's a direct quote. Direct Quote. What does he mean by that? Like, we're gonna wake up and Logan Paul's gonna be sleeping next to us. No, I Thought, I, I thought the opposite.


Like I was gonna be waking people up. Like wake up. That's What I Yeah, that's what I mean. Wake up. Time to wake up. I did that to Nina this morning. Wake up babe. This food outside. And I opened the, I opened the, the shades and it was, she was like a thing that hadn't seen the light in days. It was crazy. Different type of creature. Yeah. Pam, why don't you do me a favor? Yes. Get us some extra ad spend on this episode and show off those toy woes. Yeah, That is true. Ma, you should start Only Toes. Oh, only Pam, right now, ladies and gentlemen. And we've got a special over on our page. 10 99 for the next three months. And who knows what she's gonna show on the private website. You know which one I'm talking about? Guys, go click the link.


Look at these. Pam, you could probably, they probably have a category for PAMs over there, right? Yeah. Old People toes. No, no, only toes. Only toes. Yeah. Okay. I didn't want only Toes over 60. Little further. Ooh, ooh. I, I'll be honest with you. Yeah. I woke up this morning. I was good last night after the match. Of course. I beat a styles yesterday. WrestleMania. Let's go. Let's go. That makes me three in one at Wrestlemania's. That's impressive. 4, 4, 1. No, brother. Three in one. Oh, only. That's, that was my fourth one yesterday. Is that crazy? It feels like so many more. It does. That's 'cause there's been, how long have we been doing this shit? Feels like a long time. Nah, bro, I felt fine after the match. I, I like, man, I barely broke a sweat out there. I was in my, I was in my pocket. I was just feeling myself.


I was flowing out there and man, this morning I woke up my back, my neck, my back. My Doctor said I need a back outta me, My neck, my, it's also nose, neck, my back, my and my crack. Can we play just the like three second part without getting copyrighted? Yeah, maybe. I don't know. I don't know. I Think we might be able to speak. I'll be honest with you, bro. I'm, I'm not, we're not even monetizing anymore at this point. I, my, my Google accent account is unlinked, bro. My not on this, not on this. My main channel's not even in the partner program anymore. 'cause we delinked some. I bro, like, well I use copyright music, whatever. That was my recommendation. Not on this. It's a bad recommendation.


No, it's Not. It's bad for you down. It's bad for your pocket. But it's good for viewer retention. It is. I'm telling you. It's because News. And he doesn't care about the $8,000 a month in Ad Rev. But You do. I do on my channel because I don't have WWE contract. You're making money on you. But losing his, I don't have a WWE e contract. I don't, in fact, I don't have any Contracts. I could get you one if you wanted to. I Would just take, at this point, I would take any contract. I don't care what it Is. It could be car insurance. Just give me something to sign so I feel like I'm a part of something. Okay. I didn't even get anything for lunch, Lee. Yeah, you Did. Yeah. You call it phantom equity. I feel like. What is my contract gonna pop outta the closing and I go look for my clothes for my Coachella stylist? No, he is gonna buy you a phantom CARTO roll.


Roy Phantom. No, it's phantom equity. Meaning my partners all think bringing you on board is a horrible idea. So I can't officially put you on the, on the papers. Especially Jimmy. Imagine I ran out off the podcast right now. 'cause you made one joke about me and I cried. I'm kidding. I'm getting stop. Stop. But you're Our Stop. You stop too. You talk. Okay. He sold his House. No, he did sell his house. But wait, wait. I wanna, I want talk about this house wrestle. Our partners are now interested in doing business with Mike actually being part No, I'm joking. I'm joking. He does have a very mini minuscule, and when I say minuscule, I wanna clarify. It's basically non-existent amount of phantom equity and lunch league. And I'm boo Ah, here's your equity. It's a phantom gimme go.


Equity. How Much equity does your mom have? Your lunch? What'd you say about my mom? What? How much equity do I have in lunch? Lunch. Let me ask you this. What have you contributed to the project? You? Yeah, That's not big enough. Yeah, I guess it's, yeah. Hello? Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You called me this morning. Can I say this? No, no. I don't want, I don't even get into it. Yeah, I wasn't gonna even I can, maybe I can, I can thread the needle if you, if you'd like the needle. Get it. No, I'm just, I just want, I do wanna say something. I, this is a thought I had earlier. If you guys can't fucking tell.


I drank a lot last night. I drank so much. And also caffeine. Yeah. And I was just trying to stay awake. I was awake till like five, 6:00 AM because we were, we were celebrating another WrestleMania. It's, we're In fucking Vegas, dude. We're in Vegas. We were up $40,000. Now we have nothing. But before that, life was good. Life was good. And so, and so I woke up this morning off this fresh WrestleMania win. I'm feeling a little goofy today. And like I said, man, my back, my back, my lower back was hurting. I can barely bend over. And I realized, bro, it hurts from carrying this whole entire fucking company on my back. What? Impulsive No. Wwe and this and this show too. Okay. I'm doing everything, bro.


Okay. And by the way, man's talking about contracts. I gave him unofficially an additional 3% and 3.3, 3 3, 3, 3 repeating. Yeah. So Now he's officially a millionaire from this show. Well, no, I've been a millionaire from the show for seven years now. Oh, I'm a millionaire from this show. More. So Thank you for that. Three, three. It's, it's because, you know, I will say this, you always have been a very fair business partner. And I mean that. And it makes up for the fact that you're a terrible friend. Wow. Ouch. No, you're not. I, I'm kidding. You just, you just, I think it's important in life that, You know, You know what to go to different relationships for.


Like, like, okay, put it like this to both of us. Our careers are very important. And for a long time now, we've been able to rely on each other to assist in each other's careers. So that becomes a part of this friendship. Yeah. Right. But if I had a major, You know, life issue going on, my, I might not reach out to you, man. Yeah. Because it's the same life issue. No, that's not true. There's been a lot of 'em we don't have to get. Okay. Okay. I didn't, I didn't anticipate that you would be in the dark sunglasses mode today. You're dark Logan. You're dark Logan today. And actually, I don't want any smoke. Let's just talk about your Back. I'm over. No, no, no. Let's talk about your back, Bro. We don't have to talk about my back.


We don't have to talk about my back anymore. I want you to know, Mike, and You know this, don't be ridiculous if you call me about anything other than that girl, I fucking got you because that girl, well, Hold on. Well, what if I put, what if I put like funky, like, You know, red tape around when you called me? 'cause you called me about that girl a million times. And I always picked up. And there was a time where that girl was just that girl. And it was, was it my wife? No, not her specifically, but there's been others in the past. I would never say like, I don't want to talk about this. Let's talk about my back. I would never say that to you. I Got hours for you. No matter what you call about, real friends, don't put red tape on shit. You just listen. Whatever's hurting you as a person. How rid ever ridiculous it is.


I walked out, I saw a flower that made me sad. Today, if you're a true friend, you're gonna listen about that flower many times. You're gonna ask about those pets. Many hundreds, many thousands, Millions. No, no, no. Mike, you told me about this flower a million times. Many. And, And last night, I, yes, I've been in a, I've been in a rough patch. And last night I was bullied at dinner for hours by everyone you bullied back. We talked about, no, I didn't. Last night we talked about horror. There were pictures of people on your phone that you were flashing. Well, last night we talked about, we talked about, there were, people were like, yeah, I, Logan gave got up, he gave a speech. He's like, and by the way, we're in this room. It was 40 person room, by the way. He'll call me like an hour before the dinner and be like, yo, 40 people, Carbone set it up and don't fuck it up, Mike.


No. So I gotta go call Major food group. Shout out here. And news door. Someone said, where do you want to eat? I said, carbon. And then I don't know what happens after that. I don't, I don't know how. I'll tell you what happens after that. Mikey boy, your little whipping boy goes to work. Okay? And then you just magically appear whenever you want. And you sit down and everything's on. Nice, nice for you. But you don't even know what goes on behind the fucking scenes. That's what happens. By the way, it happened last night. Happened the night before happened the night before. Tonight. I don want to go to this place, Delilah. Then I wanna go to sw. Then I don wanna go to this place. No, by the way, you're, by the way, then you'll be at the, you were already eating by the, I just showed up to Delilah. Then you'll be at the dinner. By the way, who paid for it? Then you'll be at the dinner. That's what I want to ask. Yeah. Who did pay for it? Who pays for it? You wanna really know? Yes.


Depends on the night. Some nights it's impulsive and both of us pay for it. Some nights it's not. So these last two, he had 40 people. His last two nights, Delilah was impulsive. Okay. And what about last night? I don't know. 'cause I wasn't there in the check game. But you also had, it was me, Mike, but I'll be also, it was me, Mike, but I'll be honest with you, you also had 60 extended family members there. Four card buyers, nine musicians, eight. Who the fuck's gonna pay for it? You invited every person you've ever met in your life. You're like, you had people from 24 years ago, 30 years ago yesterday, you were running into people in the hall. Like, man, it's so great to have a dinner with so many eclectic people. All it was, I just met Jerry in the hallway. He's telling me about his new card collections project. Who the fuck's gonna pay for that?


Me. Hey Jerry, thanks for coming and eating an $8,000 dinner. What the fuck? And then you get up here. Mike was so stressed, didn't even eat. Thank you. So he gets up, he goes, Thank you so much to all the eclectic people here. My sweet mother's here, my manager Mac my best friend at 25 years'. Fat drug addict, Jorge. Then Logan goes, then he goes, Logan goes, You know, it'd be nice to have this meal for the next 20 years. And Jorge jumps in, Michael be dead by then. No, he, the whole table starts laughing. No, he didn't. He Kevin's making jokes in Spanish. Fucking bro. I'm sitting there like, why do I even do this shit? Why do I come to these dinners to be berated for cheap thrills? For the cheap thrills of others? It's such a thrill. It is a cheap thrill of others.


No, you wanna know what the reason is. That is true. I've noticed this. People make jokes about other people when they need quick, easy laughs. It's, it's the self-esteem. Inability. Yes. It's the inability to create actual comedies. So you just go at other people quickly, little jabs. And I'm cool being the punching bag. It's just so easy because I Got, I Got real humor. I don't, when's the last time I said so mean? Well, you, but normally I could just come up with shit. You know what I'm saying? I'm making jokes, but damn. Last night, bro, I was getting hit from every, even Neil, my favorite security guard dude. What he say? What he say? Just funny. It was a British slang about bangers and Nashville. It was fucking crazy, dude. It was a lot. I, I have to be honest With you, I, I thought you could handle the roast.


I, and I'm not, I'm not, maybe last night was a little different, but like, roasting is awful. You can't handle shit. Turn your Twitter comments back on. No, no. Because they're all, You know what I'm saying? How are you gonna tell me, bro? I'm standing in front of all my close families and friends are all pointing at me. Ha ha ha. I feel like I was being run over by a tractor. It was just a lot. I feel like, I feel like normally Imagine they did that to you. No, I, I, roasting is my love language. If it's funny, it's fine. Right? That's the gen, to me, that's the general, like, if it's funny, well, I Got my get back on your doll at the WW world, that Shit, you've fucked, you fucked my doll up with that shit Hundred dude. I, I've never, I've never seen anyone hit that ball that hard of it. You punched it 50 times. Just Frustrate me sometimes. But I, I love you, but you just frustrated.


But I gave you phantom equity. Ooh, you, maybe we'll make money at some point. Oh, Mike's, Mike's venture firm is Phantom Equity. Phantom equity. Phantom equity. LLC


WrestleMania 41 is in the books. But the action doesn't stop there for all your WWE Live event tickets, baseball game, and this summer's music festival season, there's only one place you need to be. And that's SeatGeek with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events every single day on SeatGeek, including concerts, sporting events, music festivals, and of course, raw SmackDown, wwe, Les Premium live events, things that I'm at. They put all the tickets across the web in one place to make sure you're getting a good deal. Each ticket is graded to make sure you get a good deal. Look for the green dots. Screen, of course means good, right? Of course means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. You know, I came through for you guys as always, use my code. Logan 10 for 10% off tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off your purchase with promo code Logan 10. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app. Shout out, see Geek.


Now, back to the show.


Here's the thing. If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, You know, prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's, worldclass supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them from disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment. So you can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Same thing happens with AA and na. Okay? Took me, took me 10 years to get off dope arrests, felonies, broken bones, organs, mom crying. And every time you'd be like, damn, dude, this is the easiest lesson in The world to learn. How many fucking times Is it gonna take you to have to learn the same lesson over and over and over and over? And every time I went to a meeting or talked to somebody for four hours, six hours, 10 hours, then one time in one of those conversations, they said one thing and it clicked. That changed my fucking life forever.


And so and so, and, and, and everybody that's in the program and in recovery understands this concept, which is that it doesn't matter how many times you have to go, it's that at some point you're gonna hear something and it's going to click, keep Coming back, Keep coming back. That's what they say. But that doesn't mean it has to affect somebody. I get that. Yeah. No, there's no world where, first of all, a lot of the conver these conversations shouldn't even really be happening. It Is, it is a lot of self dive. But, You know, it wasn't about that. It wasn't about lack of listening. It was just about I couldn't, I was getting roasted to, would You like to suplex him? No, I can't. My back Back. You doctor said, I need to back you outta me, My back. Mike. Mike, I love you, bro.


I know. I love you too. And, and yeah, It's Also, I wish I could give you that. I wish I could give you those three hours, but I, the, what you just said is a little hard for me to understand. It always has been. We've talked about that on this show Before. Because if I'm, if I'm like, like, bro, for me, I'll touch that stove probably like three to five times before I'm like, that shit's fucking hot. I probably shouldn't touch it anymore. He's been doing it for a decade. I just don't understand. Just, I'm like, I just like, bro, you, why are you touching the stove, bro? And it becomes like, if it comes to a point where I I I'm not even like helping. I don't feel like I'm just like, not even like, No. Yeah. That's, that's a solid, I feel like I'm, that's a solid point too. Like to, to keep bringing this back to the conversation about, about substances.


Are we wasting both our times? No, but just You each, you each may look at it differently. You may look at it wasting. He may not. Oh, well, he, it's different. Or are we wasting both our times? Because there, because nothing will happen on his end. And I, nothing I say say works well Once you, well, once you bring in, well, once you bring in that type of thinking, because like even nine years in, at, at the methadone clinic, I never thought that nothing would work. I never gave up. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And so, like, and so like, truth truthfully, like we, we've, we've talked about this in the past. One thing I've just noticed about everybody is everybody has strengths and weaknesses. I've got a ton of weaknesses. I'm an addict. I get addicted to things. I I have trouble processing things.


And, and, and by the way, also, dude, like at the end of the day, all we are is a sum of our experiences in life. And, and all I am right now is all I've ever been, like, I had, I had a conversation with you the other day about the, the, the knowledge I have of what romantic relationships look like, by the way. And I'll, I'll spare my parents and I'll spare what my childhood household look like. Yeah. But like, it's nasty shit, bro. Like really, like truthfully nasty shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like beyond, You know, a little finicky argument or like somebody getting their ass slapped and get some really fucking ass. Do you remember what I, what I told you what?


That you could be the one that breaks that. No, I understand that. And, and of course that's the goal, but I'm just saying shit, shit just doesn't. And, and I, and I, and I love, and I love, I love this conversation too, truthfully, because this is why I have my audience, this is why I have a swath of people out there who, who listen when I talk, because We're all envious of you, man. We're all envious of headstrong individuals who, who, who, who build things brick by brick. And there's a lot of infrastructure and processes and shit just looks nice. And, You know, you hit a hiccup, but you make a turn and everything works out. It's just that for a lot of us brother, it's just not what our world looks like. You know what I'm saying? It's a, it's a messy A to B2C, and then back to B then back to a, then back to negative five.


And then you gotta fucking go and take a loan. Well, Hold on, hold on, hold on. I, I hear you. And like, struggle is all relative, right? And my happens in, in, in equally unrelatable and absolutely fucked ways first. Oh, for Sure. Yeah. That it, or like astronomically. No, but that's what, yeah, that's kinda what, And possibly true. But yeah, it's, You know, it's, it's all, it's all relative. And I, and I hear you and I, I don't, I don't know, I, I don't even know if we like, have a, like a takeaway from that. Not to bring up divorce, but what, how old were you when you got divorced? 38. I'm just bringing it up. The 40 age thing, right?


Yeah. The midlife thought like, most people live to what, 80 now, right. Is expectancy. So you've lived a half your life and you're like, whoa, I'm looking at mirror. I had it 39, I'm, You know, same age as you on my birthday. I was like, damn, I'm almost 40. Like, I gotta look at what's going on. And I think that's partially in my head of, You know, thinking about Mike and talking to him for the past month about a lot of stuff. I think that's possibly what's going on. That's very Possible. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. It's definitely deeper. And it's just like, and it's like final note on Is it's, it really is hard for me to have, it's hard for me to have these conversations with anyone besides when I'm in the program, truthfully, because it's just like the, it all I've ever known is severe chaos and destruction and desperation.


And it's, and so it's hard to like, to root it in, You know, a, a space that's understood by everybody. So We love you. You know, we love, I Appreciate that. You know, it's a lot of trauma. You're, I don know that you, you're enough for us, Mike. Yeah. I don know that you are. Let all that go. Michelle Mcco said Mike in her induction speech at the Hall of Fame. You are enough. You're enough. Mike. She said it to her daughter. She said to the whole, yep. That was cool. People out there was cool. It was definitely something to listen to. I can't believe, bro, this is the craziest weekend ever for the wwe SmackDown Hall of Fame induction. A whole day of pre WrestleMania wrestling stuff, then WrestleMania, then a second day of WrestleMania.


Today's Monday night Raw. It's not, how is, it's not respected enough of how much work this organization does. No, it's not. They get four days off a week and they're still working. I mean, in production they're off for four days. Yeah. They're still in meetings for three days, then they're traveling for another day. Triple H probably has the one of the hardest jobs in entertainment. I totally agree. And sports period. End of story. I totally Agree. What about the people behind the scenes? They're Unbelievable too. They have To travel. Was thinking about it while I was sitting in the, in the suite. It's crazy. And looking at the 70,000 or 63,000, The infrastructure of what was floating above the ring. He's like mass, like, it's like, it's almost like what Tommy Fury has the picture of the alien crab has been built like above the ring.


Yeah. And it's just floating there. And like, then by the way, it'll fucking disappear. Yeah. And it'll just end up that night. It'll just end up somehow in Indianapolis that night. But it doesn't just do that. 400 people come and break it apart at four in the morning and then drive, drive it to the next box trucks to the next city. And, and like trying to explain WWE e to people that are outside the org is the cra they're just like, gotta be the dumbest thing we ever seen. And I'm like, they're like, we just don't get, and I'm like, dude, listen, you don't have to get it. It's very similar to the conversation we just had. You don't have to get it, but just understand it exists.


Like, there is no org in The world. Like it, I always say except for like Disney in some weird way. Like where people are just obsessive about it. Yes. Like WWE is crazy. Yeah. Is WrestleMania the biggest weekend? Yeah. Yeah. By Far. It's not even my favorite. I like rumble better. Dude. Rumble's so fun. But, but this, this mania in Vegas. I like, I don't know if there's a better location to host WrestleMania. It's awesome. In Vegas, man. It's Vista is awesome. Yeah. Vegas is so fun. Staying at the win Encore. Just walk over to Allegion Stadium. Wrestle a little bit like they curse gamble. It's gamble a lot. Gamble. Gamble a lot. That it's, it's just such a fun organization to work for. The Pope died.


What? Whoa. Yeah, the Pope died on Easter. On Easter. He died on Easter Monday. Is that, which is Just, that's a real thing too, though. That is a big thing. Easter Monday. Well, yeah, so I mean, I mean, listen for anybody who is a Catholic, I mean, you're talking about the closest human to God, You know, the person that basically, right. Is that his, that is his, his his role is to be the, the, the closest speaker to God, like the person that delivers the message. Is that accurate? The message? What is the role? Hold on, can you have chat GBT that talks? Yeah, I do. What is the role of the Pope? Ask, ask it. He's like the supreme leader of the Catholic. What is the role of the pope?


The Pope is the spiritual leader of the Roman Catholic Church and the Bishop of Rome. He has several roles. He's considered a supreme pastor, meaning he's responsible for guiding the faith and morals of the church. He's also the head of the Vatican City state. Additionally, he plays a key role in ecumenical and interfaith dialogues representing the church on the global stage. Tha Thank you. Yeah. So, so he, so now wait, isn't there like a wild process that takes place now where the smoke comes outta the chimney and you Have to, you're you're looking at me and I have no clue why Jeff? Yeah. Jeff. Jeff. No, I don't, I don't know. But I look to you As a, as I respected, I would like to learn it.


Yeah. As a cultural titan. It's actually true. Someone who understands things. It's, I would, I will dive further into learning more about the Movie. What's the movie where they gotta get the new Pope and the smoke comes outta the Chim Pope of Monte Crystal? No, that's wrong. Okay. It's a, it's a comedy and they're like, there's a new pope and the red smoke comes outta the chimney. Is Mr. Bean in it? Is it hero Trip or Something like that? I think Mr. Be, I wish Mr. Bean was in it. Dude, I, I went speaking, I went to church here in Vegas on Sunday. How was that? Me too. I know you Well, I Didn't know they had churches. You guys went, what do you mean? There's a church right outside the window. Window's Church in every single City. So that in The world. So that church, A church in Sin City, Logan, every city in The world. I guess that's, I guess church. I guess you'd probably actually ha wanna have more churches here.


Logan, every city in the entire world. No, you're The first three times. So, so that church that you went to, yes. That's an easy, It's the guardian angel church. One more time, Jeff. I just don't understand how you don't realize that. Well, bro, because at first I was like, we're in Sin City. I feel like you need more than a church. Like you, the Pope should, should come here, should live here. The new ones, the new, the new one, I guess. No. So the church, the church that Pam went to is, has a special place in my heart. Because when you wake up right here at the Win Encore, and just throwing this out there and some sort of fit, completely fictitious story.


It's six in the morning, the blind's open. This, this part is not me. I swear to you, I promise you, you, you, you, you pass the corner of the table and a bunch of white powder flies off it and you fall bottle falls, some girl screaming, close the curtains, there's a nut covered towel to the bed. And you just realize you, you lost $7,800 the night before a smoke, cigarette smoke written blackjack table. And you open the fucking blinds to assess the damage. And the first thing you see is that church just sitting there. Where? Right in the parking lot outside the encore. I mean, you literally, it's, it's, it's right here. Oh, that's amazing. It's, it's right here.


It's the many mornings. Not with those things I just mentioned, but You know, definitely with some girls and definitely with heavy gambling losses and whatever else. I've seen that church and thought to myself, what am I doing with my life? Like, and It just sits there stares at you. You Should go. Yeah, I opened the blinds and that is none of what happened in my brain. It was like, what church is that? It's Easter. I'm gonna go to church. And I looked it up and it's a Catholic church and you went to it. And I went and it was beautiful. The bishops were there. All bishops of Vegas. What are Bishops? The archbishops, they're the, they're like below the pope, but they dress in the same garb and they're carrying the, the, what do you call that?


The staff. And they staff protection. Bless you. They'd walk by and they go, they bless you with all the oil. And it's very Catholic. Wait, Pam. It's Like, it's all So sacrilegious. You went to church and now you're just No. 'cause Catholic milk is Catholic. What stuff Is, I don't Know. No, I agree. I really would've rather gone to non-denominational. That's where I went. Well, I would've 'cause Shout out city lights, shirts and jabin for having me and, and Pastor Wilkerson out a v church in Miami for recommending city lights. What Is this an ad? Well, No, these guys were great to me. I showed up, there was a security escort. They sat me next to the pastor in the front row. Why Do you need security In church? Why do you need security at church? I don't know. I didn't ask for it.


That's Why I was confused that I didn't ask. Well there was it What There's been some very high profile church shootings. Oh, true. Wow. Very High. I didn't know. High profile. Yeah. So they've got, here in Vegas, they have some heavy duty like Neils with big, You know, protective firearms. But but the, the, the, the, the, the, the sermon was, was very beautiful. And it was about the fact that you, you are just by simply believing you've already achieved your, your duty. You Paid your debt, You've paid your debt. And this was a big weekend about debt payments too, because Jesus paid the debt for everyone. Of course that's one in, one in one swift act. And God gave him up and then he was rebo on the third day they said, he's not here, he's risen.


Happy Easter everyone. And then the Pope died And then the Pope died. Yo, that's not, I'm not gonna say it. Alright. I was just gonna say, what if three, three days later He was risen. That's what you were gonna say. No, I wasn't. I was gonna say that shows a new pope. No, I was gonna say that, but I wanted you to you to say, feel that. What? I don't know Logan, what do you wanna talk about? I Jake Paul versus Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. Senior, Junior. No, the internet. The internet thinks he's fighting senior in some of the post. Wait, wait. No way. No way. Yeah, it's funny. No way. They're, they're mocking him. Obviously it's silly. But they, because he fight, he used to fight some people. They were older. The internet was mocking him. He's obviously fighting Junior who is a former WBC Champion.


WNBA player. Yes. I'm not doing any of this on this show because I know in three years an episode of all Paul American's gonna come out where he's mad at us for doing this. It's all fun and games, right? Yeah. Until he calls me a paid Until you get, until you get mad and get mad at him for not listening to you. And Jake gets mad for not listening. Get off the show. Okay. No, I'm just kidding. No, IIII didn't, I didn't know that was going on, but a little bit. I, I, let's like, I, I see, I get the joke. I understand the joke. I, I I get it. But in reality it's a, I believe it's a tough, I think it's one of his toughest fights. It's definitely his toughest fight. Yeah, for Sure. This guy, real boxer. This guy can box, bro.


This guy can box real his record's like what, 54 and six or something? He's fought a lot of fights. Yeah. A lot of fights. Lot of experience. Boxing experience. Yeah. Not just like MMA or anything like Yeah, I think it's gonna be one of his other sites. How old is he? He's probably around the same age. He's 39. Oh wow. No, he is 40. No, he's 39, But he's turning 40. Sorry, sorry. Semantics. You got lost in the place of nuance buddy. You're a year off meant Closer to Mike's old age. Oh Yeah. Imagine I just run off crying. Just leave. Yeah. What do you think about him ma? Well, I didn't really know who he was, so I had to look it up. That's how I know his age because You know, I read all the comments, which I'm not supposed to do.


And the Google alerts about the internet making fun of Jake. And if they wanna get in the ring and all those haters wanna get in the ring themselves, then they can then speak. Other than that, just shut up. He, You know, like this guy is a, is a very well seasoned boxer. And it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough. I don, You know, I think we will see. Yeah. Jake, I feel like it has gotten stiffed a few times this year with who his opponents were gonna be match which Ones Canelo fight happened. Canelo obviously Ante was the, oh, Giovan. But ante lost.


Right Tie. And that's what I'm saying. It was a tie. I, when, when I saw him tie, I was like, ah, man, this, this could, this could fuck It messed Shit up. Yeah, for Sure. For Sure. So Jake Jake's now in a position where it's like, like, bro, the, the pool for him is not that big. Yep. There's not, there's not a lot of people to, to, to be, to be able to pick from that people can still get excited about. Sure. This guy is a real boxer. So it'll be another opportunity to show that he, Jake Paul is a real boxer. Agreed. And, and he's, he's doing what this is, this is what I don't understand about people hating on him. He's doing what every boxer before him that has ever lived does before. They are even remotely known. And that is fighting guys to build a resume and, and get a good record and put on entertaining fights.


My only, my only counter, He as well as get experience. My only, he's not fighting tomato cans. He's not, that's his thing. Taxi. Every Cab drivers. Yeah. Yeah. He is not fighting cab drivers. Every single, every single person agree that he fought, had a chance to beat him. And by the way, people believed that they were probably going to beat every time. Most of them. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So like, and this one's, You know, I'm sure is gonna be slightly similar. I, I a hundred percent agree with that. I think my only counter, and I think the only counter of like the sports community on that one is that generally when those people are building their resumes and, and like fighting those, those boxers that may not be like prime, no pun intended, athletes at, at, at that given time, they're generally not cover of Sports Illustrated making statements about being the greatest on the planet and being paid like hundreds of millions of dollars to do so.


Because I'm not, I'm not, I'm I'm not saying that that as, as any, it's a new world. He brings all of the attention. 'cause no one's ever done it before. That's, that's why you follow it For Sure. That's why you put him on the cover For Sure. And also He's paving the path for a new way I know that no one else could even try to do. And, and also, I don't know, I I guess too, like what I, I I thought The world had already gotten here, but like the idea that we're in a place where like anybody is like still doubting either of the brothers capabilities as like in any vertical Or work ethic. No, it's seriousness. It's just ridiculous, bro. It's, it's at this point, like you can't do that. I think it's just, It sometimes takes a little bit of time for the, for the shit talking that you do to promote the activity you're involved in to, to, sorry, vice versa for your output and your credibility and the space to catch up to the amount of shit that you talk on the front end of it to sell the show.


Does that make sense? So, so like both of them, you know, like he did it for WW two and it took a couple events, but within a couple events people were like, damn but's kind of all this makes sense. You know what I'm saying? Yep. And I think Jake is like there, but it just seems like there's a few people, there are a few holdouts that still wanna question it, I Guess. But noise is important for selling it. So who cares if they like you a you as long as they're making noise. For Sure. Exactly. That's Jake's whole premise. He could be the bad guy. Okay. Bring it on. And I think it's spur him. Mom. He's not Really bad guy. No, no he's not. But he, but he's portrayed that way. You know what John Cena said to me? What last night after my match? Well, earlier in the day because I just turned 30.


He said, you look older. And I said, well, you really are heel. And then later in the day after my match, he was walking by before he became the goat statistically as well as he's the goat. He pointed at me and he said, now that's how a bad guy works. And I was like, damn. Meaning referring to your match. A match. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think, I think that is what it, yeah. I was all sweaty. It was right after my match. He looked me in the eyes, he pointed at me. He said, now that's how a bad guy was. I would love for you to go deeper and ask him like, hey, and as you should, 'cause you should learn from him. One of the things I watched was, I think it was, it was Cody who was on one of the podcasts and he was like, I sat in the car with Sena.


I drove to the different cities to go with him. I listened to him on the calls. Yeah. Calling Vince saying, Hey, what were the numbers? How, okay, now we're gonna go over the match. Yeah. Like he really learned the business. Yep. And to this point, a making is, you should have really reached out to him. 'cause you do have a nice relationship. And further ask him, Hey, what do you mean by that? It was good. It was good because I, I don't know, it was, it was good until he threw me over the ropes of the rumble. It kind of, our relationship kind of fell apart after that. And I, I wasn't really, really fuck with him. So, but you guys are both yields now, so like, you're part of the same team? That's a good question. I don't know. It's, but he, we hadn't really spoken until he told me that I'm old and then he said, good job. Basically nice work. And I was like, wow. So why don't you just go and take that belt from him?


Oh, oh yeah. He's got the belt now. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. That's such a good idea. Why, why? And, and weird why? And weirdly enough he said, he said he is retiring at yo this day on the 31st of December. That So what does he do with the belt? Just interim Champ with him? Yeah. Inter. Yeah. What do, bro, that's a, that's a headline back. He's a, he also said, and I'm like so excited for tonight, which would've already aired. He said, wait until how I, I'm going to ruin wrestling tonight. Yeah. I didn't know what what he meant by that. He said, watch, that's all he said, I'm not gonna say anything more. 'cause people show up for this reason to watch and to see, but I'm going to ruin wrestling two tonight.


What Does that mean? What is he gonna do? Pull his dick out? No, it means, guess what the fuck is he gonna do, bro. But guess what, it's the best sell ever. Bring out Kanye. It's the best sell ever. I'm gonna ruin wrestling tonight and I'm not gonna tell you how. And everybody's like, what does that mean? I Got watch. Nobody knows what it means, but it's Provocative. But they're speaking what? Kanye, Kanye still going beyond. I just want it to be noted. Like, like how about this? Okay. We, we, we obviously don't love Kanye anymore. I don't even hate Kanye. I'm completely indifferent. Which is the worst of the three. I don't give a single. I'm The, I'm there too. And That's where like, like if you truly don't like someone just being indifferent, I don okay, go live your life.


I I don't I'm gonna ignore you. I'm gonna do me, like, I almost say it's, but I look at it and say it's sad. No, it's very sad. Sad. I feel terrible. Yeah. Yeah. For him it's, it's, it's, I don't go to that far, but I just, no, I sad until it became, until it became destructive. And, and then I was like, man, this is like, well it's Just, it's just another example of the, of like the cycle of just her people. Her people. You know, like this dude is like, you can trace a lot of this back to, and this is not an excuse 'cause somebody has to break the cycle, right? The cousin, no, you could trace a lot of it back to his mom, dude. Like, I mean, it's almost like a point in time for him, bro. Like, he, he's never been the same since his mom passed, bro. Of course not. She was like his biggest, his biggest, You know, supporter and cheerleader and, and it's almost like an, it's, it's almost like right around that time when things started to fall apart and then everything with Kim and it, there's no excuse.


There's really no excuse to become a, an SS Nazi. There's just not. But I mean, Nah. Really? Shit dude, I was having a fucking bad day, bro. I'm a Nazi now. Yeah, you really can't do that. No. There's really No way to become a Nazi Or go after your mother of your children. Tough, tough. Just a horrible example for your children. Let's just, just I'm done. I'm done with Bro. I lost 700,000 thousand on my house. Wait, wait, wait. What? You Sold it? Yeah. You lost 700 K. 700 Gs. Yeah. Oh, I didn't realize you took that big of a loss. Yeah. After realty fees and shit. Oh. Oh my gosh. How do you feel about that?


Gotta take the losses. I've thought about it. I've thought about it a million different ways. One of the ways I've thought about it is the main way that I have to think about it has to be, I went from where I was to a point where I could lose $700,000 and do a podcast about it. Like, so what can I really say? You know what I'm saying? Like that you're of you very lucky. Yes. Very lucky. Very blessed. Very, you know, then I also look at it from the angle of shit I had to make a million and a half just to get that 700 k. Like, you know what I'm saying? Oh God. 700 K in Cali's. Not 700 k had to make Oh God. A Million and a half. Just to get that. To lose it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, it's been a, it's been a rough road. And by the way, like nobody, you know, the story and rationale behind the sale is not public yet.


And it will be at some point. It's just not the time just yet. But it, it definitely like, You know, my mom went there and cried and it was a, it kind of was like a, a, a watershed moment in my life to be able to purchase a home and, and to be able to say that I did that after all that I've kind of seen and been through And, and like, it's weird 'cause the fanfare that exists when you buy a house, it ain't there when you sell it. No. It's just, it's just you man. It's me with a, with a, with a notary public signing. My, the, the document, all the furniture's gone. There's some scratches on the floor. The, the sunset that was there every day when I bought it. It's all clouds now. You know what I'm saying?


I mean, you're just, and by the way, like they take all your shit now. For me, it's all in storage. And I'm just nomadic bro. Like I have no home. Whoa. But you're safe. I mean, am I? Who knows? Who knows? Dude, I'm safe. 'cause Neil's here. Oops. That's my mean. Hey, why was No, yeah. Why was Steve Austin have such an a hard, why was Sach have a hard The Cans? Why was Steve Austin having such a hard time driving that? A TV dude, he, you know, he, he was having fun. He, he like, he was getting loose. He ran, he like got stuck on the ramp before he even got out into the ring. I didn't know that before, like before he went down the ramp. I didn't know that he was stuck on the side of the ramp. And then they backed him up.


They moved him out and then he went down the ramp and he's ripping it around this thing. And I, I said, I'm like, dude, he's going, I ride ATVs. I'm like, these guy's going fast. Sure enough, boom. Right into the barricade. And some lady, some lady, there's a, there's a mixed reaction about her reaction. Whether she like maybe got hit a little bit or like flopped. But Steve Austin ran into the barricade going, going way too hard. Like do you think he had drank beer before he got on that thing? Probably. No. But after he drank two more On stage? No, he drank more than Two. Oh, on, on, Well how much of that beer really goes in his mouth? 'cause he smashes it together.


It goes everywhere. 12 ounce. Can, Can I saw that. Can we do, is there seven? Are you just throwing up any numbers? Huh? Five. He said five, five ounces of the beer goes in his oh five ounces. Five of the 12. Five ounces from 12 ounces. So if he does five ounces of every 12 ounces times six cans, 30 ounces of beer, it's Probably five ounces. Like, to be honest, it probably is, bro, we offered Steve a million dollars to be in the prime bottle. He didn't do it. So instead he fucking ran an a ran a poor woman over with an attv. Oh, he's got, he's not, he's not the guy. I don't care what number it is. He's not getting in that bottle. Ever, ever, ever, ever. That's why ever we offered him a million. We were like, bro, ever, ever do you wanna get in this bottle? Dude, the w I don't think he considered it for sex.


He, WWE universe would kill him. Kill him, kill him. I know. But it would be, it would be, imagine it. He face revealed the prime bottle. It's fucking stone cold. There's also stone cold WrestleMania. He could have done what he wanted. Yeah. He could've done. I he could've, he could've done anything. He could've done anything. Which is why I think it would've worked ultimately. And maybe one year. But I'm just saying bro, like That's so much money. It's, yeah. Like imagine you gave a for doing nothing. You gave him a million and a half and he and he got up with the prime bottle, smashed them together, drank the two prime bottles that was creative that you paid her a million and a half. He paid 53% tax on it and lost all of it on a house. Here I'm gonna give it to you, Michael. It's exact amount. How old's Steve Austin now? Roughly 52.


No, imagine Logan Paul at 52, 58. And here comes the influencer who has a brand and says, Hey Mr. Paul, I'm gonna put you in this costume and parade you around the W universe for $10 million. What is Logan Paul saying? Maybe you're saying absolutely not, bro. It's about the moment. It's Unless you lost all your money, Logan, you are not. No. If I called you on that, you'd fire me. No, no. It depends how serious. It depends how serious you take yourself. Stone Cold strikes me as a guy who takes himself pretty seriously. It's stone cold, bro. He says so or something. He, it's, it's the bottom line. 'cause he said so. Yes. Something's at the bottom. He's Saying something.


He's saying something. Weren't we supposed to do a show with him ages ago? Ages. Ages. Age. Ages. Ages, ages. I've been, I've been trying. Well, we need to do that show and he needs to be in the prime outfit for it. So I don't really give a shit. What, Wait, so Cody Rhodes finished his story and now what? His story's over and John Cena is the new Champ? Yes. Okay, so Cody probably tries to get it back. Cody tries to get it back. But what about Roman rains? What about Paul? By the, Paul is probably one of the best in the business right now, but next to me, of course. What about Seth Rollins and Seth Rollins. What? Eth Roman. Double. Double. Paul Hayman. Paul Hayman. What a guy. Dude. Justin Sicko. Just everyone, bro.


He punched Roman in the nuts and then twisted the knife, watched the footage back. Boom. Nut shot from behind. A double back stab. He was also on McAfee this morning talking about it. And then does this with his arm. You see him twisting his arm around Roman cross-eyed falls to the ground. I couldn't believe my eyes, dude. Suppo supposedly also, what's his name? Kill Tony had a roast and Paul came on and basically destroyed everybody like crushed. And he said the only reason I did it was because I could go on there and beat all of them at their jobs. Oh my God. But I wouldn't go on a podcast and try to take it over 'cause I can't do that Pat.


But I, I knew that if I went on that stage, I took it over supposedly. I gotta watch it. 'cause Paul, he's a god on the mic. He's Paul Haman's a god on the mic. He Took over our, he did take over our podcast. Yeah. He de crushed it. That episode did numbers. Yeah. Paul Haman's actually a certified go go of. Yeah. Oh, he's a hundred percent shepherd. Yeah. Yeah. He walks in and he says, he tells everybody my name is Paul. What is he? My name is Paul Hayman. They love it. No, but great marketing. We'll never forget it. But now, but now what? Now what? He said watch on raw. Well he, he, he said he'll be there tonight. He's just stabbing everyone in the back. Yeah. What is he gonna do now? Everyone could stab Rollins in the back. Him and Seth.


No. Could stab him in the back maybe, bro. How many backs can you stab? I would, I would say he actually is the greatest in the org. But really quickly, I was, well when I was walking to the seats yesterday backstage, a woman who calls herself, the man walked past me and she's unfortunately the greatest thing in the wrestling in wwe. Becky Lynch. I love Becky Lynch. She So much. She's back. She's great. I love her so much. She's great. She said, Fuck, I can't, I don't wanna fuck it up. No. Mike's so good to see you. Remember we had the conversation about the book and the show? The show the book came out last year. I really, that might be Scottish. No. That she's not. Thanks for the conversation on the book. It came out and it was a real important moment for me.


Oh. It was an important moment for me and my family to put the book out and it came out and it, that's that. Pretty good, right? That's pretty Good. The, we always talk about the booze and the hate and the heels. Yeah. Man. Watching her come out and the crowd go, man, they love her. Yeah, they Love Becky. I love that. She's, man, she's great. She looked great. I thought She looked great. Loved her wear. Wait, what? Sorry, what was the absence due to? Again? Shoulder. I don't know. Didn't she get hurt? It hurt any shoulder. It was also cute. She brought her daughter on the oh press conference. Oh. It was really cute. You give a 12 second update on daughter. What's Going on with your daughter? Okay. With my daughter's motherhood Motherhood's going amazing. My daughter is now jumping in the, in the, what's it called? The jump? Jolly jumper.


Jolly jumper, Jolly jump. She went, she went from not knowing how to jump and now she bends her knees and now she's jumping in her arms, in her arms. She, first she didn't know, like, and she gets so excited and she, she doesn't know how to daughter, how to do the, so she like tenses up and she goes, see, my daughter was like, ah. They just, it's like this freedom, most primitive instinct. Just happy. And she's happy. The right foot stomp. Yeah. Such, such a happy baby. Loves, loves to stomps and is now eating bone marrow, which makes me a very proud dad. She loves bone marrow. It's very good for her. And avocados and, no, she doesn't, no mom no more. No, because she found things, she likes more. Oh, like strawberry and bone marrow. Oh, I can't, being a father is the most rewarding experience in The world.


We're so excited to go back home and hang out with our, our baby, who is just a, an angel on earth. And I thank God every day that he has blessed me with such a beautiful daughter. I should have gone to church. I love you. I probably should have gone to church. I was preparing for, for my match. God, if you can please forgive me for not going to church on Easter. And also you can make up for all my other sins as well. You can make up for it by going on George KO's podcast. He Really does want That is a no no. That's a conversation. He, I think he, I think he may be coming to Puerto Rico to do a pod with me and Jake. For Jake. No, no. He, I think he wanted to do it with both of us. For him On Jakes on Georgia's Show. Yeah. I think you should. I think you should. I think you should do a solo, bro.


Jake, that's, that's, that's It was his idea. I just, I'm a passion here. No, you should Do, you should do a solo. I I I like the idea of the three of you doing it, but bro, you guys could have a real heart to heart about a lot of stuff, You know what I'm Saying? And then maybe Jake could come in like they start Yeah. Or he just does two episodes. One with Jake and talk. Yeah. I like, I like one on one. I mean, bro, you guys could cover a lot of ground. I'm, I'm proud of him, dude. He's, he's done, he's done good things. And, and, and also like, truthfully, like seeing the number of younger people, 16, 17, 18 that are in church right now. It's, there's a real movement going on. And, and I was talking to Pat, to the pastor Jabon about it too, like 20 years ago there was a massive atheist movement.


Yeah. Like in the early two thousands, everybody was running away from God. And it's, it's the pendulum's wild. Like it's wild to see everybody coming back now in this like conservative mo, You know, movement. Let me mention an analogy that I've heard recently more than once. It is my favorite analogy in the entire world. So sick. I'm not gonna say it 'cause I'm gonna fucking butcher it, but there is an analogy about two babies in the womb that is analogous to one's belief in God, something greater after death. It's type in babies in the womb delivery analogy. If you want to be inspired, Josh Schneider, as an actor, delivers it.


Or, or if you're someone who is like on the fence about God and life after death. It Is, it is so amazing. I'm not gonna butcher it here. I'm gonna memorize it though. So one day I can say it properly, but have you seen it? Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm not even gonna try, but please look it up. But with the amount of value that you've placed in it by way of your tone and the delivery of what you just said, I, I will look into it to be honest. I actually will look into it after this Program. It's the most, it's the greatest analogy I've ever heard in my life. It's, it's basically, I don't wanna do it until I get it right. Can't we ask? Yeah, why don't, why don't we just, why don't we just play it. Play it.


John, John Schneider. Yeah, John. Okay, John, we gotta wrap. Okay. Okay. Schneider baby, in the womb analogy. Are you sure Don Schneider did this? Yeah. John Schneider. It might be on his TikTok though. Oh, here. It's no, pretty sure it's a long Oh, oh, oh. Here, here. This guy, this guy, this guy. Do you have the clip? So one of my favorite stories small is in a mother's womb with two babies and one turns to the other and says, do you believe in life after delivery? And the other replies, but of course there has to be something after delivery. Maybe we're here to prepare ourselves for what will be later nonsense at the first.


There's no life after delivery. What kind of life would that be? I don't know. Said the second. But there'll be more light than here. Maybe we'll walk with our legs and eat with our mouths. Maybe we'll have other senses we can't understand now. First goes, that's ridiculous. Walking is impossible. And eating with our mouths. That's absurd. The umbilical cord is what scientifically supplies nutrition and all that we need, but it's far too short. Life after delivery is to be logically excluded. And the second says, what if it's just different than it is here? Maybe we don't need that physical cord anymore. The first goes, okay, if there were life after delivery, then tell me why.


Has no one ever come back from there? Delivery is the end of life. And in the after delivery is nothing but darkness and silence and oblivion. It takes us nowhere. And the second says, but certainly we'll meet mother and she'll take care of us. The first goes, mother, you actually believe in mother. If mother exists, where is she now? And the second goes, she's all around us. We are of her. It is in her that we live. Without her, this world would not and could not exist. And the first says, I don't see her. It's only logical that she's not here. To which the second replied. Sometimes when you're in silence and you really listen, you can perceive her presence.


You can hear her loving voice calling down from above. Isn't that dope? That was so good. I love That. That was actually awesome. I loved it. It makes so much sense to me. Yes. Yes. Wow. I gotta get outta here. I Got, I gotta get back to my daughter. I do too. Let's go, let's get back to our daughters. Let's go see your daughter. Oh, you're coming. I know. Come see your granddaughter. Alright guys. Mike, I love you, bro. Love you too, bro. I love you. Seriously. Thanks for coming this weekend and supporting. Lemme know if you wanna set up any more dinners. No, I'm, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Sign off. I'm choking. Yo. Thank you guys so much for viewing, watching and subscribing. We'll see you guys next week. Peace.