
We got nickname CNA in the house. Logan's fighting his brother. That's happening. Hold on. Chapter Episode one of Paul American. Yep. Okay. I'm on your side. I Don't even know how I Got eliminated from the rumble. All of a sudden this force hits me in the chest. I go flying backwards over the rope and then I look up, I don't even see anything. We did not rake Theo's chair. Everyone told you that chair was sinking five inches before you sat in it. Everyone said that's gonna fall in the inauguration. It happened. Does speed have like a severe concussion? Yeah. And the craziest part is I told him exactly how to take the spear and he just didn't listen to me. What was the disconnect with you and God? Hey, That your first podcast. Wow, that was amazing.


I watched back that footage of Connor talking to us. You can see me and Jake like belly Laughing. Yeah, but I don't get what you're saying because he'll still work here. He's not working anything. 'cause he's not working. He's not doing anything I wonder. Except drugs.


No one has the bigger PRIME Energy. The 16 ounces the only One I drank. I drag them on the buses. It was awesome. Yeah, no, it's delicious bro. But I know, I know. But the props, no, you took our bro, because it's not prop. It's just I would like to show the product coffee Won't work. If we had it, I would drink. No, I'd like to show the, the product just because like dog here, we are innovating, we're bringing like actual value to an archaic industry Monster. Red Bull PRIME Energy comes in 18 plus by the way. But think about it, 15 calories. It tastes great. Zero sugar. What are we talking about here? We added four more fluid ounces for free. And, and we don't have the new product, bro. What's good? We can super compose ai. Just to add. Oh bro. Its Like, it's already been chaotic enough couple weeks going on here in January. January's been crazy. Now we got only the slim cans.


How do you deal with such? Crush An Aptitude, bro. Zy relax dog. G seven Dog. Ah, ZY. Fozzy Fozzy knows exactly what he's doing bro. That guy, that guy has more ups and downs than a fucking rollercoaster Cedar ho. He's, he said he iss got a festival coming up with Drake performing on that. He's been saying over you. He said it's coming back Dude. Alright, first things first. Welcome back to Impulsive. Wow. The number one podcast in The world. That's a fact.


PRIME Energy. Yeah. We got a new can. We don't have it here 'cause you didn't do your Job. But it's fantastic. PRIME Energy. 18 plus we got, we got a reality show. Paul American. You've seen it March 27th. This Is how you're doing it. You're just gonna do it like a read off, like a real bio bro. Just plugging first. I'm just plugging first we got Nick Naer CNA in the house.


Nick, Nick, am I Coming on? Well, hold on. Yeah. Come on. Wait, hold on. I'll tell him. Come on. Okay. This is what we do first. Alright. No, no. Go back off. Okay. Get outta Here. Sorry about that. Alright. Try the other side of the couch just for camera angles. Yeah, we'll See. Can you, can you, can you face that try facing that way? Okay. Yeah. Lemme just work. That's, I like that. That's good. That's no, no. You don't. Fine face, just face that way. Yeah, Yeah. No, no, no. The edge of the Just sit The fuck down And get the mic on. Dude. Is what's up. Welcome to a fucking hybrid boys only nickname. Scene episode. Thank you. This is, This, this could have, oh yeah. Do you wanna say something? Sorry. Now I Got nothing to say. It's an honor to be here. I might not talk this episode. I might just be here and you guys are gonna No, you're talking.


Do your thing and I'll just be like, what the Fuck's happening? You should, yeah, you should Talk. Okay. I'll try. You should say things, bro. Okay. I'm gonna be here. Why Are you wearing the prime chain Last night, bro? Dude, last night was amazing. Let's talk about it. That was crazy, Dude. You took me to a frat Party that was in that I, I didn't even expect. Like, I knew it was gonna be amazing, but I didn't know it was gonna be like that. Dude, it Was cool. We had, we had a couple moments, Nick. We had moments. You and I, dude, I was looking back. We're jumping up and down, jumping up down. We, bro, you, you got a, you got an ability. Really think so? Yes sir. Maybe serious. I Swear to God you're not just saying That. I swear to God told, I told him in the car. Told I said, I said, I said, dude, Nick, Nick can like perform in front of a crowd dog. You are working him.


You were up there cutting promos, My guy. And then he'll get up this shit and then he'll get off. He's doing the shit. Yeah. And then he'll get off stage and get deep. Like he can, he can he can do both. Yeah. He can, he can like thread that emotional angle with the actual like, Charming. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey. Where's the photo? Yeah. Where's the photo? Photo? I brought it, I, I made a point. You really, I made a point to bring It. That really means lock that dude. My drunk ass hopped in this car at, you know, 4:00 AM coming back from Purdue Kappa s frat party. And I'm, I'm like, don't, don't even know how I Got this. But I but I made a point. I made a point. 'cause you you gave it to me, right? Yes. Yeah, I gave It to you. This is me and you. Dude, I'm telling you, this was in like an archived in Oh, my old Instagram.


I had to go deep and I was texting my, my college roommate at the time. We, we snuck into this Maxim Halloween party in 2016. And should I, should I tell you what happened? If I remember the whole thing? I'm sorry. See? Yeah. Yeah. It's my first time in la like I'm like, this is where I wanna be is mom, my dreams, blah, blah, blah. And I go to the bathroom, I'm peeing in one to all my buddies, peeing in the other. And then you come in the middle and you're peeing him and I take a step back. No way. Yeah. And then, and then we're like, and then we're like, we can't ask him to take a picture in the bathroom and then respect. Yeah. No. 'cause some people do. Yeah. I didn't wanna do it and I was too scared and I wasn't even gonna say anything. And then my boy Adam, he's like, bro, you gotta, and you outside. I was like, Is it cool if I get a picture?


And you were like, yes. Hell Yeah. And then that happened. Dude, That's CR dude. I love that. And you Guys recreated it last. I love That. That was the only person I've ever asked to. Is that true? You said that. Is That true? Yes, that's true. I've never asked to take a picture with anyone. Crazy. Well, you made that, you made that clear, clear to me since we started talking about this op you know, maybe four months ago or something like that. How much you wanted to do this video. Yeah. The context of, of how, You know, you've been inspired to, to take this journey and to watch it actually come to fruition and have you sitting here with the prime chain and my palm tree crew hat on is fucking pretty, pretty wild right now, Dude. It's insane. And I don't even think I've processed this to be honest with you guys. Like, I haven't got back last night. I'm texting my mom, my boy Jason, who's my filmer. He is like, I know that.


You don't even realize what's going on, Dude. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. I don Go. It, We, I don't think anyone really knows going And you got flowers too, dog. Yeah. Like, like he was really spitting about you on the ride home. I'm not even playing. Really? What, What were you saying? Dude? I just think, I think you got a little something. I don't, I don't know what it is yet, but like, you got a little something Dude, I Appreciate that. I think I'm still figuring it out. You, you're, here's here's, here's what I, what I've noticed. Okay. I, I Got a, I Got decent read on like a first impression of people usually. Okay. Sometimes that's actually not true. So this could all be completely wrong. But you appear very charming. You are charismatic, you're grounded.


Witty. Like you can roll with the punches. Kiss, kiss, Kiss, kiss. I was saying that. I'm Like, Andrew, bro, you're a good looking ass dude. Kiss. Good looking as kiss. Good looking as kiss. We make kiss, kiss. I dunno, I've been debating it. Nah, bro, you, you got a little something and, and, and, and I, I, I said this yesterday, but I, I'm, I'm, I've been doing this for so long at this point. And I knew, like, I knew, I knew at some point someone was gonna come Up to me who had, who had talent, looked at my journey and found inspiration from it. And then made a, a life and career for themselves and, and pursued their goals because of something I did.


And like, and like really was just doing it. And you're the, you're the first person I think that that like, I I I, I'm able to recognize and be like, oh, this is like, damn, this is, you're, you're the first guy to do it. And it's cool. 'cause I, I'm an influencer, a long time influencer and the key word is influence. To have influence and really see how palpable it is and, and watch someone like, do things because of influence is like an influencer's fucking dream dude. So keep it up, Bro. I, first of all, it means The world to me. This is, it's insane. It's, it's crazy to hear that because I feel like every week I'm going and I'm like, I'm stressed.


Like, it's stressful. It sucks. Yeah, I know. And I'm, I'm in, I'm like, oh, we gotta do this, this, I'm this, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you do it. And I'm like, dude, this dude's like a marketing genius out there. And and no matter what happens to you, you just keep coming back. And I'm like, dude, this is insane. I wrote a, I wrote a lyric in my Antonio LeBron disc track, which by the way came to fruition. Wait, is this out? No. Yeah, yeah. It was years ago. I Oh, oh yeah. It was, it was years ago. Antonio Brown dis track. It was called going broke. He filed for bankruptcy pretty recently. So called that, sorry. Ab B. Sorry, B. We Hey, we love you. What do you mean? CS pn. I, Abby. He's the hot, he's the hottest thing on Twitter. He decides who the cracker the day is. Shit Still broke. No, he does shit.


Still Broke. Yeah. Yeah. It's, anyways, anyway. No, I, I, I love, love ab. He's, he's sick and he's very funny on Twitter. And it, it would be an honor to be the cracker of the day someday. I don't Think he's gonna give It to you. Maybe after this. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Maybe The lyric. The lyric. The lyric was, yeah, I took an L but I never really lose. And it's the true, it's the truest, it's the truest poetry written word I've ever spoken, written, wrote, written, right. Said verbally out loud, on pen, on paper. So the ability to turn Ls into Ws and learn like as you're going is, it's a good thing. It's a good thing to have.


Especially in, in, in our industry, bro. You're gonna get, you're gonna get fucking hit in the face. Oh, you're gonna get hit in the face. Alright. Like, Yeah. Are y'all gonna make out or not? Because hate, I hate hate. Yeah. That was amazing, dude. Honestly, I just wanna say it's an honor to be here. And I will, the last thing I wanna say, and then we can get to whatever you're, I'm sorry, is dude, this is like, I've really told my whole family and my friends, this is my dream podcast. And I get so nervous with podcasts. Like I'm really not like the podcast guy, but like, this is my dream podcast. But you're not nervous right Now. I'm a little nervous. We You should. I'm sweating. I'm nervous. Lemme Lemme tell you something. If you're like the last 470 guests, when you sit in that chair and you don't feel comfortable sitting across from us, we are the easiest and most We're Hanging out.


Hang. I actually feel really good. Get comfortable, very Confident. But it's, here's what I would recommend for you. You see us slouch down a little. Kick your feet up. Pretend you're, pretend you're hanging out with your homies, bro. You know what I'm saying? Here's the deal, bro. You're on the show. You did the show last night. Logan's been blowing you metaphorically for the past six hours. Thank you. But you're in the shits now because we have major fucking drums. Oh yeah. You bro, you have no idea sitting on shit. Show idea. Okay. Okay. I'm here for it. McGregor's off the fucking rails. Logan's fighting his brother Logan knock the, that's Happening. Hold on, On the chapter Episode one of Paul American. Yep. His on HBO Max March 27th.


Reality Show. No, we Actually, we actually have a, we have a crazy fight. He, like, we, This is actually, it's not just to market the show and these are fighting. Well It wasn't a physical fight. It wasn't marketing. Yeah, it was we marketing. Okay. Let's No, but no, but we're still fighting verbally. Okay. I'm on your side. I fuck him. I took the, I took the other side just from a record standpoint. So, so, alright, so do you want We have the same amount of losses. We both lost the same amount of time, so Yeah. But I feel like his fighters are a little more, Little more what? Credible, more credible than Floyd made wither. It's just different weight classes, dude. I mean, come on. I'm just, I'm just curious what you're saying.


Well, Mike Tyson, I thought Floyd was great. I'm just kidding. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. And Jake doesn't have, Jake doesn't have 16 losses. Is that, how many are you ing lot of topics today. One, one dude. Lot of topics. One. One. Logan knocked the ovo out of his chair. Hitler making a, oh, I saw that. Hitler's making a comeback on Twitter. Dude, it's so crazy to see that. Sorry, I don't wanna cut you off. It's so crazy to see that stuff. I'm like, are they fucking around or is this serious? Was he actually mad? Are you mad? Like, I was mad that he thought I did it. 'cause as soon as it happened. As soon for, okay. Jake and I a are shooting a reality television show, which means we shoot everything Yeah. Beyond the vlogs. So I happen to be filming when Theo's chair collapsed.


That is amazing. Wait, well context. Steve, where are you? Everyone? Where Are you? We're at Donald Trump's presidential inauguration. Hold on. Jake's calling him right now. Oh yo. We're on a podcast. Hey, How are you? Who's the guest? It's Nick Naer Cena. He's the, he took me to a frat party last night. Jake, what's up baby Bro? Nick's a great guy. Yeah. Thank you Jake. Yeah, dude. How did you do a keg stand? No, dude. It was, it was, we couldn't do anything. Yeah, we couldn't do anything. Jake. It was so packed. It was packed and a little rabid. Like, like there was fights. So much energy. Like I was just telling him about the, about the Theo v Chair, chair debacle. Incident incident. Yeah. Man, it's, it's pretty wild.


But Theo theo rightfully apologized. Well, We haven't, yeah. Yeah, we haven't gotten yet. We're about to dive in. Do you have anything? Do you have anything crazy you wanna say? Like a clip that We can clip? Like do do you want to talk about UFC people? Wait, when Yeah. When are you announcing your next, your, your, like the fight Like in abruptly? Oh my god. God. Who's He fighting? Oh my god. It's the cra We can't say it. It's the craziest thing of all time. The craziest thing of all time. Yeah. Jayden's insane. Oh Man. Alright. Well Bigger than Tyson. Do you have anything else you want? Talk about? Wow, Did bro, does speed have like a severe concussion?


Man, he really got messed up, Jake. He, dude What? It's crazy. Yeah. And the craziest part is I told him exactly how to take the spear and he just didn't listen to me. That was a Did you Bang the back of your head too? I Saw. No, no. I'm, I'm, I'm fine. I'm fine. Not tonight or last night. Yeah, it was all good. But I'm, I'm coming back to, I'm coming back to PR in a couple days. I Got, I Got Monday night raw in Cleveland actually. And then, and then I'll be back. Raw is the law. Yep. Yep. That's what the, yeah. Thanks Jake. All right. Alright. Jake Paul, ladies love you. Jake. We love you on the podcast. Yeah. Love you Jake. Love you Jake. Alright, love you Guys.


Bye. Bye. Bye.


Winters upon us, but the concerts are still hot. So it's time to see your favorite artists to go to the biggest events. That's why I gotta tell you about a special hookup from today's sponsor. You guessed at SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. There are many artists touring right now, including Post Malone, Charlie X, CX, Kendrick, Billy Eilish. SeatGeek has got you covered for all of them. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. 'cause green means good, red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. So no matter how many times you bought tickets you used to SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. Take out your phone for me. Open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it right now. 'cause his offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out to C Geek. Now back to the show.


Yo guys, Wait I more context To this pump, pump, pump the fucking brakes I need. I can both of you guys take a deep breath. I'm taking a deep breath. I feel good right Now. I have my legs kicked up before you made theo fa fall out of the chair. Stop it. Listen, before you made Theo von fall out of the chair, where were you? How did it go? What happened? I was with my brother Jake Paul and my mom Pam and Conor McGregor. Kyle Forge. Alexander, Why do you say his name like that? What's his name? Chard. He put like a strange e flush. Yeah. Oh, because he's French Canadian. That's really good. Is he?


Yeah. I mean, he's Canadian. Nah, continue on French. Yeah. Just with a group of people. Theo VN was there. Johnny Shahidi, like, like, and, and again, McGregor like, it was just a just a just a hodgepodge of, of people at this inauguration. And they stuck US ON a bus together, like some sort of fucking high school field trip. And, and, and we were told McGregor was gonna pull up. Like moments be they're like, Just So You know, McGregor's on the same bus and It's, and and it's what time in the morning? 7:00 AM Dude. 7:00 AM Me and Jake are looking at each other. We're like, what dude? What are you thinking? Like this is a horrible idea. Yeah. And, and we all came to the conclusion that there's a, there's a bigger mission at play here.


Donald Trump's inauguration. Let's, let's behave as best as we can. Yeah. Unify. Unify. And for just for today, we're gonna sign as much of a peace treaty as we can. And you know, McGregor, he was very respectful, very, I mean, cracked Out. The guy's got issues, Dude. Yeah. What, what's going on? Issues. He handled everything really well. He Like, he was chill. No, no. He's Oh, he wasn't? No, he's so entertaining. But like how he just has so Much energy At 7:30 AM the V said he got a zen lodged in his brain. He's he's permanently wired. Yeah. How did he get like that at that time? I was, he was he fucking hitting some snow? No, that's, no. He looked sober at that time.


Which, which he confused all of us. Use his nexus to me. Use his nexus. Use his side jobs. Yeah. He called Me. Dude, that was crazy, Dude. I'll say I watched back that footage of Connor talking shit to us. He said, he said he's going like, slap me Jake and KSI and then you can see me and Jake like belly laugh. Like we're, we're fully laughing at what used to be like one of the scariest, like baddest men on the planet. And, and, and as a person who was like, used to be a big fan of Conne McGregor, like back in the day, you know, he pioneered the crossover, boxing, all that stuff. I watched it back and I literal, I, I actually felt sad.


I was like, dude, this is a statement that at one point would've like, actually like, made us feel fear. And now two YouTubers are laughing at this washed up, cracked out fighter who's unhinged. And there's no truth in what He's saying. Yeah, but I don't get what you're saying because he'll still work your ass, Bro. Is this a fight that could happen? You're actually, no, Ain't a street setting. He'll work your ass, Bro. Stop Mike. He's not working anything. 'cause he's not working. He's not doing anything I wonder. Except drugs. He's just not I'm so, I'm sorry. Like, dude, I mean, dude, You Yeah. Two YouTubers like laughed in this face, like used to be one of the baddest men on the Planet. Well, I said you guys were, I feel like it was somewhat playful. No, No, I saw That Was insane.


I saw The tension. It was like On the bus. Yes. Oh, I thought it looks, from my point of view, it looked like you guys were getting along. I'm like, yeah, you could sense the tension. I told him 'cause we reviewed it. He had a longer version of it. I saw all thing. Were you, were you pissed when he was with your mom and everything? Mm. Or Like, Is that just funny? No, we, we told him to sit next to him. Oh, okay. Okay. We thought, we thought it'd be funny. Okay. Because it Looked like you guys were all hanging out, chilling him. Like, no. So, so that's the thing. Like we're, we're all like fun guys and we all signed the peace treaty. But, but afterwards, and there's a longer version of it. We didn't, we didn't post the whole thing, but it was like, it was constantly simmering between us. And, and at a few points it got to like a boiling point.


And, and Jake and I knew anyway, that if one of us said one comment that was over the line, it would've, it would've been fucked. Actually fucked. And nobody wanted to be that person at the inauguration to get into a fight and like, embarrass yourself and make a bad look for your country. I believe it would've fit in perfectly with the current scenario. Okay. I think that would've fit perfectly. Theo Vaughn falling off the chair, you and Connor punching each other. Tariffs, trade wars, plane crashes. It would've fit in the return of Hitler. Hitler's having a huge comeback on Twitter right Now. I think it would've fit in perfectly chaos. On that note, he did call you guys mixers.


He used the word knickers. Not too long after that, he made a tweet where he used a word that was very similar to Nicker. Could be tweet, be, I can't, we wanted to bring in someone who could say this. Even I even would've settled for like a sneaker who would say it. But this tweet is unhinged. Yeah. This is the most insane tweet I've ever seen in my entire life. Dude. Like 15 minutes. I done Dale. 15 seconds. Was that pretty? That was decent, right? It's, It's crazy. 'cause that that, that tweet about Khabib's wife, he deleted it in 15 minutes. Yeah, It got grabbed. That's 20 minutes too Long. Yeah. But still, then he quote tweeted it now and just like tripled down on this thing. It's in, it's insane. It's the fall from Grace of Conor McGregor is really sad.


Which is which, Is that what you would call, is that what you would call it? Is it is, is there a chance He's the ultimate badass. He's gotta play a character for 10 years to make Up, to make hundreds of millions of dollars. Now he just went back to who he was before this all started. Does that make sense? Is it a fall from Grace or was it a momentary ra rise from chaos? I agree. Does That make sense? I I kind of agree with this because, bro, This motherfucker's a street ass Irish motherfucker probably to the, probably had to play the game. I'm sorry. Who probably had to play the game for a certain number of years. I'm I do. It is. I'm gonna Teach you a thing about fucking podcast etiquette. Sorry I not cut you off. I'm so sorry. I'm not gonna say another word. It's your fucking shot.


I won't say a fucking word. It's your fucking shot. I'm, I'm just gonna You're a you're a side job. No, This is a bro podcast. It's not about me. He's just chilling. My bad. I think you're right. I think you're right. Hi. His nickname is literally the notorious bro. Come on. And it's always been that you Could take the dog outta the cage, but you can't take, put the cage out in the Cage wolf in the back of The truck truck. The kids cage isn't gonna fit in the back of the truck. To your point, to your point. Ah, y fuck, Connor, you're a crazy one, aren't you? You're fucking crazy, aren't you? Theo v the OV impersonation of meeting Connor McGregor. He said he was the no. Notre Dame. Notre Dame guy. Notre Dame Guy. Another their name guy. Little l forgot. That's so funny. I did not, I did not, we did not break Theo's chair.


And I told him that after he fell and I Got it on camera. He's like, did you guys do that on purpose? I was like, no. F first off, how the fuck would we even do that? What is this like Prank? Would you have a fucking Allen wrench with you? Well, no. No. As soon, by the way, by the way, it's good idea If you did though. Great content. We we, but I do believe you. It didn't. No, he didn't. And by the way, we walked through this whole thing. We, I, I, I'm in la I didn't go. I, we walked through this whole thing. He start theo tweets about it. And I'm telling him, he's hitting me up. Like, yo, what, what's going on here? I go, what? The dude's a comedian? He's clearly joking around. I'm telling him left and right. And he's like, well, I mean, Logan's at a point where he's kind of sick of people calling his character into question.


Like he's just at that point, bro. Especially people that he highly respects and loves. Like the, we love Him. Especially we love him. Especially when they're fucking lying. Well, hold on. Well hold on. Well hold on. That's what I'm trying to touch on right now. Because when you were, you were fired up from the start. As soon as he tweeted you were fired up. And he Said, 'cause because You know, Mike, because I knew he wasn't joking. It was not a joke. So I didn't, and I talked on his team and his team of shirt, dude, he's a comedian. He's joking around. Then another tweet, he tweeted something playful. Theo retweets it again. And it, and it almost doubles down. I'm like, wow. Is there a chance that he's actually not joking? He thinks that they, that they took his chair apart with a MacGyver style Allen wrench. They snuck into the inauguration. I thought This was all a big play to be on wwe.


Everyone did that, thought that was what it was gonna be. Well then, Well then you saw his response to scripted and fix. So I'm like, okay, well what the shit, dude, we gotta, we gotta try to fix this situation. You and you tried reaching out to him That, that that was the issue when I saw that. He like, I was like, does he think this is real? I texted him, FaceTimed Him. He didn't hit you back. Ignored Me. And so I'm like, oh, I just Said he was busy. I always had deals back on. Not, You know what, You know what dude? He called me the next day. Yeah, yeah. Okay. And we talked about it and I told him, I was like, bro, here's how we feel. I told you real time that it was just a crazy coincidence. And granted, I see the perspective. Jake and I are like kind of fucking punk sometimes.


Like, it doesn't seem like crazy outta line to think that like, that's something we in some weird world could have contrived in this particular circumstance. We just didn't. But, but, but I told Theo, I was like, bro, like I'd, I'd really appreciate it if you remove the tweets and like an apology. 'cause you went from, they did it, which is a lie. And I have receipts. Everyone told you that chair was sinking five inches before you sat in it. Everyone said, that's gonna fall in the inauguration. Alright. Don't do it. It was so funny. And it did. It happened. And also the, the, the, the, the worst part that really upset Jake was then he accused us of rigging fights and, and, and, and that narrative shitty for Jake anyway, because like, bro, fuck off. That's, it's just so illegal.


I thought he Was not even, I thought he was fight. I thought he was talking about WI thought he was talking about wwe. But even that is like a shot. Chill, chill. No, but it's, it's just, I tried, the reason I was trying to explain it all to you is, 'cause I know Theo at least well enough, like I know him. We've spent time together. He's just, he does things a little bit differently than everybody else. He is not, he's, He's great. I told him, bro, I love you. I think he and I love him. I think he has like a, I think he has a, a bit of like a, I don't know, I wouldn't call it like a paranoia, but he, the idea of being like the butt of a joke in front of a lot of people. Which by the way, like, I fair, I can, I can resonate with like, I Got that Maybe both sides were a misunderstanding. A hundred percent. Like he didn't wanna be the butt joke. You don't want to be spelled out.


And, and, and You know what? I love him even more now. And he gained a ton of respect for me, for, for calling me and handling it like a man. 'cause like, man, in today's day and age, like it could've just gone, it like this wouldn't have been the first, and it won't be the last internet war that I would've gotten into. And like, we're warring with Theo sucks The worst we, we would've lost. And you Guys seen, you two would be best friends, to be honest with you. No, we've, I mean, bro Day Together, bro. It was, it was a five, You know, that was also, I was like, bro, What don't even that I stood up for him. Some fan was annoying him, some fan was annoying him afterwards. And, and like, and some Athe was like, I told you to back up. And then I stepped in. I was like, I was like, bro, get the fuck outta here. I know you're type. I can see it in your eye. He's asking you to leave him alone. You need like, I, I was like about to throw hands.


Is he Trying to get a rise out of him? No. He is a weird fan. Oh, okay. Okay. Like, and I would've fought on behalf of Theo. And that happened too. And I was like, man, I just want us to be friends. And we are Now, I think for, I think for anybody watching it too, that's like, that's like why, why even them talking about it at ad nauseum at length on the show, it seems too much. But, but honestly, like I, I see your side on it is like, where am I gonna draw the line? Like how long am I gonna get the shit kicked? Because by the way, he makes a tweet about it. Like the Paul Brothers took my chair apart. It goes meteoric, bonkers. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of likes, millions of impressions. You quote tweet a response. It gets like, not the same level of oppressions.


He does it again, it goes bonkers again. And then he makes an apology. It gets nothing. Yeah. So it, so like, I understand like that that desire to wanna like put, put things straight and if it takes the conversation on a show or whatever, whatever, sometimes it takes it. MMA continues to be in the zeitgeist of controversy. Not just with Connor, bro, Put some energy into this. You're reading the headline, like, like give it some Ooms No, it's a podcast. But, but Bryce Mitchell just, I don't even know how to how to start this. The, the, the, the, the, the line. If you take, if you simply take the, the individual quote of before he started smoking meth, Hitler seemed like a cool guy to just go fish wave is potentially, I've been on the internet a long time.


One of the most insane statements I've ever heard in my entire life before he started smoking meth. Halo seemed like the kind of guy you just go fish wave. Like listen to the, the, the arc of that statement. It Is it insane and mirrors an ongoing narrative that is starting to gain, You know, steam on acts and other shitholes. That that that there's been some level of misrepresentation of the biggest atrocity in the history of mankind. Shout out Dana White for immediately Shit. Canning this motherfucker. Like on that press conference. Like he destroyed 'em. Yeah, I saw he said, Bryce Mitchell is one of the dumbest people I have ever heard in my entire life.


And this, this, that action aside, this this new conversation of like trying to rewrite history is a wild one. Is a, is a wild and a scary one. It's scary. It's scary. It's very scary. Like, like A couple years ago we started questioning everything. Like do question everything. Like, and there's nothing wrong with that question. Everything. When you talk about the Holocaust and you talk about Hitler, you're talking about one of the most well documented situ scenarios in the history of The world. Tens of thousands of eyewitness accounts, people with tattoos on their arms, their bodies who saw what happened. Landmarks, artifacts, scientific research.


It is one of the most proven things that has ever happened in the history of The world. So to see current MMA fighters retired. MA why Is it only MMA fighters and grapplers, I'll tell you why. So fighters are a special breed. Most are unhinged. They're a little cuckoo in the head. Got some screws loose, which is why they're fighters. It's not a normal thing to want combat and, and physical violence. That's one. The second thing is, I, it's a little risky for me to say this, but whatever free speech, Dana White values that, and I know he can appreciate this opinion. You have an organization that is not enforcing any form of pu punishment for what I would believe to be dangerous ideologies.


Yeah. Hate speech or beliefs. Yeah. You know, hate, hate speech, whatever it is. Misinformation that more dumb asses like Bryce Mitchell, who think the fucking earth is flat, are gonna like, like, like, yes. 99% of people hear what he says and, and is like, this guy is so fucking ignorant and stupid inbred. But I inbred ignorant and stupid. But there is 1% of the population who will now be turned onto this stupid fucking ideology. They, and they will infect their, their spawn Yes. And their community. And that's, that's where you have to. But I do love, and I know you do too, I love Dana's angle on it, which is like, yo, it, it's controversial to your point, we're gonna let this person say whatever he wants.


But bro, this dude's a fuck. He said, this dude's a fucking moron. Yeah. It's, and and, and he's not. The thing is, is like, as someone who's in the trenches, I know you're not there. I know you're not there. I'm seeing this brewing every day. Like, bro, Bill's Arians another one. He's online every day talking about the amount. 6 million Jews didn't die like every day. Okay. Damn Ian. Every day it's his new thing. Oh God. So you, my god. So you're saying 6 million Jews didn't die. It might've been less than that. Okay. It was a million. Let's say it was 500. Who gives a fuck what the exact number was? We're talking about a horrific atrocity that continues to really fucking upset people whose family members died in these fucking Camps. Lemme just say on on on like the, the, the, the punishment note.


'cause everyone was asking Dana, You know, like, what's, what's, what's the punishment, if anything? And, and I respect Dana's position in, in, in allowing free speech. Yeah. And You know, he, he basically said like, we might, we might not agree with his opinion. We might not like him, but You know, that's you, you, he's a fighter. So that's why we're gonna watch to see him get the shit kicked out of him. Yeah. You didn't wanna see that. But the issue is what if that doesn't happen? And, and, and, and Bryce Mitchell has been knocked out pretty, pretty brutally once. Like it's already happened. And so like yes, the entertainment value, I get it. But if he wins, if he wins, it's a problem, bro. Yeah. It's not if, if, if a guy like that is the champion of The world in the biggest fight organization in The world, I don't see, I don't know if there's like a net positive there.


I just don't like, like it, like what if, what if a football player or a basketball player if in the N-F-L-N-B-A said, like, would they, would they be fine? Is it like a, Is it this? And, and, and I don't know. Like I said, I respect Dana's position. For me personally, I would've. I he is who he is. People are paying attention to him only because the UFC has platformed him and, and has given him this, this stage Yep. To perform. And he has. And so he now has an audience. So now if you're making that organization look idiotic or degrading the entire organization, 'cause it's not fighter Bryce Mitchell, it's us c fighter fighter Bryce Mitchell.


Yeah. In my head I could see a world where there's some, some recourse there. Would you Remove him? I Love Personally, I love Dana's. No, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't Remove him. I love Dana's angle. I think, I think you I hear you. I hear you. I think the idea that you make sure that everyone knows after a fighter who's a part of an org says something that the org vehemently disagrees with their position and is willing to go ahead and call this person a fucking moron in front of every reporter in The world. And it goes more viral than his original statement. That's what needs to be done. And that's the why. Like, We can, we can talk only about Jake and Logan fighting on this podcast. We can talk about a bunch of fun shit.


But it's also important for us to use our platform too, to talk about this type of shit. Like, bro, it's da it's extremely fucking dangerous. I I any opportunity I get to say Fuck Hitler, fuck Nazis. It was always punch a Nazi in the face. You see a fucking Nazi fucking punch that motherfucker always I Got it. Always, It always was that. And that's the vibe. It should continue to be for the, for the remainder of history. Fuck those people I I Got And anybody that sympathizes with them, I Got the punishment. I agree With that, Mike. Like for real. I Got the punishment. I think. I think it's great. I think I have it. 'cause 'cause some people might not like the idea of a fine, 'cause it kind of maybe goes against the free speech angle, which I, which I respect is for You make him work hours at a synagogue.


No, that would be crazy. That is You make him fight Ia tapur. No, they Always did you make him dead fight someone who he Who's he's Dead man. Who he's gonna to Get murdered By and say if you loser gone. Wow. You give him a chance, you give him a chance, but he just gets fucking killed and then you cut him off. Well, no, they were, I did, do you wanna, do you wanna know what, do you wanna know what they were gonna do instead? Dana's a Dana's a a a spinner of webs of tails just like the WWE is. And that's why he fits so nicely in the umbrella. He, I think they were gonna try to put him up against the Israeli fighter, which is, well, I What's his name?


What's his name? Hold on, hold on. That's crazy. And bro, I'm pretty sure there was a bunch of conversation about it. Dude, That's great. Here Is it one of these guys? Hold on a sec. Is it, was it, Is it Levy? No. I don't know. No, that's yeah. Maybe Tough. Anyways. It might be Levy. Let's move on. Yeah, That's What about Nick, bro? No, no. I'm, I'm listening. You guys is Nick, You guys thinking about Our interest topic? No. Interesting. Nick, what is the topic? What you Talk About? Okay, That may something light. 'cause I know how How's, how's being a dad? Bro? Bro, bro, it's, It's dude, I don talk about you. What, what do you wanna talk about? There's nothing to talk about me.


We're we're here for the bro pod. You wanna talk about something controversial? Sure. Yeah. Let's talk about something unconscious. No. What's did in your life? What's controversial in my life? I don know. I I know what you're gonna go for it. No, I don't. Maybe not. I don You know what, this isn't a gotcha podcast. Okay. I I will say this. I will say this about it. And we don't have to do the topic in whole. It's interesting because of the relationship that I had in the past and how, and You love talking about this. Okay. We can talk about it. Why don't talk about it. Introduce a topic. We can talk about it. I just, I just thought it was, maybe it would be interesting for you to have someone to bounce questions off of or to talk about with, but let's talk about something else. How do you, you just hit a million subs.


We just hit a million subs was Your biggest goal. It, it was, Bless You. I think the biggest thing is, Is it, what are we doing Now? I think is like a, a big thing. Run a world tour. To be honest, we're on a world tour and we, we came back for, to do the video with Logan, which Is insane. Bring Me to a frat party. Yes. My last hurrah. I know. What did you think of that? I thought you guys did a great job. Okay. We, I was, I don't know if You know, I was stressing they were texting me before we were getting there to like, the cops are there. They're shutting down the party. Yeah. Yeah. Someone Told me. I mean, bro, shit, shit was stressful. It frat parties are disgusting. Yeah. And like, not normally organized and stuff. And The, and the kids all chaos. Short, full it kids are, kids are testosterone.


Yeah. A lot of testosterone. Well, you, we, oh, I don't think we told you we ended up ever telling you the story of the problem that we had in the past at Berkeley. Yeah. What, what ended up, everyone kept coming to me and I, so we wanted wait to talk about Logan. Logan. Don't Wait to talk about it. So we We you got attacked or something? Yeah, we'll tag team it. So we, we, my sister was at Haas, she business school at Berkeley. It, it was the weekend she graduated, right? Yeah. Yeah. So we went up for her graduation, came to support A her sister Abby. Love Abby. Yep. She's got her masters. She's my daughter. I've never met Abby. She's amazing. She's, I think they're talk more than me and him do. I I see her popping up all the time. She got her MBA at Haas Business School at Berkeley. And we went Up to celebrate graduation and we went to just a random party. Didn't set it up, didn't bring security dis we, we did the quintessential pop out.


Like we really just showed up at a party and we, we thought like we were just there to have a good time. You know what I'm saying? But it was a proper party of there, hundreds of college aged high testosterone kids there. And we just kind of rolled up like four of us with no security or Anything. You guys didn't tell the frat? Nothing was organized. Nothing. Nothing. Dude. I Don't think it was, it wasn't even a frat. It was a house party. I think it was an off campus. Which a real dangerous, right? So we, so we show up and we go back there and it, it, it immediately like burst in the chaos. And so there k Chaos. Chaos in a way we hadn't seen Before. Yeah. Like more than like a meetup. More than Yeah. In a way where it was like, Well there was no restraints. They had their phones on like we're In, we're in danger. Yeah. Actual Danger. So, so they Security or nothing? No, nothing. So they, so they, they start shouting.


This is during his very controversial pre, pre beard, right? Pre beard. No, No, no. Just after dude. Yeah. But but most people knew you as pre beard. It was like, yay. Like just after ye dates. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's not the most loved person. Right? So they they take his hat off. They all have their phones out. They're not being nice. They're not receiving us. Well, some kids like, wait, they they cornered you and wanted to like No, No. Surrounded, yeah. Surrounded, not cornered. Circle hundreds of, of like very high testosterone, like 20-year-old kids. So me, I am like, okay, this is one of those situations. So I see a brick, like a full brick on the ground and grab that because I'm like, dude, like we're probably gonna have to try to fight our way outta the situation. You were gonna throw a brick at something?


No, I'm not gonna throw a brick. I'm gonna use a brick as many times as I possibly can. Okay. To get Out. It's like a defensive, like a shield? No, no. As a weapon of mass destruction. Okay. Because, because we were in this Wait, they they trying to fight you guys, Bro. It was there bro. It was there. Why? Man, like Mike said, Different time. I feel like college kids just got a lot of Testosterone. I will agree with that. There are like, I've been to a few frats and my boy Brad's here, I've been to his frat. Some of those, like all those frats, the rivals, they all fight each other. They get in in massive brawls and they wanna fight. And I don't really understand that aspect of the frat side, but Well, yeah, You do, you do understand it. 'cause you were there once too. I mean, when I was that age, like I surely would've liked to, to beat someone's as were, were you, Were You in a frat?


No, I was never, I played, no, I mean, I played lacrosse at a small school. You look like a lax bro. Yeah, I had a lot of frat mentality. But You know, I I, I don't think, to be honest, I was never, never a fighter. I actually gotten one brawl in my entire life in college. It was like the hockey team lacrosse. Everyone was like battling each other sick. But, and I, I, my favorite thing about this, the frat party stuff, and I think that's kind of what made this so special and why we keep doing it, is it's bringing these different cultures together. So I hope, you know, I hope it was a, a much better experience than, than that much. Yeah. But that's kind of where it started. But, But I felt it. But I felt it last night too. It's like, it's like even we were standing outside getting that last shot. I mean, they were pressing up on, on our security, who's a, who's a, You know, massive, massive human.


And he, he, I remember, it's so funny 'cause he always has these one-liners. He said, you don't want to do that. You don't want to do that, don't do that. And they're like pushing up on him and they ca he's like, seriously, it's going to be the, it's going to be a bad decision. Don't do that. So I Got one behind me and you guys are shooting that segment and he's sticking his arm over to get the video the whole time like this. And I'm like, bro, seriously, stop fucking a fracking. Stop. Fucking, oh, I saw actually Pushing my arm, bro. I'm like, bro, seriously, stop fucking touching my arm. He's leaning up because they're all fired up. Yeah, they're fired up. They're ready to Rock. But I think the difference here is it's love. Like, it was like, yes. Yes. A hundred percent. They like, are so appreciative. Like, after you guys left, I stayed there for a second and they came to me and they're like, you know how much it means, you know, Logan came here and gave us, we know how much his time is, blah, blah, blah.


Like, they were so appreciative that you came and, and did that. I gotta tell you something. It Is, it was wild To go from an arena of 65,000 people booing me. Literally wanted me to get my ass kicked. But they love you. I mean, I don't know. It's not what I Mean, there's a whole bunch of guys Yeah. They were tripping. But they love you. Yeah, they love me. Yeah, we'll go with that. Yeah. No. So yeah, arena, like where, You know, everyone wants me to lose to the exact opposite. These kids have so much energy college kid, bro. We on the mic. We, we would, we could say anything. We'd be like donut. Yeah, I know. I'm, I'm gonna be real though. Like, I've been to certain parties where you, you gotta get the crowd going work 'em. Dude, that was an insane Oh, The Energy, the whole thing was full.


It was massive. That was crazy. That was insane. I Can't wait for your video to come out. When's your video Come out? Monday, 5:00 PM EST. So tomorrow, tomorrow I wanna let you review everything. Don't worry. I don. Okay. Is that okay? That comes out tomorrow? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because we, we have a vlog going out this weekly vlogger. I know you're back weekly Vlogger. We're Back. You're back. Okay. I'm gonna be paying attention. I've been watching them. Yeah, dude. Just try to, You know, make some content. Look bro, come on. One of the actual goats of the era. Yes. Right. And it's funny because we, me and Nick talk about it all the time. It's like we're in a decrepit, You know, dinosaur era of vlogging right now. Like, like, bro, you it, it, it, I thought it honestly for a second.


It was me and you. That was it. It was like putting out weeklys rolling around doing travel, seeing people. People are Coming back though right now. So the one who will not be meant No, I'm just kidding. Dore came back. Dore back, right. Put a video out. And by the way, truthfully, it was fucking Incredible. It was a great video. He, he had collected a shit ton of footage for it. It was extremely high energy. As much as I'm team Jeff until forever, I love Jeff is, You know, actually him and I had a, so I was in Vegas and dude, Jeff is, first of all amazing, this one time. Incredible. We didn't have a video and, and I, I needed to go find someone. We, our goal was to bring someone to a frat party. We didn't end up finding it, but I was like, Jeff, David's throwing a Halloween party. I called him man to man. I was like, if you don't want me to go, I won't go.


Yeah. He Told me this And I was like, but I really wanna go film and see if I can find someone. I ended up trying to ask Corina to go to a frat party. She was really nice. It didn't work out, but it was still a great video. But he's like, go, he said, I understand, You know, you're doing what you gotta do right now. You're grinding. And he just told me to go. I Think he told you that. And then I think he called me the next day and was like, this motherfucking never seen. Are you serious? No. No. He'll, he'll forget. I texted so many thinking him like, like, dude, I appreciate you like, being cool about that. But after that video went up, David came Up to me in Vegas. He was like, yo, Nick, I just watched your first video. The one was, or I watched the video with you in Sketch, but then I watched the video you did at my party. And he's just like, I really respect you. You know everything with Jeff and me and Oh cool.


All that stuff, you know, such an unfortunate situation. It sucks, but I, I under Jeff Sucks. Yeah. Yes. I under completely understand. Lost I, dude, it's a, that is, I can't even blind. It's horrible. It's really Excavator. Yeah. That is Physics. And Jeff made MeatCanyon. Jeff and Dorich. Jeff was a doll. They made MeatCanyon, which is crazy. You Know, MeatCanyon, what's the MeatCanyon? Oh man. That means you've, that means you've made it. I think that might be the, I think that might mean you've made it on YouTube. If you get a MeatCanyon video, you have, you have accomplished something terrible. It was, it was, it was great. It was cool to be, it was cool to be featured as a South Park episode. It was much cooler to be MeatCanyon. Yeah. Wait, what's MeatCanyon? So if you do something that the community deems to be like, they don't really particularly need certain levels of evidence.


It's just they, the community deem something to have happened. He'll generally jump into action and create a cartoon that is disturbing on levels that you could never imagine. I mean, dude, the size of my ears, the size of my ears. It, we never really, we didn't even That. Can you see this? Is there Oh Yeah. Picture dude. Yeah. You and 8 million Other people. It Per episode. Dude, it's insane. Ba it's like a, it's like a spoof. Parody with like dark, twisted, animated humor. Dark. Go find the, somewhere I can go Look it up. He, Hey David Dos was hilarious. Okay. Yeah, Jeff, Jeff was featured in it. And he's a doll. He's a doll. Did You know, and did, did you notice his eye was a little fucked? The doll? Oh my gosh. Is it level, the detail, the, the, did you, you saw the Costco guys one? Yes. Where the kid gets, I see.


I see all of, Did you see the HK tool one? Yes. I, yes. I Love that. He so twist. I Got, I gotta find this. No, we'll watch It after. Brad. Have You heard of this? No, we have MeatCanyon, MeatCanyon MeatCanyon. No, but look it up while you're sitting there. It's, it's insane. Yeah, but it was fun, bro. Fun party. Yeah. Oh my dude. I couldn't, bro, it was Crazy how The chain was like that. I didn't know you were actually, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest. I know like, people were talking about like, oh, prime. Like we're, I know we're doing prime, but like, I didn't know that was gonna happen. There Is, is the deal done? It's not signed yet, but it's gonna be signed. I, I confirmed everything on my end. I confirmed everything on my So jumping about That. No, but we're doing it. Are you Sure? I I gave the a hundred percent mind, so go ahead.


I think it's, think it's up somewhere. Yeah, It's happening now. It's between your people and my people. Okay. I hope it does. I hope it does. No, it is happening. You, You know, you know, it's, it's for PRIME Energy. PRIME Energy. Yeah. Yeah. Because we, we think, we think you, you got energy Motion. Thank you. I'm gonna be honest with you. It is mind blowing when, when you asked me to do that. 'cause dude, who am I compared to the people you have on Prime? I'm serious. Like you have superstars. I'll Do They vlog. I'll tell you who you are. You're the first person we signed for PRIME Energy. I'm the first for PRIME Energy. Yes. Wow. Yes. Everyone else is hydration. Your PRIME Energy, dude. Okay.


I'm here. Bring it. It's also Not signed. Signed yet. And the answer Is, it's also not signed yet. Yeah. So you're the first person We need to sign it. The the, the answer is we like your content and we think you speak to the demographic that will like our product. I appreciate that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I think they will. And I will tell you, we have a lot of people on our team. We work out. We drink 'em regular, on a regular basis. We're gonna Do you, do you Drink PRIME Energy? Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna be honest with you. Yeah, go for it. I'm gonna be honest with you. Fine. I went through a phase of PRIME Energy. Yeah. And I don't even wanna say other names of other companies. Yeah. On here, because it's what we rep Now. I went through one other one and now I'm back to Prime. So I, I'll tell you in addition to, man, it, it's so sad we don't have the bigger cans here, but just to get a little granular with the business, we made the cans bigger, bigger with the same amount of caffeine and the formula is smoother.


And they're only like the best flavors we have. Dude, I drink a can of PRIME Energy every day before my workout. It's my pre-workout. I love the product. PRIME Energy moment. Yeah. PRIME Energy moment. Like, you know, when, You know, when you, you know, when you go To drink? We don't have it here. We don't have it here, unfortunately. And, and, and, and by the way, this, What's that one? That's, that's That a name? No, it's not. It's not. And this, this is still, What do you want? You want this regular Energy? This is like a very good product. Our new energy is Great. Behind is great. And so we're gonna try, we're gonna try to attack that market a little more, but well, here We're gonna, I promise you. 'cause it's so, it's, it's just insane because I've told my team so many times, I'm like, I wanted to have a energy drink a part of this. I, I drink energy drinks every day.


Oh. And I, and Prime does come in the mix. Have, Have you tried the Cherry lime made? No, I haven't. Dog. Dog. My favorite one's the icicle, everything. I see these, ah, these, these hydration ones. I literally religiously drank. Okay. Okay. So, so we have a energy ice pop as well, it's called, we just, I've had it, we just changed the, the drip drips. Yeah. I, I think it's what It's called. I think it's called Drips. And I have had it and it's really good. But this is like, this is also, you know, sure. We did a video and impulsive, but dude doing the energy, this is like a full 360 G comes true. It's cool. And Bro, don't, you don't gotta, you don't gotta, like, I, I plug, I I, I've been talking about it, but some people are interested in, in, in the prime conversation. But you, you, you don't gotta go crazy.


Like, I don't, I don't even think we have like, deliverables for you and shit. Like, just, just make it organic, bro. Just, just, just, just drink the product. We hope you enjoy it and then feature it where you want. You know, I'm gonna feature it and we're gonna make you proud. Nick. Nick, since it you're the guest today, I'm gonna let you choose the next one. Okay. Lemme choose the next one. Do you wanna do, do you wanna do speed and Kai WWE trade tariffs or plane crashes? Can we do speed and Kai on the plane crashes. Okay. Ki speed took potentially the craziest guest appearance bump I've ever seen in my entire life. Dude, that was absolutely insane. It was the craziest shit. Mind blowing dude.


Did you, you said, did you ask him to come on and do that, Or no, that was not my idea. No, I was, I was, I was told that speed was coming to the Royal Rumble. Then all of a sudden, triple H is like, you got, you're in the rumble and speed's. Like, what the fuck? And, and that, She was incredible, dude. He wasn't, Speed is a superstar. A hundred Percent. A hundred percent Is a superstar. So Everything he does from the culture, everything, he, I wa I watched his clips and I'm like, dude, these are insane. No, It's insane. I I I, I watched a clip of him coming out from, from the gorilla. It's called the, the little area before You're, you're loaded into your walkout And him Entering and You know, coming out to 65,000 people, looked like he had been there A million thousand times, bro. Like, like how he is.


He is, he is flown out of the creator sphere into global super sphere. Like in record time. Huge Pop as well. Crowd goes, that's crazy. They love him. Dude, dude, dude, he comes, he does an eye thing. He hits the sui. Oh, the whole arena. I know Sue. I couldn't. Oh God. I'm like that. That was insane. He's never done this before. And then took the nastiest bump ever from Bro Breaker thrown over the ropes, caught by Otis, thrown over the table. I Got the craziest angle ever. You Oh, you shot the video. I was right there. The whole video of the arena. It was on, it was on SportsCenter bar stool, every wrestling page. Like I, I just, 'cause I 'cause I was watching, I had no idea what was gonna happen.


I saw him hit the back flip. I'm zoomed tight 'cause I'm right there, front row. He's facing us. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He does the back flip. And I see somebody bouncing in the back and I go, I'm gonna pop out. 'cause I think something's, and then just speared insane. That was insane. And he almost to a point where I had to like, really get to the frame. Yes. Because he flew outta the frame, frame speared Into another dimension, Into another. And then I was like, if I know speed well enough, he, his facial feature after this is going to be insane. And so I zoomed on his face and he did one of those like cartoon. Like, he was like going under type. I didn't know he was acting If it was like, real, like, was he actually, was he good after? So I, I asked him and he, he, he says he's good, but he's in crutches in a neck brace.


Every time he comes, he leaves with more hardware. Like, he's always gets Hurt. He was, I'll tell you, I'll tell you the thing about speed though. He's obviously very physically capable. Oh my God, For Sure. Oh, I, I'm tired of him seeing, I'm tired of seeing him get his ass kicked. Like in the wwe e bro. Randy Orton nasty RKO threw a table now, bro. Breaker speared him, OTI threw him over a, like, I wanna see speed kick some ass. So he has to come back. It's time for his get back. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Time for him to be a winner in Then. Yeah. And what was the, what was the disconnect with you and Kai? Look though, you guys got into it after the event. Is this real, he Got into it. Yeah. I mean, it seemed real.


Yeah. There some beef there, So, no, so well, Oh God. It's gonna be tough, man. I love you and Kai. This is so, I love, I love Kai. Okay. I love Kai. He invited me on a stream before the match. Like, this is sick. We were out there. He's like, yo, Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta wasn't fucking with you. I was like, what are you talking about? Nice. Yeah. Atlanta loves me. Everyone loves me. And, and he, I asked him, I was like, bro, are you gonna like cheer me? Are you gonna boo me? He said, he basically said like, I'm, I'm, I don't, I'm not fucking with you, Logan. Like, I'm gonna boo you. I was like, oh, like to my face. I was like, what? I'm gonna boo you. And so a after I Got eliminated, all of a sudden I hear, bro, I don't hear any voices.


My mom, Mike, Nina, my fiancee. You didn't hear me? No Nick, bro. I was going nuts. We did make eye contact at one point. And, and I didn't. I didn't, but I didn't, I didn't hear you. I just saw screaming. Oh, the, the, the, the voices all sound the same except s not Yo chat. Yo Chat. I hear him fucking yo chat, yo, whatever. The kai, the Kais drop Ls, the Jeff of Logan dog. I hear it. This like, and, and I, I'm like, is this fucking Kai? Sure enough, I look up and there's Kai Sinat and I'm like, he's chirping at me. And I just got thrown out of the rumble and I'm like, bro, I, I don't need this energy. So I basically blamed the, the entire loss on him. Wow. And so we just started going at it and he, and he's bro, he like fired back up at me.


And he, meanwhile, I'm like, dude, do I like risk my job and drag him over the barricade and like, and like, and like distract from the match because, bro, I don't even know how I Got eliminated from the rumble to this moment. I don't know how To this day. I, I, I Got kicked in the face by Jay uso. That was a good take. That Was, I, yeah, bro, I stumbled back. I'm holding onto the ropes. I think I'm good. All of a sudden this force hits me in the chest. I go flying backwards over the rope. And then I look up, I'm like, look, I'm a, what the fuck was that? I don't even see anything. I don't, the camera's pointed at something I don't see. All I see is the bright lights and Yeah. You know, my, my, my tattered dreams of victory. And I'm sitting there and I'm just, all I see is Jay USO in the ring alone.


Yeah, the crowd. I saw that too. Well, I didn't see, but the crowd went crazy. Like they might have seen like a shadow or, so it was the weirdest thing ever. Like a ghost almost saw a ghost Like a ghost or something. Yeah. And, and then all the last thing I need is fucking Kai Sinat chirping at me in this highly, highly embarrassing Moment. Moment. But if you drank, you would've lost again to Kai if you dragged him over. 'cause he's, he, bro, he's, he's, he's, he's not tall, but he's like six, seven when he stands out his money. He's a big, he's a big, Big, maybe he has to come back and actually get in there. I mean, I mean, bro, I thought you were gonna drag. I honestly thought you, I I'll tell you, I thought you were gonna drag him and Tyree Halliburton over The world. Nah, nah. We, we, we, we, we fucking with Tyree. We love Tyree. But I mean, look, the stage is set.


Yeah. Yeah. The stage is set. If, if, if there's beef, if look, I, I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say that. I'm just saying like, was good, You know, was good. Do You think Kai is a chance against, against You? No. No. Okay. No, bro. Another enough of this, like celebrity wrestler. Okay. Versus you Speed speeding. Kai versus me. Wow. That's, that would be the biggest, it would be the biggest thing ever. I don't, they should just lean into this shit, dude. To completely honest with you. That goes crazy. That goes crazy. That'd be insane. That actually would be amazing. It would be insane. That would Go crazy. Oh God, that's fun.


And then if you need to tap me in, You know, you got me the matching fit, I would just come in there with you and Yeah. We would battle them out together. I also stole some little kid's hack. He Came Up to me. Yo, he came up, he's like, Logan Paul just stole me. I don't like him. And I'm like, he, he like, he's like, but he gave it back to me. I didn't give it back to him. Oh, I think he did. He said he, Somebody gave it back to him. I gave it to the, I gave it to a security guard. I don't need this fucking kid's hat. You put red Back on his head. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. He's being a villain right now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I did. I took his hat. Yeah. I took his hat. We Have it on camera. He runs back Up to me and says it. I, no, 'cause here's what happened. I took his hat. 'cause it's a John Cena hat. Yeah, yeah. Who just eliminated me. This kid's in a whole John Cena garb. I don't need to see that shit.


I take this little kid's hat, put it on my head, and then I turn around and the kid's like, ah, like he's following me. I tried to explain it to him. He, he's following me. And I'm like, ha. And I go to, I go to give him his hat and he reads for, and I do one of these and I take it back and I'm out. I walk out. I, I stole his Hat. You did not take it. I promise you in my life. He came back with the hat, Nick. Okay. I took the hat from the kid. You Took it. You took it. You were great. You took it. I Gave, I gave, I gave it to a security guard. I don't need this fucking John C hat. Now I gave it to a security guard. Who, who I don't know if he, I don't know what he did with it, but, but I, I promise you I told, I stole that kid's hat. I agree with you. Don't fucking get outta my face with that Shit. He was five.


What? He Was like five. He Was Five what? Five Years old. He was five. Five foot six. Yeah. And he, You know, there was one point, he did one cheer for you too. And he was, I actually like Logan. And Then, and then he took his hat. That's okay. Don't worry about it. Tell you two, your fans, Whatever. Don't worry. He, he was wearing all John Cena. I told him like, dude, why are you wearing John Cena? And you and what Were you wearing? I was wearing a full down LP and Maverick, You were supporting. And guess what? You left with Your Hat. Your fucking hat. I did Tech. It's Actually, no, I don't have it. It's mine. It mine. It's My hat. This is actually Brad. This is Brad. Brad's, Brad's hat Brad. I'm two 60. I'm almost, oh, You guys are so, so I'm almost two 60. It's So crazy. Sorry, sorry, Sorry, sorry. Wait. Fucking Brad's hat dude. Sorry. My bad. How am I Oh, you. Oh, that.


Oh, oh. I thought you were talking about Bradley, Marcy, the PRIME Energy iss hidden. Like, what the fuck? We made it to February. Barely. Holy serious. Shit. Fucking shit. The month of January was just insane. Yeah. Like the amount of stuff that just happened from, I mean, dude, where do you even start? Like where do you actually start? Like you Afraid of the plane crashes, Crashes, fires, You know, now, now we're at war with Canada and Mexico. They like in a massive trade tariff battle. Tariff battle it this besides the natural, I sound dumb saying what is going on with that?


What? Yeah. I'll, I'll lead you. I'll I'll tell you about it. So, so regardless of the natural stuff that's happened, happening naturally, war With Canada? No, Just, Okay. Sorry. Focus. Sorry, I'm listening. Lock The fault. Okay. My bad. That's on me. Before we talk about the naturally occurring stuff, we'll, we'll talk about the stuff that's happening in the, in the, in the Oval office, in the presidency. This, this seems like the greatest experiment. Oh my God. Oh, that's so sweet. My daughter. Hi. Oh, that's beautiful. We had, Yeah, yeah. Wait, would this be her first impulsive appearance? Yeah. Yeah, for Sure. Exactly. Wow. Oh God. All right. I think she's ready. You wanna, you wanna take the bib off?


Can we do a drum roll effect? Yeah, But yeah. Yeah. But not too, not too loud. She's a Sensitive No, no, no. Not us. In post. Hello guys. Hey. This is so sweet. This is sme. Hey, sme. Hi, Judy. Wow. Which Give her the mic. Wow. She drooling. Do you need a babe? Yeah, maybe. Okay. It's okay. Give Her the mic. That's okay. Wow. She's just excited. That's so sweet. She's very excited. Hi. Yes. Your first podcast.


What do you wanna talk about? What do you wanna talk About? Trade Tariffs. Trade tariffs. Hi baby girl. Why? What are you thinking? Why? Wow. That was amazing. How Is it? Good job. Yeah. Good job. S That was so good. That is so good. Oh, She's a star. She Is star. A star. She's, This is a, this is a very cute outfit. I will say it's one of, it's one of the best parts of having a daughter. You can just dress her whatever you you want wardrobe.


Wardrobe. It Is the coolest, cutest thing ever. Ask her another question. Okay. Esme, what did, what did you do today? That, yeah. Okay. Was Good. Was that before or after breakfast? Was was that before or after breakfast? That Is it. Clean Hope it's not The same mic from the Riley Reed episode. From who? Oh no. What's up cutie? Hi.


I think we have a new co-host. Do you want me to take her back to new focus? I, I, I literally could, I could sit here. Watch her all day. I know. Wait. Waiting for her to make a noise. I think, I think the only issue I will say about this is I think there are some stringent child labor laws that we have to be careful of. So I think she's time for her to take a break. That is true. I think they have to take a break every three minutes, I think. Okay. Like you have some applesauce maybe. Yeah. You can grab her. Yeah. Okay. Little lady ask. Okay, ask. Good job. Good job. Yay. Good job.


That, that was really good. That was really amazing. That was really good. Really good. Oh, she'll be back. That was really good. Good job. Good job. Okay. She was, she felt so proud. Wow. She felt So proud. That was amazing. That's crazy. Wow. That was Beautiful to see. So, so basically we're watching an experiment in real time. Like, like for, for the, for the eternity of the, this country. Like, there's been a lot of non-action happening. Yeah, it was great job. That was awesome. There's been a lot of non-action happening at the government level. Trump came in for the second term and signed 600 executive orders.


He just sat there at the desk and said, don't like this. Don't like that. Get rid of 80% of the federal go. This will be the greatest experiment in the history of the country. That is true. Hands down. I thought it was, I thought it was interesting how he also turned it into like a media, like a press oppress event while he was signing executive orders. Well, he's been doing that for years with the giant marker signature. But it's, It's, yeah, but it's pretty like, He like shows it off. Like He got, he got a lot of energy. He got a lot of Energy. Well, we know that. I mean, post doing the show with him and like, we really haven't even ever talked about that. And I think there's a whole podcast on, on how media and podcasts played into the, the 2024 election. Yeah. And how it'll continue to play into it. But, but basically I think, I think the real experiment on the business side and the government and the relationship side with other countries is like, he wants to make sure that our input and, and exports are being looked at, at we are being viewed as the power that we are in this world.


And so basically like he, he's, he's, he's, he's putting these tariffs on countries that may be doing things that he doesn't like. So he, he's placed a 25% trade tariff on Canada and Mexico. Both countries obviously got pissed. Yeah. Canadians booed the national, the US national anthem at the hockey game. That's Not good. So why, why Do he, why do he do that? I'm sorry. I think he was brothers. Don't get into all the, the crazy economic socio, or sorry, sorry. All the economic stuff with the, with the tariffs and why's doing it? Let's, Let's fly to Cleveland then. But we are doing that. Like now let's, let's, let's get outta here.


You could call your sister to have these conversations about, about the government stuff. You lo she loves the government stuff. By the end of this week, the Eagles will be the US the, the Super Bowl champions. Wow. Hundred hundred. Patty Mahomes has anything to do it. Sequ Barkley, Not Patty Ma Sequ Barkley to do it. Sequan Barkley is The Most valuable athlete in The world right Now. I had never, if you are watching this program besides maybe SGA 'cause, SGA looks like Michael Jordan right now. Saquon Barkley is special. He's him. I've, I've been so Obsessed with him lately.


I've been watching All these, he's him on a level that you cannot, even if you take a Saquon Barkley under you are, you are the dumbest, his his line is like 100. You're they're putting 112, 120 yard lines on this dude, dude. And he is doubling them, bro. He's amazing. So, so when they put up 55 points on Washington last week and your ass struggled to fucking beat the bills and had to use the zebras as usual to get it done, Bro. No, no, no, no. It's not struggling. It's called gameplay. It's cold. Your ass is getting handled. Grit. Nah, no, No way. No, bro. You think Patrick Mahomes is gonna let this opportunity of a lifetime? I can't wait slip through this.


I I cannot, I can't believe the lion's lost. I Okay. Lines again. Keep it together. Detroit. I will. I I'm not even, I'm a J of golf. I will Incredible love Jerry. I will. I'm a Bears fan. But I will fly from the Super Bowl victory in New Orleans to Philadelphia to celebrate. And I will climb a light post. I will be one of the guys that falls off the light post. Oh, you can't say that. 'cause that actually happens. You, you have no chance. And I'm gonna, and I'm also going to, I'm also going to drop a 12 pack of Prime of Homes bottles into a trash compactor after it happens as well. Wow. Just Kidding. And I love Pat. He was very nice to us, but unfortunately this is, this is bigger Than that. And Logan, I wanna take your side here. I really do. I love you to death. But I'm on Mike's side here. Saquon bar. Dude, that dude is the fucking machine.


Come on. I'm watching his daily life routines. I'm seeing his health routines. That guy's a beast. He's, this is, I don, there's no beating. This guy Has to be the biggest regret that the giants ha have ever felt in their Oh, that trade. Oh, that is so awesome. He's Mm, He's well, an even bigger trade. He's proven People wrong guys. An even Bigger trade happened with Don Chicken ad, but which is even crazier. But it's, it's gonna be a wild week. Dude. I will say this about Saquon Barkley, his reverse hurdle that he did Oh. Was probably one of the most athletic things I've ever seen in My life. Wwe, here we come, baby. Brother, brother. But that's, it's not possible. I, I watched it 20 times, the first 20 times just to figure out how this was possible.


How did he know that there was a guy behind him that he could just go, boop, it's the power cleaner and jump. Have you, but how did he, You know, he was behind you. He Squats and power clean Motherfuckers. Have you seen his squats? I know he got Big old thoughts. No, no, no, no. You have to see this. It's, he does it for that reason. Disgust. It's Insane. I've watched, I've been watching documentaries on this guy. What's His 90 pounds Is A freshman. What is it? What is it? Heat power. He's a huge eagle fan. Oh, three 90 pounds. So he, so he's just a, he's just a Athletic freak monster. No, bro. His whole life is around. Dude, here, he reminds me a lot of how they talk about Travis Hunter. Everything is around this football. Like the way he trains eats, he eats just the right amount of nutrients. So, so he can perform at that level. It's insane. And, and perhaps that dedication is a testament to his longevity because don't running backs have the shortest NFL lifespan have to of careers like out every position have to.


But, but, but Saquon's been at it for Oh, oh, that's, but to see him coming into his prime right now is just Yeah. But yeah, that's What, that's what I'm saying. He's, he can't be more than, he's gotta be like five years in at this Point. I think. Yeah. What, how is he He's he's been there for a long time. A while. Yeah. Performing, performing at the highest level. And he's just now becoming the best that he could be. It's, that's Crazy. And You know, you know what this Is, it is crazy. Is, you know what the sin is? Can't ever stop that. That the mv that MVP ha is a quarterback driven award. They're gonna give the no, they're gonna give no, no, no. They're gonna give mvp. No, they're gonna give MVP to, to Lamar or to Alan. Which is insane because although Josh Allen's incredible. He is, I really enjoy watching him too. Well Lamar is one of the, is absolutely phenomenal.


It's, dude, this has been a saquon year dude. He, he would've broke the record if they let him play that last, that 18th week game. He's he's Phenomenal. Josh Allen's story though. No. Josh Allen's incredible. Every, every odd was Against him. Yeah. But it's tarnished. But it's tarnished by that, that third l it is he bro, or fourth or whatever it was. Could sad. He could have really stepped up and made an impact on, on the rest of, of the, of his, his legacy. At least he married the lady from Bumblebee, the Bumblebee movie. Did he? Yeah. What's I think so What, who Is it? Steiny, Steiny, Brooke, Haley Steinfeld. Rachel Steiny. Steiny Steinberg. Stein's sister. Steiny. He's married. Steiny, Steiny. Steiny Steiny. Oh, can I say something? Sta has texted me since I posted this. I posted this story like this, like Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Saying what Dude, he has blown me saying what the fuck up being like, yo, you signed a problem. You signed a problem. You signed a problem. Really? Yeah. Why? I don't know. And I'm scared to answer back. 'cause we haven't signed anything. So I don't wanna like put my art your business or our business out there to anyone. It's our business now, bro. Yeah. Our bus. I love that. That's amazing. That's great. Must be nice. Must be nice. But yeah, I know it's, sorry. That's, that's, it's interesting. People really care about prime. People are really worried about this deal. That's insane. Well, I don't know people, but like my friends society Yeah. Signing stuff. Well, alright, that's it. I gotta go. I'm outta here. Yeah. You're dad. Nick. Nick. Dude, thanks for joining US ON Paul. Thank you. I don know if I was good. I'm sorry if I great. If I went silent, you're all the do things. I'll gas you up ball again.


I did five. I did five things. You're all of 'em. You Thank you. You're, you're Nazis bro. If you're watching shit, I hope somebody sticks a p up. Pineapple up your ass. The sideways you s go. Can't run it. Yeah. Oh, talk your shit. Yeah. What your shit. Nazis? Yeah bro. Are you serious bro? Yeah. Fucked up. Yo. Go. Everybody go streaming glorious bastards. After this shit. I wanna see 1000 Nazi scouts. Yeah, dude. Let need More Like, and subscribe. Like, and subscribe. Like, can subscribe. See ya. Love you.