
Francis and gone. Who said that? He'd only fight Jake Paul if I was locked in the cage with him as well. Yeah. That's crazy. What the Fuck does he think is gonna happen when you become domesticated and you can't like go out and be like drinking and partying every night? Dude, I'm A father. Deadbeat dead. Yeah, I'm a deadbeat dad. I'm turn 40, 40-year-old. Mike, will I see you out at the club? I haven't been going as much lately. I don't enjoy it, but I can't say no. Why did you say mother kill you to Mike Tyson? Mother? I kill you, Mike. I shouldn't have said mother. That was mean, bro. But yo, so many U-F-O-U-A-P videos and I really don't know what to believe. I'm debating saying this, but I'm gonna say it. Whatever.


Okay, well that should be enough around. Let's go, let's get this over with Neither of us wanna be here. Neither do y'all. Let's put put, let's do this. Okay. Stop. Let's be honest. Shows run its course, boys. It's over. Okay. Me and this nine hole golfer over here who looks like he's about to go knitting after this. Okay. Going to go to crochet class with his, with his kids Kid. Well, I don't know what you guys have planned. I don know if you guys are having a second one, We will. And probably a third. And if I can give, convince her a fourth and a fifth, I Think it really pisses a lot of people off that you are as athletic and strong as you are because I alongside a lot of other people, would love to beat you up.


You just anger me. Your outfit angers me. Why you look a walking olive? Yeah, I guess I kind of do. Do you understand? I, The pearls has buttons. I Had to take little papers off of them. This Casablanca outfit came with little papers on these, like each one was individually wrapped in like paper, bro. I don't know What I look Okay. Right. No, It's fine. It's just Like a good little schoolboy Cleveland. Don't really, it wouldn't, doesn't say Cleveland. I'm not wreaking much Cleveland. No, You're also not re wreaking much melanin. Have you seen the sun lately? No. You look like Casper. No, I haven't. Let's Just talk shit to each other for the whole episode. I Would love to do that. I, I'm telling you, you look tense. I noticed your shirt is wrinkly.


So wrinkly. I'm Logan. I'm really bad. I'm not doing good. Why? I'm, I don't know. Yeah, but You hit 'cause you hit your parlay last, right? No, don't know. They're called, you should be doing, well, first of all, they're called lineups. They're called lineups on prize picks. They're not called whatever word you just said. They're called lineups. And yes, I did have some good lineups last night, dude, in the Browns game. The Cleveland Browns, You know the Cleveland Browns, right? I, I watched them And yeah, they're a great team. Dude, dude, last night against the Broncos. Oh God. Hey. Hey. Is this, is this coming out for? Yeah, right. We'll probably put this one quick. Yeah. Winston's a really good quarterback. Winston Churchill. J bro, I, what I saw last night, He threw for 460 Yards.


Yeah. And like two pick 6 3 3. Yeah. Three picks total. Yeah. One of 'em was a, a a pick six, Two pick sixes. He, he, the thing with Winston is he's always had a problem with interceptions. He Always has. I've heard back to his college. I've heard that. And he had gotten it under control. But when he starts to feel the pressure for, from the game and from the rush on the defense side, yeah, he throws pics. But, But I've seen him stay enthusiastic even in the backfield, like, like delay of game is incoming and he's like freaking out. He's throwing a little like tantrum and Stuff. He loves Jesus like more than Anybody. Jesus is fantastic. No, no, of course. But you guys have all seen it. He like, every, everything that he talks about is 'cause God allowed, he even prayed to God to stop the pick sixes.


Well, I'm not even kidding. Well, But it just, yeah, you, you, you look like, you look like you're from New Can in Connecticut. So, So so what you wanted to just do this podcast so you could just make fun of me. No, I Don't wanna do that. I just think, I think we should do it because I think it would be cool to catch up. I know you did a show with Jake. It was good. I think it was missing a little bit of energy Dog. We were both extremely hungover. He had just beat Mike Tyson. I can't believe he even like, agreed to do that. And, and sometimes we're a little awkward. Like, Jake, I'm kidding you guys. I hate the internet turns. Did You see the comments? Did you see the comments like, Socks, Mike, Mike needs, this is why Mike needs more of a Pulses.


No, but I saw, but I saw like commentary channels that like, made reviews of it. What? Of like, they're so awkward. They don't even like each other. Like it's Just, come on. No, no, no. But you, You also, you guys also, that's your shtick. Both of you guys have fallen into that awkward Shtick, bro. It's my family. Yeah. Like, like you like the dynamic that you see is not the family dynamic. This is my brother, my actual blood. Like, I, I think commentary channels are so funny to me. And honestly, kudos to them. 'cause if I was not able to do anything original either, but I was good at just talking about other people's lives, I would be doing the same. What Do you mean? I would, I would do that right Now.


I would love to do that because it's so, but You're better than that Michael. And you know that you like to go outside Now? I like to gamble And kiss your pretty girlfriend. Yes. Yes. I do like Real life things. She wouldn't like me if I had a commentary channel. Oh. It's just like, like, who are these people? Like, like if, if you show your face in a real life setting and you've made a living talking shit about people and you run into them, like what happens, You know, sometimes it'll be cordial and I've tried to keep it cordial. 'cause I, this is what I'm saying. I get it. Like, if, do what you gotta do, bro, get your bread. I don't see that. I don't have to really experience it much because I, I try purposely to fly outta the radar, number one. But I also suck a lot of dicks.


I I'm a fence sitter, so I'm friends with all these terrible people, bro. So I, so I, But I do that for us. I'm, I do that for us. Just so You know, my guy, just so you know, my guy. I, I've, I've squashed some, some shit. Dude. No, but also that's just the kind of person I'm, I I don't, I don't like conflict to be honest. I just don't. I think it's, I think It's a beach washing dick sucker. Yeah. That's my fucking Guy. Right? That's so far away. But no, my health is, is is troubled. And it's, it's something I'd like to talk to. I'd like to really dive into health today. Yeah. You, yeah. You texted me. You said you've been to the cardiologist like 10 times. Everybody. What's going on with your heart? I don't know. I believe that it could be just related to my, my generalized anxiety disorder and high stress.


I, I, I tra as You know, I travel constantly. You need a massage. Happy ending. I don't like those. They give me anxiety On me. I'll give you, I'll give you 40 bucks cash. I don't, you take, you take a stroll two blocks On the street. I don't like the way that you said happy ending on you. It did. You put the two words next to each other and it just was not the right jux. I would do it for my boy. If you suck a dick for me, I would let you. Happy ending. Well, we used to talk about doing it to get somebody out of ransoms in it, You know, out of Yeah. Dick's Hostage, Dick Ransom guy. Is that it? Right. Dick Ran some guy Ran some guy. Yeah. I missed those days. Remember when the show was cracking? Dude, dude. Who had Sponsor? Dude. Well, I'll tell you what happens. I, for me at least, I've noticed, when you become domesticated, dude, you really gotta like, you really gotta like rethink some of the things you say and you can't like, go out and be like drinking and partying every night.


Yeah. Like, I'm a dude, I'm a father. Deadbeat dad. Yeah. I'm a deadbeat dad. It, it's, dude, like if I be, if I, I drink whiskey, like sometimes I'd just be like in this cabin drinking this whiskey in the middle of the woods and I'm like, shit, is this like, am I a deadbeat dad? No. You, no. But that's cool though. Are you enjoying it? It's fucking sick. It's Sick. See, I, I mentioned this on the Phantom Show, which either came out or comes out next week. I, I had, I, I really just, I Got off drugs, but I didn't start to fix the addiction issue. I know that about you. Okay. 'cause I, 'cause and I, and this, I'm gonna like, touch on stuff today.


And it's not gonna be for sympathy. It never is. 'cause I do this, all this stuff to myself as You know. So I need no sympathy. 'cause I can at any point just get a little disciplined and fix all of it. Yeah. But You have the, you have a condition. I have a condition. Yeah. I do. I really do. And, and it manifests itself through any outlet. It could be food, which it is. And it's like, it's like, dude, I'll go and I'll get this cholesterol test back. Right. And I'll be like, well that fucking does it dude. Like, I'm not playing with my life anymore and I'm eating buffalo chicken dip. Yeah. Like an hour later, bro. And at, at levels that are un they're unacceptable. Yeah. Levels of, of buffalo chicken and queso and just all of the wrong things. And it's, if it's not that, it's just, it's just, I don't know.


Dude. I love, I love cards. I love casinos. Yeah. But Mike, Mike, Buffalo, chicken's, awesome. Mike and so are cards. And even in many ways, casinos, as long as you keep playing and win. And, and that's the thing. I know you're being sarcastic, but it is also something that I'm, I'm, I'm also trying to layer in a little bit right now too, which is the aware, it, it life is weird. 'cause you, you, you should strive for discipline because discipline will will bring you far in life. Mm. If you can find discipline in your craft, if you can find discipline from a health standpoint, from a family standpoint, it will bring you far in life. Mm. But you also do need an overlapping layer of awareness of the human condition.


We, we, we truly are. Like the story I'm telling right now, it sounds crazy sitting here in this room, but like 90% of the people watching this are struggling with some form of addiction. 95%. Whether it's food, it's sex, it's drugs, it's, it's dopamine through social media. It's something like, we, so, so lately I've been trying to forgive myself a little bit more. And, and, and for me, especially like, bro, look at, look at the trajectory of my life. Like, I should never be hard on myself. Like I, I, In my opinion, you're like in bonus length. Yeah. Right now for Sure. Like, everything from here on out is a bonus. Yeah. Like, you have a lot of good things going on for you. There's a world where you could just chalk it all up. Right Now, I, I've been thinking about that a lot, Dude.


Like, go back to Connecticut. Get yourself a nice pizza. And a recliner. And a recliner. Yeah. Just shut it. Watch prices drop all Day day, dude. Next. Dude, it sounds great. It, it, addiction can manifest itself. And, and, and it overabundance in so many ways in life. But I've been dealing with these like, weird situations lately. I've been having a, a ton of like chest, chest pressure and, and like shortness of breath. Right. And so I've gone to, and, and this part's interesting because there's definitely gonna be a lot of people watching this that spend a lot of time late at night on Reddit and WebMD and I, I, I'm speaking for Oh, are You one of those? Not, yeah.


So is Nina, dude, I have, So is my sister Abby? Of course. Abby is you, dude, you gotta reel yourself in, man, that, like, you, you can convince yourself that you have an ailment and that you're gonna die tomorrow. Okay. If you read Too much about it. Okay. So there's so many different factors at play. Okay. For, for any of the people watching this. Somatic symptoms are real. Basically what that means is You, The mind is so powerful in, in such a disturbing way that it actually can manifest health symptoms, physical health symptoms within you. And so, like, this is not something that I'm dealing with For the first time ever.


Like the, I I, I ironically called my doctor at Mount Sinai here in New York. He got me plugged in with a cardiologist yesterday, one of the best in The world. I had no business being in this office. Like, he, he, he was like, Hey. And by the way, went in there, he was like, Hey, you're a pretty entertaining guy. Watch him your stuff when Abe sent, you're over. Oh, Nice. He, he's like, what are you doing here? You know, I looking at your records, I was, he, I was at Mount Sinai one year ago to the day, 'cause we're here shooting podcasts for the same issue. And every time, every place I've gone, it's always been, dude, you have an anxiety condition. You have a real diagnosable anxiety condition that you are not, not only not treating, but you're not helping by your actions, by what you're doing in life.


By staying up all night. By tra I'm on a flight number a hundred, 106 now for the year. Like, I am in no place. I live outta that bag. Yeah. I've packed and unpacked that bag 40 times in the past week. And so I think you have to, like, at some point you gotta take responsibility for yourself. You have to really look at the actions that you're making in your life and, and, and dr and really fucking draw the line and be like, dude, I'm not, I'm not gonna do this anymore. I haven't been able to do that yet. Yeah. When are you gonna do it? I don't know. Just, Just waiting, Bro. I also, it's also weird too because like, I, I feel like I've been given an opportunity to live a life that sa same as you that no one else gets to.


Not some, but no. Like such a small Yeah. And, and so like for me it's always been like, bro, I'm gonna, I'm gonna beat the brakes off this thing, bro. I'm gonna drive this thing into the fucking ground. And I don't know how I feel about that. But what, When you say this thing, what do you mean? Because like, in many ways that could mean you Yeah. Sell the body. It, that's what I mean. You gotta beat the brakes off your body. Just drive it into the ground. Where is your girlfriend in all of this? Like shouldn't she be She does. She brings me to church. She, she, she, I think she's like negatively impacted by it. 'cause she's a homebody. Of course she is. Mike s she, she, she doesn't want to, she doesn't want to. She doesn't wanna beat your no man, but Okay. Like sometimes she probably has to be. She She does.


But I, I can't stop. Like, I swear to you, I can't, bro. It's like every, there's always something going, going on. Can Can't stop What Exactly. Haiti cars Can't stop, won't stop line. They're called lineups. Whatever. Dude can't stop hitting lineups. Can't stop traveling. Like, it's like, what do I have coming up, bro? I'm, I leave in two hours for Basel. Okay. So this is what I'm Saying. And then I go to Saudi. I actually think this is good if you can get your addictions and your vices in line a little bit. Yeah. IE basically, bro, what I'm saying is you have to be a little more disciplined. Yeah. If you wanna still live the life No. That you wanna live. No. If you want us to live the life, the Life Hard stop and discipline, in my opinion is actually pretty fucking easy, bro.


Because it's only two things. Discipline is action and lack thereof. It's your ability to go do something, action or stop doing something. The lack of action. If you, if you can just like put it in like a zero and a one, some binary shit, perhaps it'll be easier for you to just, What is stop cold Turkey. This is an interesting topic right now. And, and, and could be a whole show, which is like choice versus disease. Yeah. It really is. It's such an, and I wish we had like huberman or like someone on right now someone that, that really understands like the physiological and, and mental side of it.


Because it's like, I Got addicted to drugs and there's a large swath of people out there who would say, well just like, don't do that. Which, which in a way makes sense. And in a way is shooing a massive other part of the vedy. Yeah, It totally Is. It, You know what I'm saying? So it it, it is, it's complicated, You know. But I think, but I think deep down, the idea of working on self and bettering of self will help you whether it's choice or disease. And, and so that means like learning about yourself, becoming aware of yourself, you know, therapy, physical health, like working out.


And that's, I I've always tried to do those things, but I definitely still am at the, I still do struggle a little bit. Yeah. 'cause I'm telling you, I guess this is kind of what I was saying on the other side of that, where like, I, I am living like a domesticated lifestyle right now. And like, I, I, I actually think this, I think what I'm about to say could be received wrong, but I like that you said it with so much lead up. Like you could change what you're about To say. Nope. I'm still gonna say it because it's how I feel. Yeah. And, and whatever. I've, I've shared so much of my life and I realized that even though I, I, I have this brand new kid. I have a daughter, like an actual family now, which I never thought would happen in my life.


Like ever. I thought I was gonna have to knock up some random girl and like Yeah. Like, or girls and have just like, kids like floating around. Yeah. Like Nick Cannon. No. Yeah. Like I Got a, like a happy, awesome, like really perfect family. Nuclear fan. Yeah. And, and life. But I, I I I, I didn't really take into account how important it is to me that I still pursue my own personal goals and, and, and endeavors. I, I, I kind of really thought like, like, I was like, oh yeah, once I have this family and I have this, this kid, I'll have this newfound purpose in life. And like, that will be everything that I live for. And while that's true, there's a lot I still like want to do and wanna accomplish.


And I'm, I'm okay saying that. But I, I realize that being at home and being that homebody and living that domesticated life, the life that's on the exact opposite side of the one you're living right now doesn't, doesn't fill me. It, it just doesn't. Like I gotta, I gotta be out there like doing stuff and being active at least until the point where I can like, develop a really deep relationship with my daughter. 'cause right now it's, I I, I'm, I'm kind of, I'm kind of like a support vehicle for my family. Yep. And it's like a position I'm not like really used to. I'm almost like, like at home sometimes. Like, like what do I do with my hands? And, and every time I hang out with my daughter, it feels like it's more for me.


Like, she's Just like, get off of me. Where's mom? No, no, no. She, IIII, I feel that she, I feel, I do feel that she like, loves me and is like starting to recognize me, but it more, it fills me up when I'm with her. And I'm, I'm not really sure like what it does for her Yet. Can I, can I tell you it's going to, at one point, I know this just from being around Abby and Jill and everybody, it's going to dramatically shift. I, I know To a point that Nina is going to be crying to that she's, that she, it's going to turn into dadda, dadda, where's dad at? Where's dad at? Because it's a girl father dynamic right now.


Sloan is in it with Jack. Abby does not get a Hello? Yeah. Like it is just Dad, dad, dad, dad. So like you, Two things, the difference between you and I is that you can survive it. You can survive the idea of being planted and I can't do it. Mm. I feel I don't know what it is. And, and I try, I've tried to stop looking at it as such a negative. I, I need to be meeting, touching, exploring, seeing all new all the time. I can't, I, the, the speed at which I get bored of something at, at a, at a nuclear A DHD level is instantaneous.


No, I know. I mean, it is so, it is so fast. It makes every aspect of my life very difficult. Yeah. I bought that house was like, dude, I, I, I've spent 10 days in that house. I've not, I don't ever, I've never for various reasons, but I just don't go there. Yeah. It makes a lot of the traditional things in my life. Very, very difficult. Because I almost in a way see a lot of like, bourdain in myself. He just wanted to just live. Mm. He just wanted to be out there. Mm. Exploring culture, exploring people, meeting people. I want to eat that food. I wanna see this thing, this new place just opened in Abu Dhabi and they've got this food and You know, now it's gonna be summer in Australia.


And it's like, I I, I was never supposed to do any of this, but I Now I just feel like I wanna do all of it all the time. Everything all the time, all at once. And it's just, and I, it, it feels almost hard for me to turn it off. What A privilege conversation. No, it's such a, the reason why we're even able to have it is because people know my backstory. Otherwise we would sound like two rich white kids talking about the most trivial shit, but which maybe we Are. Yeah. But also, also also, bro, like, I grew up extremely a like I wasn't for Sure with the fucking silver story. For Sure. For Sure. For Sure. And I, I hear comments like, oh, fucking wealthy, rich spooned, what the fuck are you talking about, bro?


My childhood was like, I, I worked harder than everyone, all of them To get Well, you can tell in your work ethic Now to get to Well, yeah. It's, it's transferred over. So I, in that sense, I, I, I feel okay, but we do have to acknowledge like how far we've come and how this is a privileged conversation. It This is, this is just a vehicle for the conversation, which is continued struggle with a part of life that you wanna change within yourself. Especially, especially seemingly FI think maybe for people watching, it's like, You know, like, bro, we, we did, we did do really well for ourselves. And I'm telling you like, there's still problems over here on this side. You know, Somebody will understand it similarly without it being in this exact vehicle.


Because there, there's, there's guys out there who feel like they are, they should have settled down already. Like we have a, we have a, we have a large male following. There's some girls watching shout out to those, to those wonderful ladies out there. But a lot of guys out there who may feel like, oh, I should have had a family by now, but I just want to do, I just want to do stuff. I wanna build with my hands. I want to go to this place. Or, or I wanna keep stacking money away so that I could buy a house. Or I wanted to spend more time with my family. Like this, the conversation's applicable outside of it being about travel and, and this type of stuff. You know what I'm saying? I, I think, I think, I think it's important to understand like, dude, if you're happy, like you've fucking won. You fucking won in life.


Like happiness is, is, is, is a journey. It shouldn't be a destination. And for me, something that has always helped my, my happiness is being goal oriented. Like, I, I so helpful. I I like chasing stuff. Yeah. I like, I like, like working towards something. It, it, it, it makes me feel full. And I think at this particular moment in time, I don't, I don't like really, like, have a, have a thing. I, I want to hit 20, 25, like, really, really hard. Yeah. And, and, and, and like, get back to that fiery version of me that I know exists. I wanted to ask you, like, given your condition, do you think there's ever a world where you, you check every box you traveled, all the places, you try all the Food.


That's, that's, my mom always asked me, And then you're like, all right, I'm good. Because it Was like that girls too. Yeah. Mom was like, dude, like, how long do you wanna just, there's always gonna be another model, Instagram, whatever. Right. And like, I feel like I've calmed down so much in that respect, but I just, I don't know. I think, I think once again, it has to, it comes down a lot to like working on yourself, understanding your purpose. Maybe a relationship with God, bro. Do You know who is fucking exceptional at that? Who's that? My brother Jake. Yeah. Dude, I just spent five days with my whole family. My mom, my dad, my brother. Yep. All the like, Nina's side of the family was with us. And I, I Got to feel what it's like to have a normal family life for the first time in like 20 years.


Yeah. Since we were all together like this. Yep. For five days in a row. It was, it was crazy. And I Got to see just like how, how Jake Paul works, by the way, after the biggest event of his life. And he's just, he's so, he's disciplined, bro. He's, he's taking time to do breath work and meditate alone in his room while everyone else is doing this stuff. He, he partied for like seven days and then he is like, yeah, I'm gonna stop drinking. And I'm like, bro, he's like figured something out at a young age and I still have not. So it's fun. It's funny that you bring him up because I feel like I'm in my Jake Paul crying on impulsive, ah, podcast, right.


Ah, I'm, I'm by the way, I'm, I'm fine. I just, I'm acknowledging some things, but the reason why I say that is because that was the, that was the turnaround point. It totally, do You know what I'm saying? Like, it's like, it's like it did all of this conversation is just like a, a, a symbolism for the people watching this, that these are the questions you should be asking. These are the questions you should be looking for answers to. These are the explorations you should be having within yourself and becoming aware of because they are the catalyst to great change. I mean, we had him on the show actually crying, like in a point to a point where I felt horrible for him. Yeah. I think the whole internet felt bad for him. Or a lot of it, at least, maybe not the commentary channels, but, but he was really having a tough time and you could see it.


And now look where he is. And if you draw a line between those two, you know, I think, I think before you can, they say step one is admitting you have a problem in the 12 steps, but really step one is becoming aware that you have a problem. I Agree. I totally agree. It's like step zero. I totally agree. You know, and, and, and, and he did that a while ago and he's, he's got a few like things that he, he lives by and has like, kind of always tried to live by that. I, I am seeing now the, the payoffs of them. One of which he would always say hard work beats talent. And in our early twenties, I just didn't agree. I was like, dude, if you're like a, if you're a singer, yo, I'm sorry, but like, if you're a good singer, like God fucking bless you, just go sing, go shut up and go make music.


Shut up And dribble. Yeah. Like, like, not, not even 'cause basketball, you have to work really hard. But if you just sound good when you sing, like, fuck you bro. Fuck you. I don't know. Unless you also Work. There's gotta be a ton of background work that goes into that. Well, Well that's why. Because it turns out hard work does be Yeah. You got you have to have both if you really want to make it. I used IU that was my old headspace. Now I'm like, Jake is Right. Another thing that he's lived by. And actually John Cena told me as well, randomly, I shot him a text on something and he told me this comparison is the thief of joy. Oh yeah. Yeah. For Sure. That's a big one. But I've never Really like, understood it. And I'm like, I still don't think I fully understand it, but it, it makes sense to me.


'cause I'm realizing something about myself. And that's like, I do, I do compare myself to people in the sense that I'm competitive and I use it as fuel to motivate me to do better, which has always worked for me. But I'm also wondering if like, maybe it is like the thief of joy. 'cause while I am reaching these pinnacles, am I like happy doing it? Like, am I doing this 'cause I, 'cause I found that motivation inside me, or did it come from an external source? Yeah. Also, does it matter? Like, I don't know, Like what the catalyst Yeah. Like chin moment. Yeah. Like, I don't know. Does well Take us out of it again is, which I, I'm happy you said that before because I'd like to do as much as possible, but like, dude, social media is, is is really messing a lot of people's like Yeah.


View of Yeah. Of The world and also of themselves. There's a lot of people out there who are doing really, really great. They, they, they are working at a great job. They ha maybe they have a 401k, maybe they've put enough money aside to buy a house so they could raise a family in it. And in any other era of this world, it would be considered an a success story and they should be very proud of themselves. But now because of social media, they go on, they sit in that recliner and they, and they ho hopefully not our conversation doesn't do it. And You know, maybe we have to adjust how we say shit, but I think we do a good enough job of it. But they see people on, on online and they're like, look at what this person is doing.


Like now everything that they've done, all the hard work that they've done to raise that family, to build that house, to, to get that 401k feels diminished, Bro. Lowkey, it kind of sucks. It's, it's, it's really bad. It's, You know what it Is? It iss demotivating. It's so, it caniving. Yeah. So it's like, it's like, yo, like bro, I'm telling you I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a successful person. I even have that feeling sometimes when I hang out with Mr. Beast. I swear bro something, he's one example. But like, I have that feeling where I'm like, what the, what am I do? Am I fucking Yeah. But I think the good, the good thing is because I'm, I'm compar I'm comparing myself to him and I'm like, wait, no. Like I'm, I'm, I'm good.


But I, I I see I can feel it sucking the joy. I do, Dude. Do you wanna, what do you wanna know what, where your issue is? There is because you do, you do this and, and everybody does this is this thing like, I would call like overall comparison. So You know how like somebody will say, so-and-so's a genius, genius used to mean you are ultra exceptional in one vertical is a, oh, that person's a genius piano player. That person's a genius mathematician. Very few people are a genius in multiple verticals. It's very freaking rare. Like you're, you're Elon Musk might just be a genius organizer of, of smart people who, who knows, right? Like everybody at that, at genius level.


So when you make a comparison, the reason why I don't, the reason why I don't struggle as much with comparison is because I know my strengths, my true strengths that that beat everyone else out. I like, I I'm not wor like, like working rooms, for example. Yep. From an energy standpoint, put me in a room against anyone. I don't care who they are, don't care. Put me in a room versus anyone. I'll know every single person walking out and every person in that room will be a guest on this podcast. So, but if I do an overall comparison to you, Now I'm in trouble on the money side. Now I'm in trouble on the family side, now I'm in trouble. So you need to find out what your individual fucking strengths are.


That is a great fucking note. Yeah. That is such a good note. And that's hard dude, for a lot of people to figure out for Sure. What they're really good at. But it's so important because like, even you just saying it right now, like Yeah, that's what I'm doing. And because I've been kind of like secluded, I I'm not getting to do the stuff I'm good at. Yeah. Like, bro, when I hopped in, when I the, the moment I put my fucking foot in a wrestling ring Yeah. Literally. I'm like, ah. Yeah. And everybody else saw too Motherfucker. I'm good. Dude. We, we were shooting that thing yesterday. I, this was goofy, but I put on that outfit and I was like, oh yeah.


My wrestling outfit. We, we were doing the shoot. Yeah. I put on my, my WW outfit and I, I hadn't, I haven't put it on in a couple months. And I felt good. Yeah. I felt that Hard. 'cause you were in, 'cause you were in your vertical. Yeah. And so the reason why that's been challenging for me, bringing this whole thing full circle is because It, It is, since my energy is my currency and how people just want me to be around. Yeah. I get invited Yeah. To everything. Yeah. So every suite, every Super Bowl, every F1, every trip, every people just want me around because I bring other energetic people with me. I bring the right vibe to the scenario. Now how do you monetize that? And more so fuck the monetization because I've already done that.


Everything I have all of this in my life is a result of that energy. The the vlogs, the, You know, the hosting gigs, this show, how do you find, how do you use it for impact, You know what I'm saying? And purpose. Because that's really gonna be the longevity. That's the longevity play. So that's kind of what I'm trying to figure it out. Yeah. That's a big boy question. That's a big boy. Well, I'm at that point, bro. I'm, I'm, I'm Well That's called your second mountain. No, it's called Turn. I'm that too, but I'm, I'm turn 40 January. Oh my God. It's real. It's happening. Oh my God. Yeah. 40-year-old Mike. Will I see you out at the club? I, I haven't been going as much lately. I don't enjoy it. But I can't say no to, I can't say no to to that question.


Yeah. The answer's probably no because I haven't been going as much. Oh. But dude, you get, I talk to Sarah about it sometimes. She's like, you don't get you, you're lying when you say you get networking done at the clubs. Nobody does that go out. I go, come with me tonight. Watch Phantom. Yeah. I I was with him at the club. Yep. We had created connection. Yeah. I'm not everybody else. No, I, I agree for you. That rule, bro. I literally work at Night. Yeah. You're always on. I work at night. I Got, I meet people, we get deals done. Like it really, really happens. It's part of the reason we're a good duo. 'cause I'm, I like don't like really fuck with any of that shit. Especially now that I'm married and, and, and and you are that like I'm outside And I, and I know if you're out there, like people, people love you.


Yeah. Yeah. People love you. The impractical joker guy. Oh yeah. Joe, You played, you played poker with Yeah. Was that the first time you met him? Yeah. On that table. Yeah. And Brian, he loved you. Yeah. On that table. It's the first time I ever had him. Yeah. And we hit it off and now they'll be on the show. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because of my meeting him in a delinquent scenario such as poker, you know what I'm saying? Like, it just, it, I don't know. People got vices, bro. What about aliens? I know you've been going Fred Durst tweeted at you. Yeah. And I know for you that might not mean as much, It, it meant enough to screenshot it and send it to you For everybody watching this that was alive and well during the Limp Bizkit era.


Dude. Like, you do not understand what that means. I The only reason that I kind of do is 'cause I saw what he did at Woodstock. Yes. That was crazy. Yes. Limp Bizkit was the biggest thing ever. Yeah. Like, like the biggest thing ever. Dude gotta have faith, like break stuff, like, just so many insane songs that define so many people's youth. And, and Fred Durst was the leader of all that I, in this weird fragile thing that we call fame. I don't know how he went from there to aliens, but evidently he's like super into fucking aliens. Dude. He's an artist. I'm an artist. We're weird people. Like we're not normal fucking humans.


Sounded like Trump a little bit, right? He's the fucking irony. Yeah. Nah, nah. He's into, he's into, he's probably into weird shit. So am I. Like it fascinates me. And he, he probably ask questions and if the questions don't have really obvious answers, in fact the answers that like don't exist and make no sense and make your questions seem ridiculous, that makes me wanna know the answer even More. Like this, for example. What the hell is going on in the skies? I I right. And the, and the conversation, I'll be honest with you, the conversation Is, it starts to bore me a little bit. I'll be fucking honest with you. What, what part of it? The U-A-P-U-F-O conversation because dude, my algorithm even on X now is feeding me so many U-F-O-U-A-P videos and I'm like one of the people that can look at something and go, hold on.


Is it, is that real? Like, I just don't know what to, I really don't know what to believe. But I will say the amount of like alleged sightings that are happening and, and all this like, conversation of disclosure that's coming out makes me think that we'll we'll probably see like one of the most significant changes in humanity in our lifetime. I hope that our species ever has. 'cause, 'cause 'cause dude, something is going on. Something is fucking going on and I'm not Okay. Not knowing how the fuck these orbs are just flying around the air faster than fighter jet. Wait, okay. So is that the main focus right now?


No. Is those, is those Those No, no. What's like the thing right now? Because keep in mind not to be a, not to be like a downplay of stuff. Yeah. But I will be, I will play devil's advocate as I have four, six, seven years on this podcast. What is different now versus the frenzy of the 1960s with the discs? Do you understand what I'm saying? Like what, what I, I I think the answer is what was originally, originally like a rumor and a story. And if someone would tell you that they saw flying sauce, you'd be like, oh, they're quack. Our own government now is going Yeah, these are real. And not only that, we've been hiding information from you guys for 70 years about crash retrievals biologics.


I I, I've seen some of it and every time I see it, the person explaining it ends up getting called into question from like a standpoint of like, who they seem a little weird or something like, so, So, so the whistleblower Who was the one who was the one guy that just did a big senate reveal, there was guy talking about biological collections. He like went off on it. The Lou El Elizondo was the most recent. But the guy you might be talking about, who is the most credible whistleblower that's come forward is called David Grush. I've spoken with him off Air. Yeah. And I've known pe I know people, I know people who I'm very close with who spend a lot of time with him. And like, this guy's basically as solid as a human being gets it sounds like.


And so like you have people like him coming forward and, and, and who, who who've like seen and, and, and heard and talked to the people who are like on firsthand onsite at Crash retrievals. The stuff is real. It it Is, it is technology that we, we, we don't know where it came from, what its energy source is and our government is trying to do some shit with it. And, and, and they know that, and members of Congress are trying to get to the bottom of it. 'cause it's not okay that it's being withheld from the US people. Unless of course this is another arms race and we have technology that may keep us the number one world power.


Well, and we don't want anyone to know About it. And that's a good question because we're entering this time right now where, where we've been before, but because of social media, it seems very loud where a large swath of the US public believes that the curtain should be pulled on everything that the US public should have access to every redacted classified file, top speaker file that has ever existed. You know, and that's, it's a good question. What what comes out of that? Like what is, what is Danny and, and Biloxi or, or Timmy in Tuscaloosa gonna do with the 72 page dossier on dark matter.


So, so, and, and that that's, that's more important than what we could do to defend ourselves from Russia. This do You, this is the, You know what what I'm saying? And in that, in that way, if that is the case, and this is an arms race and we are reverse engineering technology and we have figured it out and We can like fly these crafts around at, at, at speeds that apply physics. Yeah. And, and, and, and it, it is benefiting the United States. Like how can I go? We want disclosure. Like, I don't know, like what if it's keeping us in a favorable position when it comes to where we rank in terms of world power. Like that that's, it's It's, it's an this is all huge thing right Now. I can Yeah. Like such a huge thing. Like, did you see the guy that they tapped for?


Is it head of Department of Defense or head of Department of Justice? I can't remember the Indian guy. I can't remember. But he has Patel, they have the picture of him with a crazy look, I think it's Patel. He, and he's, He's on this thing like calling Cash Patel Cast. Yeah. Castel. And he's calling for like, You know, day one we want JFK. Yeah. We want, You know, like Watergate. We want Vietnam War. Like It's excellent. But what I'm saying is this. But, but say, say, say Trump. Say Trump. Literally, no. Say Trump looks at this document, right? And he goes, oh fuck, this is much bigger than I expected. Yeah. Like This is bigger Than Pandora's box. Pandora's box.


Yeah. And it's like, okay, fuck this, fuck this. We will worry about that later. Yeah. Like, it, it, it very well may be a scenario with whatever the fuck this is. Like, whatever is whatever entity or thing is challenging the fabric of our reality may be too big for us to even comprehend or try to dissect Such a weird bro. It, we, you have to understand like the, the importance of the moment that we were in that I, this is such a ridiculous like, comparison, but do you remember when the adult space started to merge with mainstream and with social media?


Yes. Yeah. And we were like, whoa, dude, like this is crazy. Like, like these people are now becoming normal humans. Like this is fucking nuts right now. Right now the government is merging with like, with like social media and entertainment. Yeah. Yeah. It totally is. It's yeah, it is. It's crazy. Like, Like you could technically crowdsource decision making through Twitter nowadays. Well, let's like shoot now with Elon. Hey, We got enough people here that really wanna know like, what's the strategic battle plan for this next battle between fucking Gaza? And You know, like, we demand that information. Like Yeah.


What are you gonna do with it? Yeah, Yeah. Wait, yeah. Hey, what are you doing in Mississippi with the data? Yeah. What are you doing? What are you fucking playing? Yeah. Like if, if someone told you right now that there was a CIA plot to kill Kennedy in fucking, What is it, 69 or whatever the fuck he was and these guys were put there, You know, it was a fricking whatever it was the mafia who, what are you do with it? Yeah. What's your plan? Just you wanna know why they want it, because they want to talk about it. You wanna feed your c curiosity. Yeah. You wanna is what You wanna know. You wanna Know, like, Alex Jones has new content for 20 years. Oh my god. Do you Know what I'm saying? But otherwise it's like, so yes. I guess the way you're saying it is correct. It's like if there's if, and this, and by the way, this isn't dramatically different from the way it's always been.


I think we've, I we've aired on those side of caution with classified files more than we probably will in the future. But as long as it doesn't hurt future facing endeavors of the nation, then the stuff being declassified shouldn't be a problem. I I But that line gets blurry, Dude. Yeah. I think the, I think the proponents of like full disclosure, no matter what would tell you that as a person, a homo sapien as a people, the idea that a, a government is gatekeeping information could be troubling.


Like, like, like there are people as well, who are they to have any domain over the right to certain knowledge about the same world that I'm living in. Is you? Yep. Okay. I'm you thinking, Thinking like, I don't know. Like, but it it, it is like, like, like think about it Mike. We're we're, we're controlled by government. The United States government like makes rules and we follow them. And, and, and that's that, You know, and that's how it's always been. And if they don't like something, they'll create a new organization to deal with it. Which is why Elon made Doge. 'cause there are more government organizations than there are years that the United States government has been around.


Like, So why not create another? So why not create another one? Well, I mean essentially like, so why not create another one well up until And call it Doge and name it after a small fucking dog that just so happens to be a cryptocurrency. Yeah. Well that's the, that's the what? Yeah. But that's the irony. That's the irony of it all. Like, like, okay, maybe, maybe, and I'm just, I'm being optimistic. Maybe this is like really the turning point in humanity, or at least the United, United States where We can trim back a little bit, focus more on the people and become an efficient government by the people. The idea that the, the government has gotten out of control spending power E-T-C-E-T-C is 100% accurate.


There's no fucking question about that. Yeah. The the the coverups, the scandals the bigger than the law. Yeah. That's all true. Yep. When you, I i I, my curiosity will be, and this is not a fencing scenario, it's just me being curious is how far can you push towards an anarchist style or, or a old style of civilian law handling before you lose function and scalability. Yeah. Because, because that same government that is now pissing every one off is the reason why we're luxurious enough to be pissed off by the government. I agree.


Do you understand what I'm saying? I totally agree too. We scaled because of that government in many Ways, humans in en mass might need to be governed. Please, Please. Maybe these aren't the right people that we have in there. Yeah. Maybe they're not. Maybe we need to peel it back. But we certainly need someone helping. I don't disagree. Someone's gotta leave. This shit's hard. Life's life's hard dude. And we're animals by the way. We are animals. Back to the kid. Have this child Now, I don't know how our ancestors raised anybody. Yeah. In caves. Yeah. How the fuck did people, 10,020 thou th 300,000 years ago, homo sapiens have been around? How did you raise a baby in this cold?


Hard? Yeah. Like atti at times, insufferable planet at certain par in certain parts of The world, dude. Like natural disasters, famine, disease. Like I just, the amount of the amount of humans that must have died, like throughout the history of our species is gotta be astronomic, bro. Watch, watch shit is hard. You have to go sometime and look at the boat that came over the, the Mayflower. It's one of them is also the Nina. The, no, Not those one. Yeah. Mayflower. The Mayflower. Mayflower was the one that brought over the, the S originally. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Look at the manifest of the Mayflower. They have the actual people and they represent, there's a, the picture for this, like a illustration of sorts.


Yeah. Where they represent the people that came over and it's like fa like this family's father son, two daughters and a okay. A grandfa. By year one, 80 fucking percent of the people were dead. No way. There was out of like 80 intact families, there was two fully intact. Fa every family was either missing a mom, a dad, two kids, like all the dogs. Like, ah. Like you have to see the illustration. Like, dude, typhoid fucking malaria by the way, not to get into a weird place again. But a lot of things that we created vaccines for that now don't affect us because there's vaccines which now are being called back into question because of how badly covid was handled.


Pendulum. Pendulum. It's gonna be ver I'm very curious. And at scale, we really won't see how this all ends because we'll die. Like whe what it really leads to, I think we'll see some stuff, but I think the next four years are like, whether you're left or right. What's happening right now can only be looked at as an experiment. It doesn't matter who you, who you, it doesn't matter if you love Trump or hate Trump or his team or hate his team. This will be the greatest governmental experience experiment that's ever happened. I'm So fucking down. Oh no, me too. I'm down. But I also don't, I also don't have KI have nothing. I have nothing to live for. So I'm Roll the fucking dice bro. Roll the dice. A a mean RFK Dude.


I went and did that round table with Bobby. I'll work with them. I'll do anything. Dude, I'm down a fucking, I'm down a double down. Yeah. Roll the fucking, Let's, nice. Let's go, Let's go. But I mean, some people may not have that t thought process. Well, Whatever bro. Yolo My, You know what I say, it's the worst that could happen. What's the worst that could happen Two months later? Nah, nah, it's gonna be great, bro. Be shit. It's gonna be something. It's gonna be something. Yeah. No matter how you cut it, bro. It's gonna be something dude like, and I, Dude Francis and Gnu said that he'd only fight Jake Paul if I was locked in the cage with him as well. Okay.


Yeah. That's crazy. What The fuck does he think is gonna happen if my brother are a why? Did say, why did you say motherfucker, I'll kill you to Mike Tyson. Oh yeah. I really think I would. It was me, you, I You always, you always find a way. You always find a way. But it's Not me. Fuck shit up, bro. Bro, everybody was so Mike Tyson in that night became the greatest. He, he surpassed Trump for like one, everybody was obsessed with him. Yeah. He, 'cause his speech was all like, I just wanted to do something good for my kids. Yeah. Like he was the sweetest man. I didn't hear any of that.


Well, paw I didn't hear any of that. And then he makes one little sneaky little thing towards you. But because what did I do? What did I do? I'm just standing there he is like, man, I think he just, I think he was just like, fooling with you. I didn't know that. And like, I just, I don't know. Like I really, if he would dude, like, I really think I would kill Him. Were you drinking? Of course. Smoking. No, but, but I heard that clip and I was like, fuck, Bro. It's not like I find the way, Mike, it's just me. I'm an asshole. I'm an asshole sometimes. And, and I like, I just thought I was an innocent bystander. And then like, dude, here's an, he is a man. Yeah. It's Uncle Mike. I love Uncle Mike. But like, bro, I'll kill you, Mike, I'll kill you.


And I don't wanna do that. Well, no, I I shouldn't have said motherfucker. That was mean. That's where you got No, that's where you got screwed. That was mean, bro. That's, you got screwed. But, but, but yo here like, here's the, here's the, like I don't give a fuck. Like what? What's good? No, but what's You wanna fight me? Cool. How do you think that's gonna end? Dog? Mike's not fighting. Anybody else, dude, please. You guys gotta stop, stop fighting Mike Tyson, please. I'm serious. Stop fucking doing it, dude. We're not, we're not. What's the address here? Three 20. I'm, I'm that close. But no, continue. I would just say, You know, that, that, that that fight that Jake did surpassed every single combat record. Like ever insane. Even even Even gambling. Gambling. I know four times they said that the next closest Not even close.


I don't think, I don't think any event will even eclipse the viewership and attention that Jake Paul, Mike Tyson got. No, it was massive. It was, it was, it was, it was wonderful. And it had to Have been historic and it had to have been massive for Serrano as well. Yeah, probably Because, because that fight was incredible. Like that's, that's the thing that's messed up about is like the Tyson Jake Paul fight was not the fight of the evening. No. By any means. No, not, not to take anything away from it, You know? And I, and I was very, and Jake was very respectful to Mike in the ring and, and You know, yeah, it was, it was, it was a, it was cool. But what, sorry, I may have missed it, but what, what's Jake doing now? What's his plan now? He's got, he's got a plan.


I, I'm, I'm gonna let him do that. Oh, I didn't know if he did it on the show. He didn't talk about it all. Nah, I mean, he, he, he's just hanging out at the moment, You know? He is. Would He fight Tommy Fury again? Tommy won't fight Jake. Really? Oh, why? Because Jake's improved since they Yeah. So much since he fought. Yeah. I, I, I am, I was surprised when Tommy scraped away with that one point split decision w last time. I feel like that's the, to fight Jake one. I feel like that's the one like sore spot in, In, In Jake's like armor, Dude. Maybe, maybe for five seconds, but I I, oh yeah, it's fine. I, I genuinely believe this. He doesn't give a fuck, dude.


Like, look at, look at what he just did. He doesn't give a fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Granted, if Tommy's man enough one day and he wants to fight Jake again, which, You know, for the right amount of money, maybe he will do it. That would be awesome. And I know Jake would like that opportunity, but like, he doesn't need it. And, and, and for Tommy Fury, a man in a boxing family, to act like him beating a YouTuber in a split decision by one point, is any sort of massive victory is just pathetic to me. And if, and if he were actually about it and wanted to prove that he is the real boxer, he'd fight Jake again. Why doesn't he want to see also what you just said right there? I i, I will say this.


You can't interchange Jake as a boxer and a YouTuber forsake of whatever direction you're trying to go. I, I, that's, You know what I'm saying? That was, that was, that was because Either it's A box was Tommy's going in? It's like You YouTuber got made on The real boxer. Got it. They always say that. They, by the way, it's the same. It's you sound the same as the last guy. Yeah. Same with me. I'm a real fighter. Oh yeah. Cool, bro. How'd that turn out for you guy? He just said you would beat Mike Tyson. Not, not beat bro. Oh, kill him. I don't want to do that. He needs, since he, Mike, I just want Mike to just chill out for a while. Dude, Mike's, I don't want him to fight anyone. Mike Mike's Amazing. I I couldn't believe he took the Jake fight. Also, I, I'm, I'm debating saying this, but I'm gonna say it.


Whatever, dude. I can't believe how many people thought Mike Tyson would win that fight. The, the most amount of money, like ever lost on somebody in sports. It's Mike Tyson. I get it, bro. I I didn't, I didn't bet on it. I, bro, Mike threw, I'm gonna be honest, Mike threw some punches in that fight early on. Two round two round three I think it was. That looked like they potentially could be p powerful punch. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Some of 'em. Miss Jake's head. No, that's what I'm saying. That's, I'm saying I don't think it's, I don't think it's dramatically unreasonable to, to live in a world where he connects on one of those punches and it really does powerful things If you don't know anything about fighting. Absolutely. And you want to believe in Mike Tyson. Absolutely. But almost only counts in hand, hand grenades and horseshoes. And so Mike Tyson does have hand grenade in, Well, you, oh, once again, you always say, you always say one lucky punch.


Yeah. Could it could Have happened. It's, I finished. Yeah, I could, I could see that on it. But it, it didn't, and like, that, that just wasn't Jake's destiny. It just wasn't. Who knows what, who knows what anyone's destiny is. It'll be interesting to see how this all plays out. But one thing's for Sure, Logan, I really do enjoy doing this podcast, and I would like for it to continue. You Me too. Mike. Can I have the, I'm gonna have these, can I have that lunch, Lee? Yeah. Nacho nachos. Yeah, Nachos. All right. I'm gonna go just, I'm going to, where you going? I, I, 'cause I was looking at some, where you going Mike? I'm going to Miami for Art Basel, but not to, I'm not gonna go out past 7:00 PM Whoa. Yeah.


Got 'em. Yo, thanks so much for joining us for another episode of the number one podcast in The world. Please, if you're watching this, don't even hit the subscribe button. Don't hit the like button. Go say something nice to yourself. Really. I'm not even kidding. Like, think about something that you like about yourself, that you like, about your life, that you, you're grateful for right now. And say that to yourself right now. Please. That would make me and Logan very happy. I'm The shit. Thank you guys for watching this episode of Impulsive. We love you. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Peace.