
It's Abby from Love On the Spectrum. Do you like being famous? I Do because I wanna make more money. Get the bag. Abby, I thought your song to David was amazing. So I wrote some lyrics about my friend Mike. I was kind of nervous to meet someone old and I was really glad when you got off of parole. Do you have any other nicknames for her besides Sweet Cakes? I guess that's the only nickname I have for her. Do you mind if he starts calling me Sweet Cakes? Very funny. I've gotta take one of each lunch bowl over inside the, It's lunchie. I could see the confusion, but we're a much better product, in my opinion. 11 grams of protein. You're gosh dang right. Speaking of getting engaged, is that on the agenda for you two? Eventually.


Let's go. This is so Exciting. Okay. Do you like how that sounds? Yes. Oh, amazing. Let's, let's Go. Split Her. Flip it. Less distractions. Yep. I like the headphones. We can hear each other and Mike takes a breath. Or on the opposite end doesn't stop talking. We all know to just let him go does happen. Ben, Christie and Abby. Christine. Not Christine. This guy over here. Get 'em outta here. I'm so sorry, Christine. I know there's not a lot of women in here, just just you and me, but We make up for a whole party of women, don't we? Yeah. You, you guys are a representation of the whole. Yes, Exactly. I'm so sorry, Christine. No, it's all right. You can call me Jade. 'cause I, This is an old Memory because my preschool teacher, Ms.


Beverly, and she made me line up with the boys. Okay. Why? Why? We weren't gonna get into this, but, Well, I'm just letting You know because that's what that brings. And that made me feel like a fish out of water. Yeah. You've been, you've been misgendered. Okay. Do you wanna tell 'em the whole story? Yes. Now that you brought it up. Let's do it Together. Let's tell the whole story. Do you want me to help you? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll make a long story short. I made a long story short. That's an idiom. That's good. When you were four, I went to A preschool. One of my friends who went there is now in medical school and got engaged. Congrats. That person Got engaged. Amazing. I Got engaged in med school.


That's amazing. Crazy That she's gonna be getting married Soon. She is. But what happened there that sticks in your mind 'cause of your memory? My preschool teacher, miss Beverly, this is what she made me do. She had all the girls line up then all the boys, and then she made me line up at the end of the line with the boys. Yeah. I say we canceled her. Yeah. Oh, she got canceled all right. Day One day she was out sick and I told the assistant teacher, Zoya, I belong with the girls. So I Got walked out of line with my aide and went to the walk to the end of the girl line with my aide. Heck yeah. Heck yeah. She did. As you she took it into your own hands. She did. I was shocked. 'cause she didn't have a lot of language then to, for me to understand what was going on.


And I found out this was happening and this teacher was, You know, it was hard for us. She didn't understand Autism and neither did I really, 'cause she was really young at the time. I was gonna say, had she been officially diagnosed at that Point? Yes. Yep. And interesting. She had a, she had an aide and helpers and stuff like that. But it, it was really hard because Abby thinks in memories. This is part, I'm like AAL learner and I'm even in the therapy right now. And part of that is this memory thing. So the memory of that isolation has stuck with her as a way to access her whole life. Interesting. Being separated, being at the end of the line, feeling like you didn't fit in, was maximized by that physical action. And that's why I associated girls as good and boys as bad.


I think that's generally correct. Well, Not all guys are bad. It depends, not David. Yeah, it depends. Not all Those are good. It depends on the person. Yes. It's all, it's all circum substantial. So it would be Boring if we were all the same. It would it Would be boring. Exactly. That's like people in Sacramento, for example. Anyways, can I, can I, maybe, can I maybe make a suggestion? Something I kind of heard from that story and, and what was kind of became maybe a traumatic experience or memory for Abby and how she like processes and thinks about things. The best part of that story was at the end of the day, you took life into your own hands and you went into the line and became who you were supposed to be. Yeah. So while it started off with isolation, it was you even at a young age doing what you wanted to do.


Yeah. In life. Which I think is really cool. And maybe that's a different way to think about It. When I heard the story, I was like bawling because I couldn't believe that she was able to advocate even then, even though the language wasn't expressed to me or the outside world. She had enough sort of self-awareness to take charge. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. And that's what she's done Now. I'm her plus one for everything I become. You guys are the plus two today. Yeah. I I normally do an intro for our guests. I think we should, I think we should do it because I'm just, I'm really excited to have you here. Abby, man, we got the star from the greatest show on television to my right. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Abby from Love On the Spectrum.


Woo. Is is David coming at? Yes. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Very cool. So this is Mike. He's my best friend. Hey, co-host. Hey big brothers. How you're doing? Nice to meet you, Mike. I was gonna ask you about that experience a little bit, I guess both of you guys, because really for anybody to experience something like that, that could be considered like a trauma at early age, it, it, it sticks with anybody that, that feeling of exclusion or, You know, not being worthy. Christina, have you noticed that for someone that is on the spectrum, that that experience is even more traumatic? I think some people on the spectrum have this incredible memory that a neurotypical person doesn't have.


Their memories are so intense and they pop in their heads randomly. Sometimes it's a trigger. Abby, remember the show. This Is Us. Yes. What Can you tell us about speaking? There was a show called This Is Us, and when you watch the show, you're gonna see flashbacks from when they were babies to toddlers, to children, to teenagers. Hmm. Is that kind of how, That's how my mind works. Like there, I think about myself in flashbacks from when I was in preschool, elementary school, middle school, and even high school. How much, how much of your day is spent thinking about stuff from the past versus now? It's like a flashback. Like what happens in this is Us? Like if I talk about second grade or third grade or even you Grade, you see it vividly in your mind.


Yeah. Like a movie playing. I always give this example. So you go see it Mission Impossible and you're in it for two hours. Right. You come out of the theater jacked up, like you come in kinda like, You know what I mean? You, you're still in the movie head of just having seen that There's like an energy takes you a couple minutes to adjust. I think it happens to her all the time throughout the day based on whatever memory comes in. It's so vivid. It's like a movie playing. So it takes her out of what's happening right here. So do you have a, do you have a neurological rationale for that? Is it, is there, what, what from a scientific standpoint is underdeveloped and what is overactive in the autistic mind that that causes something like that to happen?


I think some people, what I've learned on TikTok I know, I know. But You like TikTok. Listen, I thought they were selling me a bowl of goods. I hear about this Gestalt language processor and I was like, here we go. Another therapy. I mean I was really like on the fence, but I really put my ego away and said, let's hear what this is. And I started thinking, I was like, yeah, this is what it is. So it's a aspect of language development in Autism, I think. And I think Abby really falls into that. Abby, why don't you tell us about what you've learned about your gestalt language stuff? My gestalt language. I'm learning something like a visual dictionary. Like my Gestalt teacher, Ryan, I mean, she's like my new speech therapist.


She does ai, which stands for artificial intelligence. Yep. And what she puts the categories of bad and the feeling words next to it or even the good categories together and the feeling words next to it. And even she puts the inside out characters of each emotion of how I feel. It's amazing. I Love that. Right? Because Abby, remember what the, what is the gestalt thing you think in memories and you speak in categories and memories and Well, I, You know what I should do? I have to think it. Don't say it. Well. Just like one time my mom showed me this homeless man talking to himself and she was trying to show me how it looked. People were staring at him. So Abby sometimes will speak those memories out loud, which is okay, but if you're in a public place, I wanted her to just see what it would look like.


I didn't know if that was the right thing or do or not. 'cause I, You know, as a parent you don't know what to do. Yeah. You're just trying to help your kid. And I knew that that particularly, like he couldn't help it. So we were very clear that we had to have compassion for him. And we weren't looking at him. We were looking at the other people so we could see their reactions. Yeah. 'cause they were either scared or they were confused or they didn't know. So I just wanted her, because I think people with Autism sometimes don't understand what it looks like from someone else's perspective. I think first off, you're an amazing mom as well. Thank you. Even on the show, you just agreed, you come across so great. I'm sure you can attest. Yeah. You, you are also Amazing brother here, Equally the star. I can, I can, I can imagine. And the way, the way you just like, talk about this and, and, and the show in general.


Part of the reason I love it is 'cause it helps the viewers understand the complexities of Autism. And it's like, it's just really fascinating to learn about I think. I think think it. Don't say it. Am I I'm I'm you're, I'm rambling. Sorry. I was, I was rambling. I, I think, think and don't say it is maybe some good advice that I could have used, You know, in my life along the way. Same maybe Mike as well. Yeah, for Sure. I I wanna ask you about something so great. So great Abby. You sang a love song to David. I did. And it went crazy viral. Yes. And it was so good.


Thank you. People are praising how good of a songwriter you are. Where does this ability come from? Who helps you? Ab My cousin Mary, her college roommate Casey helped me. Really? Casey Kelly is very, she's like My composer. Well, she's your co-writer. You guys do it together. We Do it together. Was do you like write songs? Yeah, she's written her own songs. I've written mine. Let me tell you my favorite lyric. I know sometimes I'm in my head, but when I'm with you, I'm in The world instead. Wow. Dude. It That's incredible. Everyone watching that was like, what the, I Got gooses watching. I'm like, oh my God.


That's amazing. We All get goosebumps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well in special, special moments that make you feel, and you made me feel with that song, I felt the love between you and David. Yeah. It was really amazing because he, he does have different aspects to his Autism. Even though they have a ton of special interests. There are certain things that Abby has that he tries to be patient with. He's still learning about. You know, he, he's doesn't have some of those same struggles. Abby, what does David have that you don't have Ces? Yeah, he associates numbers as colors. It's fascinating. Very fascinating. Does anyone say David Play the Simon game with the colors that light up? Is any He's got a really high score. Really? It's bonkers. Whoa. Because he, it's 'cause of a synesthesia.


Right. So what does he do? He is sell. Tell us about his, He counts in colors. He said, he goes, whenever he, the color lights up, he says the number of it, like when the blue lights up, he'll say four. And when the green light up, he'll say five. And when the red light up, he'll say two. And when the yellow lights up, he'll say three. So that's easier than call. If you think about it like memorizing a long string of numbers, that's just how his mind works. Is may be easier than long than memorizing a long string of colors. Does that make sense? So for Simon, yeah. If, if it's four, five, three, four, five, six, seven, a phone number for example, you might do a better job than all the colors. Yeah. Interesting. You say colors. So when he is playing it, he's going 5, 5, 6, 6, 3, 2, 1, 4, 8, 7, 9.


It's like the string of numbers. I Got four. That's where I'm at. I Got, I Got four followers. I's about out Through. But you like know them at this point, right? He's taught you. 'cause I I saw you like reciting it on, on the show. You guys have learned a lot about each other. I'm sure. What else did you memorize of David Abby. I memorized all his stuffed animals named after his favorite foods. African stuffed animals like s'mores, the lion spaghetti, the graf cheese pizza, the crocodile and cotton candy. The flamingo french fry, the feic fox Cheetos, the cheetah cake butter don't have the spotted hyena. And This is impressive. Yeah, All those animals. And even hamburger, the hippopotamus popcorn, the rhinoceros lollipop, the zebra Oreo, the elephants.


This is amazing. I I have a question. And chicken nugget, the ostrich. I love chicken nuggets and ostriches and the size of their eggs. So big. They're huge. Really? What, I have a question, maybe it's good to ask before David gets here. What happens to the stuffed animals when you guys get married? Oh no. He even makes my stuffed animals talk like this. I love You. I love you. I love you. And he even makes laugh when I like this. Oh, stop it. I be the trickle. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. Man. You guys have so much fun together. It's amazing. Thank you. Mike. Mike used to be in a relationship. Yeah, I was at one point. Christine, can I ask you a question?


I think a lot of people look at being on the spectrum kind of as a, as a, as a disability. And I, I, I can understand that obviously. And, and and and see that. But with, with these special talents, are there certain roles in The world that you see people on the spectrum being better at than the average person? Like for example, if I wanted to hire Abby to come, I don't know, count cards with me at the casino for example. What are some things like that that maybe Okay, so they would be better at than, than the non afflicted or non, I don't know. Sorry. That's fine. I don't have any offense to how people Yeah, I, sorry, I don't know.


No, it's totally cool because it's great you're asking, I mean that's the main thing. When she was younger I used to say, You know, these kids with Autism, the kind of Autism she has, let's clarify that. 'cause Autism is so different person to person and there's no other way to describe it. I'd say, gosh, she shouldn't work for the FBI. They should put her like in a tower. That's what I'm kind of getting At, looking for the enemy. When you can't use radar when the grid goes down because the attention to detail is insane. The visual is insane. We were at a kid's party once and Abby's looking up on the sky. She's about how old you six? Seven seven. And I saw eagle, she in in, in the valley.


There's a bald eagle up there. And everyone's like, oh, come on. It was like no one saw anything and just poo-pooed it. And one parent kept looking to see and about about 45 seconds later, that's a long time. Yeah. All of a sudden this bald eagle appeared and sure enough no one could see it except her. And no one believed her until that one dad kept looking. You see that splinter skill there, it's like, how do you even do that? Is There, is there an organization that helps place people on the spectrum into, into environments like that? I, I I'm sorry. I'm super fascinated and interested in this. In as, as this continues to build out. Obviously society has gotten so obsessed with the show and with Abby and there's been such a movement to, to support this, the community that is on the spectrum over the past like 20, I would say years.


But is there an organization that helps place people with these special skills into jobs or it Really, it really depends on the skills. The issue I personally have is that the diagnostic language we used changed in 2013. We used to have something called Asperger's. Asperger's identified a population of people that usually didn't have a speech delay. Like they could, they didn't necessarily need 20 years of speech therapy to really converse and learn pragmatic language. Those Asperger people, many of them are scientists, engineers, You know, write on smart, amazing people that don't really like social skills. It's just not their bag. Hey, and Speaking of Asperger's, I used to say I don't have Autism. I have Asperger's. 'cause I, because I wish I didn't have a speech delay and I wished I was also Jewish.


Go Dylan's Jewish. If I had no speech delay, I would probably be celebrating Hanukkah lighting eight candles a night. Yeah. Yeah. I'm 7% Jewish. I'm only 1% Jewish. That counts. Counts. Christina and, and Ben is my boyfriend's Jewish. Oh, amazing. David's Jewish. Yeah. Yeah. Ben, you gotta answer this too. Both, both of you guys. How, how hard Is it to, how funny has it been? I can't even imagine. There's like, I cannot even imagine how amazing the stuff that comes out of her mouth is. There's, there's some pretty ob there's some pretty blunt observations that are made. It's like everything you think is just said, You know?


Yeah. That's kinda how it is. So there's some things not offensive, but like observant. I don't know if I should even, there's that, remember the, which one? The one with her ta. You got a call from her school. I'm gonna say it. It's funny. It's funny. Which ta Can you move the mic a little closer? Yeah. Who are you talking about? Mom, You had, you had this one, you had this one assistant in school, I think you were in maybe high school or like late middle school or something. And we got a call home saying something about like, You know, Abby, there was, there was like a thing that happened at school and I just remember the, the incident was that Abby was getting really frustrated because she was fidgeting. You were fidgeting with something I think at school. And your TA came over. Your aide came over and said, Hey, can you stop fidgeting? I don't Even remember this. You got no, you'll remember it when I say it.


You got annoyed. And you said, okay, African American woman. Oh, That's what you said. Not offensive. That's not like it's Speaking of insult. It's just an observation. Speaking of insults, one time I was in New York City and going into Times Square. Oh yeah. Almost two years ago. And there was this guy on a bike who almost got run over and he goes, fuck you asshole. That guy on the bike, that One stuck. Yeah. You'll hear a lot of things like that in New York. Yeah. 'cause he almost got run over it. And guess what took place in New York? Sesame Street. I love Sesame Street and the Cookie Monster as well. Oh, cookies. I know. Yep, yep, yep. I love Cookie Monster. It's Great.


Comedy's another interesting angle and aspect. Have there been any comedians that have been on the spectrum? I mean it's like, there's A, the, the population now, because there's a couple of things. There's Autism, Autism awareness, social media, TikTok, the show, there's a lot of expansion of understanding, hey, what's going on with these people? Not everyone's a sit down, be quiet learner from the blackboard. There's all these variations of our neurology that are being identified, which is a great, great thing. But for us, having differences that impact your daily life, we needed interventions and services. Do You know what I mean? So those Asperger people I was mentioning before, which you can't say anymore, which are now part of the same population as her. They have these like level one, two, and three.


It's kind of like if you, if a non-speaking or nonverbal, you're profoundly autistic or level three. But if you're an engineer and you have internal struggles, you kind of have the same diagnosis. And that's really hard to figure out. So then you say, yeah, I see comedians all the time going, I just found out I was on the spectrum. And yeah, I mean I knew I was weird as a kid and there really was something going on for that person. I truly believe that. And I'm so grateful that they have a chance to identify, but it's zero crossover to what she has and what we've done. Got it. And that's why I think some of us feel like we're being silenced or erased or like, our stories are invalid because we need to advocate. Abby needs a little guidance, a little prompting here and there. She's a rockstar.


For you guys, 22 years of speech therapy. I mean this was a lifelong thing when you were little. Like what was it like when you were little? You had, Well it was, You know, therapists in and outta the house and You know, things going on at school too. So it was like, it was more of a, it was more of a, not just like, Abby might have trouble focusing on certain things here and there. It was More like, there's like legitimate professionals coming in to like help out, you know, so it was like, was nonstop. It was a little different. You know what I mean? So there was definitely, it was like something, something was definitely there, you know? I mean it was hard for me to understand when I was, You know, Four, he was a, i a little kid, but therapy rooms and like clipboards and tantrums and meltdowns. He kind of, Did I ever have a tantrum mean all kids had tan, I had tantrums, But, You know. Yeah. I remember one time you said, I don't wanna go to Disneyland.


Disneyland's for babies. You said that once. Yeah, I did. I was like nine years old, I think. So why did you say Disney Tony, by the way? Why'd you say disneyland's for babies? I don't know. I don't know. I was going through it. Who's crashing Now? I don know. Yeah. What was, what was that like for you guys? Mom, brother, You know, being around it in school. Did you, did you deal with Bullying at all? Did you have to protect her at times? And, and, and what was that Christine? What was the adjustment process like for you as well? When, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll start with me then you have to tell somebody more. 'cause his perspective is so different than mine. But I remember in first grade, Abby was mainstream into a regular school. This is a thing in Autism. Do you send 'em to a special school? They're in special ed or they mainstreamed if they have great language and they're interacting enough and they're really able to comprehend Sure.


Try mainstreaming. It didn't work for us. Abby was just not able to like, grasp it. So in that, in between, I was trying to like schmooze. So I was in the playground yard with the other kids her age, six year olds. And I'm all like, Hey, yeah, I get candy. And I'm like trying to like schmooze the other kids so that they would like her. Like I'm the cool mom. And one day I'm like schmoozing the six year olds. And I realized, what am I doing here? Like, Bribing These children To like uncool, like we're the cool team and stuff. And I was like, that's crazy. And then she went on into a Autism education. So the rest was at Autism School. And then I was, it was the same curriculum, but they taught it slower. But I realized that the curriculum was no longer applied to me.


So in high school I Got switched to job training. Interesting. Interesting. Got it. That's true. They prep, they prep you for a real, No. Yeah. Less, less academics. 'cause it wasn't making sense with the kind of brains they had. Ah, but his perspective on the Bullying thing is, is is different because he was there at school. Yeah. And people knew who Abby was. Older brother. Younger brother. Younger. Younger Brother. Younger. By a year and a half. Okay. So you guys were pretty close. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. What was it like it perspective? It was, so we were at the same school until I was in maybe third grade. So like, not, not super late, but there was, we Both left Dixie Canyon. Yeah, that's exactly Right. We both left. We, neither one of us stayed till fifth grade. Ah, neither One of us.


Ah, we left a little early. But it was definitely, I would say there was less direct, it wasn't like direct Bullying towards her, but there was definitely like, people would make comments within my friend groups that I would feel the need to step up a little bit, you know? And then I would see maybe people there, you know, the special ed class people would be like pointing fingers and stuff. These, I mean, there's are kids, right? But like, we're all kids and they're pointing fingers and doing that thing. And I was usually the one that was, Hey, let's not, you know, let's not do that. We don't really know what's going on. Like, that's not cool. Right? Yeah. And then kind of later on, it was definitely the biggest thing for me was just like in public, there was a lot of staring and a lot of stuff. 'cause like Abby, like a lot of people has physical stems. You know, you stretch your hands out to, to feel more centered. You know abs when you get excited and you do your Yes.


And then after, after my Bridgeport High school years, I Got switched to a training school Miller and learn how to make hats there. I wanted to ask about your hats. That's true. Did you have, did you, do you have any hats? Yes. Maybe. I was hoping, I was hoping I could, I could get one of these hats I'll and I'll and I'll pay for it by the way. Oh no. I wanna support the business. Abby. Support local business. Who's that for? No way. This is for You. No Way. Who's this for? No way. And this Is Mike. Yes. Hold on. That's for Mike. Oh Gosh. And then who's this for? I'm so Happy's this for, this Is for your daughter. Your that And your wife. And Your wife. That's so sweet. Your wife and your daughter Abby. That's so sweet.


These Gray ones I made right Off. Oh my gosh. She, she, I'm selling off. My fiance loves you as well. So she she's gonna go cr she's gonna just be so happy. Oh my gosh. This is so, this is so cool. Oh, lit. Let's go. Love it. There you go. Dear Logan, that fit, Thank you for having me on your podcast. Yes it does. Looks great. Thank you so much for this. You Can bring the tags upside. It's bring it down a little bit. This One? Yes. Oh, Let's go. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for that. A picture of that love. That was so nice of you. How, How are you, how are you producing enough hats?


I'm sure the business is booming. It's a lot of weaving. Yeah, it's good though. It's good. It keeps you busy. I'm sure. I do like working with your hands like that. Yes. Tell 'em about how many hours you do about the hat stuff. I knit hats for like hours. Like I even forgot my knitting bag this morning. So my brother brought it. And also one time Ben's puppy Navi, which was a mini Australian shepherd the other night, she tried to run away with my yarn. It Doesn't surprise me. Yeah. A cat mom, like, yeah. She just Started running around Yard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you get a cat, that yarns gone. Gone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


And one time Navi last time took my yarn. I saw she was carrying it in her mouth. Walking. This is, this is, this is amazing. This, this is great. This amazing. Why did she Take my arm? She's a puppy. So, you know, it was out, You know, when she was telling you guys about getting out of the academics. Here's the thing about Autism. So when you have the kinda Autism aha, you diagnosed it too. You get kicked outta preschool. It was a really difficult time. That first zero to 10 was really, really hard. So my whole life changed. Got on the bandwagon of trying to figure out what this stuff is. The figuring out what your kid needs, the hardest part, it's almost worse than the condition itself is figuring out what am I supposed to do? 'cause you feel so helpless. Also, I used to get very jealous of neurotypical girls especially.


Really? Can you talk to me about that? It's because They could do things that I couldn't, like when a neurotypical girl would fall asleep, I would fall asleep. When a neurotypical girl would sneeze, I would sneeze because I was trying to be like them, even though unfortunately it made them uncomfortable. Mm. That's really Interesting. But I didn't do it to be mean. I didn't do it to mock them or make fun of them. I was just trying to express my feelings. I appreciate your honesty. And you say, and you Saying that like, can you remember that movie Inside Out? Of Course. Inside Out. I saw the second one. Riley says she's a good person then she says she's not good enough. I imagine sometimes you watch things like that show you were describing, this Is Us. Yeah. And, and, and you watch it and you see like, oh my gosh, I, I feel like that.


Or that's how I think. And you make that connection. Did it happen with Inside Out? Yeah. Big time. Yeah. Always talks about that. It, and Speaking of Inside Out, it's a visual. Me and my cousin Mary went to the Inside Out house in Vegas last year. That's awesome. Oh wow. Do do you like animated films? Yeah. Can you give me a list of some of your favorite animated films? Little Mermaid, lion King. Frozen. Frozen, Finding Nemo. There's a Finding Nemo ride at Disneyland. Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage. It's been out for 18 years. How To Train Your Dragon. Well that's Dream. That's Dreamworks. You don't like, you don't like Dr. But You know what? I don't like gory movies. Okay. That's fair. Horror Movies. Have you seen Enchanted?


That's animated and live action. It's both. I Don't think I have. Are you a huge Fan of Amy Adams? I wouldn't say a huge fan, but I, I really like her. The redhead. Yeah. Yeah. I do. I really like her. Yeah, she's great. And she was also in the movie, a sci-fi movie called The Arrival. I love the Arrival. Great movie. She's very good in that movie. Yeah. Do you like, do you like alien stuff? UFO stuff? Yeah. It's okay. But I like Star Wars. 'cause Star Wars day's coming up. Star Wars Day. May 5th. May the fourth be With you. May the fourth. I love saying that. Do you have a lights saber? See, I wanna get a pink lightsaber. Okay. If I had one, I choose the pink lightsaber. Okay, cool. What about David? Does he like it as well? A Red light Saber you guys could battle. Well, I'll do it with his sister Aubrey.


'cause Aubrey's into video games. It's one of David's triplets sisters and his other sister Allison goes to school for a BA applied behavior analysis. Oh Wow. Cool. Very cool. That's, that's a whole controversy now because that's a therapy that's used for, I say certain types of Autism, but because we have one word, part of the population thinks it's bad and torturous and not cool. And then the other part's like, we're dying over here. We need help for our kids. For us it worked. Yeah. I don't bash any therapy because everyone's different. Like, try whatever works for you. But on my social media, people have come after me because we did do it. It was amazing. It helped her a ton. I was there, I watched it. She learned how to sit in a chair and use a pencil when she was four.


And she couldn't do that before then. So it was like a kind of a miracle almost. And other people that we know, David included Sabo from season one. He also had that therapy and it was really, really great. Do you, but it's controversial for others. It's, It's, it's a shame when there's rifts internally within, within a group that should be together. I feel like I've, I've seen this happen a couple times. It always, always happens. It just doesn't make sense to me. It Is, it is my mission to try to get everyone to work together. Because think about people in your school setting that were either misunderstood, mocked, sat alone, they had neurological differences. Yeah. Nobody's weird Situations are weird. Not people. People have neurological differences. Yeah. And then others have neurological deficits.


If you can't talk and participate in The world, that's kind of a short stick. Yeah. But those strangely those disagreements happen Even in communities that don't have such vast differences or spectrums. You've got something like alcoholism and the approach to getting people off of drugs or alcohol. Yeah. You've got something like the approach to curing brain cancer. These are more one size fits all problems, but still have the same level of disagreement. Yeah. As a community, as complex as the spectrum community. So it's like you can't even people to get, get, you can't even get people to agree on chemotherapy. Not chemotherapy, this or that. What is Chemotherapy? Well, it's a good question, Abby. It's a, it's a approach to ridding the body of cancer when, when someone has cancer.


So it's a radiation therapy that has a lot of side effects that some people think are actually potentially worse than the cancer itself. And so there's a lot of disagreement there. It's been a kind of a gold standard treatment for a long time now for cancer. But there's, especially in The world we live in now, it's social media and, and everybody's saying this isro wrong and this is woke and this is right and this is left. It's just such a wild time to agree on anything. Right. That I can totally see how it could get so complex in, in this community. And I wanna, and I wanna ask you this too. Where does Abey fit on the spectrum? Well, when we were, when she was diagnosed. Abby, how old were you? Two and a half. So it was like right out of the gate, You know, from day one.


Abby, how much did you weigh at birth? 11, 14 inches. Oh, Big baby. No, 11 pounds. 11 pounds. Baby was 13 Ounce Big baby. Like from the minute she was born, it was like, I would say this big, Big baby cream. Nine big. I was, I was a gigantic baby. That's a big baby. Why was I such a big baby? I don dunno, From the minute she was born, it's been an alternative ride. You know, all The other babies were smaller than me. Yeah. Yes. And so one time There was a tiny baby on a plane and it was a tiny little infant. I was, I was much bigger than that. Right. Yes. I was a lot bigger. But what about the baby on the plane? I knew it was gonna make a noise, but it didn't make one sense. Oh right. It it didn't cry the whole time. No, No. Well, I but lucky. But You know what, I was a lot bigger than that baby.


Yeah. Yeah. Way bigger. Yeah. Yeah. Baby baby's not crying on, on planes is rare. Well, One time, there was one time I was in Indianapolis, there were two screaming babies in front of me. We were leaving Indianapolis and the baby's like this water, water. I need water. Yeah. Something Like that. Baby was thirsty. Should have gave him prime, but And they wouldn't give it to her. Yeah. Should, yeah. Should have had Prime. I I had a question. It's An auditory sound. Do you like watching yourself on tv? I didn't really care about watching myself on tv, but I did get really excited and eager. Well, it's really cool, Abby. Like you, you're now famous. Is that a weird feeling for you?


No, I used to feel isolated and alone as a kid. And that's why I said I wanna be an adult right Now. I can relate to that. I've, 'cause I, that's why I associate adults as good and kids as bad. But it's just life was more complicated growing up. I can, I, But at least I, I still had a good time. I just take fun family trips to Boston. Well, kids can be pretty ruthless 'cause they don't have like that much empathy. They're just, it's, it's, it's a lot of like, instinctual and they'll just say what they're thinking and they, they might not gonna consider someone's feelings. So some kids are good. Like, I have a daughter. She's very nice. She's very nice. How old is she? She's seven months old. So she still is not really fully She's the baby.


Yeah. Big baby by the way. She's tall. Oh, is she? Yeah. She's pretty tall. Your Your fiance is tall? Yeah, she is. She's tall. Yeah, she's like five 10. You're like six two. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think, I think she'll probably be tall. Yeah. But this fame is a really interesting. Hi David. Everyone's very Excited. David. David. David's gonna hang out and then, Okay. Okay. Hey David. Hi Petra. Hi Abby. Hello. Hey Pet. Mary. Hey Mary. Hey Mary. Mary. Hey guys. How are you? Hey. Hey. So, so it sounds like you c you, you like being famous 'cause you don't feel as isolated Or am I just saying that?


Sorry. I'll just, you Want him to rephrase the question? Rephrase it. Yeah, I'll rephrase it. Do you like being famous? I do because I wanna make more money. That's why Mary says to my social media. Yeah, get the bag. Abby, Her cousin Brendan didn't, didn't, doesn't like being an adult. He, he loved being a kid. Mary's cousin Brendan. Well Probably 'cause Mary, I, Brendan has a job now. Brenda has a Yes. It's hard. Brenda has a job. It's Hard for him as an adult, but not for me. 'cause everyone is different. Yes. Yeah. Well, and your famous knowledge. You can get the bag. Abby, what do You I selling your hats. What do you wanna buy with all this newfound money? Hmm. Probably I wanna build my own waterpark in my pool.


I was thinking if I win the lottery, I was thinking about getting rid of my diving board and changing it into a water slide. Amazing. Could you build, this is very important. Abby. I need you to, I'll change it to a water slide. Okay. Amazing. I am obsessed with water parks. Me too. They're my favorite thing. And so am I. Do You know what my favorite thing outta the waterpark is? What? The lazy river. Oh, You know what mine is? Mine is the dropout slide where the, you stand on the store, you stand in it and then it opens up and then it goes. When Ben did it, how did you feel? I Was, I was Terrified. It's horrifying. Skin. Skin than I ever thought it was. Did you scream? Yes.


Where did you do it? We Were in, we were in Atlantis. Right? Was that the first one? Coco K Or Coco K. Yeah. Dave one in New York at the American Dream Mall. That's very high. That you would love. Dream thrill. A gas Car and jungle jam. Wow. At Dreamworks Water Park. Wow. How do, okay, that's amazing that you knew both of I would scream on it. You're Pretty brave. Everyone. Mary did it with me. Yeah, there, I Think she did it once. That's pretty brave of you, Abby. Yeah. He, because he, If you haven't seen what he, you're talking about the dream marks water park. Right? Of course. Yeah. So if you go in and Actually look at it, I mean, it looks like you're jumping off. It's pretty The scar scar thing, you know, and You know why pretend to be up? There's insane on the top of that.


Rapunzel? Yes. And do you feel any fear? No, not really. Would you? Well, my Brother would, I wasn't, I mean, so would it, so would, it was a little Scary at first, but I wasn't as scared as Ben. Yeah, okay. Just, just roast than you man. I know. Every day. Catch it straight. Scared On the thrill and gas car at Dreamworks since it's 14 probably my brother would. Yeah. That's bigger. Yeah, a hundred percent. Abby, you, You clearly, You'd be Like fear from inside Out. Whoa. You're, you're very brave taking shots. Would you, Do you like fear? Do you like him? Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I, I turn, I, I try to turn fear off a lot of Times. Don't even think about him. Yeah. Yeah.


Just, just, just literally just turn it off like a light switch almost. What About the big red guy? Anger. Anger? Yeah. Have a little bit of that in me. Yeah. I feel a little bit of him when I get hurt. I'd feel a little bit like anger from inside out. When was the last time you felt angry? I'm not sure if I don't win a game and candy crush, like I can get all my emotions in inside out. Like sadness, anger, think about the inside out emotions. Yep. Yep, yep. Or if I'm seeing a horror movie or if I feel nauseous, I'm like disgusted. She's green. What about, what about the second one? Anxiety showed up. Like when the bus would run late and I'd feel like anxiety. Yeah. Yeah. Christine, do you notice that she has a, a good grasp, firm grasp on emotionality?


Now She does. Yeah. But, but in the earlier years it would overtake you so you couldn't participate in The world. Because I think emotional regulation is part of Autism for some people. And that can stop you from your day. Like Abby had a thing about time, for example, when she was a, when she was a kid, that if it wasn't that exact moment, if things weren't like the bell rang at three and if I wasn't there she would fall to pieces. It just was some kind of a hook and structure. So, And I'd also do something called the Dolly Dance. Tell me about it. No one understood. And I still don't, it's A weird gesture and it's where I would clap my hands and stick up my tongue, but I shouldn't do it. Well now you've set it up. So Everyone, I'm just to explaining. You do okay.


Do do you Want do, Is it like this? It's Like this Classic. Come on Logan, Tell me how, tell me how good I you go Like this and then Like this. Ready? Do this. Nice. Nice. You do it, Mary nailed you doing. And also This is a funny face of my friend made. Alright Then who Was that? Okay, so what, let's, let's just talk about, so the Dolly Dance was a time when she was frustrated and couldn't get the words out. So sometimes a physical action might have helped her express what was going on For her. Do you mind if I use that in the wwe e Yeah. Also for it. I can do it.


Funny faces. Go for it. You'll see me do that this Weekend. It's like the ultimate form of mock. Yeah. And also this's funny face too. Well, Remember some of the other things, Abby, remember some of the other things you did when, when she was young and she didn't like you, she'd look at you from the far and do this. Just go, oh yeah. That's so disrespectful. I love it. Do it. Keep chilling. Do do, yeah. You look at the person directly And you flick Right in their face and you just kind of flick 'em. Now Ben has a good one though. What does she do when she's mad at you? Well, what are some of your names Then? She calls me. Yes. Okay. Yeah, there's a couple. One of them, I don't know, I don know where this came from.


One day she was mad at me and you just called, you started calling me Brent. Brent, Brent. Just like some random name. She's like, okay, don't we don't know anyone named Brent. My name's not Brent. He's my class From second crew. So someone too like Brent. You know Miguel? I no idea who Brent is. Yes. German knows Miguel Garcia. That's right. Bob and Mike's son. Oh yeah. Yeah. Bob and Mike's son knows some of 'em. That's true. But we were talking about The nickname that Brent and the other ultimate insight, What is it? Is you get the title of doctor. Oh yeah. That's a bad one. She'll, okay, doctor mom. That's, that's How do you, how do you earn That? And sometimes No, no. Abby, why did you call me doctor? Because I don't like going to the doctors. And doctors Give you shots.


Shots cause pain. I'm mad at you. So you're now a doctor. You were on, you get, you were dressed up as a doctor on rubber necks. That's a whole other thing. That's you up this one. So did you, so did you pick up on and start to observe some of these and, and, and maybe you guys were able to associate her, her, these things that she did with what she was feeling at the time? Yes. I, so I, I call myself a translator. And when I do conferences, I do a lot of speaking to try to help parents. I love doing it. Feel like I spent last 26 years learning this stuff in the front lines every single day. So, You know, sometimes I talk about clinical data and what works and studies and all this. I'm like, I'm doing this every day and I'm telling you what's working. It's like I'm a translator.


I could see the disconnect. I could see when she was frustrated, the language wouldn't come. Gesture would come and then I'd try to model the language and say I'm angry. Do You, do You right now, do you recognize how and realize how important of a skill that is and how applicable that is to, to neurotypical people? We all do, we all do that. We don't do dupe. Yeah. And we don't stick our tongue. Maybe not right. Yes. And a lot of times, And when people did that to be, they made me laugh. Okay. So that's good. One of my a did it. But, but a but a lot of times we do things that are representative of an emotion that we're feeling, but not always. Exactly. Yeah. Not always an exact, You know, way of showing that.


So hurt, hurt people sometimes do things that, that are just showing that they're hurt, not that they're angry or don't like you. And it's funny, in our, in our neurotypical relationships, we end up in a lot of those same type of scenarios where we're doing things that are poorly representative of how we truly feel. So that's such a, that's such an incredible skill to have. And I, I wonder what what ways you could teach, You know, neurotypical people how to, how to Use that. You know, in my social media channels, She's having a good time. She giggles. Well, let's having a good time then. Sorry. Good time. But the one thing I do, you know who I Got this laughing thing from? A boy I went to high school with would laugh in class. You can't say names of people. Sorry. Okay. Except Brent. I don say name except Brent name, first name. But only my friend Abraham from high school would laugh during class for no reason.


And I was There, I do that sometimes too. I was a big Abby. I was a big problem in school. Big time. Were you? Oh yeah. Yeah. I was a I was get in trouble. Oh yeah. I was an outlast year. I was in suspension. But it was funny 'cause I was also in the gifted program, so they didn't really know what to do with me. Oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So interesting. It was a, i I was a high iq, maybe low EQ or low, You know, had a lot of stuff going on at home. Anyways, Abby, can I ask you a direct question? With, with all of these thoughts pulling at you to live in the past and to live in these memories, I don't wanna live in those memories. How, okay. How do you, how do you stay here with us? How, how do you Talk about in the moment? All Right, but how do you do that?


How do you do that? How do we learn this year? Five Senses. Go. I'm gonna Braden memory therapy and my Ryan's teaching me how to turn my smart brain on and take, keep energy away from the emotional and survival brains By what You seeing? What I, I like to see the sunset and I like to hear the old dial up modem sound. Remember the dial up modem? That's it. See, Wow. That's a, that's A program. Do you remember when computers used to do That? Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. A OL instant messenger. You got mail. Yeah, exactly. Alana Stewart has that. So how do you, so how do you stay here with us right now? Like what are your tactics to, to stay in this room, in this moment with us, I focus on what I feel, what I smell, and when I taste.


Those are all the senses. So by turning the five senses on and identifying them, it helps bring the smart brain on. And the other brain of emotional and survival, which is out of this room, gets less energy. So that the smart brain and the focus can turn on by using the five senses, sight, smell, touch, taste, and sound. The dial up modem is a preferred sound. So tell us about that. Why do you love that? Because when I was A little girl, dunno, when I first heard the dial up modem, I was like three years old, maybe almost three years old when I was two and a half, almost three. And it Just stuck with you. I, a little telephone pole came up on the computer, had our planet next to it, and then the dial up modem sound started playing.


Hmm. And that's a preferred sound. So I think it's bringing her back to a happy time or a good feeling or a good vibe. I think it's a good thing because I was barely on earth when they had it. I was really, I was a really little girl when I, when I used to hear it on the computer. Do you like that association, Christine, for, for this practice of staying in the moment? Or is that something that gets in the way? I think for her, whatever it takes for her to do her thing is great. The fact that we were able to identify that a preferred sound. So if Abby's like having a really hard time regulating now what we say is, I said, think you need a sound input. She'll go listen to the dial up modem sound for five minutes in a room, calm down, regulate, come back out, new person.


And that, and that will help center her. Yes. Got it. And I want every single parent autistic person and non-autistic Person, and I even heard it in the movie Lightyear. Mm Huh With Buzz Light year. Yeah. Buzz Light year. Yeah. If everybody knew their Trigger. I I heard some of the dial up modem sound in that. Yeah. Feels good right to hear that. Yeah. In some sci-fi movies I might hear a sit down. That sounds like the dial up modem. Is there any other sounds that you like, like that? I also like a lot of sounds like this. Do You know this app called Free Sound? No. It's where with all different sound effects, like music playing animal noises. It has, it's not just dial up other noises too, like phones ringing.


Got it. The music on Candy Crush. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Candy Crush Music. Yeah. Do do you like playing Candy Crush? I'm on a very high level. 9,566. Wow. Wow. That's high. Incredible. That's incredible. Is Is, is Candy Crush a game you can make in-app purchases? You Have to crush the candy, you have to get rid of all the dragons, the jelly squares or the licorice. Do you spend money? The every level is different. Okay. I have a story about that. You have A story about this? Yeah. David, I Got me a Candy Crush gift card. Let's Go. David. Yeah. One time she spent $700 on Candy Crush. Okay. On the apps. I had to call the App store and say, I don't know what's going on here, figure it out. She was just hitting the button that said Buy more, buy more, buy more, More. I do the same thing on a website called Mistake.


I wanna make, You know what, That's why I wanna be a billionaire, but I don't make as much money as Chapel Round does. Ah, You'd be surprised. I don't know. Does she Have more money than me? She, well, If she's in a parasitic record label deal, there's a chance maybe you are wealthier and have a higher net worth than Chapel Road. She does, she's doing pretty big shows. And do you see this bracelet? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I Got this from Taylor Ner and his wife. Hey. Oh wow. He gave it to you. Yeah, I was on his podcast to squeeze with lemons. Whoa. Boy, Lee even is a shark boy lava girl. Yes, he was. And I was on his podcast Throwback. I was On his podcast. He's pretty cool. That movie is turning a big 2 0, 20. Yeah. Big two. Oh, Same goes for Satara.


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So much, so many throwbacks. Today you should have Played Shark Boy and Lava Girl Music at your two thousands themed party. It should We, Christine, should we bring David on here? I think so. Wasn't because they're starting to talk. Hey, David. T Excellent. How are you brother? Good. And you? Good. What's up David? Good to meet you. Good To meet you too. Yeah. David, it's, it's such an honor for me to meet you. I'm a very big fan of you. Thank you. Yeah, I watched the show and you and Abby, you guys are great. Thanks. Thanks for coming today. You're Welcome. Abara is still together. Yes. We're I know guys, it's amazing. From season one. Yes. From season We are all the way from the zoo, right? Was the first date at the zoo. Right? The First date's at the Wildlife Learning Center.


The Wildlife Learning Center. And then you went to the Safari and then guys, it's like you're an inspiration worldwide for what Love and, and a happy couple should look like. Yes. And if I win the lottery, I could create my own wildlife park, the biggest one. And a waterpark, The two of them. A For me and a safari for him. Yes. Yes. Oh, they should be next door to each other. So you could just go to the waterpark and then go to the wildlife center. There's places like that. Six Flags has its own waterpark and wildlife, but you guys could do it better. I, I'm sure, I think a lot of people would go there. That could be how you make more money than Chapel Rowan. Yeah. Does Chapon have more money than me now? Again, if she's in a parasitic record label deal, yes. It's totally Possible.


She could be getting completely screwed over by Her label about Saprina Carpenter. She has more money. She, she look me. That means she has a Lot more money. Yeah. She, She's working. Does she, Did she win any Grammy awards? You know, I, I, I don't know. I know Miley Cyrus won her first Grammy last year. Well, that's, that's Miley Cyrus. Well Deserves. Who? Is there anyone in here who looks like Miley? Probably your Mom. What about me? Oh yeah. And you a little bit. Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. You look just like her. And the Chin. I have the same chin as Demi Lovato. Whoa. Yes. Demi Lovato. She works out my So You're talking about the Disney Channel Stars? Yep. And where does she appear as a little girl?


Barney and Friends. Actually, I watch that show every time I watch the Puzzle Place. And they deserve to go to Walt Disney World for the entire summer. And who Does Leon look like? What animal? A lion. Does he have a Maine? His hair is, is practically a Maine? Yes. Do you guys love talking to each other? Yes. Yes. Alright. I have to say something you guys. I was blown away when you guys played the Disney game. Okay. Abby, you say a locate this thing They do. I've seen it. You say a location and then David, what do you, you, you respond Abby? Yeah. Cheesecake Factory Beauty and the Beast. Roaring Snore, The Lion King, Dana Point Beach. The Little Mermaid Irvine Spectrum Center. Aladdin, will Rogers State Park, Pocahontas Balboa Park, The Princess and the Frog.


Super Cuts. Tangled Islands restaurant. Lilo and Stitch. That's quite the Back. That was amazing. What About having a picnic Stumped him? Is It Winnie the Pooh? Could be. Oh, well, Is Winnie the Pooh on the list of your favorites? I mean, I'll be on list to my favorites, but I like it. You know, my Friend, our friend Devin was obsessed with Winnie the Pooh. Does this work for other stuff or Is it just Disney? Like can I ask you a state capital? Like where does this end? Like what do you, what Do all the Winnie, the Pooh characters have some all got diagnosed with something You Correct. IOR has depression. I saw Trigger Has a DHD just like my brother Do.


Brent. Just get Robin Has OCD Wants to keep his guard a certain Way. Dang. David, I have a question For you. Yes. Do you like being famous? Oh yes. Why? Because it makes me feel special. You Are special. You Are. Do do you like making money as much as Abby does? Yes. Can I ask how love on the Spectrum came to be? Did did you, did you, did they get cast for the show or So at that time it hadn't aired yet. And it was during the pandemic. So in 2019 they were sort of looking for people and we got a call one day of some guy doing some sort of dating show. We didn't really know what it was. He's from Australia, so we zoomed with them and they met her in one of her classes.


Was it Kian? It was Kian. So Kian was looking for people and he's really good about really going everywhere. Yeah. He goes to all the states and programs and went to hers. But at that time it was completely unknown. And so I Got, they said, this guy's gonna come and watch their class. He's doing some kind of a dating documentary and everyone was kind of talking to him at the end of the session. And Abby just like bolted out the door 'cause of that time thing. Class is over three o'clock, gotta go. Boom. They got our contact information. We wound up zooming with them like three or four times. And, and then at the end of this, these Zoom calls, which took place over about a six month period, they're like, we're doing this little show and it's on a network called Netflix. And I was like, oh, I thought you were like a guy down by the river in a van that was just like shooting on your iPhone.


I mean, I didn't know what it was. We didn't had no idea what it was. And then it turned into to what we saw. We watched the Australian version. Ah, and I don, Most people had Australian accents, but they were on the spectrum. I've never been to Australia before. Neither have I I would love to give it a try. You have to go there. Me too Too. My, I wanna go, my favorite thing to do is the zoo. And I wanna hang out with the IWiN family. Like I There, if I was, I wanna talk to Cleo, Ricky and Emma from H2O. Wow. Wow. I've Gotta see them. You guys gotta go to Australia. You Know the Wiggles are from Australia. I didn't know that. Oh yes. Whoa. Every season of that is season one. Well, they have the same accent as Keon. And I met the Wiggles, the whole cast one time in person. Really? I was on an airplane and they were sitting right behind me and Abby was like four.


Were they wearing their sweaters? They, They weren't wearing their sweaters, but the whole cast was. And I was freaking out. I was doing this job and I was on, the guy next to me had just had a child, but he wasn't old. The child wasn't old enough to know who the wiggles were. Ah. And it was one of my like biggest groupie like star moments. They're hair got their autograph, their Hair, their hair's turning gray. What, what what about k what about kangaroos? They're getting old. Would you, Would you like to meet a kangaroo? Yes. What el what else about Australia? Koalas. Koalas or plaid Puss and all. So you Have all your reasons And Tasmanian doubles and just Watch out for the spiders I put. Oh, always. But it's much later there. Yeah, It Is. It is 18 hours in the future. Yeah, it's, it's actually tomorrow there.


Yep, it's tomorrow. It is. Abby, would you go skydiving ever? No. I'm with you Abby. Why heights? So we're staying on the, we're staying on the ground. Yeah, but you don't have a problem going down the water slide. Yeah. It drops you. Everybody's different. Yeah. Some of the water slides are fun, but others gig makes me feel scared of heights. Yep. Why don't you like standing on the trap door Heights? Oh, Do you guys have favorite foods? Speaking of which? Hi Abby. I know you don't like flowers, but this is for you. Thank you. There's, there's a lyric about that. I Love to try One in your song.


You, you said, I'll try one of each. You said my Prince charming doesn't bring me flowers. You know, I'd rather have gummy bears any day. It's, it's as real as it gets. Yeah, It is. Abby gonna share Sweet cake. Abby, do You know Sweet Cakes? Abby, do you know what your love language is? Do You know out of the love languages what your favorite part of being in love is? Mm. He treats me like a princess or a woman with a relationship. Hmm. So would you say it's the, Is it the gifts, acts of service, words of affirmation? Which thing do you like the most? Do you like when he says nice things to you or gives you gifts or everybody's different?


I mean, what do you like the best? You like those gummy bears? Yeah. You could also Just eat the gummy bears and not answer ab I like gummy bears too. Yep. David, you're so nice to Abby. Is it because you love her that much? Yes. Do you have any other nicknames for her besides Sweet Cakes? I guess that's all the only nickname I have for her. Do you mind if I start calling my fiance Sweet Cakes? Yes. You do mind her Actually go. Actually, I don't mind at all. Okay. Do you mind if he starts calling me Sweet Cakes? Very funny. You are my sweet cakes. Mikey. I love you. Can I ask you about Connor from Love on the Spectrum? Oh, We love Connor.


Me too. Oh, we love Connor. Do You know him? Yes. And his wonderful mother Lisa. Hi Lisa. She's Amazing as well. She's amazing. We hit it off in like two seconds. We met, they came to our house. We have like the love on the spectrum rages. We've had a bunch of parties at our house with as many cast members when they're in town. If it's like a Netflix thing or promo thing, we've had these parties. And my favorite memory is James singing Bad To the Bone in My Backyard. Is there any way I can come to the next one? Yes. I'm serious. You're invited. I'm serious. It's actually the most beautiful thing because You know everyone on the, most of the people that I know from the show and other people, they don't have the same ego as, as neurotypical people. Like there's a sense of I like this and I want that, but it is not ego-based. It's actually the beautiful humble and they don't really have a bigger judgment thing.


They have, you have feelings and I'm sound like I'm generalizing it. I don't mean to, but I'm just kind of saying the group of people that I've been around, it's just, you're almost so free because you just don't have the same judgment. You're saying neurotic, typical people are are pieces of shit. Well Is That Didn't say we here, You know, it's a completely fair assessment. We, but it's actually a gift. I mean, I have this story, but when I went to the special needs dance one Valentine's Day where I dropped her off and I had to wait 'cause I was a parent, she's like in eighth or ninth grade and I'm on she Valentine's Night and I'm at the special needs dance is a girl dancing and she's kind of doing all this stuff and for one or two seconds I judged that girl ah, when no one else in that room did. And it was because they were all special needs people and I was waiting for her.


And I was, I learned after that. Like I was the only person judging her and I thought how safe she was being able to just be her true self. And I felt really shitty after that. True, true sense of community. Community And to cake in the pizza was so good. If, if that I would love to go to another dance like that again at my special school. Like if I keep working out, going to the gym, I could eat a lot of pizza and cake. David, would you do it with me? Yes. Pizza and cake and it's so only both. The only kind of pizza I like is cheese and I like, I'll eat the vanilla cake and you can eat the chocolate. Yeah, No Toppings. David. I'll take the vanilla. You take the Chocolate? No Pops on my pizza. What? Where do you like to get your pizza from? My favorite place from Pizza Place from there is Veto's.


Where's That? It's Yum. Where Where Is it? Santa Los Annica. Downtown la Wow. Three locations. I love regular, regular CROs. Stick cheese pizza is my favorite. From From which location? Vito's. Vito's. Huh? So where Is it at? Remember? I don't remember. David's the one on San Vicente San Vice. I may have to go there. Do you like Domino's? Yes. I love Costco Pizza. Costco Pizza. I'm definitely, one time I had Costco pizza at my friend Devon's party and then later I, by burning it off, I had to take my dog for a walk. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I love that. Do like, Because I Got my exercise, Clementine got her exercise so I could give her an extra cup of food for her dog Food. It's a win-win. Two birds, one stone.


Yeah. Yeah. And I had to give feed Clementine more Dog foods. Do you like the Costco Guys? Do you know who they are? No. Five big booms for the Costco Guys. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah, We're Costco Guys. Of course We Got the chicken bake. Yeah, The chicken bake. Do you? It's a Double choong chocolate Cookie. Cookies. Cookies. Like who? Cookie Monster. You Do Precious coolies. Just Like that. We need some of those type of things do. It's do, let's just say we do what they do. You okay? I I'm Coolies I'm telling you I'm gonna use this for my mouth.


Do it snake. I might start doing that more often too. Your turn Mary, the flick. Mary's doing the Dolly Dance, the flick as well. Your turn Ben? What do you say, Dolly Dance. Yeah, I Got a big and This, I know this face. Oh yeah. Okay. I Got a big, You Know who it's Marco Marco's Pizza? No, Marco Deep Pasquale. Oh yeah. And Brent Ben Used to hang out with him and You know what Marco did that grossed me out like a horror movie. Flipped his eyelids Inside out. Oh, I could never do that. Ever. So gross. I've Got a big a business meeting today at four. I think I'm gonna try the dupe on, see how that works.


That Works. And Cortland knew Marco. That's right. And You know what? She's in medical school and she just Gotten that. Yeah. You engaged Good for her. Yeah, she got engaged. I saw. Yeah, you mentioned that you did. I saw Cartland twice. You've met her, right? Yes. Yeah. For the Tea party. And I saw her again during our double date at the LA Zoo. That's right. Where dad and I used to go for lunch. I want to ask a question. I don't wanna pry, but speaking of getting engaged, is that on the agenda for you two eventually? Well, we're, we are still together, but we're not ready for that yet. Right. Nice. What did you guys say? Maybe we'll, maybe we'll be when after Bob and Mike move out. Yeah. But you said something, you said, you said it recently, you said, we already feel Like we're married in our hearts.


Oh yeah. That's So you said think about not everyone gets married. Ben and Bruno are married. Well, are they too young? They're too young to get married. They Can do whatever they want. You and Bruna haven't gotten married yet, yet. Look, it's a societal construct at the end of the day, You know, but I just, man, there's so many people that love you guys and they, they asked a question on the show and I was just curious too. I I Got engaged. It's pretty great so far. So from, You know, my experience, I think you guys would do great. You guys have a date, Is It? We do, yeah. Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah, we do. So You're doing it. That's that's great. Yeah. Yeah. In Italy. It should be, it should be pretty nice. Oh, amazing. Beautiful. I I, great. I have another question.


Are, do you guys watch content? Like, do you have people you like to watch online or Oh, certain. Certain. You Watch any YouTubers Or anything? You know, who's your favorite guy that you watch all the time? Jesus. What's his, what's his whole Jesus Need glass. And this is what he says. Listen up everybody to the next few minutes. We're gonna be having a fire drill. I need everyone to be on their best behavior that needs no talking me. Look at that. When the bell rings, he goes, excuse me, what did I just say? He's funny. I gotta check him out. And we even saw him at the Mufasa premiere down in the audience. You did? That's insane. See that movie 10 times in the theater. Wow. And how many times have you seen it on Disney plus 11.


Ah, ah, ah, 11 Times on Disney plus Actually my first time on Disney plus, but 10 times in the theater. Ah, ah, ah, The cow. What is the, what would the Yip y Martian say if they saw if they were in I was floating in space. Oh, yip. Why do they live in space? Because, because that's because they're aliens. Yeah. That checks out. Yeah. Yeah. They, They go, yip yip. Yep, yep. Yeah. The yip martians of the count are the only sisters, Sesame Street Muppets, that are going to, that wants to go to this end because of the rides. Lets them think of their homes. Who Would go on Tomorrowland Space?


Mountain Yi Martians, New Orleans Square Haunted Mansion. Count V count. We gotta, we gotta we have a thing, Mike, I think we should take acid together That can Garbage. I think that's really, I think garbage in the trash. That's What we Oscar The grout. What would He say? That'd be a good Get away from our trashcan. That's what he Say. Made it get lost. Get away from my trash can. Yeah. That's why he would say, if anyone is near his trashcan, I'm so jealous of this situation. Big I am, dude. I will, I will never get, he's like the Tallest secondary who is part ostrich. Like they're operating on the same weight. They're love, They're love safe people from being in danger. Grover, who becomes super Grover?


Super Grover. It's amazing. I still learn. I still watch. I still learn. We were at lunch one time when they started doing that location Disney thing, and I truly did not understand. I knew they did, but I couldn't quite figure it out like a location and then a Disney movie. And I said, do you guys, do you mind if I, and I just did a little TikTok on It. Does he go anywhere else though? Like, can I, like, is there any other associations that they work with? Like if I say spaghetti and meatballs, I prefer spaghetti with barona only. Okay. If I say let's everybody get in the rocket ship, I rather stay on the earth. Okay. If I say that color is red, I say it's what the color of the number two is.


Okay. See this. Is it Synesthesia? Yes. I synesthesia is by seeing numbers as colors. I think he, I think he going, I think you guys might have a, I think I'll sleep on the couch tonight If there's, if all the beds are taken. Yep. Well, I've been growing plants for so long, I Got a green thumb. Then maybe you should take a break the next before that happens. This is amazing. Mom. The chicken's done. Then she'll come down and check and see if you're right. Stock market's going up again. You buy money.


Buy Money. Yep. Let's go. Correct man. Just found out that Abby has more money than chapel R Yeah. Congratulations Abby For building the water park. Yeah, I think, and if I get more money too, I could build my own wildlife park too. And it'll come with the aquarium, which will be the world's biggest zoo ever. And I wonder if the two, one or two of the tanks might come with, might ha two of the tanks might have the gate that leads to the ocean. Have you been to Atlanta? Because there's a really nice aquarium there.


I've never been to Atlanta before. I would love to go about, I would love to do that. You know who lives There? Who? Connor from Love on the Spectrum. Right? Right. Connor, I'll visit him by the time I go to that aquarium. It has a whale shark Wow. And a tunnel that you can walk in and you're surrounded by the fish. It's incredible. Yeah. You should consider it and hang out with Connor the Whale shark. That's the world's biggest shark on earth. Gosh Darn right. You're guy star. Right. And they're very friendly. Yeah. And friendly Sharks Are friendly. Not, not in Australia, by the way, if you go watch out for the sharks. Yeah. The great white ones. I think they're also located in Afr around Africa. It's entirely possible. That's where I went for a Christmas vacation of 2015 and the Halloween one for 2022.


Whoa, Mike. I I I feel like one day, I feel like one day maybe you, you and I could have what they have. The question is how I, I think I have the answer. I actually wrote you a little something and it was inspired by Abby's song to David. Kind of like similar melody. Like maybe what's inside what he's talking No, I I just maybe Is there a reason I feel impending doom and fear right now? Like, like Severe? Well, I just, I I thought your song to David was amazing and the melody was amazing.


So I wrote some lyrics about my friend Mike and I wouldn't mind doing a little performance here. Woo. If everyone's okay with it. Abby. Isn't that cool? Yes. He's made up his own version to sing to Mike. Yeah. We gotta Oh yeah. I, I'll I don't know if it'll be as good as yours, Abby, but it's, it's just the, these are so addicting. But I, I, I like the singing of this song, Mike, I love you. Well then get to it all. All right. This all be good. I was kind of nervous to meet someone old and I was really glad when you got off of parole. Ah, Mike, I'm so proud you've come so far.


I know you can't get away from porn stars.


I know sometimes I'm rude to you, but nothing we can't fix with a little blue chew.


We're so good together. Will you be my co-host forever? Will you be my cohost forever? What do you say, Mike? You wanna do this show forever with me? Yes. Yes. I'll do it. I'll do it. That was wonderful. The Lion King. I didn't have the guitars that park the guitar. It kind of just do it together. No, I'm testing you now to see if we have what they have. All I'm said was gonna do it. I'm gonna go back To Kenya Again. Me too, Abby. It was a lot of fun and I love to go on more safari. Okay, let's try. It's always my favorite thing to do. I'll try with you now. You should. You should. I want go back to Iceland again. Iceland. What kind of animals live in Iceland? Yeah. No, we got a huge fight in Iceland. I don't, we know we ain't going back there.


Well, you're not, You're not complimenting me The same way that David compliments you. I'll Be honest with you. We don't have, we don't have chemistry, bro. That song I like. I don I don't know what I don what to tell you. I've gotta take one of each Lunchable two. The, Whoa. It's, it's, it's,


it's lunch Lee. It's lunch Lee. It's my, it's my brand with Mr.


Beast. Abby, look at it. Look, KS i's called. Look at it. It's called Lunch Lee. Whoa. I could see the confusion. But we're, we're much, we're a much better product in my opinion. 11 grams Of protein. You're got. Dang right. Please, please. They're yours. Lunch Lee. Thank you. Maybe you To One too. Pizza, your next lucrative job. Thank You. Maybe your next lucrative sponsorship. Yeah. That's with Mr. Beast, right? That's with, with Mr. Beast. We did a cool thing with some wells in Africa building wells, and he was also a sponsor on that. No way. There's a well in Uganda named after Abby. That's amazing. Yeah. And I, I saw in Kenya I saw people carry these big yellow jugs walking 10 miles to get water. Very, very, very, a lot.


That's, yeah. That's a far distance for with water. Water's, heavy water's really heavy. So is How's Bradley Martin? He's two 60 And he's coming on the show. That's Confirmed. Confirmed. Yeah. You guys are gonna talk about your swar at a Little better. No, come on. Come on. We'll keep it professional. Season four. Loving the Spectrum. Is this something we can look forward to? I know they're gonna do it and you know, they scour the United States looking for new people and all that kind of stuff. So, You know, we never know until kind of like they, what what this, what's going on? I mean, it's, it's kind of where, where are you guys? What's going on? It was a little bit different at the beginning than it is now because, You know, everyone's kind of in different parts of their own story. Some have relationships, some, some don't.


Yeah. Some are still seeking. But it's just been an amazing thing to be part of. You know, You, You know, Kian, you can tell. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm a I'm a creator. Yeah. I I, I've, I've been doing this stuff forever. So when I watch shows, I watch him a little differently. I'm watching like, like the scope. I wonder what it looks like behind the scenes, the writing, the casting, everything. And you can tell he cares. He does. He cares. I'm not sure how many people could, could, could like, successfully make the show without like really being able to care and have the conversations to build that Narrative. You can hear him say, You know, the, the, there's a date on season three with Matt Madison and a young man, I think his name is Brandon, and he has some auditory issues. Yep. I, I remember. And it heads on the table. And I've seen that a million times and I was so grateful that they showed that on the show, because that's a struggle for some people on the spectrum.


And, and I told Kian, I said, I love that you, you kept that in and You know that that's kind of like the Autism that Yeah. That that we see. Yeah. And she was so kind and she sort of understood that. But then Kian says, Brenda, are you okay? Do you need to take a break? Right, right In the middle of it, he's really focused on what they need. Yep. And I I think that's pretty great. It was, if I'm just being candid here, I was, I was like a little nervous in season one, how this would be done in a way where it, it didn't feel like, like normal reality shows do. Yeah. Where the cast is kind of just being exploited and, and, and he just did it so tastefully. I mean he did. And you know, here's the thing there, it's not scripted in any way.


He scours the United States Yeah. To find the right people for both the storylines and the dates. Anyone can call him up that's on the spectrum and kind of figure out, You know, how to be if they think they're right for it, you know? Yep. That kind of thing. And our first meeting, the very first time they came to the house, once they said, yeah, we'd like you to do this. They came into Abby's room and they had everything set up with hot lights. It's a small room, her bedroom. And it is just not the right environment for her to focus. And it was not good. She told him right to his face within five minutes, I don't like this. I'm bored. Can I leave now? This is a hot room, You know, I need a break. And it was not good. And, and I was like, why did we agree to do this? This, I, I made a mistake in encouraging her to try the language q and a thing is too hard.


And then he called up and he said, we wanna come back, but this time we're gonna let her walk around and do what she wants to do. We're just gonna really follow her. So he let go of that structure of interview and followed her and it was like a different person because for so many it's hard to sit still and focus. It's hard to do that just regularly. Like having these cameras, cameras and lights in your face is not a normal Thing. Right. And obviously she crushed it today. And obviously, You know, we'll take that as an ode to our incredible For Sure. Phenomenal interviewing skills. Yes. Yes. But excellent. You did an excellent job today, both of you guys. Thank you much. Thank you. An excellent job today. We did. Yes. You don't have to run off. I know you wanted I love both of you.


I was so excited to meet you guys and, and I'm very grateful you did our show. Thank you. Thank you for Thank you coming on. And I Thank you. I'm rooting for the relationship and both of you and Christine, Thank you for joining us. Thank you for Letting me be part of it too. Yeah. Of you guys are The best of, and Ben And Ben of course. And Ben of course. Of Course. Brother Ben. He's been Through it. Brother Ben, you've been through a lot, brother. Keep going dude. Abby, for those who are interested, where can we find your hats? If one wanted to buy them hats by abby.com. Wow, that is so it's just, I get it. What Mary Made by Abby, Made by abby.com, I mean made by That's even better com. That's Even better. Sorry. Just not hats. MIT made by abby.com. Made by abby.com. And David, anything you'd like to sell on our program today?


Oh, oh, he has Next time. We'll do That next time. Follow David on his David Under Loving the Spectrum. That's your handle on TikTok. And I do a lot of parenting stuff on TikTok. Christine Abby's mom 17. And on Instagram. Christine Abby's mom and I try to do more educational stuff and then she's a rock star on Abby's YouTube hats by Abby. Abby Romeo. She's got her new video for Boyfriend Forever Song that was directed by me and shot by her brother Ben's who did. It's All in the, We're like the Von Traps, you know? Yeah, yeah. This is amazing. Piece it together. It's amazing. Yeah. And that's on her YouTube boyfriend forever. Well, well Thank you guys so much for coming on.


Yeah, that's it guys. Thanks for watching this episode of Impulsive. Thank you. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time.