
She got Kelly. The decision to black out your tattoos was crazy. How long did That take? 70 hours. There was a point where I like gave up and I just felt like I was just dying. When you Started Dating, Megan, Fox, was there a part of you that was like, damn, I'm dating the girl from Transformers, Megan Fox. I Don't know this guy from a crumb of red. He's so dumb that I'm gonna tell him right now. Shut the fuck up and don't speak on me anymore. Expecting a Daughter in two months. You're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. Come On Bro. You're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with and so you are always going to be the safe place. I saw Randy Orton and I remember seeing him talk about me and I was like, I'm gonna practice a new version of myself. And then I'm like, fuck that.


Hey man, fuck you. All my boys were sitting there like, What'd you say? Bathrooms are great. Our, our guest is using the bathroom. He will be here momentarily. In the meantime, we will do some riddles. Okay. What would you call a, a story like folklore about the thing that you eat dinner off of A fairy table. I was gonna go a table. Table. Alright dude, I have to be honest with you, sitting on the set without my United States championship.


Lonely. Road Dang me on for real, Dude. Where? Is it, it was all we had left. Yeah, you said that and you were right. Do you, do you actually feel like kind of whack for Sure? I feel A black eye and no title. Oh, he beat, it's like someone punched you in the face and took your belt. He Whoop my, he beat my ass. I'll be honest that that match hurt. I saw him there after last night with my belt. Yeah. I said, congrats Champ. Yeah. And he and, and his eyes lit up. He was like this, he looked so Happy. I mean, look, congrats to him. He's a very good wrestler. It was well deserved. He fought extremely hard. Kicked outta my knockout punch last night. But at the end of the day of the day, it's always gonna be my belt.


It's my belt. You branded it. I see. I see it on him. But everyone knows that us title's mine. So you can have it for now for the time being, but I'm coming back for a rematch because don don't know if y'all saw, I don't think he got that pin Don. Don't think so. I don't think he got that pin, Bro. Don don't think so. My foot was on the rope. It was on the rope on number three. One two and my foot just bounced off the rope. And in wrestling terms, that means a pin doesn't count. You know what does count? Today's guest play it Back. Oh, he counts. Ladies, gentlemen. Counts me something. Machine gun Kelly. What Up, baby? What's up bro? Good. See you dude. You headphones guy. Yeah, You should, you should get in the zone with us. You Don't have to. We, we, we like them.


Put 'em over those razor blades. I know. The razor blades make it. There We go. What's up bro? What Up? Whoa headphones are kind of cool. Yeah, They're nice, right? We're locked in Dude, we just had undertaker sitting where you're sitting. Wow. Legend. you know, That's why the, like, the ass of this sheet is like Sunken In. Yeah. Hey, thanks for doing this, man. Yeah. Thanks for having me. How you Feeling Colson? Good. Good. I'm, I like, I'm, I'm an awkward talker, so I don't know how this is gonna work for me. That's Not, that's not true at all. It's nots not true at all. It's dude, you're, you're extremely deep. I was explaining this to Nina yesterday 'cause you come across mysterious to people and I think that might be part of the allure. 'cause you are really an artist to your core.


But I'm like, I was explaining to her, I'm like, he's cerebral, he's creative, he's an intellect. He's in touch with his feelings. He's self-aware. You're all these things. But I'm not sure people really know that about you yet. I know, I know. There was like this one band that like met me and they were like, Whoa man, you're kind of like an enigma. Like I don't really, I you are, they don't really know who I, I I, I mean You know to me, I'm always in my house and I'm like, fuck, I'm so Misunderstood. But I, that's probably 'cause I never talk. I also, I like Well, yeah, go ahead. Sorry. I was gonna say not, not, not to, not to tell you how you Dealing, but you also jumped right into like the hardest question. Sorry. Sorry. He had just said my bad.


He has trouble talking. You're like, describe your cerebral No, no, I didn't. Why I. do This. The question I was just saying, I'm just an observation and, and perhaps you feel Misunderstood 'cause maybe you have a hard time even understanding yourself. You're, you're, you're I'm just saying you're very therapy. Well I just, the the reason I'm, I'm leading into something I saw you went on Theo's, or not Theo, was Bobby Lee. Bobby. Bobby Lee. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And what's the Ginger's name? Car Carlito's Way. Car Santino Way. Santino Santino. Santino. Cheeto Santino. Yep. He's gonna kill me. I know him. Man. Fuck. You were talking about how, how you feel about yourself radiates. There's a clip. I saved it. Yeah, because I, I like, I like resonated with it.


And, and you you seem like really dialed in recently, dude. Yeah. I mean that's probably like a, a culmination of seeing my, it's like I, I had to see myself back from how I came off and I just, ID didn't really, I was always like, anytime I see clips of myself, like back in the day, I'm like, who the fuck is that guy? Really? Think So. Yeah. Becausecause, you're, she's a shapeshifter too. That's another like You. know what I'm saying? It's changed so many times. I mean, You know evolved. I say, I mean your, your cells regenerate every seven years anyway. So you literally are a different person.


Even physically you're a different person than you were seven years ago. So it, I mean, I mean, mentally for me though, seven years ago I was on cocaine and any drug you could imagine and like, that isn't the case anymore. So when you're, when you say like, I come across grounded or I know that's, that's like a new revelation for me and a new version of myself that I just met. But this is like a lot more true to who I was. I mean, maybe not though. I mean, I kind of, I kind of even You know when I reconnected with my mom, she was like, dude, you were the most emotional baby I've ever met. Like, I always was like trying to get, I was really don don't know.


I would be, I was, my, my bipolarity was heavy from like the day I came out. I was really sad. Then I'd be really happy and I always was trying to like get away from who I actually, I was always like a, a character player. Like there was a, there was pictures of me for like three years when I was a kid where I would wear like anything on my head that like resembled a pterodactyl bill. Okay. Because I was like, I'm, I'm a pterodactyl. Okay. And then you certainly Shaped like one, you're like, you're kind of tall and lanky. Yeah. I'm More like brano sour, like the neck of a brontosaurus. Yeah. Yeah. But was this still, was this still when you were living in fucking Egypt? Yeah, I was. I was. Yeah. Like bro, Bro outta all the stuff that exists in your storyline. I like this is this like, Logan's gonna ask you if you have any hot takes on the pyramids.


Like the I did not know this interview was gonna go there. What the hell? Which I do have hot takes on the pyramids for Sure. I I knew you did. I knew you did. Yeah. I'm reading my PDF it said the first four years of your life lived in Egypt. Yeah. Which, which, which kills me. 'cause anytime, anytime something Cleveland comes up, there will always be like one, just really douchey, angry, old white dude who's like, he was born in Texas and it's like, I I I lived there for one and a half weeks until my baby body could sustain a flight that was a 19 hour flight to Africa. So I'm also African. That's crazy. And it's even more, Which is another controversial take for the, the Cleveland argument. You know. So I, but even to that point, You know, my, my first job was in Cleveland.


I lost my virginity in Cleveland. First person I saw got shot was in Cleveland. First mix tape I put out was in Cleveland. Like home is where the heart is, you know, so Cleveland home is where those shots ring out. And I a hundred percent, when you see a man's brain splatter in front of you, that's the spot right before you go to open up for Gucci. Man. Like that this happened. Oh, this is, dude, I was 15 or 16 years old, dude. It was in front of the metropolis. I'll never forget this. This is, and this is, and, and, and all the club promoters know me here because they, they used to have to call my dad and like make up excuses so that I could stay late enough to open for the artist that was performing. you know what I mean? And so, but that, I'm just, my, my point is, you know, the, the argument of like being born somewhere, it's while at the same time a sports player from the middle of nowhere who only spent time in Cleveland making money and just playing for our team, the, the welcoming they have versus someone who I, like I I bled so, so much passion and, and pride in these streets in Cleveland.


Like this, this, that's something you can never take away from me. I'm Cleveland to the death. Yeah, Man. And but, but back to Africa. Well I want to hear your hot Take on, on the pyramids. They were built, they were built with frequency. Like those stones were literally picked up with levitated. Like the, there, they still, I don't know why this isn't even publicized, but there, there were dishes right? Round, round, massive sized bowls discovered all around the perimeter of the, of the pyramid in which, you know, there, I love this study of this guy who, he went, don don't know if he had cancer. don don't know what it was. But he essentially, this was in the early 19 hundreds. So like 1920s era. He went over to Tibet or to India, some somewhere in East Asia.


And he got footage of them 'cause he, he was embraced by them because to fix his sickness or something like that. And he was embraced by them and they trusted him enough to show them this process of how they picked these massive, these massive cylinders up. And they would have yaks drag the blocks over these big bowls. And then they would point giant horns and huge drums. Like all, all the sound was focused You know maybe in like a half cylinder like this towards this one point. And they would play it and they would chant and they would hum. And the stones would lift and it would go to this place in the, the cliff where they wanted to go. So like the bowls would essentially catch the sound and the frequency would lift it.


And if you even listen to the building of the pyramids, they're, they all talk about there was chanting, you know, that, that, that was a a a very common through line. And it wasn't like they were singing on some You know early Disney's movies. Like hi hold type shit. You know. So like I a hundred percent believe believe that frequency has something to do with that. Even if you just go to concerts themselves. Look at people when they cry or look at people when a a, a song is playing the, the absolute loss of everything around them. How they're just so like, it it, it's like a church service. When The music hits, you feel no pain. Dude, when I did Ayahuasca and for those whoever do that, if you go do it and there's not someone singing, like it's not the proper way.


Like there has to be somewhere, someone mine, they were Peruvian shamans and they would go to each individual person and speak straight to your crown chakra. And they would, they would sing these, they would channel whatever your body as energy brought to them and they would sing. And when they hit a certain note, dude, your body uncontrollably would just start purging. It would just start puking. And I I I could tell You know when, when Megan and I did it, we were separated. But I could tell when it, it was the shaman was singing to her. Like you could, you could, even though you can't see anybody because it's a pitch black room. I could tell whenever, whenever it was her song.


Mm. And I and you would hear when they hit a frequency, like it would resonate with different people in the room. 'cause people would puke at different times. So, So it's like a, a symphony of puking basically. Yeah. Each person gets their own song to Puke to. But it, but, but a frequency would make three different people puke at the same time. Like they would hit a certain note and then all of a sudden everybody would just purge. And would those people that puked at to the same sound wave, would they like kind of congregate as that level of puker? Well you're in your own, you're in your own zone. So no, I don't think after you puked, I don't think anyone in mid trip just got up and was like, Kate went and shake shook, shook hands. Like, Hey you, we, we both puked at the same, now go back to your trip.


I'm gonna go back. But that was cool that we puked at the same. Yes. When did you, when did you do, because I wanna Megan, Megan knew every, actually everyone the the one comment, the one commonality in that room after we would like, after everyone would calm down and come down and you all met at a star deck later. Not everybody 'cause we're all strangers, but everybody was like, oh, I knew when you were puking. I guess I was the loudest puker. Yeah. And also the shaman, the, the shaman gave me the most dose of anybody. So I was the t it was 22 people, they of course waited for me last, which was just such a like, God-given like test of like, your patience and anxiety is so fucked.


You need you, you, I'm gonna now make you wait this hour process to get to you just to get your Oh man, You know dosage. You got Iced I Got, They iced you ice. That's great. And, and when I went up there and I sat, there was a translator for the shamans and the shaman was You know, told the lady he had, he, he has this, there's, there's something, I forgot what the exact way she said it. It was really hos but a giant black shadow. Right. Like a dark. I've heard this before. And she was like, he needs The most, He needs the most Whoa. So, okay, so you, you did this in Peru.


I did that in Costa Rica. In the jungle. Yeah. In cost Rica. What, what do you attribute in, in terms of change in personality and being an identity from that ceremony? Mm. How many times have you done it? Four times In a, in a hunt for separation? From ego, from self? No, that was a specific, I I went specifically for something that I, I have not reached a point like where I'm comfortable talking about. Cool, cool. And like, did I achieve that Now I? I maybe, I mean, I know I started like finally, like there was one person ever that I like talked to about what I went in search of, of You know.


I, I've had to learn to like rewire myself from my childhood. Like of things that I wasn't ever Okay. Admitting to myself. Right. So like I, that maybe it helped me actually be able to get to the point where I like didn't black any of that out. Got it. You know. But I, but I know when I went there, I, I mean dude there i i, the first night I was in like a mud hell where like fingers were like popping out and like I puked my dad's body parts up and I've heard it's an insane experience. I've been talking to a lot of people about it lately. We were talking about it yesterday. You know a number of really You know big celebs athletes, You know creators, whatever.


Jake, Jake Swears by it. Yeah. Oh, does he? Yeah. Swears by it, dude. He's like, everyone needs to do this. And, and I believe another creator, we know that it was like one of the most important things, don Don't know if he talks about it publicly, but he told me recently, he was like, I, I cannot believe it exists. And it, and it changed my entire outlook and it led him to a, to a massive overcoming a massive like life pain and trauma. And, and I think that's really what it's best for is just kind of overcoming all that, all that trauma that's kind of just sits inside of you. There's an interesting thing about it because I think like in mainstream media we hear that part, right? Which is that it's like this like really cleansing or like help, help helps me with like ego death or all whatever You know, like what, what you said.


But there's also the aspect which I learned, which is like, you can unlock this is clearly how so many people especially You know down there in South America, like that, that root for Sure showed them what plants did what, right? Like that like, and this bring this full circles back to the pyramids thing. Because if you think about primal people like those ages where it's like, how did anybody know in this forest of millions of different species of plants and animals, like how did anybody just figure out what does what, because the trial and error of taking different leaves and being like, I'm gonna put this on this.


It could be favor. It, it's insane. And also same with when you think of like Chinese face mapping, which is extremely accurate, right? Who there isn't the, you can't convince me that some dude just like trial and error personality traits from millions of people's faces for like, it would take so many different lifetimes and generations of someone like these. It information is unlocked through these practices, right? Like ayahuasca for Sure showed the people of South America, this plant is good, this plant is bad. Use it. 'cause I felt that on the second night where I was like, you you saw the web of the, I saw like the math of The world and, and, and in my frequency is much less than the people back then before phones ever got into people's minds before all this You know Information Like overload.


Overload. Yeah. We're so overstimulated, right? So all of our frequencies, no matter how much we could try to unlock, they're way different than back then because all they had to do was like, learn they enjoyed the sun. Like the Well there's 10 people in their village. Yeah. That's the only people they know. So These, these roots, like what it did for them was insane. I say the same thing, it's almost like in, in Norwegian culture, like in in my culture with like the ruins like stuff that I have on my fingers, right? These are, these are essentially like, these are magic, right? These are casting spells, right? The and and these runes were unlocked. I mean this obviously is, is mythology and I'm sure some of it is folklore, but there, there's always some truth in this highlight. The ayahuasca unlocked this for the South Americans.


But like with the runes, they say, oh, and hung upside down from the, the tree of life for nine days and nine nights. And that that essentially that whether it's the blood rush or whatever it was that took him into a state, an altered state, which showed him the magic of what the ROEs mean and how to like, why they put them on the shields. Like this will, this is a, a spell protecting you, or this will You know give you bravery or this will help your sword swinger, swing You know more accurately. And so I, I just, I think there's something about what the Egyptians and just with that mystery of sound to me, that, that that is a hundred percent it also seems Achievable.


It it's like a theory that makes sense. Have you watched sand on a metal plate? When they, when, when, when they play a frequency. Have you watched the beautiful shapes that sand wakes when you play frequency? Yep. Have you thought about the fact that in the Bible, when they talk about the walls of Jericho come down the, you're talking about, what was it like 20? I forgot how, how thick the stones were. Yeah. But do you realize that they talk about the people outside that broke the walls of Jericho down were just like playing horns. That's insane. Like it's How did you sound, sound? How Do you go from Colson? How do you go from Apollo theater rap devil like era Shit.


Yeah. Those are such wide d Whatever You know like that. Like I'm, I'm trying to put a mark in time of like the of of like Cleveland's own right? Fully tatted going crazy. Machine gun, rapid fire You know beats to this now awakened, enlightened individual. What was the, what was the kind of inflection point where that started? There is a big difference between those Two. That's, it's actually very weird. That's a good point. I I You ever thought about that? No. Were you a manifester? Well, like I was with you the other night outside the, I talk about the story that Other night. This was insane. Yeah. We were outside Cleveland hotspot called town hall the other night just happened.


Just a, a conversation. You're very, very excited about your current trajectory, about Lonely, Road You know your, your new single with Jelly Roll. And you're like, yo, I think this is, I think there's a, a good chance this could be my first overall number one and potentially even a Grammy. People are really digging it, loving it. And I I could see it in you, like I could really see that you believed in it, you loved it, you love your current, like where you're at right now. And as soon as you finished that sentence, the song came on. It Was, it was insane, Was instantaneous. And we just both looked at each other and, and it was like one of those Manifesting universal moments. Whereas someone like me, I'm still in your 2011 body. I need to be, I need to be convinced of this type of shit.


I need to be convinced that that, that this disillusionment is not a thing that magic does exist in this world. If you, if you believe in it and you're able to manifest, I need those evidence points from you. But were they always in you? 2011, Who was your favorite Rapper growing up? DMX. Right after that I was in the studio with DMX. They said DMX doesn't get in the studio with anybody. DMX came to my studio. We stayed up till nine in the morning, went to Denny's in the morning after the studio session. I've done that with you before. It wasn't after studio session. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You are not, you are Not DMX, right?


Well, I'm just saying no You know. It's, I appreciate the early morning breakfast for Culture. Come on bro. We went to that morning breakfast spot. Yep. Let sick. But No, no. Your, your, your life has unfolded in a crazy way. Not that, not to hijack your answer, but, but I'm gonna Well, unless you had more to, more to say. I mean like, it sounds like you're talking about manifestation of just how your life has changed. But as someone who also grew up in Cleveland and has watched the different chapters of your career, literally since the beginning, bro, I'm talking about like, you inspired me and Jake to have a meetup at Strongsville Mall. 'cause you did that as well.


And shut down Strongsville Mall. My, I remember my cousin MG K's from Cleveland. I'm a wild boy. I, we we were going crazy to your shit. Yeah. And then you just keep getting more and more famous and, and and, and so were we. And it was cool to kind of like see another kid from Cleveland. Just, just like, just making it and just, and just being an artist. And in, I'm getting somewhere with this. It's gonna take a second. In that same clip where you talked about radiating, you talked about having that ego death you also talked about and came to terms with what, what I perceived as you just being an artist and, and you're kind of up for interpretation and, and, and, and otherwise, if everyone would just always liked you all the time, like that's boring.


There's no story there. And I've seen from day one damn near the different chapters of your life up until you even buying my house, bro. Like, we like, like, like, like the paths have intersected and it's been so cool. And I remember one day at your Christmas concert, man, this had to be four or five years ago. You, you were, you were rapping still. You hadn't made the, the rockstar shift. And someone said, one of your boys was like, he's hyping you, hopping you up. He's like, he's the greatest rockstar of our generation. I'm watching you do these fucking dance moves, play guitar, throw the microphone 50 feet in the air, catch it behind your back. I'm like, yo, this motherfucker might be a rockstar.


Why? How is he, he's rapping, but I think he's a rockstar. And then you made that transition into rock and you fucking crushed it. And everyone at the same time was like, oh, he's a, he is a rockstar. And everyone started to like, wake up to this new version of you. And then you had this brand new relationship. And now recently the black dot tattoos. I know I covered a lot of ground there, but it's like you really are an artist to the core bro. And your life is just like chapter after chapter. And as a fan, it's so cool to see you evolve. You're very good at evolving. But the impetus of what I'm saying, Is, it doesn't sound like for you, you really had that like conscious shift where you were like, this Is it.


I'm, I'm, I'm doing rock now. Nah, but it, but It's, but it seemed like that's when this next level MGK was reached, at least in my opinion from a fan. I know, like in a, in a chart reading before they said in 2012 that I was supposed to, that was the year I was supposed to be as big as I am now. But I blocked, like I blocked that blessing. Mm. How, and it's ironic 'cause 2012 was the year that I Got signed and it put out, you know, my first record. And that's when Wild Boy was going crazy. And like there was a potential for me if I, if I wouldn't have blocked that blessing. How did I block my blessing? Uppers and downers.


Uppers and downers dude and drowning myself in Jamison whiskey over and over again and making sure that I was positive. Everyone wanted to see another recreation of all of the two thousands rock stars. And I include rappers in that too, right? Which was just like attitude and like the MTV era where you could like play a character. And that resonated. But that wasn't who I am. Like I'm a, I honestly, I'm, I'm, I'm a very shy dude, but my defense is so high because the offense seems always so against me. It's like when I was in the ring yesterday, just, just coming to say what's up to Logan?


And, and see what we could work out for the show. And I saw Randy Orton and I remember seeing Randy Orton You know talk shit about me. And I was like, You know, I I, there's a point where I'm like, I'm gonna practice like a new version of myself. And then at 3, 2, 1, I'm like, fuck that. Hey man, fuck you. Wait, really? Yeah. I, you didn't I don Don don't know where you were. But all my, I remember all my boys were sitting there like, Oh no. Oh no, what happened? Is this real? What is this part of The script? don don't know what's happening. But I I I, it's the, the, the, the amount of people that pin me as the aggressor in every situation that I'm in are so wrong.


Like, I, I do nothing but commit myself to art. And the, and there's another funny factor of just like the art of me standing or existing makes people furious. And I, I saw one of 'em, I don, I don't know. Wait, Which one? The Strickland one. I don't know this guy from a crumb of bread, right? I, I didn't know who he was when I met him. I Got hip afterward that he's like insanely racist and homophobic and just not my type of guy. So I would've never even wanted to shake hands with them in the first place. But he also is just a representative of every person who's too scared to just be themselves.


'cause if you're comfortable as yourself, you don't care who anybody else is and how they are A agreed. I I had, I'd met him that night too. And I had a, my ex, I can't say anything bad 'cause my experience was vastly different 'cause I'm not you and he didn't have a visceral reaction. We shook hands. It was very cordial. We talked for like five minutes and I walked away. But I know of everything that he exists as on Twitter. And he, he fits very nicely into that community of, of exactly what you just said, which Is it kind of intolerance and just, and just desire to spew hatred. He's so dumb that I'm gonna tell him right now. You should not keep saying stuff because it just makes me look better. But you're going to keep saying stuff.


So I know that you'll react and say more things. But you're, you just shouldn't as, as


Every day thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Leslie, but people at the heart of everything they create. With my team at Comcast, we developed the Xfinity voice remote and tested it to recognize different types of accents, inflections and languages. New movies. Movies for kids. Now 40 million voice commands a day are heard by the Xfinity Voice remote. Visit comcast corporation.com to learn more.


A person who's just giving you big bro advice, learn this, shut the fuck up and don't, don't speak on me anymore and live your life. But you won't. And I'm going to continue laughing at you because you're a fucking idiot. I just felt bad for dingo. Dingo's an idiot. Dingo. Dingo. And I love him, but I Dingo's an idiot. Introduced dingo. Introduce them. He's like, yeah. It's a it's a wrap. It's a wrap. Yeah, it's a wrap. The thanks. Okay. No go. You were gonna say something? No, the Thanks. The fang the thanks. Yeah. I, I I approached you yesterday, had an amethyst crystal in your hand. Yeah, I Saw it immediately connected to I love amethyst iss. The one crystal I like actually like really resonate towards when crystal hunting had the whole conversation.


I noticed your fangs. They're real. Yeah. The fangs are real. Yeah, dude. Crazy. Well, how'd you commit to that? You, you said your boys say, say, I will suck your blood. That was hilarious. My, my my, my friend called me up FaceTime yesterday and said that like, I will suck your blood like that, bro. We, I went, I was just at my dentist, who's a good friend of mine. I, and I had been You know telling him, I just, I, I need my, my teeth sharpened and I need fangs added into my mouth. It doesn't affect your speech at all. It affects me closing my mouth. Really. I'm a insane grinder when I sleep and I wake up every single day with a headache 'cause my teeth can't grind and they just like, I don don't know what they do.


And it, but a again, to me, art is, Art is above life to me. Like my job is to entertain and my job is art. Like I would, I would live and die for this. That's why when you bring up You know that people were calling me a rock star before I was actually making rock music. I I Don. And, but it somehow made sense. It's because, you know, being a rock star is aura. It, it's, it's much bigger than a genre. It's lifestyle. Look at, look at Lil Wayne. You can't tell me that's not a rock star. Yeah. And when You know, I remember when I made the controversial take of that got so many people in the rock community mad when I was saying You know all these bands are up there just wearing comfy shoes.


They got furious. But I was like, that does, that does piss me off because I'm a person of the people. Like I'm a I'm, I'm for the fans. And as a fan, I don't want you to come out in sweatpants. I don't want you to be comfy. I don't want you to like do what's comfortable for you. I want you to come out and entertain the kids. Mm. And so, Backlash You know we've been doing this, or they have to do this for this many years, or it's not about that. It's, it's about music. No, the record's about music. Go home and listen to the cv. I don't care what they're wearing when they make the album.


Yeah. But when you're putting on a show, it's literally called a show. Yeah. Show. What are you gonna go to a burlesque show? And those people that are, I've seen some of, they, they put their bodies through some of the most insane flexible positions or things where they're holding their entire bodies up with their elbow and their ribs and their You know. And you're, you're talking about, or or ba ballet dancers. They don't have the option of being comfortable. So I-I-I-I-I, this really all related back to one specific concert where I watched kids get frost bite from sitting, this was in Edmonton. It was so cold outside. Their feet got wet from the snow, which turned into mud, which gave people frostbite because they were standing there for so long to see this headliner that I was opening.


And this person came out like he just woke up out of bed and he was perfectly comfortable, but every single person in the crowd was, and and they don't get to leave and be like, that was that show where he wore that crazy, whatever it was. And that was so cool. They came out and you don't, there wasn't even, you looked like, is that him? Like, is this soundcheck? What is this? And to me, when you saw Axl Rose in the super short shorts, or you see Tommy Lee in his Speedos, or you see You know Lil Wayne in his truck fit with his pants all the way, like the, like, it it's just about a show. So I I I don't I don I don't, I you you gotta miss me with the like, but the technicalities the music and it's about that.


It's like, Yeah. I, I don't agree with you. I think if you are a person of the people, you're there to You know, impress and put on an art show. And it's not art to have your feet comfortable. But You, you also actually became a rockstar. Like, it wasn't even just like the way you described a little Wayne, I was a rockstar when I was on Warp Tour in 2010. No, no. Facts. Facts. Right. Like in 2010 when I was on Ernie Ball stage, performing for the 15 people that would stop and watch our show, passing between Pierce the Veil and, and and taking back Sunday. Taking back Sunday, like for the 15 people that would watch us at a, at a truck stage, that would fold out into a little stage for me to stand on.


I was a rockstar. Then I probably in 2011 when we were loading our drums out of our van and putting it on that stage and covering Blink 180 2. And then at the same time me rapping over Break Your Neck by Busta Rhymes instrumental, like I was a rockstar. Then me coming out with the six inch Mohawk at the same time that I had a huge rap record with Wild Boy, I was a rockstar. Then the, the the, this is just, it's a, for for whatever reason, dude, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've been chosen to just be on the cross and getting Stabbed over and over again.


I disagree. I act, I disagree. I think, I don't wanna say you're, you're polarizing, but I think you're a certain flavor of ice cream that people really fucking love. And maybe some people just don't. But, but the thing that it always comes back to for an artist like you is your art. You're undeniably great, bro. And, and, and I and I get reminded of this every once in a while like that, that a pistol, like freestyle you just like did on the cusp. Yeah. Actually in front of the eucalyptus tree in the backyard, there was like the reason that I bought that house.


That's why I bought that house too. No fucking way. The eucalyptus tree. Yeah. Wait, actually Dog, I walked into the back of this house, the person is like, oh, the owner of this house says you've been here before. And I'm like, it is weird 'cause it's really familiar. I looked at this tree Yeah. And I said, I'll take the house. Yep. As you sent me a selfie, you said, I think I'll buy your house, sir. Yes. And I was like, dude, this is perfect. Oh my God. The tree. The tree, It wasn't the conversation pit, It was the tree. And then the conversation pit was next. You're an idiot. You did Not have to, you did not have to suffer. Logan. You did not have To suffer. I was Right. Right. Everyone talks so much shit, Bro. That was that. I put that Conversation Agony, bro.


Jackhammers at six in the morning for Four weeks, weeks On it, bro. And and we use that thing maybe like twice. That's, And I know you use it all every Day. That's so nuts, bro. Yesterday I was like, I go Colson, do you ever use the conversation pit? And he lit up. He's like, dude, I've had the deepest conversations at 3:00 AM It makes me so happy. 'cause my roommates, my friends, you guys toasted me. And also we never used it. I even didn't really like it that much. It was the color that you guys chose. You had like gray sway made. I didn't do Right bro. Have you seen what he's done with the house? I, I haven't. Oh, And what Do you, what do you call it again? The ches hour cottage. That's amazing.


That's amazing. But yeah, the tree was incredible. It's why it's like, and anyways, pistol, this freestyle you're doing in front of there. 'cause 'cause the other thing is, bro, you, you play the instruments as well, which is kind of like a lost start. More than one, like all of them. And, and, and, and, and your flow live or seeing it like no cuts or anything is just incredible. So, so while people, I don't, I don't know, I think, But people then go, oh, but the MPC isn't plugged in. That was one of the, that was, that was where the comments went. They, it was so, it was so good. The wrap was so clean. The, the vibe was so clean. They went ah, but the MPC isn't plugged in. It's an MP C Live too.


My friends, there is a portable speaker and it's called batteries. There is no plugs needed. They're they're NPCs. That's why they're Saying you are an PCNC. Yeah. That was No, but People are going try to Discre discredit. No, but I know, but I know that it all boils down to one ru and I'm sure you'll agree with this, it's white hiphop. Oh, A hundred Percent. When you come on, when you come on in white hiphop, you are automatically discredited. You are automatically put on the cross that he described earlier. You are automatically a culture, Steeler, appropriator, whatever the fuck it's gonna be. You know what I'm saying? And he's had to battle that the whole time. I won't deny that there is a, there is a subconscious stigma, stigma a around that being white and hip hop.


It is like, and it's almost, to me, it's so funny because the streets fuck with me so tough. It's honestly from other white people that give me the most shit. It always Is. And so like That and then the, the crazy thing is, is there's only been one who's done it. Yeah. There's only been one who's done it. And, and and crossed that line of we accept Acceptance. Yep. And so shut Up Vanilla Ice. Yeah, Exactly. My boy Van Winkle. And so I think You know that is, that's, that's, that's, that's the goal.


And you know, to, to me, I, I, I crossed that, but You know to always up for conversation and You know that that's a, that's a reality. That that gives me hunger that I need to, to continue. But, but also at the, at that, to keep going at the end of the day. Like it almost doesn't it, I'm sure it matters so much to you, but like to someone like me or to a lot of the fans, it's like, then you bring out, you, you, you drop tickets to my downfall. And like for me, I'm listening to that for the first time. I'm like, dude, what the fuck? What am I every workout? I'm in the gym, bro. Every, I'm like, wait, this is a, this is an award-winning single song.


Next song comes on. This is Award Jawbreaker songs that people just bypass. Almost like end of the album type shit. I'm hitting you up. I'm like, yo, can I put this in the back of my YouTube video? This is my favorite fucking song. Yeah. Just brought on a whole new genre. Now we didn't even talk about this yet. Little country twang. Yeah. With with Jelly Roll and Lonely Road. You, you're able to just keep kind of reinventing and evolving into these new genres. I, I wanna actually, I wanna hear a little bit about the Jelly Roll collab. 'cause it's like the biggest thing in your life, right? Now I would say. Or one of 'em, right? Yeah. Like how did that, how I I Got the pleasure of meeting Jelly Roll last night. He's potentially one of the sweetest, he's fantastic, most positive, incredible people both in the personality that he, that he puts out online and legislature for addiction and, and the way he speaks about that community, but also in real life.


I mean, meeting him last night was incredible. What what has that experience been like for you? My, my my favorite time I've had with him was going to the, to the juvenile that he was locked up in. Me and him went there. I walked in immediately. The officer that had locked him up was the officer there. And so he's telling me all these stories about Jelly. I love this one story where he was like, man, I locked jelly up one time. And he was in that cell right there. And he just wouldn't talk for days. And then I just went up to him and was like, You know what, what's wrong Bubba? And he was like, man, I just miss my mama. Aw. And the jelly that You know now, but then sitting in those You know, in those, in those cells with all the kids and imagining 15, 16, 17, 18-year-old jelly in there, the, the, the inspirational kind of that feeling of watching this man now smiling, wearing all these diamonds, being the man, seeing You know the kinship between him and that officer.


Now seeing the respect that all the kids have for him. I mean, it was, it was an outof body experience. 'cause that's how a lot of people are when they come with me to Cleveland, right. And they're always like, man, there's just cities just loves you so much. I just don't get it. Which, and and so I Got to experience that with jelly and, and jelly is even even more intense just because of his prison sentence. Right. And so, and then we just went into the different pods and I just whooped all the kids' asses on spades. My bad. But What about the project, The song, the pro the the, the song. I mean, that was one You know when we, I was in the back of a pickup truck with Bayes Charlie Handsome, who's a, who's a, a really big producer, especially in the country world.


We were at Jeff Bas Oscar's house. Jeff Baskar is a produ. He did like fucking, he's, he's the drum. He's a drum. God. Right. He did like, he's the reason why I Don don't know if it was Yeezus or beautiful dark twist of fan. He was the reason why those drums sounded the way they did it was Yeezus, right? Yeah. Those, those drums, which my god like those that that was, that was that Ba Sound. Sound. And so we were up there recording and we were, he was like, you guys wanna go to the beach? We're like, yeah, let's just get out the studio for a little bit. And we had just hopped on the back of a pickup truck and we're riding down the road and we were like, man, there's no one out here or whatever. And You know Beja starts going Country Road, You know.


And then it just, for whatever reason, because there was no one out there, we were just like, Lonely Road take me home. And we got to the beach and we were like, Hey, remember that we were just doing a pickup that was kind of fire. Like, should we try that? So we went to the back to the studio. We, we did it. And when I say we did it, we did like four lines or something and then moved on to another song. I knew there was something really special there. But that song is also one of the great, like Country roads is one of the greatest songs. It's, it's incredible. All time. We've, we have jammed out to that song for years to the highest degree at the craziest moments. It Is it is never a bad time to Play that song.


Which is why I was so precious with it. Which is why I took two years changing the Key so many times going for a frequency that would resonate when you hear it. Right. So like at first my voice is really low. It's very barone. So like I would, the keys were lower, it would be F sharp or it would, you know, I was just going for lower keys. And it never, when every time it came on, I'd be like, and I kept pushing for it. Pushing for it. And then You know Jelly and I had had a kinship 'cause me and him used to beef, we didn't fuck with each other at all. This was like 12 years ago or something like that. And we had become friends and he and I, at the same time during the tickets to my downfall, You know he and I had talked and he was like, dude, I'm really inspired by you doing this.


Like, I'm gonna tap into to country, like where my roots are from. Like that this, this feels right this, you kind of open this whole door up. And I was like, okay, jelly will be great for this song. I, I wouldn't tell him though because he's a country dude. And I didn't want to tell anybody that I was flipping country roads 'cause they would be like, fuck off. Yeah. Not doing it. So anyway, I worked the guitar over and over again because I was like, I can't come out with this country. It can't be, it can't be like blatant country now. It's funny 'cause post in the past two year while I was doing Lonely, Road Post did this. And so the whole time I'm thinking, I'm like, fucking people are gonna fucking say that. I'm just, yeah.


Dick riding, following this You know, like, and I had to like humbly sit there while I'm, while for years I've been curating this song. No. Like knowing that I'm gonna get, like there's, I'm gonna have to fight a a against something here. But I'm in the car with Jelly after the Grammys. Right. We both lost the Grammys and I know he is feeling down or whatever. So I call him, I'm like, where you at? He's like, man, I'm You know. I'm rolling over here. Like, come meet me. So I, I go meet him. He and I get in his car, which it's so funny. He's driving himself. I'm like, you drove yourself to the Grammys dude?


He's like, man, I'm so white trash. I can't fucking, I can't get it out of me man. Is it just like street parking. Dude, we were parallel parking. I mean we were pulling up to parties, like looking for parking spots. And he is, and he's the biggest act of the night. You know besides like Taylor Swift or something. You know. Like, we were just like, so, oh, and this is true. Like, it's so funny. I went, I we rode by the Chateau and I was like, oh, there's a big line there. There's probably a party. We should go there. Dude, we were up and down the street. We parked far as fuck like No way. He walked up this. Yeah. I was like, we could just valet. He's like, nah, we'll park this up here, blah blah. Like he ain't changed at all. At all. And so I'm in the car with him and I get the ox chord and dude, that same thing, like that took over when it told me to black out my tattoos or when it told me like, tickets to my downfall is the, is is the name.


Like when, like those moments of when the universe is telling you something. It told me Play Lonely Road like the demo of Lonely Road. I pressed play and he was like, what the fuck is this? And I was like, man, it's just, it's just calling you. And he was like, I'm on it sick. And then he got on it and then I made him recut it 8,000 more times because I was so precious with the country roads flip. And we were doing it in different keys. And then, yeah, I mean dude, I I I was just want people to know I really, really was cautious with the way that we flipped it. And I also didn't want to make it an American landscape song. Like how like he just how John Denver, like You know speaks on the Chattanooga and all the, all these this beautiful thing. Like he already did that.


So I needed to make it my own. And I think the way that I did it, it can You know, I explained this a little bit in the video I posted, but it's, it's not a heartbreak song. It's a, it's a conversation with yourself. Like none of it is like too your partner, which it, it comes across like you're talking to someone. Right. But it's all like talking to yourself. So if you go back and listen to it from that perspective, it's actually really cool. Dude, Did you ever have a rat problem with the house? I dude you say that and I'm stressing bro. 'cause like, I don't know if it's like I, Got. I thought you were joking. No, I go yesterday, I go, you knew about this. I go, did you ever figure out the rats? He goes, didn't know about that.


Oh man. And I go, oh, then you're probably good. I have three cats that are Absolutely. Oh, you're chilling Savage, you're chilling. Dude, I've seen my cat like that. One of my Bengals, I'm and, and Tommy, I have to call Tommy Lee and, and and Brittany all the time for their bird fixer person because my cats snatch birds out the air No Way. Like it's like it's Whoa sport butt Hunter Have great, you noticed them getting any fatter off all the rats? No. There's, he said there's no rats anymore. I don't Mac right there. The cat killed them all. The cat killed them all. That dude had a rat crawl in the window and land on his face while he was sleeping.


Woke up to a rat on his face. Yeah, that's true. It traumatized him, changed his life. You gotta Look up like Native American meanings of what that means or something like, something like in indigenous and see what the meaning is. Because there's probably something either it's like you're gonna it that might be why you're successful in art. It might be like you're gonna, this, this means financial successes coming to you. It's Definitely what it means. Mac when A rat crawls on your feet. a hundred percent. Yeah, a hundred percent. Do You, do you, do you record bangers in that studio? You use it? I do, I do. Oh, you use it. I recorded El pistol in there. Let's fucking go. I recorded, I recorded my final vocals of Lonely Road in that house. Oh Shit dude. Shit, I'm so glad you got that house. 'cause you're using it the right way. Like why did I make a studio? Dude, I'm not Doing it. I was telling Make You did it perfect because it was, it was, it was all lined up.


We gotta keep it there. And you know why we have to protect that. Why We have to keep it, we have to keep it because of that tree. Like I don't trust that someone will get that house and be like, Hmm, get this tree outta here. No. Which That tree uprooted a lot of fucking sidewalks, dude. I do. I had to do maintenance on it. 'cause it's like the roots are have a have a tree doctor, check it out like regularly. Oh yeah, the rock. It's fine. But I did have to, you'll notice I had to cut some branches because you Have to, to save the tree. You're probably good for another five, 10 years. Okay. But Yeah dude, the fact that, that you and Megan got the House is Yeah. Crazy. Does, does LA still, did you fall in love with Los Angeles? Is that why you're there? Are you there for work or are you one of the people?


'cause for me, dude, when I went there for the first time, I said I've never been anywhere like this before. I, I think I'm gonna be here forever. It really like grabbed me. And obviously over the past, past, as we talked about privately, we don't have to get into specifics, but over the past three to five years, it's, it's been getting, it's been having some problems. There's been some issues there. And it's been also getting a really bad rap from the general public. Do you, do you still love la I like my house here in Cleveland a lot. More like I lo I like here is like here is always my favorite place and I don't say that because it's the thing, it's the right thing to say. I say that because I mean it, but I don't like LA anymore because I don't do cocaine Re right.


It seems So hard to evolve as a human in that same it by going Yeah. It's almost, it's almost like I loved when I went to LA and would run the strip. Like I loved being on Sunset. I loved the lure of what, how, how every rockstar pivotal pop culture, how You know Elton John was in this room and then would go and write Rocket Man. Oh, I loved how You know. It just, I mean, even me as playing Tommy Lee and the Motley Crew movie, just Oh God, Oh God. So insane. I forgot You're a fucking actor.


Actor too. Bird Box. A bird box. Insane. I a fantastic guy. These movies, I'm like, what? Fantastic Way. Thank you man, dog. Shit, we don't have enough time with this guy. What? Yeah. I love the strip That my, that, my point with that was, I, I love the strip and the food is good. The food is, do you good Michelin star restaurants. Did you, did you always feel the way I did that la Even though it's like the sunniest warmest place, it, it just has an innate darkness in it. It's the darkest place, potentially the darkest place. It's, it's, it's, it's the city of Los Angels dude. Agreed. It's absolutely the most. I've watched people get sucked up and watched their cheeks get sucked in and look like they're ghouls and goblins now.


And I was like, yo, you were just a human. Yeah. Last time I saw you. And then I would realize You know me and Slim and all the boys fell out for, for a while just because of, you know, my addiction problems. And they were like, who are these people that you kick it with? And then I started realizing like, dude, I don't ever see you before 11:30 PM And also like, what? don don't know your job. What do you do? And then also, I don't know your name for real. you know, and like, I would be having just like the longest conversations or just nice, whatever, just Giles moving like You know 5:00 AM after Party La Convos.


Dude, I, I played the, I played tickets to my downfall for, I, I mean, dude, a a thousand people that I will never see again in my life. You know what I mean? Where I, and then I see now when I go back out, if I'm ever out, I'm just, I just, I'm like, I feel like a parent or something where I'm like, It's also not the, it's also not the same. It's not the I Don remember like, there it was cool. It was cool. There Was a big, there was a scene. There Was, I feel, I feel like when, when we actually first met, we went to a Dan Zer and Halloween party.


Yep. I feel like that was like a solid time in LA No, That was maxed out. That was like Right. That was for our Generation. I agree. I think that was like the version of You know the Steve McQueen Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. Yeah. Leonardo DiCaprio character playing whatever his character was in that movie. Like that was, that was like that it was like the Playboy Mansion or something. Right. That was that version of going and seeing like, holy shit, this is what, this is what they talked about. Yeah. Yeah. My favorites though was at, on the Rocks above the Roxy of course. Where, where John Lennon and John Belushi and You know, fuck I, I'm, I'm, I'm blanking.


But all, all, all those guys in the seventies, they would live there. Like, I think when John and Yoko broke up, I think John lived in that room, which is in the hidden room where we would just go and, well, that was always do Blow all the time. You know that, that was Always your type of vibe. I love, I love, dude, I I'm, I I love Dive bar cultured. Did the Chand, the Crystals and the chandelier in that room. Yeah. That's the, the amount of shit those crystals have seen. He, yeah. And it was honestly like everyone just went, whether they were painters, singers, models, whatever it felt so like Andy Warhol in that room. Right. It felt so like it was everyone, you know, did something. Or it was, I, I loved that scene and that was where I would play a lot of my records that ended up blowing was I would You know.


I would, you, you could hop, you could go there and you could see MGK DJing and like hear like brand new songs while in the mix of also listening to like The Killers or whatever new hot rap shit is going on or whatever. Like Yeah. I, I, I love, I liked the balance between being able to go and see like, oh, this is our version of like the Playboy mansion and then going and seeing like just all the scene kids, you know? Well that, that area of the strip, like that viper room, like that, that area's is like the the cool spot. Yeah. That's where Todd did his what his 40th birthday at at Roxy, right? Yeah. Yeah. I Got a question that I don't want to come off disrespectful. Oh, and I you're fucking No, I just wanna ask it the right way.


You're icing 'em. It's like the ayahuasca ceremony all over. I just want, I, I look so like, okay. When when you started Dating Megan Fox, was there a part of you that was like, damn, I'm, I'm dating the girl from Transformers, Megan Fox and like, I just achieved the dream of every single guy in The world? 'cause 'cause 'cause you unders you understand every kid growing up, Megan Fox, was it The hood Open on the car in the Transformers movie? That's a scene that they always Use. Have I have a wife? Yeah. I, I think Hmm.


Bro. Like I know you were stoked. Admit it. Be Callon for a second. I'm Logan. I'm Colson, I'm lo I'm Logan. You're Colson. I was stoked. And you Yeah. Come on bro. Come on. You did it bro. I I you did it. I'm proud of you, dude. That's crazy. I went to my friend Rook and I was like, man, they offered me this like, really small movie part and what is probably going to be a shitty movie, but Megan is in it. Yeah. And he was like, if you don't get on that fucking plane right now Yeah. And go meet your future wife, like go do that. And that was, yeah. I mean, that was that I, the, the script did not sell me on that movie.


Yeah. And something just like Ayahuasca, the way that it calls you, there was something calling me to go do that. And that was where I'm at. Man. You know. That was where my one, That's crazy, man. But I, I mean, I also, to be candid, I went to the Tower City movie theater and saw Transformers for the first time here. And I walked out and I was obviously massively in love. So for Sure, you're Correct. Full circle Dude. Also, also, not to just keep intertwining paths. You guys proposed in my neighborhood in Puerto Rico. That was wild down the street from me, right? Yeah. At the tree in front of the spa. Yeah. He texted me right after I was like at, I'm in front of the spa with the cobblestones.


Yes. At the Fritz Spa. Yes. The best spa in The world, by the way. I'm like, bro, are you Here? Did you, you left? It's Aban. It's a banyan tree. It's a, it is a baan tree. That's so Oh, that so crazy. That's a very special place, dude. Yeah. How did you, how did you scout that? Yeah. Why Did you, why did You do it there? Why, why did you do that? Banyan trees to us. I mean, they, they stand, yeah, we should go look up the what Baan tree symbolizes. It's really actually, it's probably the most epic tree that exists. And I know also the Baan tree is just for fans of You know movies. Like the avatar that the, the, the Tree of Life is inspired by a baan tree in which me and her went and visited.


That was actually one like off the coast of Bora Bora that James Cameron went to. And that one's really tucked like, like we went exploring and they told us where we could find it. And we were just driving up this muddy pathway. We get out and we're walking through like this, just, just, just bushes. There's no buildings, there's no lights, there's nothing. And then this dude in a like a cloth go sees us and goes, And we were like, thi this is a movie happening right now.


Walked he like on some Lion King shit. Remember when they, when when they, when Simba is lost and like Timon and Pba like pull the, the leaves of cart and then Simba like sees, and then it goes into the, oh we boy, it goes in all the bugs and everything all together and they just shows why the forest is amazing. This happened. This dude goes like this, like spreads the branches and leaves or brush the brush. And inside is this massive, beautiful banyan tree. And so that, that tree has been a through line for us, for You Know.


So, but, but why, but why the one in pr? Like how did you Just closest Because that was already met. The closest that was already met. And that was where a lot of the conversations like had had taken place. It was, it was a very special thing. Oh, that's right. You shot the movie there. Yeah. Oh, we got, we got trapped there in Covid. Great place to get trapped. I remember that. Yeah. Fantastic. Not so Bad. Fantastic. You guys have a Fantastic place to get trapped. That's the best. I tell you. That's the best spot in The world. It is. You got, you and Megan from what the outside seemed to have just like, just really, really deep connection. Does feel like you guys are like intertwined at the soul. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm very happy for you guys. Is she pregnant or was that like a little like I saw she had a little bump. You gotta go.


No, I, I I, I'm, I'm, I want ask you one question after this, but is she, is she pregnant or was that No, no. That was, that was, that was a music video that was, I mean, again, that's like, I, I like to leave a lot of stuff up. Her interpretation. There's a reason behind every single thing that happened in that music video. Even with You know JII, some part of me is like, leave art up her interpretation. I guess that's where I'll leave It. Okay, cool. Easy. But everything has a meaning. So I did want to ask though, 'cause we, we saw it and Nina obviously knows of Megan and you and she and she's like, we were just so curious 'cause my fiance Nina is pregnant. I'm expecting a daughter in two months. I know how much you love your daughter and you speak so highly of her and just like, dude, help me.


Like, what, what, what can I expect? Dude? I'm gonna be a girl dad. Yeah. Which is, which is terrifying, but so exciting at the same time. And, and I, I, this next chapter of my life is so close, but I, it doesn't, I haven't done anything for this. My life has not changed at all. Then all of a sudden I have a daughter. Yeah. So everything that you do from the day that she is conceived to the day that she dies, like everything will have an effect on her. So always try and watch the tone of your voice. Always be your pheromones are so important. You know, make sure that you keep that girl close to you.


Make sure that you, you, you have a thi this made me b my eyes out. My, my daughter came to me and she was like, I just, I just needed, I just need your hug. Like, there's nothing like my dad's hug. I was just like, Oh God. I'll just start. Like, she, she hugged me while she was talking to me. I was like, Damn. And that comes from just like years and years of just always giving that safe embrace, right? Like you're the first, you're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. Come on bro. You're gonna be, you're the first man she's ever gonna be in love with. And so you have this connection with her.


What, no matter what anybody does in her life, no matter who she marries and what you are always going to be the safe place for your daughter. And so give her that. Give, give her that love that so many young girls and grown women out here don't, don't get to have Yeah. And Fuck you bro. And make sure that she doesn't stand around when I'm telling stories And Oh, oh yeah. He said you were, you were saying crazy Shit. I you with 15 year, she kind of, she kind of rolled in when I was telling the story and I You rolled Out when you Started. Nah, I switched it. I switched the story into a story about respecting your teachers.


It was not where I started. It was still, I Was just like, It was not where I started. Hey Uncle Mike. I appreciate That, Bro. Yeah, man. Yeah. I, I, I said that was the last question. I do have one more. Yeah, yeah, please. And just, I had, I have to ask this dude. The decision to black out your tattoos was crazy. First off, how long did that take? I think like 70, 70 hours. Was it painful? It was the most excruciating thing I've ever went into my life. It, it, there was a point where I like gave up and I just felt like I was just dying. Like, I mean, when you have to wake up after six, seven hours of it, go back and you're talking about 44 needles, 21 needles, different thing just going over and over again.


And plus my body was already tattooed. So essentially you're just tattooing over scar tissue. Scar Tissue. Yeah. Who did it? Who Did it? Her name's Rox. Got it. I I, yeah. There was a point on that table where I just was, I, I I felt my body leave my body. I was just like, 'cause you, what do you, what can you do? You can't, you can't stop. You have to finish the job. You can't You know. I would never in my life like go under, you know, to like You know go to. I was gonna say no, no numbing, sh or Any, sorry. You, you have to dude, you, I just, I just gave up and gave my body to the, to the gods and was just like, alright. Like, Jesus, dude. Okay, so then hit me.


So then this is the, the hardest part of This. How do you make that decision? What? And you goes, I'm, I'm a black, all these tattoos on my torso. I looked in the mirror one day and I was like, this looks like a person who has rewrote himself so many times on his body and just doesn't know who the fuck he is anymore. It just looked like straight chaos. Right. My chest was just like, I had redone my chest six times. Dude. Just, just the chest, let alone like other places where I'll just, I'll throw this over this or throw this over this. I just, it just looked like someone who was completely confused.


Yeah. Like, it, it it your body, right? You gotta treat this like you're writing a journal or something. Imagine if you took a journal and you like You know you just kept writing over the same page every day for your, for I started getting down, I was 13 so I don't know what don don't know. What. is it 21 years? For 21 years? You just on one page just write different things. Crazy. And then look at that page and then tell me if you're not confused, like why didn't you just turn a page and start over A new thing? Yeah. Or why didn't you just like, why didn't you just space out the lines like that? That was how I felt. Fair. It's sick. Thank you, it's so sick When you did it. I was like, bro, fuck you.


I it's not done. I'm obviously a friend and, and just like a fan of, of your art. But like, you continue to just surprise and impress me. I love watching the journey, bro. Thank you. Yeah. Thank. you you Didn't even touch on 27 Club. We don't have to, but, Oh shit. Or MGK Day. He's a restaurante. I mean, but it's, it's Coffees fine. It's fine. And great food At it. Yeah. I came and ate all the food Yesterday. Yeah. I it was it. Yeah. It was nice. It was nice seeing you replace addiction with, with food and just going out the way you eat food. I watched you. I was like, this dude's done so many drugs. Damn. The way you ate food Was, this is such a known thing. Do absolutely insane. This dude, like the the cautious bites that you should say.


The, he didn't carry his fingers, maple syrup everywhere. Just, it was, It's wild. It's an experience to watch him eat food. Watch Of Efu. Right? So that's a thing. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. For Sure. Oh, It's known. Oh, it's crazy. Is your coffee shop nearby? My Coffee shop is right there. Yeah. Very Close. And the food's fantastic. You Wanna go? Yeah. You wanna stop by there real quick? I'd love, yeah. I I'll be down 'cause I, I need to grab some coffee or something. MGK day as well. Yeah. I think this will be out by then. But Bro Cleveland fucking loves you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry you got boo Thank. you because of me last night, Dude. I had, I it's, I I mean entertainers for the art dude, my bad. I told you I Reaction. I thought, I thought I could bring it home. I thought those knuckles would do it. That's, I don't know, Whatever. I Got, A lot of prop show the knuckles at the club last night. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


My boys like, I mean, you know, and, and they're, they're big, big fans of, of The You know of what's happening at wwe and they were just like, they couldn't say it out loud like in the arena. They were like, yo, I like those knucks man. Yeah, let's go. Let's go. Alright. Hell Yeah. How, how was the club last night, by the way? Must have been fun. You're An idiot. You're an idiot. You go out the, the night that I don't go out and then you, we go, I, I went and did Lonely Road at every bar. Stop possible. Fuck. Come on. I went and did that. There was a, there's a, there's a, a country bar called the Farm and they come over to me and they were like, Hailey Welch is over there. Yeah. And I I'll talk to it.


Yeah. And I was like, or they were like, What was your reaction to that? Great. Well I just, I, that was how that, that's how the thought in my head of, oh, it's a country bar. Right? And so I was like, oh my God, we should just, we should just run Lowly Road tonight. Like, there's nothing better than when you're breaking a record and you just go and just So I missed the only night that I had it. You missed a great night And SL slit and Pissed Slim was furious. Try calling him right now. You see he didn't answer the text. I know he didn't. I texted him, Fuck, I'll make it up. No. That I, I was, it was just a good night with the city or whatever, but, you know, I I Don don don't drink anymore i's my, my version of going out is very like much more strategic. And that was You know.


I was kind of there with the purpose knowing like, this is a good night for the city of Cleveland to kind of hear Lonely Road for the first time. Yep. What, is it what month? Is it. August? Yeah. I I'm I'm sober officially a year. Congrats. Yeah. That's impressive bro. Yeah. Thank you it It'll really change your life, won't it? Dude, It's a good look on you bro. Thank you, you're Thank you, your aura, I'm telling you is, is like, you're, you're, you're vibing. You're high vibe Thank you as, as Kevin was saying, And, and smile and smiling more than ever too. I like, even, even like when I posted that picture of me and Jelly from last night, you have all those like Twitter communities, like MGK fans that are just like, he's smiling again.


He's always smiling now. Yeah. He seems so happy. Rare. I guess That that room last night was Ra was radiating bro. Like the three of us together just felt cool because like I know it's, it's cool to be around people that battle the same demons that I do. And like Jelly obviously has so much of that I know. Ingrained in him. Yeah. It's, it's that journey. Is it constantly bumpy for me. But What do you find the hardest part of it? Just that itch. It never goes away. Never goes away. But I, I I agree. It's a, it's a You know. It's a, it's a good look and, and I really just want to do it for everybody who feels like they can't, you know?


'cause I like, I really took pride in how uns sober I was You know. Yeah. Yeah. That's the rockstar lifestyle. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But What was your, what was your drug Besides all of them, but like your main one? Mm, cocaine. Cody. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Cocaine. Codeine. I and I, and I liked, I, I loved, I mean, you know, I love thirties fifteens, perks. Like, those were, That's where I lived. Those were, those were saucy for Sure. Like I would take them in the studio and just rap for days. But You know I'll be at the house trying to chill right now. Getting sober off the alcohol and pills right now on the mic. I've been sharpening my skills right now just in case I gotta pick it up and kill. Right now.


I'm rapping late before I had a deal. Right now I'm hungry. Like I never had a meal. Right now. I, Got, the blues getting green like it's te right now. Can't get out the game. Like I'm joining Peel right now and I'm chilling with lp. My shirt's Fred Perry and my underwear lv. My mind's all Gucci and my body is healthy on this mission to the money Big Mike, let's get wealthy. Sounds good. And I'm in Cleveland right next to where hell be with the telescope. They couldn't see me. I'm stealthy mainstream sellout, but can't nobody sell me. I made it out myself. Couldn't nobody help me. Everything is just like thought. Alright, gangster bro. Thanks for doing that. Hell yeah. Nah, for Sure. I didn't wanna ask. Ask Finally I've seen Gun Kelly ladies.


Yeah bro, thanks for coming on. It's been a long time since you came and performed live on episode a hundred of Wow. In the garage of the house that you ended up buying. Yeah. Let's go. So crazy. Let's go Mama. Mama Paul. Let's, yep, yep, yep. Alright. That's it. Ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for listening. Washington v subscribe. We'll see you next time. Take you these cruise Go stream Lonely Road right now.