
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Nick the Giovanni. Yeah. When Gordon Ramsey is in your ear yelling at you. Stupid Cow. I only got really yelled at one time. I just remember the way he started it was you, You talk, you how to cook a corpse. One of our recent videos, we trained a bunch of rats to be able to cook 'cause they're one of the smartest species in The world. And we made Rati with these rats, which is pretty cool. You didn't run out on purpose. I know that for a Fact. That was probably the moment in my life where I felt the most stupid. I mean, look, I felt stupid a lot. Where's the best pizza on the planet in your eyes? Currently? Currently? For me it's a, What you're saying is offensive right now. Okay. So the chef that trained Gordon, actually his name's Marco Pierre White.


He's pretty intense. Apparently he made Gordon cry and I think he said, I did not make Gordon cry. That was his choice. He chose to cry. Where are you guys headed later, by the Way? Jimmy invited us to go. Well me, but we're gonna bring Mike anyways to go to, he's doing like a Halloween haunted house. Like the little brother? No, he's actually my big brother. No, not since you had the kid. Do you wanna know really why he brings me along places. Tell me I bring the boom. That's what we do. Okay. We all right?


I'm sorry for that outburst. It's all right. Okay. Hmm. Have we started? Oh Yeah, I think so. I think so. I guess We can probably start. Yeah. I On your cue. What should I say? I think No, I think you Just did it. Yeah, we're started. Oh, Good. Yeah. Yeah. I'll do an intro for you. Okay. Alright. This guy to my right, right here. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Nick. I don't think we started. What Do you mean? Yeah, we did. I I, Got. No, these are the best parts. Everyone loves all this. Yeah, but Nick, you're making me nervous. Oh wait, why? I didn't do anything. I know. It's the way you look, bro. Oh yeah. Me too. Look at him. You have any, you're a gorgeous human. That's better all Ladies and gentlemen, it's Nick DeGiovanni. I, hold on. Did I say that right?


Di Giovanni. Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, Dude, this just shut the podcast down. He's nervous. We, no, we've just been doing this show too long, bro. So many people have passed us. God, it's over. Dude. If you're still watching, man, please just hit that unsubscribe button. Please, Please tap out, give You permission. Give yourself a fucking over. It's done. Dude. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Nick the Giovanni. Yeah. Thank you. This guy to my right was on Forbes 30 under 30. He was the youngest finalist in Master Chef history. He's broken multiple Guinness World Records with Gordon Ramsey, and he's got a YouTube channel for cooking with over 20 million subscribers on it.


Dude, you're amazing. Thank you Yeah. Anything to say about being amazing? I Got. Nothing. You also forgot some other stuff. Oh, No, I, well, I just wanted to qualify 'em a little bit. I kind of just took the, the top few people don't know you because the first time I met met you was, was kind of recently, Super recently in, In Mr. Beast's million dollar Influencer box Challenge. Yep. And, and dude, I, I was like, who is, who is this good looking guy? I hate him. Right. Because like, you know, that's like, that's that. I get it. That's the alpha coming outta me. I I get it. I was like, man, but then I started talking to you and I was like, oh, I love him. I love him. Can I tell you something? I didn't know that we'd get along either myself. Really? Then I met you. I was like, I, I've told so many people now.


I'm like, Logan's the nicest guy, Dude. I I, I've been bragging about you. I, when we got partnered up, I was like, yes, Dude. Mm. Kai was upset. He wanted to be your teammate. I did want to be Kai's teammate at one point, but I, I thought Nick at the end, I thought in that last challenge, it's funny 'cause obviously if you haven't seen the Mr. B's video A That's crazy. 'cause they have 250 million views. But we had made it very far. Yes. Final, final eight. Right. We slept over. So we were there. We were there, there, yeah. I mean, we slept over, which was not fun. I had a fitness tracker on zero minutes of sleep that night. Oh, you didn't at all. Zero minutes of sleep, Dude. You were also the only one by the door. I felt like you were guarding the whole group. Air Conditioning. Oh, you run hot.


Yes. Same. I put my room 60 62. Ooh. So air conditioning right by the door. I was worried someone would wheel me out during the night, but I was like, I, Got a risk. That's cold. That's frigid, bro. That Is that freezing. Let's, fuck. Did you have, did you have a, did your parents allow you to touch a thermostat when you were a kid? No. My dad was super intense about it actually. We Were really, and was it a hot house or cold house? It Was usually whatever you didn't want it to be, because You know what I Mean? a hundred percent hot in the summer, cold in the winter. Yeah. No, we were not, we were not supposed to touch it. Got it. So when you get your own place, now it's time to rebel. Now. I. Just go For, I'm Turning this into a meat locker. I just, I don't know about Meat Locker, but I just, Dude, 62 degrees is, that's cold. That's meat locker. But you know, when you set it to, it's just like cooking like an oven.


Right? When you set the oven to something and then, well, this doesn't really make that much sense. I'm just not even gonna go there. Everything you do in life, you should relate it back To cooking. That's good. That's Good. I was like, I'm not gonna start this because it's not gonna Work. Yeah. But that, that box challenge was, was, was really cool. 'cause we got to meet a lot of people that we just didn't know. And, and you were one of 'em. I walked away thinking like, dude, I'm, I'm glad I've, I've fostered that relationship with, with Nick, who I really enjoyed. I Totally agree. It was a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. We started small talking. You were telling me about tuna. I was like, this dude knows a lot about tuna. Yeah. Too much almost. No, no, no. 'cause you made whole, whole videos about cutting a really expensive tuna in Japan. Big Bluefin tuna blue Is, is that o Is?


it is o Toro The highest level of tuna rating. So it's not about the rating. It's Is. it different cuts in the tuna. Oh, It is. That's a different sex. See, I wanna preface this before we even start this part. No. As we said earlier, normally these food conversations are limited. I get about 15 seconds. Okay. And then it's gotta go back to wrestling because you love Food. I know you, I'm obsessed with food, bro. And today I feel like I have pretty good permission run it from my boss and the Illuminati by proxy Okay. To have these food related conversations. So, okay, so what part of the tuna is the oto is O toro from? Well, so I'm the belly, right? So a tuna has three different parts. O Toro, Cho Toro. And a Kami is the lean tuna, the the bright, beautiful kind of reddish color that you see.


Yeah. So yeah, you're, you have a, you have a taste for finer things, huh? O Toro. For Sure. Yeah. About what's it like, pay like $23 a piece for It. It's expensive sometimes, But It's so Worth it because there's not so much of it in the tuna. Right. But yeah, in a really nice big tuna, you'll you'll have one cut You know of, of that beautiful fatty. 'cause it, it, what it is is just like Wagyu. It's like that perfect marbled fat in between intramuscular fat. Right. It is what happens in Wagyu. So it's like, this actually helps explain it really well. So Wagyu has intramuscular fat, which means fat between the muscle. Yep. And that's why there's spotted stuff between the little bits of muscle in the, and the Wagyu. Same idea with with o Toro and chew. See We can go like disturbingly deep, which we're not going through.


I actually do wanna dive into this tuna thing. I think tuna is fascinating. So Are we gonna go all the way to marbling score? 'cause we can go to marbling score if we, if I mean I think that might be above pay grade. Yeah, I think that's above his. No, 'cause he tells me all about the marbling score. We Did I Got him a 12 in Wow. Vancouver. He had the 12 Wagyu. Yeah. Okay. No one's gonna know what we're talking about. I know somebody will. Okay. No. So technically it was like an A six Wagyu. Like you hear about a five Wagyu. What we had in Vancouver was like, was eight six. He Was saying he was, he was kind of big up and it was, he's He's making that up. Yeah. It doesn't exist for Sure. It was a For Sure sale point. Yeah. I spent $2,000 on a piece of meat. No, No, no. But it wa it was a 12. He brought the, he brought the nose sprint certificate. Yep. Like it was an actual 12, but a six is not real. That's not a real Thing. That's not real.


But you were diving into this tuna and you were telling me how expensive tuna can get in Japan and how they Yeah. How they're so particular about the type of tuna that hits some of their market. It's really intense, right? Because even the the top tuna sellers, there's one guy called the tuna king. Do you guys need to close that or are you It Is kind of, it's kind of cold. I mean, well, He likes it's like 60 62 and it's on its Way down to 62. Is it No You know. It's fine. I, I run hot as well. This is too cold for you guys. No, I love it. Have I Got a sweater on. So there's a guy called the Tuna King in there and I've, I've gotten to meet him a couple times and he's like sort of the top dog in the tuna, tuna purchasing space. But he picks who he sells his tuna to. So if you don't do good things with, with his tuna at your restaurant, you're not buying his tuna Pretty.


And they have that once annual auction. What, what was the highest tuna that ever sold? It was like 2.3 million or something like That. Yeah, yeah. Something crazy. I don't know the exact number, but it Was, that's The same price, ironically about the same price as the Ani home run ball. Wow. What would, which one would you rather take? A giant Tuna or, or a a a Tani home run ball. Oh, I might take the tuna No way. Nick No way. I might take the tuna. Anyways, we started talking about this tuna. I was like, bro, I like this kid. Then we just started shooting shit. And we got to the, to the cooking challenge. You and I had somehow made it into the Final 10, which at that point is like half odds, half strategy. Yep. And you were like, yo, do you, do you wanna team up? And I'm like, I don't know bro.


'cause You know Jimmy's like, is gonna pin us against each other. Right. And people thought I rigged the game. 'cause you the top chef ended up as my partner for the cooking challenge. No, We were just having fun in there and we wanted to team Up. I was so happy you were my partner. It was great because I Got to see you do what you do best. My element, I I I realized quickly why you had 20 millions of subscribers. And now dude, I was telling you my algorithm, especially shorts. Nick d Nick d wow. Nick D Yeah. Look at that. Do you have a lot of beef in the cooking world? Like do you, are there, are there chefs that you would want to take? There's A lot of actual beef. Like literal the food. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Got it, got it. But in terms of the Beef, beef, terrible joke. No, no, That's good. No, no, that was good. So you guys just laugh. No, yeah, no I did.


I did. I was laughing on the inside. We'll cut it Like it was funny. But what do you mean? Like, like, okay, You know, like for him for example, he You know he, he's like the alpha guy. Like somebody steps to him like, oh, beat you. Beat you up. Right? Sure. For you like, is there, like, do you see, do you, do you appreciate all other chef's work or is there somebody that you're kind of like, damn bro, like if I went head to head with him, I could beat him. Right. Now, I think there's always gonna be competition in anything. I think competition is fantastic, right? I'm not trying to give like the, the basic political answer, but I do think it's one of those things that makes you wake up just a little bit ear earlier. If you have a couple people out there that keep you on your toes all the time. So yeah, I'm sure there's a couple people out there that, but at the same time we're, I think we're really focused on trying to grow, not not past the food space, but just like really try to, to, to do all sorts of different things and not always just super strictly food.


Right. And so that's why we experiment with like, kind of bigger ideas and bigger videos now. Like we just, one of our recent videos, we, we trained a bunch of rats to be able to cook 'cause they're one of the smartest species in The world. And we literally trained these rats to be able to do different things. And we made Rati with these rats, which was pretty cool. And like that's not cooking really. Right. But it's like totally different and it's fun. So I'm trying to break outside the food space a little bit on that front and or the cooking space. I'm trying to break outside the cooking space a little bit and go bigger. But yeah, I think, I think it's like I, there are definitely like names that come to mind of like different competitors in this space, but I think everyone's pretty respectful with each other.


You are obviously so successful at what you do. What you do is also cool. You're like six foot two and you're extremely good looking. Why are you so nice and not a douche? Yep. Why do you think Don don't know you're a sweetheart First thing. Probably Your Is it, your upbringing, Your maybe. Yeah, my parents are super strict and I have three brothers, three younger brothers. So we all keep each other in check a little bit. 'cause the first three boom, boom, boom, we're consecutive. Mm. And this is in Bo and you're from Boston originally. Grew up in Rhode Island. So I grew up, oh, Sorry, sorry. From Providence. And you live in Boston now? So I grew Up in a small, a small You know the, the small state in the country. And so You know probably that helps.


It's quieter. It's like more low key. But yeah, You know I have a great I Got. I was lucky I had a great family. Or I gets to know Res. Rhode Island gets no respect. Rhode Island's the best zero. Rhode Island's The best. Do you ever hear like ro do you ever hear the way Rogan talks about like state, like he calls Connecticut the drive through state. He 'cause you just, there's no reason to stop. What Do you call Rhode Island? Just So small? It Is small, Nick. That's fine. No, it is fine. Yeah. And of course it's fine. Yeah. But it's like, but it's like You know when you want a girl to think that you're like hot but she, she calls you cute. It's just not really what you were going for. Do You know what I'm saying? No, Dad. Of Course you don't bro. 'cause they call you hot.


Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. But can I just say Sure. I think but Rhode Island's the ocean state. We just talked about tuna for a while. There's a lot of tuna from Rhode Island. Yeah. More, I guess maybe more from Massachusetts. But it's a great, it's a beautiful state. I don't, I don't mind about, I don't mind it being small. If you Really wrapped your state, wouldn't, you've gone to Isn't Johnson Wales in Rhode Island? And you went to CIAI Almost went to cooking school. Wow. I didn't go to cooking school though. I did like a little bootcamp there. You're right. Oh, got it. But I just, I I went to college and then I, and I just See this, that's what I'm really curious about. 'cause like cooking in general, the there, there's an art. It's an art. It's, it's an art. What you do is like artistic. It's, It involves all, all your senses if you think about it.


Mm. Right. Let think about it. Let's, let's break it down. Put it together. Let, let me put this together. Okay. Smell. List out the senses for me and I'll, I'll tell you where, where it happens. Okay. Smell. Smell. I mean, come on. You're, you're smelling things all the time. You wanna make sure smell's not getting burnt. you know that, that's, that's easy Touch obviously just touching The food. You're feeling things all the time. Moving pans around. Sight, sight. You Yeah. Well I, I've cooked, I've cooked blindfolded before. But You cook blindfolded today in your challenge. But It helps to have sight, Taste, Taste all the time. You're supposed to taste all, all throughout cooking of course. And then when you finish, that's the best. And the last one. The ability to see ghosts. I. think he No, they might have messed that one. I. Think he might have been confused. Yeah.


What's the fifth, fifth one? Hear hearing it. Yeah. Explain yourself. How do you hear it? I mean, being in the kitchen, it, it, it's, it's amazing. You can, you can tell if, if and when something's done. Sometimes probably just by, I mean I I I can sort of almost feel it now and, and hear it by just, by by. If I close my eyes, I can listen and, and if something's sizzling in a certain way, I'll, I'll know if it's done. Also, here's a cool thing. You know the raindrop, the raindrop sounds in a movie I heard are made with just sizzling baking in a pan. If you, have You ever watched that before? How they do it? They're, they all the sound effects are so, isn't that cool? Interesting how they make it all. There's like behind the scenes stuff now you need all of those to cook.


But recently, I know we're all over the place, but may maybe it's fun. I don know. Recently I tried one of those places where you, where you take away one of the senses while you eat blindfolded. It's called, they call it like Dining in the Dark. I haven't done this. It works. It does it Really, it really does work. So you, you actually, they actually blindfold you outside of the restaurant. Okay. And they, they lead you to your seat. They don't want you to have any kind of perception or understanding or thought around what the space around you is like whatsoever. That's crazy. So they lead you in, if you have to pee, you raise your hand, they bring you to the bathroom, then they take your blindfold off, they come back. Wow. You knock, they grab you. They works. Back works. It really does heighten your, your other senses.


Okay. When you take away one of those senses. 'cause 'cause it's, I think it, it eliminates some of that brain activity and, and it diverts it to one of the other senses. Hmm. If you can't see for some reason it's actually really hard to tell what you're eating. Oh, That's, that was a problem. And they gave us, one of the foods they gave us was soup You know how hard it is to eat soup Blonde. Yeah. Why is that? I'm not a big soup fan. Really? But you I bet you can make it. Sure. I-I-I-I-I mean soup is fun in the winter. Maybe once in a while that's Knock out pac It's okay. Yeah. Sure. don don't love gazpacho either. I hate it. It's cold. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just find soup to be boring. Mm. See this's. What? I don't understand, like, you, you, you didn't go to cooking school.


No. So, so how do You know how to cook so well? Well, just same thing. Family growing up I was, we were, we, I I, so I I had two great grandparents that I Got to know two great grandmothers on my dad's side. One passed away when she was 99. One passed away when she was 101. Oh my God. And they, and the, the one that lives to 101 cooked a lot and really well. So I Got to watch her a bunch and then I Got to watch my dad's mom, who was also fantastic in the kitchen. And then Master Chef after college. Master Chef was crazy. Master Chef was crazy. Youngest finalist in history. It Was really fun. Yeah. Were you scared of Gordon Ramsey When I went in there a little bit. But also I don't get really that nervous by meeting anybody.


It doesn't matter who it is. I'm just sort of like, You know. 'cause when you meet anybody, you guys know this, you meet anybody and you're sometimes just like, you see this huge personality online or on TV or whatever. And then you meet them and you're like, oh look, You know the six foot. He's just a six foot two regular guy. There, There is truth to that. But there are sometimes some people Sure. Like the Rizzler for example, who, like, you meet these people and it's just like, I get it. I understand. Like, why you are you Aura? Dude, dude, nah, no, no, no. He's a hater. He's, No, I'm not, I'm not a hater. I'm just, I'm an appreciator of, of the opposing viewpoint. I'm a, I'm a fan of Big AJ and Big Justin. Yeah. Bro. To me, to me two people that actually bring the boom far outweigh someone who in my eyes doesn't bring, he doesn't bring the same level.


That's insane. Have you seen Bro, Jimmy Fallon was just a guest on Rizzler show, Whatever dude in my, did they, and By the way, he does bring the book as well. Did the Rizzler come up? Did the Rizzler come up at the same time? Yeah, bro. Yeah. They're all in the same, Yeah. And he's independent. He's an independent artist. I'm just gonna let this play out. I didn't want to interrupt. No, Because don don't really have anywhere to go with it. I just, I just think about what AJ and Big Justice have done for the economy, for corporations like Costco. Like what is the Rizzler true economic effect been? It's dude, honestly, how dare you. How dare you. I'm asking you a a a critical question. No, there would be no. You're just providing sentimental upsetness. Nah, bro. Have you seen that Face team? I I met the Rizzler real life. Of course I've seen it.


I met the Rizzler real life and the amount of Aura that guy has Is it. It's, it's tangible. It affected everybody in the room. I seen a tweet. I seen a tweet saying like, I'm tired of these fake celebrities. First of what, what makes a real celebrity? I'm tired of these fake celebrities taking over. And it was a picture of like the Rizzler. And I'm like, man, you clearly never met the Rizzler. He kind of reminds me of Tony Soprano. Yeah. And just like a St. Str in like a strange time. About What? I have no opinion on this. So, So So wait, you're telling, you're telling me when Gordon Ramsey is in your ear yelling at You know you smell like you smell like wet bedsheets. Pretend just, yeah, let's do that. You're An idiot. Sandwich. Pretend You're hemp. Pretend you're hemp for a second. Thi This beef. Wellington is horrible.


You are horrible. You're a horrible person. Your eyes, I wish you didn't have them. Do you Have a better British accent? Scottish, Ew talks you how to cook a corpse. Fuck you mate. Bring it back to the, to the, to arsenal. don don't know. What do they say? Like this porridge tastes like dog meat. I think that your content itself, the, the, the words you said were better, but your accent all, Gimme the words Don don't, there's something about his eyes. Your eyes, mate. They're lying to all like, I'm now I'm just So, so I only got really yelled at and reamed at one time. And it was, it was, I do remember it.


I just remember the way he started it was he said, you and he was standing on this balcony and he said it like that. It was just very intense. And what had happened was he had told everybody to stop cooking for a second. And I didn't hear him because when I cook I get locked in sometimes. Right. We, we were goofing around cooking and I was kind of messing around more. When I cook, cook I get locked in and I was locked in. I wasn't paying attention. I didn't hear. So I kept cooking. He stopped the whole room and he just must have yelled at me for probably a minute. Maybe it was like a minute and a half. I don't know. I Got, bright red, just kind of stood there and looked at him for a while. And then he stopped. And I think everyone just felt bad for me. It was almost sort of like sad. 'cause I was just like this little guy. Little kid at the time. How, how Old were you? Well, I, I was old enough.


Like, I was like old enough to get yelled at. Certainly like 20 don don't know. 20, 22 maybe. Still Very young. Yeah, I was young because everyone else in the room was probably over over 35, 40. Right. So, oh, I was, yeah, I was young. But what Were you getting, what were you getting reamed for? Just not listening enough. Like he said, like, I, I've been telling you guys for X amount of time, stop cooking. You know when I tell you to stop cooking, stop you stop cooking all this stuff yelled at me for. And he just kind of put me back in my place for a second. And then I You know and then it kind of cooled down. He explained what he needed to explain, which probably took less time than he actually spent yelling at me. Yeah. And then we kept cooking. But it was just kind of like humiliating. Right. Because for the rest of the day, I had my tail between my legs and I was just sort of like, Does he feel bad now that you're like a internet cooking superstar?


We just passed him on YouTube. Like that's what I'm saying, two Days ago, like you, you, you, you essentially SunEd him. Congrats Dude. Well, well, and I'm only saying that by the way 'cause we had a whole campaign like subscribe to Catch Gordon whatever. Oh, oh. Which was really, and it worked. Yeah. He, I mean he knew about it too. He mentioned I Got to go back and judge one of the episodes of MasterChef last season. He mentioned it to me and he, I mean he's cool. He's so cool. Well You've gotten to spend a, a lot of time with him off the show. 'cause you guys have done a bunch of challenges together. Yeah, he's Great. Is there any, what, what's like something that no one would ever suspect about him that you, that you know and you Know what I think is super cool that I will say is just like, it's the classic case of somebody who, he goes around the room, he knows everybody's name.


He ask how your family is. He asks You know meeting as many people as he meets. He might not remember every single detail. I don't think it would be possible. But he actually seems like he cares what he's hearing. And when he is talking to you, last time he came and shot with us, he walked in the room. I remember my camera guy went over to try to mic him and he is like, hold on. No, hold on for a second. He just sat down on the counter and we must have talked for like 20, 25 minutes. Just my gosh. Just the two of us hung hanging out, talking, asking me how I'm, how I'm doing, how my parents doing, how. 'cause he is met them and my family and all that stuff. And so he's just nice. He's a cool guy. So. Wow. So a lot of times when you meet, was it Is? it kind of similar to, not to compare the two, but like meeting Logan and having like a completely different like, idea based off of what people say about them.


And then you meet him and you're like, wow, he actually is a really, Yeah, ID Yeah. I mean if I'm being totally honest with you guys, I thought I would like Logan probably less than I thought I would like Gordon Ramsey. 'cause you just like, you have a lot of stuff that for Sure people go off you online for Sure. Yeah. for Sure. And you You know. I, I don't believe everything I see on the internet. Unlike, I think a lot of people in The world, they just see anything and they're like, oh, that happened. Right. And I, I think we know like a lot of the time it comes out that something may have not happened or just someone made something up. Right. But I mean the internet's a tough place to live as you guys know. Right. But I think, yeah, I think Gordon, I just thought was gonna be a little bit meaner in real life and he just was not mean at all. Well there's A lot of like nuance to this stuff. And then once you factor in like the, the entertainment content side of things, like, like entertainment is entertainment and sometimes like being mean especially on a chef show is, is amazing.


I I also think it's so cool that you're probably the most successful, like whatever that means person to come off of Master Chef. And you did it with this internet uprising. 'cause 'cause you have this passion, this, this artistry of cooking that you like and then you turn it into content. But when did that journey start? 'cause you've gotta be one of the biggest cooking channels on YouTube. Yeah, I think we're, yeah, that's our next goal is we're gonna try to just for fun, just we're try to get this world record most subscribed. I think the most subscribed channel has like 30 million. Who, who Is it is, what's His name? It's, it's an as SMR channel. Where's That? Is Zach On? I think it might be him. Zach Choi? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know him, but I think it might be his channel.


He's, I mean he's great. He's fantastic as well. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. The videos are cool. But I think, I think it was probably just a little bit after Master Chef. I was, I was back in Boston experimenting. TikTok blew up. TikTok Not for me. I'm just saying TikTok went crazy as a, as a platform. Yep. And then I just started making fun videos on there and then it just kind of rolled into something bigger that you just, I'm sure you guys get it right. You, when, when you start making videos, there's like an art to it that you kind of fall in love with eventually. And it becomes like you, I don't know about you. Maybe you guys are, you are. Oh, he, he does. I mean my What do you love the art of making content? Because I mean, every time I talk to you, you're just complaining about this. Okay. Well I well I'll explain. So, so outside this is, I love this.


Okay. Right. And I do a show on YouTube called The Night Shift, which has had varying levels of success over the years. In my eyes, if you don't evolve, you'll eventually be, you'll eventually look at the craft as mundane Mm. At first. Yeah. for Sure, when I first started doing them, Now I feel almost obligated to my audience, which I don't have a problem with. But you do need to evolve the craft. The thing I wanna, I really wanted to ask you about on your side is whenever I talk to people that wanna be creators, the, the, the thing I always tell them, but which al which also ends up being the biggest risk. 'cause listen, there's a bunch of cheat codes out there. If you want to, if you wanna blow up right now, go say some fucked up shit. Go talk about politics, talk about religion, make fun of somebody, say some messed up stuff. You can get a bunch of followers easy.


Right. But to truly go into a niche space and truly like DD dedicate yourself to it completely. Especially a space a as as a man. Especially a space to like cooking. Right. It it, there's a little bit of risk there. Did when you first started making your videos where they, where they 100% focused on food the entire time since the get Since the start. Yeah. Got it. It it was cooking. Yeah. But it more from sort of like basic simple cooking all the way into sort of these bigger, crazier ideas. You know, The, the way I've always looked at it with the, with the niche thing is you're either, you'll eat with like the, the overall stuff in general stuff. You can have like a, a pretty solid audience. You do this, you do that and like it kind of goes with you with the niche stuff.


You're either gonna fail or you're gonna be the biggest thing in The world. Totally You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like it's, it's, it's kind of one or the other. But it's Tough. I'm sure you had a video that popped off that kind of early Yeah. Skyrocketed your career. Yeah. We had one that was Making Chocolate. From Scratch. Like fresh. I started with fresh cacao pods, the fruit. And I'm sure you guys now have seen that online maybe at some point. But at first no one had seen that online. It was not just, it wasn't really done. And then we, we got these pods, which are really hard to get you Ecuador's probably the number one go, go to place to get cacao. We got these paws, we made chocolate. I kind of made it like in a sort of hacky way and it was filmed horribly 'cause I didn't understand how to use my camera and the lighting and all this stuff. But it worked and it was cool and it was intriguing.


And then after that it just You know, I just saw a little success there and it was just so much fun. And I just, I think every day after that for like a year, I must have made it at least one video. That's how you have to do it. Definitely. You learn so much. Just keep Yeah. Yeah. You just putting the reps essentially. Yeah. Yeah. But you're a relatively like, new like creator, correct? Yeah. Like four years now maybe. Bro. That's insane. That's the, the amount of success you've reached in four years is is wild. Yeah. It's a lot Of subs. Have you been pleased or disappointed at all by anything involving this YouTube life? It's stressful for Sure. I mean, we have an awesome team. It's a very small team. I I saw a video a while back where you were telling, where you were telling that some guy that you have a super small team.


I remember you went like that with your fingers. Yeah. You said we're locked. No, They're here. Yeah, They're Literally here. Plus manager Jeff. And that's it. Yeah, I remember you said that. And, and, and I, I thought that was cool. 'cause it's just the same way that I am is like, we have a nice small core team. I, I get really sort of bothered when there's a bunch of people spread all over the place and it's just sort of a mess. And you need to trust like this small group of people and then all be on the same page. And, and then I think once you have a team so big that you start not knowing people's names or you like you just don't, then it's like what? It just, it's hard to tie it all together. Right. So I like having a small team, but YouTube is stressful. I'm definitely just, every day that goes by more and more and more and more Stress. What's your, what's your output? How, how often your cadence?


We, well we put long videos out every two weeks. But it's You know a lot of them now would take four days to shoot or like this upcoming video we're doing, we're traveling to six different places around The world, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Dubai, like, I think New York. And then we went to Copenhagen. Like it's just crazy. For One video. For one video. And That's insane. And that one's not out yet. No, but it's just visiting all these craziest restaurants all around The world. Where did you go in Copenhagen Alchemist. You went? Yeah. I was Crazy. So I've had, I've done the experience, not in Copenhagen, but they did a popup, a $10,000 plate popup at the Super Bowl. Oh yeah. I didn't spend that much. It, Well you, I mean, first of all, you can get into Alchemist.


People can't get into Alchemist. That's not, it's not, it's not a reservation that you can make. That's why We went, it sells out in three seconds. It's Insane. Guess how long the meal took? How long? Guess Take a guess. Logan. I I guess a week For dinner? No, no, no, no. For Dinner. Oh, two hours for dinner. Six six. Four hours a week. A week. That was your guess. It's a long dinner. Four hours. Never had a week long supper. Wow. No. What If we've been prepared eight, Eight hours. So You just sat there for eight Hours? Full eight hours. 5:45 PM to 1 45. Craziest thing that they gave you. I ate a butterfly. Same. The freeze dried butterfly scared the shit out of me. What? Like rabbit tartar? I didn't, I didn't know like raw rabbit sashimi.


Raw rabbit. This Is wild. Did They give you that backlit like cream that you, you you scraped off with a cracker and it had like a backlight to it? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. That was good. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Also they gave us a glow in the dark drink, which was pretty cool. Like they turned off all the lights and then there was this glow in the dark drink. That was pretty sweet. Honestly. It was crazy. 50 courses, eight hours. Tell 'em what, do You know what movie is based on the Alchemy? Is it, the menu. Yeah. Chef. So for anybody was No way. So anybody who's seen the what what Honestly it was just kind of cre like even standing outside, it was kind of creepy. And then there's like this one moment where, where you go into a room and there's just this girl sitting there and she doesn't say any words and she's kind of dancing around and like looking at you.


And then she all of a sudden has a bucket of paint and she just like, takes the brush and just eats the paint. And you're like, what the hell's going on right now? And then she gives you a bucket of paint and it's edible and you just paint the walls and like have fun for Wow. Like was the, was the, it's crazy. Was the environment there immersive? Yeah. In the restaurant because when I, when I went, they had like screens everywhere. They had geishas. Like it was real. But the, the butterflies, It blew my mind. The whole Thing. I had some, I had trouble with, But it, oh no, I had no problem. I, I, I'll try anything like that. Any food. I will try it once. I'll try it once. It blew my mind. But anyway, it just, yeah, it just, Do you have a favorite restaurant In The world? Yeah. My favorite restaurants are the ones that are just like, genuinely just the ones that are not fancy. I like to eat pretty quickly too.


Like go in, have a great meal, have some fun, and then get out. Like don don't like sitting there for two, two crazy long as I've grown older and matured that that's what I prefer. It's Just like, so you don't like the gastro stuff? I just don't like super long meals. I, I, I don't love, I don't love them either. 'cause we, do you remember where you went in Dubai? We, we haven't gone yet. It's Osano, it's like in the Aquaquarium because There's a place there called Tress in studios is, well, well, okay. Which is number 11 right now. Okay. In the top 50. Yeah. It's an Indian inspired menu. But, and it's and it's phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. So me going to Alchemist is more on it. It me going to Alchemist is for my subscribers. Like that's 'cause I know it's gonna be crazy for a video.


Yeah. I would not go myself for an eight hour or six hour, whatever it takes. If you're just eating really fast meal, I wouldn't do it. So gun to your head right now. What? Favorite Restaurant? Not or even what, what food are you going to eat? Hey, guess what you're gonna the afterlife today buddy with the Rizzler? Probably some real, I don't even know who that is. You have to go with who's the Rizzler, who was the guy we was talking about earlier? Aura. But a lot of aa don don't Know who it is. Jimmy Fallon just did his show. Show him, show him the thing. Okay. Boy, he does this. Scratches his gin company. Yeah. And he's famous for it. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Wow. Good for him. Fa Raw food, Seafood. I just grew up in New England. So just like nice crudo. Maybe some raw oysters, some, some good fish, like some raw fish sashimi.


Probably just some fresh good seafood. Maybe clam chowder. Like a nice simple seafood. I love oysters, but I have to be honest with you. Okay. The thought that like they're pretty much hit or miss is a little scary. What does that mean? Like, Man, you have to be honest, bro, if you order oysters Yeah. There's a 33% chance they're not gonna be good and taste too fishy. Well, It depends on where you go, right? No, you gotta Know where to order 'em. Yeah. Don't, don't, I don't know. I just order like, I like oysters. Don't Go to a random restaurant where they just have one type of oysters on the menu and order those oysters because that's not what they're focused on. That's not a specialty. They just have that on the menu to have that. Mm. Go to a go to a seafood place, go to a place that has three or four different types of oysters.


I see. And you can try them out and they have someone in the back, the back that knows how to shuck them and, and they're keeping them on ice when they put them out and Yeah. I mean, I don't order oysters unless I'm at a place where I know they're gonna be good because Mm. That's a, I don't wanna get sick. Yeah. And they might not be storing them. Right. And b, if they're not selling them fast and all the time, then they're not turning over a lot of oysters. And then you might get some old oysters, Some not fresh. Are you an east? Do You know what if you prefer East coast or West coast? I, I really like, like Cuma? Motos. They're super cucumber kind of. I think Japan and, and I, I like the small ones. I like the small ones. Why does Japan, why does Japan produce so much quality product? They're, they're just, They're just masters of their craft when it comes to seafood.


And I think they just happen to be in a place that has some really nice fresh seafood. If you look at the whole coast of the West coast and then Japan, that whole kind of area that is Just, have you spent a lot of time? Have you spent time there? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've gotten to travel so much for food because food, so you have to go around The world to try different food. So we've gotten to go all over the place. I Wanted to ask you, when you're traveling, I'm sure you're running into esteemed chefs. Often You know, I I would call them your peers, but do they ever look at you with a stigma like, oh, that's the YouTube chef. He he does, he doesn't run a kitchen. He doesn't have his own restaurant. He makes it, he YouTube videos about cooking. I'm a real cook. I don't know what they say behind closed doors, but I think that I would've thought that they would be like that, but I don't think that they're like that.


I think everyone knows that the times are changing and that everyone's super open and, and nice about, about new people coming to the space. And I think they know it leads to more creativity and hey, I mean we make videos at some of their restaurants and then people hopefully go to the restaurant. Yeah. So I think there's, there's definitely, there's definitely a nice relationship there I think. Do Do you ever want to open up a restaurant of your own? I would love to. Someday if I find the right partner and the right people, I would love to start one in Boston and then spread out from there. But dude, you have to, it's not the top of my list right now, but I would love to. You Have, do you like, do you like smash burgers? I love them Because I mean, He's got a six smash burger and a restaurant. Okay. Then I would love to try one Dude. It is, it's so it's called 10 10 Burger.


Yeah. Because he has a burger review channel. Well, he rates burgers. It's part of channel YouTube. Okay. It's, it's like the, it's actually I would say the most popular like burger review. Nice. On the internet. I I've definitely seen some burger reviews. Yeah. Yep. You, You, you definitely have. Yeah. And he's, he's eaten burgers all over The world and so he decided to make hi his own burger and he calls it a 10 out of 10 and it's like, ah, nice bro. It's like good. It is not a 10, it's like a 9.8, Right. Yeah. Which I'm fine. But it's, it's great. It's a great, it's a great burger I found. Yeah. I found a chef in la He, he, he not only understands like the, the process of making smash burgers, but how to teach it. Chef Jackson, I love. So his whole role before joining the company was teaching other places how to make smash burgers. So you brought up Gotham.


And Gotham in New York is top, top tier, very good Smash player. I call that a very solid 9.5. I'm just interested to see where like the, the smash industry goes and like that, that concept goes because like you kind of saw it with chicken, it popped up with cans and Dave's hot. Yep. Then it now, now Kane's and Dave's hot made a name for themselves in the industry and like took over a big enough spot that they're doing billions of dollars in annual revenue. That's insane. That's crazy. Like really like Keynes is going crazy. Right. I just haven't seen anyone do it in the smash base. And then the next question is, what's next? Like, what's gonna be the next food to become like that, that social media viral food.


That's a good question. If I knew the answer to that, You should think about it. Or you Could just, or you can just market, make it. 'cause you have such a big audience, you could just decide what you want it to be and make it that. That's Right. The problem is honestly I just, it's not my expertise. I'd need to find someone. Of course. Right. Because you saw like, you can see what happens if you really try to blow something up. Huge. Right. It's just hard to keep the quality and I mean, I have to be careful. I I I, I wanna be careful about that for Sure. I can make a, we could drop everything right now. Go to the kitchen back there and I can make a really good smashburger whatever you want. Yep, yep. Obviously if I then tried to just sort of scale it, make it more widespread, it's hard. That's what I don't know how to do that. What, what percentage of the time are you cooking for work versus cooking for leisure, Unfortunately probably 98 to 99% work No way.


And I used to have, I, yeah, I used to be a lot more fun in a different way. Right. In college, I worked at a restaurant right up the road from my dorm. So I would, I would finish class on, I, I, I actually would, would kind of organize my classes around it and I would finish up class and then You know I'd, I'd show up at maybe two o'clock. I'd be prepping until maybe six. It would open up and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom all the way to midnight. And I'd just cook and have so much fun. It was the best. And this was, and you were at school at where? At this point? At Harvard. Oh, over at Harvard? Yeah. Did you already know the answer to that? I mean, I did. I'm not sure the audience did. Okay. That's crazy. But I like how that you just toss that in there. You know. Yeah. You you created a food major there? I Did.


Yeah. That's Insane. Because I really wanted to keep doing stuff with food and I just, there were four, there were 40, there were 49 majors and I didn't like any of 'em. So I just, I there was one that was, you could create a special one and I, Got all these professors to help me out. And it took like two years to make. But I finally 'cause it, it was hard to prove to Harvard that they didn't have something that would work for me. You know what I mean? Yeah. They make it really Food and climate. Yeah. What's the relationship between food and climate? Well, it's, I mean that's a really important relationship. It's like one of the biggest things that impacts climate change, right. Is a bunch of things that relate to creating food. And then a bunch of, I mean a big part of it is the food waste. And then it just kind of a endless cycle of just His sister and his brother-in-Law came over to the place we're staying at right now.


And they told us that, that they didn't eat red meat. And I said, why? And they said, well, You know for the animals and also for, for the environment climate. And I, and, and they said it's 'cause the cows are farting. Methane meth. Methane meth. And I, and I know about this, but I, I didn't realize that like two people not eating red meat would potentially like, fix that. Well it's not too, not two people. It's supposed to be part of a, It certainly not. I know just like You know humans have been around for 200,000 years and we've eaten red meat the entire time. So what about now makes people think that not eating red meat will help the environment anyways. Cows are farting. No. Well for the, I wanna ask. The guy went to Harvard for food climate. Yeah, You're right.


I think you're, maybe you're maybe missing the point a little Bit, right? I'm definitely missing the point. I don't think I understand. Red meat's great. I love wagu. Yeah. Yeah. Red meat's nice. I like, I like red meat as well. But it's just more the fact that it just, it just creates a lot of emissions to, to make meat. But I'm never gonna be someone to go and tell people to stop eating. By the way, they didn't, they didn't tell, they didn't tell me they didn't preach. They, I just, I was so curious. 'cause like, dude, I can't, I love red meat. CI love red meat. It's good. CC the reason why it's probably worked for x amount of years, but might not as much now is because of how many people there are on the planet. Yes. Yeah. And we're, and we're like the, the production of beef at beef has become a mass production event where we're like literally farming cattle at like, and, and by the way is this coming from someone who needs to do so to produce enough meat for the burger restaurant.


So I'm not knocking it whatsoever. Yeah. I'm just telling you that's where all the farts are coming from. You know what I'm saying? Especially if you get like a good corn fed fart. Because in England for example, they require you to use grass fed beef. Mm. And I don't like the finish on it as much corn. I didn't Know that. That's Interesting. I like corn. I like a grain fed finish. Grain fed through. 'cause it, this is technical. Yeah. Anyways, okay. So the relationship between food and climate. Sure. So that's one. So beef, but I'm sure like how well the waste, how people, the waste is. Talk to me about the weight, The waste, the waste is a huge, it's a huge part, right? What's, what's that? The estimates say we, we waste about, I mean people are always gonna argue what's the right number?


But about a third of the food that we create, maybe wasted, which is a lot. Think about it. I did, I did a third of all the food. I put a shrimp in the trash can today that I didn't use. Is that what, is that what I'm talking about? Like, am I the problem? I am, Huh? I just pulled a small piece of shrimp that was stuck in between my teeth out of my, my mouth. Is that, don't waste that. Is that? No, no, no, bro. Asshole. You might be the problem. Pick it up, eat it. I can't find it. Damn. You might be the problem. Damn. So I, I I'm used to being the problem. I feel like Why is, why is food waste such an issue? Is it because, well, Think about it. You just create all this food and then it gets thrown away and then So Make It again.


So the waste is on the, the production side, you're, you're not talking about It's a mix. No, no, it's a mix for Sure. Like there's gonna be a nice spread. I don't know the breakdown of it honestly, but I probably did in college. But it's a mix. Like I'm sure there's a bunch of wasted on the back end for consumers at restaurants and a in a home and everything like that. But then also along the process, You know throughout the whole supply chain, there's just things being wasted the whole way. Farmers have to throw out tons of their crop because maybe it didn't get bought or it just, you know, it's, it's a whole mix of the whole And what A to A to Z And what's the, and what are you, and so the main thing that you're trying to prevent, or, or at least discuss preventing in this program is what Impact, impact on climate. Yeah. Is impact. Oh, I was just Studying it.


Climate change or I, I was just studying it to learn more about it myself, honestly. And I was just studying it to learn more about it myself and I, it was a, it was an academic enough subject that they would accept my concentration. So I mean self. So you don't care about the environment? I do at All. I was gonna say selfishly, I cared more selfishly, I cared more about the food, honestly. Yeah. That's what I wanted to do. Right. I wanted study food and, and stuff with cooking. But also I was genuinely in interested and intrigued by the environmental side of it. So I thought that was, but You know, and then Now, I wanted to kind of keep that trend. So we have like a, at the start of everything, I told myself I would never do merch. 'cause I just, I kind of like to just be different where I can. And I feel like everyone has merch, but we created a merch company like earlier this year where we donate 10 meals per item sold.


Mm. And that's just like a simple fun way to just You know, like there's little facts if you wanna read them there and all that kind of thing. And then it's kind of a fun way to just get people to, it's, It's pretty successful, right? It's good. It's really, it's nice potato, happy potato. Yeah. It's, it's like a silly name. How Many meals have you guys donated In the hundreds of thousands. That's awesome. It it, it's new, obviously we're, we're starting out with it, but it's a lot. It's good. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That's so cool, man. Yeah. It's, it's Good to see you going through the merch funnel, dude. I feel like, I, I feel like if you wanna really call yourself a YouTuber, you have to, you gotta go through the merch compound at least once. I Thought. I never would though. But, but this is fun because it's a, it's a good thing giving Back. Yeah. It's a good thing. Yeah. And probably makes you feel good. It's, it's great. Yeah. It's crazy to hear that you aren't like cooking for yourself or your girl that much.


It's Really a Bummer. What are you eating for Now? I Order Out. I order Sick Postmates. I Order out a lot. I really do. And also, I have restaurants in Boston that like, 'cause I, I do travel a lot, so it's nice when I go home to just like, go to dinner with like, some friends or just check in back at a restaurant and see the chef and hang out and mess around there. So I love that. But also I do, I do do takeout quite a bit. Are you okay? Let me ask you this. I'm tired at the end of the day. What do You, what do you get? What do you get? We Just cooked, right? We just cooked for what, let's call it three hours, right? Yeah. Yeah. Three and a half hours. It's, it's, it's tiring. Yeah. Yeah. Your legs get tired at, at the end. Your, your brain gets a little bit tired, depending. I mean, are you, are you a little tired from it or No?


I, I am. I, I totally hear you. Yeah, I, I hear you. It's just like, It's hot. I, I, I love, I love good food. Yeah. And like, if someone around me knows how to make good food and like, likes to do it, my, the quality of my life really increases. Like, my fiance plays that role in my life. I found out she, she, she could cook really well after I Got engaged to her. Like it was such, it was the probably the best bonus any man could ask for. She had like hinted at it and then, and then she start. But it, dude, I'm so grateful for it. 'cause once In a while she, She, she provides for the family. Yeah. No, in a way that I, that I couldn't, Once in a while, I'll, I'll, if, if, if I am in the mood to cook especially, and I'm just like, Hey, do you want me to make some dinner tonight? I'll, I'll whip out some You know, like, the last thing I think I made for my girlfriend was like a, it was a sort of a Thai Thai curry soup.


It had, it had mushrooms. It had, it was a super silky smooth soup. It had mushrooms. It had, i I toasted pine nuts and blended those up in there. There was pep, there were peppers, garlic, all that kind of, some Thai cur paste. And then I topped it off with these homemade croutons and some toasted pumpkin seeds. And it was actually really good soup. But, but, and, and I just was in the mood that day. Yeah. I Got home. And I was like, You know what I kind of want to cook today. And I cooked that. But it doesn't happen that often. I I'm glad that your girl doesn't just like you for your cooking, it sounds like. Yeah. I hope not. She likes you for your Postmates, because Yeah. All the, all the, all the takeout orders. Yeah. Yeah. When You, when you go out to dinner, are you drinking? Are you, do you drink at All? Not often, no.


Do you? Yeah, often. I don't, I don't, I, I didn't even really, I didn't really, I, I think really the first time I, I also, I, I was, I was, I was always a goodie two shoes. I told you, I think the first time I really drank was like after senior year of high school. Yeah. That's on the East Coast. That's late. That was me. That was me as well, Nick. Yeah. Yeah. But then something happened where it just, like, I, I actually, I hate drinking. Yeah. But I like, like being tipsy. I, I like, I, I don't like any alcohol, like, except espresso martinis, which I adore. But besides those man, like the taste of alcohol, Is, it really is just like poison.


And, and the after effect is I don I. don don don't, I don't love it. But I do once in a while for Sure, but not often. Yeah. Not often, but it, it can make a dinner fun. Yeah. So, Okay. So I'm, I'm like, I'm trying to gauge you, man. Like, what vices do you have? Mm. Come on. You gotta like sports. Yeah. You gamble sports. I like, no, I don't gamble. No. You guys like sports. I like sports. Gambling. I mean, I just do, that's my vice. I'm in Boston. So you kind of have to like sports to Yeah. To, Well, yeah. But if you're in Boston, you also should like sports gambling. I'm sorry. Yeah. That's kind of a part of your economy there. You actually Yeah. You. Know what I'm saying? I Just don't, it really, it really is. Wait, where do you, when you, okay, quick, just really quick. I, I love off the hook, bro. I Know. I have to, I think my advice is travel. That, that would be my advice. Advice. I was Advice, Advice.


No. That, that Advice. No, but it is, I think travel and food. Like, I'll go, I, I, I almost become blind sometimes on a menu to like, to like You know. I, I, I'll care about how a lot of things cost in regular life. And then on a menu, if I'm just like, if that thing looks really, really good and I want to try it, it's like I, I'm just gonna try it and maybe I'll learn something from it. And I, I don't care How much, how much movement we talking about, because I'm a mover too. He'll, he'll tell you Movement on How often, like, moving around the company Flying. Oh, how many flights you, I'm, I'm gonna do 120 this year. I'll probably be right Around the same. Yeah. Where, okay. What's your Probably a few less. I'm gonna say closer to a hundred. Where's your favorite? Where's your favorite place that you visited Ever? Yeah.


I know that's such a hard superl living, but like, or gimme a or gimme a couple. A couple. Yeah. I mean, definitely, definitely. The, the, the top one I will say that comes to mind is Japan. Yeah. I, I really do love it. I, I like the culture. The people like, it just, the food is, is fantastic. And like I said, they're masters of their craft. Yep. And they, they can become really good at any, anything. They have one of the best pizza restaurants in The world this year. And that's just crazy. Right. That's cool. So I, I I, I do like it there. I I, I I love New England, like the East coast. I like home a lot. Well, I can't count that as a travel. No, I know that's not so much of a travel Mexico. I think it has some of the best food in The world. Come on. I love Mexico. That's my fa that's gotta be my Favorite Food Fantastic food. It is just unbelievable.


Unbelievable. Did you do, did you do, did you do Singapore? You did, Right? I have not been to Singapore. So I was just there last month. And they have, they, they're notorious for having some of the cheapest Michelin like Food carts and, and yeah. They're called hawkers. Yeah. So they, they're like little food halls. And I tried this, this Malaysian dish there Called, was it amazing Nazi la Mock. It was incredible. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Singapore, Singapore's cool. But I, I think my favorite place is actually, if you would like to go there, I'd love to connect you. Is Finland. So I, I just went to, so I've been to Iceland now. Yeah. Which I love. Amazing. And I, and I've also been now just to Copenhagen, which was also really cool.


Very short. It, see that's a good example of travel. Like two flight, 24 hours there and we left. Right. Yeah. But I, I really want to go through the rest of it. Sweden and, and So, so Finland, if you go up to Lapland, which is in, which is inside Proper, inside the Arctic circle. You, you've done Oslo. It's amazing. Yeah. You've been up there. It bro. Like stuff that you didn't even, first of all, the seafood, like Norwegian crab. Yeah. That type of stuff, which you'll love. But also just like stuff I didn't really know existed. Like I knew reindeer existed, kind of, but like the idea that they were just like, running around and like would come and like, hang out with you and like cuddle with you and stuff. But then you would have to eat them because there's not like a lot of other meat there. That's Yeah.


You kind of, yeah. Sorry about that last part. But beautiful. Like, like Finland is, it's like very untapped wilderness. Yeah. That's like, that's like, I would love to go there. I would love to go there. Yeah. When You're eating a dish at a restaurant or, or just that maybe someone else made for you. Be honest with me. Are you judging it? No, not At all. Not really in my head. Maybe a little, little bit, but I'm not picky if, if, if, if, if they, if they, I, I meant subconsciously. Okay. Okay. Subconsciously, I probably am. Okay. I think you have to be right. You're just like, course this is soggy or this is delicious. Yeah. But I think like, if someone brings me a dish at a restaurant, I'm trying it, and, and chefs are often really nice. They'll bring me a lot of extra food at a restaurant.


Just they want, especially if we're filming, obviously they want you to try everything. They want you to see everything. But if, if the chef knows that someone there is really passionate about their food, they want you to try it. Yeah. So oftentimes I'll get a lot of, a lot more food than I bargained for. Or, or even ordered. Oh yeah. And I often feel pretty pressured to have all of it. Which, which, but You know. So, 'cause I know how, I know how it is. I've, I mean, I've been, I've worked in, in a couple restaurants now and I know how it is. I, I almost cried one night when I was cooking at that restaurant in college. 'cause someone sent back a steak. I was on the grill station. I was on the grill station during that time. They sent back a steak. They said they needed to cook more. And when you're in the heat of the moment in the kitchen, you're sweating.


It's, it's the middle of, of rush hour and service. And there's a lot going on. Like, the last thing you need is, is a wrench thrown into your whole plan. And you have to, you already have this whole list in your head of you've memorized all the dishes and you have to know what's coming up. The chef, the chef just shouts everything once. Right. And you just have to lock it away and put it in order. And so I had this whole order and I was already struggling. I was already underwater. They call it in the weeds. Yep. I was in the weeds and someone sent back a steak and I just wanted to like, drop everything over. Were you over or under? They wanted to cook more. And I said, chef. Oh, that's fine chef. I was like, this is, I was like, this is right though. This is medium rare. And he's like, I know, but it, I don't care. Like cook it more. And I just wanted to just drop the plant on the ground and leave it.


Dude. It, it just killed me. It's, it's, it feels like one of those jobs where like, it killed It lowkey the customer's always. Right. Even if they're not, even if you gave 'em exactly what they ordered it, like what are you gonna do? Like, well, no, you said meteor rare buddy. Probably depends on what restaurant you're at. True. To an extent. That's True. That's True. I mean, there's chefs who I've, I marched out to the table No way and Yeah. Yeah. The, so the chef that, that trained Gordon, actually his name's Marco. Pierre White. He's pretty intense. I know, I know. I've seen his clips. Yeah. He's pretty intense. And he, he would, he would actually, supposedly he would just tell people to leave and he's like, don, don't want your money. Get outta my restaurant Gangster. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He would just be like, get the hell outta here. I don't want your money. Don't come back. And, and then there's a clip too that's really funny of him saying something.


Apparently he made Gordon cry and I think he said, I did not make Gordon cry. That was his choice. He chose to cry. I like that. Which is really fun. I I like that. But, but so like, there are definitely chefs out there that I think will probably come back and throw the plate at you or, or whatever. How, how much more back in the day. More back in the day. Back in the day. I think that happened that, that would happen. Less Plate thrown nowadays. Nowadays is much, much nicer and more civil in a kitchen. Dude, I'm one of those people that has a really hard time being honest about food. In what way? Like if the waiter comes over and it's like, how's your meal? It's amazing. And it's horrible. Yeah. I'll literally, not only will I say it's good Thank you, I'll tell 'em it's the best thing in The world. 'cause I, I I panic.


You kind Of go over the top. Yeah. Yeah. How's your meal? This is, I don't honestly so good. Tell the chef. So That's really nice of you. But I don't think you have to go that far with it. I, I panic. I panic. But I think it's nice that you, that you don't complain or Anything like that. It's also not abnormal like that so many people are. And it's funny because he'll be telling me, and I, I'm the kind of same, I think a lot of people are like that. He'll be telling me right before in The moment, I'd be like, girl, Don't be like, this is fucking Terrible. How's your food? But honestly, I Love it. He'll be like, I wanna go get something after. 'cause this is so bad. I'm still gonna be hungry. I can't even eat this shit. And then the waiter will come and be like, how's your dinner? And he is like, it's so great. That's nice though. That's Really nice. But I also feel like Appreciate that as someone who's been on the other side of it.


And, and, and You know, I hopefully the stuff that I made was, was usually pretty good. But I'm sure some days I I overs salted it or whatever it might have been. Right. And, and people generally were still pretty nice. If I feel like by telling the chef in a nice way, I could actually be doing a service for the restaurant. Because like, y'all need to know that this particular piece of food is way too hard or something. Sure. I I, I will, I will be vocal about it. 'cause like, I, I feel like a chef would appreciate like, like genuine candid feedback. Sometimes If they care, they'll watch the plates that are coming back into the kitchen and they'll, they'll take note. Maybe, maybe the dishwashers will take note of what's being left on all the plates. Mm.


That's what they'll do. Right. Okay. They'll, they'll watch it's, and if they're watching and they care, then they'll figure that out on their own. If no one's touching this one part of the plate, because I, I I, I will be honest with you, I, I'll get a little pretentious here. I'm pretty traveled and worldly in terms of food. Okay. I do know what a, what a good dish is and what a bad dish is. Sure. And, and, and I do know what I'm Right. Like if I'm providing feedback about taste or, or like how salty something is or it's only because I, I am, I am certain this is not the way this should be done. Sure. Well, otherwise, otherwise, yeah. It's the best thing in The world. Even if it's not, That just means it's left like the area of like subjectiveness too. Because at the end of the day Yeah, that's, you can't really give, you can't give really give someone like feedback on like their song being the worst song you've ever heard.


'cause it's only to you You know and food, food is like that. But, but I've, I've done it in the chef. The chef comes to the table and goes, you, you were right. Like multiple times to go My here's the new dish. Or You're right. There's Obviously, we've all seen like how big the bear has gotten. Yeah. Like people are, and rightfully so, are very intrigued by the restaurant life. I mean, I, I personally spent, my first job ever was a dishwasher at TJ McKeson, Milford, Connecticut. I spent a lot of time in restaurants. And I will tell you, there really is nowhere on earth like a kitchen during a rush hour. Especially in a place like Boston or some, you're, you're, not only are you dealing with ego from, from one end, you're dealing with, you're, you're dealing with You know just the, the moment and everything that's going on.


Honestly, there's a huge drug culture and alcoholism culture in restaurants. It's a ver in a lot of small restaurants, a very, it's a, they call it the circus. It's a very fiery place to fucking exist. That's The first time I ever saw any sort of, any kind of drug was in the restaurant. What, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I walked into the bathroom and the chef was, was doing drugs. And I was like, wow. That's crazy. Well, dude, I, I have to be honest with you. Yeah. Okay. So I've, I've, I say this with privilege. Okay. I've had a handful of private chefs now. Okay. And I always, always told myself, like when I was trying to make it, I said, the day I am able to hire a private chef, that's when I'll be able to say like, I made it. Wow.


'cause I, I just, I just think that's such a amazing privilege to It's really to have In your life. Yeah. Be amazing. And I can say that every single private chef I've had is such a unique personality and character in a way where I've come to realize that chefs are, are, are artists are a hundred percent like actual artists. They may not be like painting, but like their behaviors, behavior is is is that of an artist. And a lot of times that artistry does come with like a, a bit of degeneracy a a and I love it. Yeah. I personally love it. Well Also think about how they operate, right. Is most of them are, are working when everyone else is playing. If you think about it. Mm.


That's what's happening. Right. And so then that, that, that's, that's not, that's tough. Yeah. That's Really tough. You're in a kitchen at midnight. It's Friday night. Think, think about it. Your Point, you're looking out over the kitchen. Everyone's having a good time partying. Oh. God. That's so a lot of times that rolls into the thing that you wanna do in the kitchen. I'm sure a lot. And also what you just said too, to, to the hardest point, which is such a great point. I was, I was thinking of it as you were saying. It is. Like, that's also another thing that makes taking feedback from, for Sure You know, no, no offense, but from Logan Paul for Sure. Sure. You know that much more difficult. I totally get it. 'cause they're like, yo, this is my canvas dog. Yeah. You're you're shitting on a plate that I've perfected with the team here over the past 13 years. You're telling me it's too salty. Yeah, yeah. you know what I'm saying?


So, and you're not, and that's, Did something happen at that restaurant in Vancouver? I think something did happen. We, I think the chef brought us out, like his special dish and we were all like, yo, Well, I mean that, that place was incredible. I thought there was that Some of thought there was. That was some of the best pasta I've ever had. I What was the, Was thing that wasn't No, I don't you shouldn't say it at this point. Okay. They remember he brought out that dish that the, that he was like, this is specially prepared. The We Didn't order it. Yeah. 'cause there was one thing that we, that we didn't like. But Like that's an, that's an, that's a, that's a little awkward. Like I, I thought like the chef is being so generous bringing out this, this dish that we didn't order, but he made for us. And he, and he's like, this is his like, go-to, and all of us were like, you didn't like It. Yeah. We, I didn't say anything in that case.


Obviously not. Well, Yours and yours and his is my pallets clash quite often. I Got. So dude, I brought you to some places and been like, yo, this is like far and away known to be the most notoriously great place in the city. And you'll be like, no, this is terrible. But it's not just me saying that It'll be you and Nina, but then everybody el and I No. And there's Group think there and Then everybody else who reviewed the restaurant will say the opposite. No, that's not True. It's, listen, at the end of the day, it's at the end of the day. No, but at the end of the day, all I'm saying is this, it is subjective. It's It is Totally right at The end of day. You're right. You're right. And like, dude, like I think that maybe the dish that he brought us might have been like a, a tar Tar. Yeah. It was something like that. Or something like that. Something like that. And some people just also don't you like it Sometimes?


Or like A or or Like, but Nina loves tartar. Do you like Carone? I've been once Yeah. To New York. Or they have a carpaccio there for example. That's that I've adore. Yeah. Some people just don't You know the one I'm talking about. And some people just don't love it. Do you have an inherent bias against chains like that at all? Like a Carbone or a catch? No. No. Because like, I love their food S But I know some people kind of categorize it in like, like, like mainstream chain restaurants. Yeah. So they immediately, Well, so what happens right, is a chef will often start at one place. And if it gets really successful and they kind of franchise a little bit or kind of branch out, then the chef will move to the new ones and the quality will often fall at the first place.


They've, That happens. They've really, they have really consistent quality. They, the thing is, is like people that eat at that level that are spending You know for a group of four people, 700 to a thousand dollars for dinner. Right. They like, they, they have this pretentious like bougieness a lot of times. And they'll like to act like as soon as a place becomes a small chain of five to seven, it's too mainstream now. So I'm gonna go to You know Angelini, just open an LES and I'm gonna go there instead. Right. It's like kind of a thing. But Carbon's done an incredible job and they, they've, they've really like brought a a, they kind of had like the spicy, spicy vodka Rigatoni. Rigatoni, yeah. Yeah. Was kind of the dish that blew 'em off. And they, and they do, I think they do a great job.


A across their, their chain. Yeah. De I mean they're definitely, they're, they're, I think they've got seven or so now and they're, and they're international as well. So they've got Saudi. I love Carbone. I Love it. Have you been to Saudi yet? Like Saudi's, the Arabia Actual place. Arabia? Yeah. Yeah. You, you should, you should come there. I. Got. Actually you should come there for Rio season. We're going to Dubai in on a couple days. Dubai is so cool in a couple Days. Oh, maybe I, okay. We're To Dubai in three days. We'll, We'll talk after. You're not leaving Boston To live. Yeah, not right now. My grand, so I had four grandparents before Covid, then I lost three of them during Covid, which was tough. But I have one grandparent left who I'm super close with my grandmother. So I see her all like, I'm going to see her on Thursday.


I see her all the time, every time I'm home between travels. And she lives in Boston. So that's one reason to stay. And then my, my, my parents are here. My family's here. My brothers are spread around. Like two of them speak Italian and they're in Italy right now. Just living there for fun. We're, we're, we're almost, we almost have our dual citizenship for Italian and, and, and the American password, which will would be really fun once we can travel around Europe with that. Are you A hundred percent Italian? No, I'm like a quarter Persian. A quarter Italian. A quarter. Like from the uk And then like Your last name bro. You could be a mob boss. You think so? Yeah. Did You know Bonnie? That could be Cool. East Coasters are such Motts dude. Mo Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a good mix. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe in a different life.


Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah. You, you're too nice to be a mob boss, But, but you never know. Maybe, maybe, maybe something just sort Of That's true. Don don't know. You also have the Celtics too, which is a good reason to, I mean, bro, they're, The sports are really fun. I love, I mean you've probably seen maybe two. We've done a couple things with Tom Brady 'cause his whole team still back in Boston, which is pretty cool. So I love the Pats. You did something with Tatum. Yeah. We've done something with Tatum. Too tall. Yeah, true. We got, we, we've, we're going through the roster of the, we've done a couple things with Chara, who's the old captain of the Bruin. Yep. So, So what do you miss it? I'm a big hockey. Oh, red Sox. I play hockey like two, three nights a week in Boston. Which is fun. Oh wow. When I'm home, when I can ice hockey, which is fun. It's a rough place to play ice hockey, isn't it?


It's fun though. It's awesome. Do You love the movie? The Town? I love the movie. That is such a good Boston dude. Lemme Boston's The best. Boston Is awesome. You Know why I like it the best though. This is a sort of a sneaky, small part. The airport is seven minutes from my, Yeah. Logan International. Yeah. Logan. Yeah. It is really close. Seven minutes from my apartment. I fly all the time. I get home, boom. I'm home in 10 minutes. That's amazing. It's The best, best. My favorite person in the whole world lives there. His name's Wal Leaded. He's very cool. Cool, cool. He's, I go watch basketball games. He's just over overall. Nice guy. We Should go to a Celtics game too. You gotta let me know. I would love to do that. But yeah, I mean, sports City. It's the best. Yeah. Family. What about food there? Family? The food's good. It's good. Good. New England seafood, family food.


Sports are great. Airport and yeah, I mean, I, Got a little I. Got a good little setup there. What about weather? Isn't weather like a, like a big thing? Its cold. It's, it's a bummer. It's, it's a bummer in the middle of the winter when it's just cold and wet out. Yeah. You know. It, it, it could suck. But You know I get to travel a lot, so. Yeah, you can, yeah, you could, you you can pop everywhere from Logan. Yeah. What's that? What's that one? What's that one attack main Italian spot in Boston where you go up the stairs. It's like on the second floor. Everybody goes there. There's poor noise pictures on the wall. Like There's a, like strega don don't know which one you're thinking of. There's a bunch. That. Doesn't matter. Thought there was, because there's a whole north end. So like, there's a lot of I don, Forget everything I ever said kid. Okay.


Just keep doing what you're doing. Okay. What's, What's your end game? Do You know? Like, what's your plan? I Don know. What's your plan? Right. Now I don't know. I don't really plan more than one to two months in advance. I would say. Wow. This, this space changes really fast. Yeah, it does. And I just like to kind of enjoy the ride. It does. So I'm actually not sure. That's so interesting. don don't know. Don Don't know. I'm surprised. I I feel like, I feel like a restaurant has to be in your future. I would love to do that. Yeah. It's just hard. It's hard. It's really Hard. It's so Hard When the time is right. I'll, I I would love to open a restaurant. Yeah. 'cause you have, you have the built-in promo. I've talked to, I've gotten close before and then it just, just hasn't happened yet. Are You concerned at all about either A, burning out or b becoming stale at all on YouTube? No. No.


I mean, the, the, the most imp the most important thing I think is, is for me to try to just kind of keep, keep it sustainable in terms of the stress levels. Mm. Which are really, really high. So I've kind of like trained myself to how to, how can I push it a little bit higher? Which, which is probably not the best way to think about it. Yeah. But I just sort of feel like there's gonna be stress, so let me just figure out how to deal with it. That's the worst part about it all is the stress. It just sucks. But, but I mean, I, I work, I, I I really like to work too. So I'll work a lot. I mean, I work a lot, lot. But it's fun. You know. I like it. Can you, can you break down for me what exactly the stressful part is? I think the travel. I hate flying. So the travel is tough, but like, I just, I, I kind of want to, I need to travel.


Like I want to go see new food, new places, new things. So I, I, I, I need that part of it. What's what's your flying looking like, by the way? Are you, Are you That's that's one of my vices, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. I would say like, I'll, I'll get nice seats if that's, you're Al always a hundred percent of the time. Not a hundred percent, but most of the time Lay flats as much as possible. Yeah. When I can. Yeah. I like the space. Yeah. How about you? Same. Yeah, same. I haven't fallen. It's, I, I occasionally, like, I've gotta go rally to, to Miami on Thursday. It's an hour and a half flight. I, there's a chance I might, but if I'm flying, I'm, I've, in the past week I've been back. I was here, I was in New York last week, flew back to LA for two days and then flew back. Like I'm back across, across the country constantly. That's one of the few things I I, I, I meant to mention that I will spend money on it is like, comfortable On the airplane.


What's your, what's your preferred carrier? Well, JetBlue is out of Boston, so I like, they're A huge hub guy. Jet Everywhere. I'm a big JetBlue person. And then They have, and by the way, it's, it's perfect for the show. 'cause I, 'cause I go me and you have very similar similarities on what we're like rating and stuff. 'cause airlines are a huge thing for me. Yeah. And I've got the whole breakdown. I I would say Mint is probably the best provi domestic provider. They went from having none to having Mint, which is the best. And what's the reason? Yeah, besides your, your your nice pod. Their food is very, very good on Very in Mint, they have a, they have a very cool offering with like an artistic, like curated menu. It's actually very good food. Except, Except, I don't know if You know John and Vinny's in La I don the Italian restaurant.


It's like a, it's like our street Italian restaurant. John and Vinny's does their meatballs and ricotta on Delta. So when you fly outta LA you can actually have their meatballs. Okay. And Delta. Delta one's good. Cool. I I, I, I prefer JetBlue food over any airline in the US for domestic. And then internationally, I think obviously you can start getting some really good food on Emirates. Yeah. Emirates and, and Qatar. And, and there's some really good ones out there for food, but Yeah. Yeah. Flights. I, I hate flying, so that's a big piece of my stress. What do you, not The Actual like Yeah, I hate it going Up in The air and all of it. How, how do you calm yourself down? I, it's so like, I need, I need to sit on the right side of the airplane and I only the right side.


Yeah. I only like the right side of the airplane. Why? I don't know. It just happened. What do you mean how? I have no idea. It's just a thing. And then I stay up really late before my flight's the night before. So I get myself tired and then I can try to sleep and, whoa. It's the worst. I hate flying. I, I think about it. I have a play. This sounds crazy. I have a playlist for turbulence. When the turbulence get going. That doesn't sound crazy. I open my phone, I have a special playlist. What the, what are some of the songs? Oh man, don don't know. We bring The boom, we bring The boom to you. Yeah. Do you, do you think that your, that fear of flying directly correlates to the value you put on your life? Because like for a while, I, when I get on a plane now, I'm just like, bro, if it goes down, it fucking goes down dude.


Like what are you gonna do about it? You know what I'm saying? Like, don, don't ever think. And also, are you somewhat influenced by these zero crashes due to turbulence statistic? Yeah. I try not to think about any of, okay. I'm just gonna stop. No, you should, you should. No, no, no. Should about that. No, Let's not. No, don't. I think you should think about that. I, I, I'll, I'll give you some, some things to help you cope. One of them is there have been zero crashes because of turbulence in domestic flights in the United States. You're You're scaring 'em. I can tell. No. What do you mean? What do you mean there's zero? It's just, but your talking about crash. No, but no, but statistic. I, I'm a statistics guy. Okay. So you can feel however you wanna feel. Sure. But if there's a 0% chance statistically that anything's gonna happen when you hit turbulence, especially if your seat belt's on. If you would Agree with me though, that in the moment of intense turbulence, you might horrify Nick.


Horrifying Nick, I hate it. Horrifying. I hate it. You Might need to text a few people and say Yeah. for Sure, just in case. That's one. Also, no domestic flight crashes in general in the United States in like the last 4, 5, 6, seven years. I forget what the stat is. That's a, that's not helpful for me. No, no, but again, that's sta can't make This conversation at please the stat. Please. What do you mean? It's a good stat. You said 4, 5, 6, 7. don don't know what don don't. I'm asking Catchy keeper, bro. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There hasn't been a crash in the last 3, 4, 5. What was the last commercial domestic airline flight in the United States? Not flight five seconds ago. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I have to operated in 1991. Dude. Like you're good. What Was the TW 800?


No. What? That's not right. What did you ask? I said, when was the last commercial domestic airline flight in the United States? Think of, read that question one more Time. When was the last commercial domestic air? Oh, And the last airline flight in the United States was in 91. Oh, sorry. Thanks Chad. G Bt for nothing. Lemme lemme get back in the saddle. Not helping. It's not helping. No, I I'm gonna help you. When I meant to say, when was the last commercial airline flight that crashed in the United States? Oh, The most recent major commercial airline crash in the United States was on February 12th, 2009.


Come on bro. Come on, bro. It's That's 16 years. 16 years, bro. 16 years. You're good. 16 years. You're good. Well, 16 years, bro. And here's, here's another thing that might help you cope. Ready? 'cause 'cause Nina also has this flight anxiety like you have very bad. She has this flight app, a flight tracker app, flight radar where She can see all of the flights that are going on and track any flight. So if she, she sees a plane in the air, she'd be like, oh, that's coming from here and it's landing here. And I think it makes her feel better about the amount of flights that are actually taking place. You can see all these little That's good. Plane emojis. That's good. Or logos on, on the thing. And it like, bro, statistically you're good.


So if you can, if you can look at it as like a mind over matter thing, which truly bro, it is. Truly it is. Or my second suggestion is get get blackout drunk so that you're hung over on the flight. And sometimes you're, you'd actually be okay with it crashing. I haven't done that. I I have. And I, I'm not kidding. Sometimes I'm like, damn, honestly, just put me outta my misery. But, but then there's all other people and so that's actually Not the solution. Yeah. I haven't tried that one. Yeah. But it Do you ever go in cars? Because cars are very dangerous. Oh, Do I just ever go in a car in general? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been in a Car. You're drive, you're driving home after this. I'm driving home After this. Super dangerous. But What I was gonna say is like, I will, I would probably choose a, I would probably choose an eight hour car ride over an hour and a half flight.


Listen, dude, what you're saying makes sense. Like think about what, have you ever been sitting on a plane and you're like, I am trapped in a floating toboggan tunnel. An aluminum toboggan right now that is flying through the sky using jet prop, highly flammable jet fuel. Also relying on two strangers you've never met before to make sure you get there safely. And in a very stressful day and age. Like who knows what Tommy from fucking Michigan is wanting? Doesn't It Definitely doesn't. No, no. But you're right. I get it. And also, I thought You said we weren't gonna Talk. No, I just relating to you concern. But back to the Stats last point. No last point. You're fine. No last point. No turbulence related crashes.


Now, as of the past like year. Yeah. There's been a tremendous amount of turbulence related deaths. But that's 'cause they don't have their seat belts on. But Who the freak? Where's their seatbelt? Mid flight. No, But heavy, heavy turbulence. You got put that seat seatbelt. Yeah. Put it on. You wanna know where it's happening? Where you'll I don't wanna Don't tell me. Don't tell you. Okay. I don't wanna tell don. Don't wanna tell you. No, I'll be good. It's somewhere. I just wa I will say it's over a major body of water. I'll be good without it. Notorious. I'm not gonna tell you. Yeah, yeah. I'll be good. But there was one recently and, and dude, I watched a video of a dude, I watched a video of a dude that somehow ended up in the baggage compartment. Oh God. I'm not kidding. The tur. You, you can find this video online. The turbulence were so strong, they had to pull him out of, Oh, come on. Full Body.


Come on out of you. Go back to the conversation. I'll find the video. What? Go ahead. Go. I'll show you right now. I'll show you. Sorry. Did we get that? That was gangster. That was awesome. Yeah, that was good. That was cool As fuck. You're athletic. I literally, before I did it, I thought, if I get this, that's gonna be cool. That was really cool. And it wa it was like, it's like it happened in my mind and then happened in real life. That was really Cool. Yep. Anyways, I'm sorry bro. I'm sorry for doing all that, but you're fine. Nick. I'm be all right. I Mean, Helicopters Never been in one, Would you? Probably not. I don't like those, Those are those don don't know about those so much. I just did New York to the Hamptons a couple, couple weeks ago.


Never been in one. I did You know York, New York to the Hamptons. No. Well you just said that. 'cause Okay, if I had said Cape Cod, you wouldn't have made that voice. I went to Cape Cod. No, that's, you can't do that. Alright, fine. I think Hampton's and nta. Alright. How about this Detroit? I flew my helicopter to, to Detroit. I went to eight mile. Mm. Anyways, bro, that's it. That's all we got for you today. Nice. Yeah. Okay. Wait. No. Say you say something else. Yeah, anything. It could be anything you want. Just Anything at all. Yeah, I'm thinking That's Fine. Take your time. We have nowhere to go.


There's no rush hour up here in fucking Canada. Canada. I mean, we're close, right? We're Pretty close. Okay. Watch out for Bears. I thought we were gonna talk about the Mr. Beast challenge. I think we Should. Oh my God. We started the video with That. I think we should. We Just never talked about, never talked About it. Yeah. What a, what a crazy experience. First of all, let's be clear. You didn't run out on purpose. I know that for a Fact. Yeah. No, no, no. Complete accident. We don't sleep there overnight and get no sleep and, and tough it out like that and then you just run out. That was not on purpose. No, I Why would I do that? Also, I know Jimmy didn't just tell you the challenges. No, he absolutely did. No, I know. You can also ask him. Anyone can ask. I Know he wouldn't do I just know he wouldn't do that.


No. Yeah, I know he didn't do that. Thank you so I'll I'll support you here Thank you on that. I know. I I will vouch that that did not happen. There are still some people to this day that, that refuse to let that reality sink in their minds. I think you're just competitive because we, I think when we saw each other early on or maybe partway through, we knew we were both very competitive and that's why we made a good team later in the challenge. But I think you're just competitive and that's why you made it that far in the challenge. That's one reason we got a little lucky too with some of the challenges. I was just, I was gonna say, man, I, no, There was some luck, but it wasn't, it wasn't all, there was not, it was not all luck. I, I have to be honest, I'm, I wouldn't consider myself as competitive as I am. Strategic. You think so? Yeah. Well, either way.


So that got you to Yeah. Yeah. That got you to the end, right? I think. Yeah. You didn't run out on purpose though. No, I know that. No dude, Nick. Dude, I I threw that plate. I know. I saw It all. Yeah. But I turned around and it was, it was your look that made me realize what I had done. I think your hands were above your head and I seen your big ass blue eyes wide open. And I was like, I felt bad, dude. What the fuck? I'm not standing next to Nick anymore, dude. I, I'm not kidding. That was probably the moment in my life where I felt the most stupid. Everyone was just looking at me like, no, it's subjective. You're not me. I Know. I just, That seems like a Nah, nah, nah.


I mean, look, I felt stupid a lot. But that dude, thanks. Did you enjoy that experience though? Meeting all the creators and stuff? I thought it was really fun. It was right. Everyone was super nice too. Yeah. Almost everyone. Almost everyone. Yeah. Yeah. But would you, would you do another Mr. Beast challenge? Yeah, I would. I'd probably do another one. It was fun If he invited you back. don don't know How much I loved sleeping over It. It became a little campy. It's kind Of disgusting. Also with the porta-potties. Like I, I, I told Jimmy, I said, bro, I said two things. A I think you need to like, like why don't we get like, actual catering, like real cater. Like why are we living these conditions?


I think they made it bad on purpose. It was bad. All this stuff. It Just like, it, it did, it just, it felt like you, you know, you dropped what, three, 4 million on, on this video? Why is the, why is the last thing you skimp out on like the living conditions and like the porta potty? Well, yeah, but he, like he said he is probably, it probably was dumb on purpose, I think Goes on purpose. Yeah, It is on purpose. He's, he's, he's trying to like, bro, there's a million dollars on the line. I'm sorry. It's not gonna be easy. Yeah. Like for all of his challenges, like ev even I've seen hi. Like the am some of the Amazon contestants like complaining about what happened. Yo, there's there's 5 million fucking dollars on the line. Did you think that was gonna be easy? Yeah. Like I think he was trying to make it difficult, But, but there was porta potties And That they would wheel 'em in. Yeah. And they, they just like, they left it overnight.


Right. Also next to my bed, I think. And it Was, and it was so small. Like you, you probably had trouble fitting. Oh, it was Tough to get in there so tiny. You couldn't open and close the doors. Do you think it's weirder to like, go to the porta-potty at like a music festival like Coachella? Or like, if you know that you're smelling Kai Sinat shit. Like do you think that makes it weirder? Like if You know that one of the like One, are you asking me that question? Yeah, Yeah. Or just like, you just know that a creator that, like you saw Logan go in the porta pot before you go in there and just fucking rank bro. There was one person who had some stomach issues. He said that day and it was bad. It was, it was, it was Landon. Landon. I felt so bad for him. I You're just gonna out him like that, huh? Well, Honestly, bro, fuck him. 'cause he accused me of cheating for cheat of cheating as well.


Like bro, everyone who thought that fuck you. I Got. Like, especially the ones who accused me of cheating and then cheated themselves. Assholes. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. You have to get it out. I don. don don't hypo. He hasn't gotten it out yet. Trust me. We're gonna handle it elsewhere. We're just not gonna bring this type of beef into your cooking. Thank You. Yeah. Stick to the beef Wellington. Yeah. Oh, we didn't even talk about any of the records, bro. What, what, what kinda book records do you have? Rattle 'em off. We have, we're, we're about to work on the world's largest chocolate bar. We have largest beef Wellington with Gordon. We've got most fast food restaurants. I think some of these have been broken by the way. So don don't know which ones. But most fast food restaurants visit in 24 hours. We have cake pop.


Yeah. World's largest cake pop that I did with like ly. How, How big was the cake pop? I don't remember who. 20? No, I don't, I don't Who who Eats it after 40, 44. 40, 40 pounds maybe. That's huge Cake Pop. 44 pounds. Who Eats it after you make this giant Cake? You have to donate it. You cannot, No. Your cake pop weigh 97 pounds. 44 kilograms. Oh wow. Is that right? Yep. Is it. 44 kilograms. It's A a No, it's, that would be too much. Really? No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. You're right. Okay. I was like, I don't Think I, sorry. 44 kilograms. 44 Kilograms. 90 something pounds. Damn. Almost a hundred pounds. Right else. What else? Talk to us about this chicken nugget. The, The world's largest chicken nugget, 46 pounds. Guinness World Records will not let you waste any food they watch.


And if you waste the food So wait, what do you have to do With it? You have to donate it or like package it up or how? Well It it's hard. It's hard. Who's eating 90 pounds of cake pop? Well, It's just cake. It's just cake and frosting mixed up together. Oh. So you just can send it off to like a couple different places that'll take donations. So What did you do with the 57 pound beef Wellington? Like sliced, same thing. Sliced it. Yeah. Probably just sliced it it and quartered it and then just put it in plastic wrap and sent it off. Yeah. It was really all them were really, the, the records are fun. you know, it's just like a fun little challenge. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Gu Guinness has gotten cool. Guinness has gotten super cool As well. Like I I I tried to set a world record when I was 11 Yeah. On a pogo stick.


Okay. And like, I went through all, all the like paperwork submissions, all of it only to get like ultimately never responded to, not even denied it. Just like never responded. And now You know that we got a little clout. I think they pay attention a little bit and they're like, oh look, what do you wanna do? They probably answer your phone calls now, huh? Yeah. Yeah. And I have to be honest with you, now that they're answering specifically with my Pokemon card, they were just so cool with it. Yeah. I don don't know. Like I ha I had a little PTSD from when I was 11 'cause I really wanted to set this pogo stick record. A lot of people grow up and just have this dream to get in the Guinness Book of World Records. Yeah. Been such a cool book. Yeah. Yeah. This dude censor, he broke the Pullup record.


Yeah. In 24 hours. 9,250 reps. What you saw it happened. Cameron Haynes son I think he is trying to beat that record. Well guess what? He, they didn't, they he did it and like he tr he had trained for it. He's like the Pullup guy. Oh, they disqualified him. 'cause he did it for charity. You can't be associated with any organization or charity. I don't know if they ended up rolling that back, but last time I checked it you Have to Disqualified. That's ridiculous. Because he was donating per pullup to some like charity. That's Ridiculous. It Was like a, it was a full on like donation situation. They were like, well since you're aligned with the charity, you're disqualified. They are very by the book. And if you mess up one thing, they'll whoa kill.


You'll, they'll pretty much pull it. We've failed them before, so. Oh, you have? Damn. Yeah. Do you know last question from on my end and then I'll rest my case. Sure. Also, I should say this Thank you so much for getting into specificities on food with me. I've been waiting to do this and yeah, it's good. You know, sorry. To the audience members who don't like this type of granular food Is great, food Is great, and I believe that there's more food or there's a little bit of a food audience at each and every one of us. I think so. It just depends on what thing you're talking about. But people love food. It's one of the most naturally occurring dopamine and, and, and, and necessities in life. And, and that's why I love it as a niche for you. Yeah.


Pizza. Where's the best, the best pizza on the planet in your eyes? Currently? Currently for me it's, it's, and I have a little bias 'cause of Rhode Island. It's a restaurant in Providence called Holy Shit. Alfono. How does it feel to live on that island by yourself? Oh no. Okay. I thought you were gonna agree with me. No, there can't be a, have you had, have you had all the New York spot? I mean, you're so close. I was really excited for a second. I thought you were gonna be like, that's my favorite. Well, I've just never heard. I mean, I, I can't doubt you 'cause you're a food, a big food Guy. Please. Seriously. It, it, it's, it's called Al Forno. I have no tie to. I, I worked there, I worked there because of how much I loved it when I was growing up in Rhode Island.


But this isn't some sort of plug that, like, I don't like The Of course. No, of course It is. The it is, it's grilled pizza. Oh yeah. Okay. They invented it there. No, no, no. It's, you've gotta What does that fucking mean, dude? Okay, so because You're offend you're, you're, what you're saying is offensive right now. Okay. To a lot of people. Okay. To a lot of people Hear, hear me out. Okay. When I, when I think about food, I think about just the balance in, in whatever food we're discussing. This has everything perfectly balanced. It has it, the, the dough is chewy, but also has a nice crust to it. So you have both of those kind of playing off each other. Then it's simple, it's simple ingredients. There's some three, a blend of three cheeses. There's some simple tomato sauce, splatted on the pizza. It's a messy sort of pizza.


So it's not pretentious or fancy. And then there's fresh, nice, fresh herbs that could kind of give that like bright pop to it. And, and, and it, it just, it's just so, so well rounded. Then you got that char, so, which is that nice extra flavor from the char from the, from the grill itself. It's grilled over coal. The, the, it, it's, it's an unbelievable, unbelievable pizza that will you Think you grew up on this? Well, you're, I'm telling you, that will go down when I forever as my favorite pizza ever. No one's gonna gimme a slice that I like more. I, I mean, I get spoiled with a lot of good food. So literally less than seven days ago, I was in Italy at, at a place called ili, which was like top two pizza restaurants in The world, number one last year, number two this year.


It's, it's fantastic. It's amazing. It's Neapolitan style pizza and it's just like, you take a bite of it and it's, it's hot and it's cheesy and it's just cooked for only 30 to 40 seconds in the oven and it's done. And it's, it's amazing to watch and it's delicious. But this one from, from Al Forno, from Providence is gonna go down as my best. But That's because you have a relationship with it. Like A lot of people, if they've had it, they'll, they'll, they'll, Well I'm gonna go get it. Right. But what I'm trying to say to you is like, if you had asked me You know what my favorite amusement park in The world was when I was eight. I wouldn't say Disney World. I would say the one at Orange Avenue School, because it has the funny plastic slide that goes to the right and left You. know what I'm saying? Like you have a tie to this. No Rilled. He's tie He's saying It, it can stand on its Own.


No, I'm telling you it's good. Well, The reason why it's hard for me is 'cause I'm from Milford, which is a part of New Haven County and New Haven, so I'll Agree with you. Has New Haven has less pizza offerings, but better overall quality of pizza. Whereas New York has a much more widespread amount of pizzas. Yep. And on, sorry, new Haven has better the the best pizzas. Yep. Probably in the country. Yeah, I would agree with you on that. I would Say The world less, Less of a spread, but they have some of the best in The world or or in the country, especially New York. That's what we all think of. Right. New York has a, a better overall averagely. That's what I would say. Absolutely. That's what I would say. Absolutely. So I agree with you on that and I know you probably wanted me to say one of the three places in, in Oh I That you know that there's three.


So You know You're New Haven Pizza. I mean I just, this is my job, right? Pep Sally's, I gotta know this stuff. Pep Sally's modern. But, but, but, but, but Alfono and that Grilled pizza. I just think it's such a, well-rounded. It's, I'm going, it's really, I'm, I will, will go there. It's something special and it's different, but it's just like, it's pizza. It's definitely pizza and it, and it's really, it's Really good. So next time I make a DJ run to Mohegan, 'cause I do that quite often. Okay. How far Is it from Mohegan to this pizza place? Would you? How far Is it to Providence? don don't know. Yeah. Okay. 30, probably 30 minutes. I'll do it. I'll Get it done. Yeah. Just let me know. They don't take reservations. You show up, whatever. But like, yeah. Let me know if you want to go and I'll help you get there. Amazing. And then, and it's, it's, it's really special. Wow. Yeah. Al al Forno.


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's very good. It's very good. What's your cookbook called for those who want to cook? Like Nick d Knife Drop. Knife drop. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh yeah, that's Right. Nice drop. Okay. It was, it was fun. Oh, we have it. Oh, I don't even Is it close in my hand to actually end up in it. It could end up in your hand momentary. Wanted to. It's fun. It's a fun cookbook. Yeah. Yeah. It it, it did, it did better than I thought it would do, to be honest with you. I didn't know so many people would wanna buy a cookbook for me. Dude, look at him on the cover of that. Yeah. Come on bro. What the hell? come on now. gq. gq. Are you Serious? That's me. Have You ever thought about doing any kind of like modeling? No, but look, I mean, that's basically modeling right there. Yeah. You stand there with the knife You know you smile. Yep.


Yeah. Gordon Ramsey wrote, wrote The Forward. That's sick. That's awesome, Nick. Dude, it, it's, it's, it's been a pleasure talking to you. I wish you nothing but the best and all success in your future. You're such a, a nice kid and Thank you for doing this video or, or wanting me to do the video. It was, it was so cool. No Thank you guys, this was great. I'm so glad this worked out. Nice little fire plate. Yeah. Oh, nobody knows this probably from the edit, but we are far away from Each other so far. Yeah. Yeah. I can't even hear my, like, I just can't hear you really Without the headphones would be No. Seriously. Might not be such a bad thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And yeah, you guys are far. Yeah. I'm actually really excited about this book. I'm taking this Thank you. Yeah, you Should take the book guys. Thanks so much for having Me. We love you Nick Thank, you guys. Nick Giovanni, ladies and gentlemen.


Hey, if you're not subscribing this subscribe button by.