
You have made an entire career making fun of high net worth people. When you're bullying up, people who are being bullied feel celebrated. So when I make fun of billionaires for being billionaires, they're like, ah, they love it. I realize if I say absurd things in this eloquent British accent, people will resonate. The more you spend, the more you make. And people were like, yes. Guad is a small town in the mountains of Switzerland became sort of a hideaway for the world's elite. There's like a barrier to entry for peasants. Peasants is a strong word. Well, that's how they certainly looked at me and Mike. What did the frown originate from? It's basically like permanent displeasure of things. Even if I'm having a great experience, Zach, horrific, he's one of the greats online right now.


The girls, I mean the girls he gets just got Sydney Sweeney. This Mother fucker manifested his way into being the cool guy. When George roasted the CEO of Coinbase, George had no idea who he was. What You say, have so much money And you can't buy hair. He did not say that. Yes, he Did. Is That, it's like how you start a fire with Flint. I don't know. That means, Hey, hey, Hey. We're rolling. We're we're in. Oh, We're in. Okay. Okay. We should not start with that. It's Too late. I think it's a great, I Don't know what to Tell you. Nothing more IMPAULSIVE than that, Buddy. Yeah, it's facts. Hey guys. Welcome back to IMPAULSIVE, the number one podcast in The world.


Thanks for listening, watching, viewing, and subscribing. It's 7:00 AM star guy made us start so early 'cause he's got things to do apparently. But let me do an intro 'cause I do owe you a proper intro 'cause you're one of my best friends. That guy across from me is one of my best friends. He goes by Sta guy on Instagram. He has the highest Per capita. Nah, His following is the highest concentration of high net worth individuals and billionaires of any social media page in The world. This guy, you dude, I'm so proud of you as a friend and as a content creator. I love you. Thank you. He plays Constance, who's old money and Colton, who has new money?


My guy not in character. Welcome the Stad guy. Thank you. Yeah. Or as we call him. Scotty. Scotty. As the girls call him. Oh, Scotty. Oh God. We love him. Dude, I am so happy to have you as a guest on the podcast. Not just as a homie, but as a person who's made waves in the social media area. Thank you. Thank you. I, I realized something. I'm, I'm shorting out a little bit. I'm smiling, shorting out. I'm smiling right now. Just so you guys Know. I can't tell what's up with the mask. Wanna wanna tell him I Got influenza? That's that. That's why we also had to do this so early. 'cause Mikey went to Basel. He's one of the people you make fun of.


He went to Basel and got influenza. I can't wait to get Into it. Rookie mistake. Yeah, Rookie Mistake. There was a lot of influenza going around this year. Dude. It was a big thing. Yeah. But influence Zuck, Influenza. But I had to make it out here for this episode because I also equally love you. I'm excited to get into it. I know you've been waiting a long time. Ironically, stati has been on the show. Briefly have, and, and equally ironically, in a fireplace couch setting. Where? When in Stati? I was, I was outside. Oh. Oh, Inad. Yeah. So one of our famous SCHAD episodes. It was the worst vacation of my life ever. Me too. I smashed my face. Oh, remember, That's still secretive.


Kind of. I mean, We can talk about it. I'm not gonna show the video. Why Not? Why not? Would you show it eventually? I think so, but it's, it's, would You show It? Right? It's a traumatic moment. Throw it out out there. Can we put it out there? You don't wanna I'd rather not. Do We talk? Do we talk about it right now? About that moment? I mean, we're here. I mean, But if we talk about it, we don't show it. Yeah. We'll skip it. Really? Just fucking Talk about it. Don't Show it twice. You smashed, you smashed your, you absolutely smashed your face. Okay. Here's what happens. Okay. So we were in, in Switzerland, Logan wanted to go curling. Mm. And instead of curling, he said, we're gonna ohad guy. Look. We're gonna, He Just outed Your, by the way, both of you are two, two strikes already. I did. Okay. Yeah.


You already did it. One, We can Just bleep it out every time. Sayad guy l we're, let's play quidditch instead. And I was like, oh, that's, that's an amazing idea. Yeah. Yeah. So Logan sticks the, the curling broom between his legs and just barely squeezes it together with his knees. And no matter how strong your knees are, you like, It's the leverage isn't there? It's not there. No. Okay. And it says grab my, grab my stick. So I, I grab the stick, my guy put my weight on it slip on my face, fracture my cheek and horrible. It Was violent in front of girls and stuff. Yeah. In front of my ex. Oh. That's why she's my ex. She saw it in, she walked out Crazy. Yeah. We felt so bad for you because like, bro, you're such a good kid. Like you come from, I think you did a nice family in London.


You got that accent. What is it? The, What is it called? The International International International International School. Accent. Like I don't think people who follow you really know who you are. So it's nice to kind of peel back the veil. Yeah. And just have you as you. Thank you. When people meet you in real life, do they know you're six, seven? Short answer. No. No. The first thing they say is, whoa, I didn't know you, you were so tall. So tall. And also they say, I didn't know you can smile. 'cause I'm always frowning in my videos. Yeah. But I'm pretty smiley in real life. Is What, what is the, what did the frown originate from? Like why is the frown sign signify like rich people? Like, So the frown started when I was filming my first ever video.


And it's basically like permanent displeasure of things. Dis Disapproval. Yeah. Nothing's enough. Mm. I always want better. Even if I'm having a great experience, you'll barely see a grin through the frown. It's like, hmm. You know, you're like kind of smiling, but you're still frowning. It's like, even if it's great, it's not good enough. And that's The world of, of high net worth people. It's so funny 'cause you have made an entire career off of making fun of high net worth people. And your audience is so niche. At least it started niche. And You know, I've been doing this content thing forever and a lot of people have come in and out of the camp.


And you've been my friend since you were 17 and I was 19. Yeah. We met at the MTV movie awards. Predates predates me. Yeah. Like one of my oldest friends, the only older friend is, is Evan. Evan who's up there, who's asleep in the stairs. And bro, when we met, immediately just hit it off and, and you said something to me and you're like, it was, it was this time next year and it was like a, a little motivating thing for you and I to go do our things and then come back and go this time next year. And I always thought you were so like, charismatic. There was something about you that was Thank you. Natural on camera. Thank you as well. You weren't afraid of the camera. Thank you. And then you started this character, by the way, I interpret it as Gstaad Guy.


Guad. What the fuck is Guad? And, and, and, and how did you start growing this page? Making fun of rich people. So first of all, Thank you for your fear. Praise. It means a lot. I started Shaad guy nearly six years ago now. So four years after we met. And honestly, you watching you grow and watching you be comfortable in front of the camera was a big part of my comfort with the camera eventually. So, Shaad guy, orad guy, or Gtad as, as Mike calls it, Schad is a, a small town in the mountains of Switzerland. Mm. I had never been there growing up. I went there for the first time a year after making the page.


Mm. And it's secluded. It's about two to three hours away from the nearest major airport in Geneva. And it was one of the first towns in Switzerland to have luxury hotels like a hundred years ago. And there was also a, a boarding school called La Rose, which you may have heard of. It's a, it's a fantastic boarding school and happens to be very expensive. That has a, has a winter campus in stud. So luxury hotels, crazy boarding school started to bring a lot of high spending residents who'd visit their kids and stick around. But because of this very Old school ski town, you also have a lot of building laws.


So people couldn't build these crazy homes from the outside. They would start building homes for themselves that looked very modest on the outside, but had crazy like five level basements and these crazy homes. And it became sort of a hideaway for the world's elite and, and, and wealthy who wanted to be away from major cities, be away from other people, and just do their own thing hidden away in the mountains of Switzerland. And it's pretty inconvenient to get to. So you don't get much foot traffic. People just mind their own business. It's extremely expensive and it's really absurd more than anything. Mm. It has, it it, It's, it's absurd man. It's absurd. It's, Yeah. The Gep we went, we went there Of just sta is is like, well what like a a a percentage of like the world's entire countries.


Yeah. The amount of high net worth individuals there in that little ski town is insane. Yeah. It's probably oh, the, the most in The world for Sure. We went, we went there just to try it out for New Year's. Yeah. And we, we've by now have gotten the luxury and the opportunity, the blessing to go everywhere. And I wanna talk about it later in the episode. Who has the flu? Is it Miu bro? Because that's the, you know, I was chatting last With Evan. I was drinking last night with Evan, we were drinking whiskey. What's good bro? Smoking a little bit. You should put his mask on just hanging Out. It. That was the only time I, of all the times through Saudi, through all these different places I've ever felt like I was actually with the Illuminati.


Yeah. Like for real, bro. When I was in the basement of whoever that Russian oligarchs house that paid ghet a like $2 million to do a 30 minute set, Madonna was there. Like, if there is a home for the Illuminati, it is Inna. Yeah. I mean, trust me, I'm, I'm as shocked as you are and hence this entire thing. Like, it's, it's a really crazy place. It's, it's absurd in every shape and form. And it's actually a contradiction in every shape and form. It's like Swiss farmland, nature, billionaire hideaway, farmers wearing like traditional Swiss clothes, furs and crazy outfits. Understatement with overstatement.


It's like the extremes on each side and just makes it so, so absurd as a place. But Is it, Is it rooted in the end? Is it rooted in Swiss tax law at the end of the day as to why it attract? I mean, like that, that's a pretty well known thing, right? Like as to why it's so attractive to European Asian money. I think it's, it's a small part of it. A small part of it. Yeah. Because there's a lot of places people can tax optimize Luxembourg. There's a lot of tax free places in The world. But, but Switzerland generally, this one's pretty good. Seem to be like one of the it's pretty Good. But people who, I gotta get one good one out. You're Fine, you're Good. It's my throat.


Wait, would you wanna try one of these hydration beverages from Prime? I'm already drinking one drink. Well that's the energy version. I'm ruining the episode 18 plus. No, You're good. You're good. Don't worry. Bless. Sorry. Thank you. Bless God. Bless your tea. Yeah, it's people who have homes there usually have like six other homes, right? So they have a home in stock. So actually they speak a boat, a place in Monaco Place in London. And they just jump between cities and they, there's a private airport there. They fly out of the private airport. If you're flying commercial into stud like me, like us, it's actually super inconvenient to get there. Oh my God. Horrible. You lands two and a half hour train, you drive. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a pain. So if people Are, everybody laughs at you when you get there.


Exactly. There's like a barrier to entry for peasants. Abso I mean, peasants is a strong word. Well, that's how they certainly looked at me and Mike when we went. No, no, come on. No, no. Don't So much Me, Mike, and George when we went like, by the way, self-made successful in America. Like, I think we command a little bit of respect, bro. I think that people Showed you respect. No, they did. No they did. No they did. They just, They just, we Were the gestures. We were the gestures. They found us funny. There was this sort of, they make a joke. Damn influencers. Yeah, for Sure. It, it definitely existed. It wasn it wasn't disrespectful, but it certainly was. They were entertained by the oddity of what and how we were, how dressed and it super humbling and, and all of that.


Yeah, I Think So. To be fair to them. I think you guys both played into that. Yeah. Yeah. Loved it. Of course. Like we don't, I've Seen you guys be in environments where you're poised and collected and, and you also play that hat. Well, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll double down on it. So if I know that someone is like, is either interested in it or like slightly embarrassed by it, I'll be like, Hey, do you want to go shopping down at Lauren's piano? Loro Piana. Oh, oh, Lauren's p Lauren's piano. Like I'll play into it. You know what I'm saying? Because like, I think it's funny. It's fine. It's fine. We quickly realized that was the value we brought. Like everyone else there has actual real value money, like monetary old money as well, which is completely different than new money.


I found. Like actually new money in America is worse respect wise than old money in Europe. A lot of the kids were like really respectful and they knew how to act even though, You know, their dad's worth $30 billion. But we found that if We can make these billionaires laugh and stuff, we found a little home inad. I hope you did


Winter's upon us, but the concerts are still hot. So it's time to see your favorite artists to go to the biggest events. That's why I gotta tell you about a special hookup from today's sponsor. You guessed it. SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. There are many artists touring right now, including Post Malone, Charlie X, CX, Kendrick, Billy Eilish. SeatGeek has got you covered for all of them. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. 'cause green means good, red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. So no matter how many times you bought tickets you to SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. Take out your phone for me, open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it right now because his offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out to SeatGeek now. Back to the Show.


No, but that home exists everywhere I want. That's an important lesson to learn. For anybody watching this right now who is looking for some sort of like accessible value from this episode today, because we're gonna be talking a lot about billionaires and private jets and Star and a lot of this type of shit. So like, if you are looking for some value, the the, there is a way to combat alpha males and and billionaires out there and, and being funny and having good energy and being positive and putting that type of energy out there is always a way that you can win over a room. So that's actually what you've done. How did you get involved in these circles of high net worth individuals coming from a, I mean, you're well off, you're, you, you, you had a great childhood.


Your parents are still together, like all admirable. But how do you get in these circles? So first of all, I'll, I'll acknowledge my, my privilege. I grew up, as you said, privilege that and adjacent to these environments. So a lot of the stud world, even though I didn't go there growing up, I was exposed to growing up in London and, and going to similar ski towns. So I always saw how those sorts of people operated, but I was also always raised to read between the lines and see the absurdity and see how the money doesn't actually buy happiness. It can help people in many ways, but it can also destroy in many ways.


So I'm blessed with that perspective And I realized that comedy is a great lubricant for conversation. It really is. You know, it's like you can be at dinner telling us a, a great story monotonously and no one wants to listen. You throw in a couple jokes and it's a great story. Right? And, and Schad guys is kind of that. I think when you watch my videos, you're, you're rarely laughing out loud. It's usually like a little chuckle because comedy is my choice of language and not my choice of, of product. The product is a bit More like luxury journalism in a way. I'm kind of talking about luxurious experiences, products, places, and using comedy just to make it more digestible and to make it more relatable.


I also now talk a lot about those manners you were talking about and the ways of operating. I've learned a lot about etiquette and manners from you. Yeah. You're, you're such a gentleman, appreciate that. Like, you, you would pour me water, you'd pull out chairs for people. Like, always, always simple, simple stuff. But it's that, it's that European class that I as a, a very American boy from Ohio just didn't really grow up with. No, You're you're very well mannered to be honest. Well, well now partially because of you. I wanted to ask you just a simple question. Sure. Because you have seen it and you just mentioned it. Does Money Buy Happiness? I think this is probably a very common answer, but money is an, an incredible tool that can make the good better and the bad worse.


So it depends on people's mindset. I think in a place like Shaad in particular, you have people that have all the money in The world and they choose to live a very wholesome, modest life with their family. Do very charitable things, build beautiful homes that are built clearly for them and not for status or for putting out anything. And then you have the inverse where people live very crazy lives with a lot of vice and they live this life of abundance and like gluttony and money can make that a lot worse if you choose that path. So I think it's whatever your mindset is, you guys are a great testament to that. I've seen you when you were living in the grove and you had very little to lead a life of excess.


And now that you can lead a life of excess, you have this beautiful, wholesome life with your wife and daughter and you've chosen a good path. So I think you're a testament to that answer. Yeah. I I personally, I would rather cry in a Lambo. I I agree with that for Sure. I think money is, it's an amazing thing. There's, There's data for Sure. There's data in studies about this. By the way, I've, I've always been very interested and I think we've talked about 'em on the show before. There's this, there's a, a median earnings that represents the highest saturation of happiness in the United States. And that number obviously changes by location and it also changes by every year, right? Because of inflation, cost of goods, so on and so forth.


But in, in Connecticut, I remember when the study came out, I think it was somewhere around like 95,000 a year. And as you move down from that, you lose the ability to cover the things that you need as an individual or as a family member, right? Healthcare, food, certain basic luxuries, television, maybe a trip every here and there. And as you move away from that median, as you move away from that average, whichever one it is, I can't remember, you are now dedicating more, having to dedicate more time to earn that money. And so at the end of the day, unless you're talking about some hyper affluent child who has gifted the money, there actually is a right amount of money to, to be making, to, to, to find happiness.


Because to be completely honest with you, you and I, we we come across, I mean, you're, you're pretty locked in nowadays as dad. But we're, we're outside and we run through, we run across so many freaking people. And I'll be honest, there's a bountiful amount of unhappiness in the scene that we play in, dude. Yeah. Bountiful. Like, like all these people out there watching this are thinking to themselves like, wow, if I was only able to accumulate X amount of dollars, man, it, it just doesn't seem to translate into any long form meaningful happiness because I, I don't see it. And I, I don't know, You know, I Mean, I I think that money won't necessarily buy happiness, but the lack of money will very likely buy sadness amazing and amazing and, and pain.


Yep. Right? So I think that that's a non-negotiable. If people can't take care of the people they love and take care of themselves, then it's a whole different game. Do you think the blanket statement you gotta get that bread up is applicable? For Sure. I think that there, there's what's important from zero to 10, what's all with you? No, but to, to be honest. What, what gets you from zero to 10 and and how you feel from zero to 10 and then 10 to a hundred and a hundred to a thousand are very different sets of problems and considerations and, and emotions. When I talk about stud and, and these absurd communities, this is like really like way beyond necessity.


This is excess in every shape and form. It's people that indulge in excess, even for good or for worse, like a, a bottle of water. Inad is like 30 francs, which is like 32 bucks. Oh, It's the most exp Oh, it's the most expensive city I've been to. Yeah. Yeah. By, by a landslide. There's nothing, All this, my whole shtick is about excess and craziness and, and, and that, that world. So my two characters are a push and pull between old money, new money. So I have Constance who is tradition, he is always frowning Constance. And, and he's tradition, manners, values a lifelong of modest a a life lived through modesty.


A and rarely accepting change. He has things he loves and he wants to stick to those things. He rarely accepts new things in his life. And he's representing that archetype of that that old money person you're talking about who's always disappointed. And his cousin Colton that I also play is, yeah, he's, he is, he's, he's, he's a face that we were more exposed to more often. He is also comes from this world of, of high net worth life. And he's loves change, loves hype, loves modernity, loves celebrating colors. Travis, Travis, Scott, Nikes. And and that's the, the push and pull. And they're both fictional characters, but they're ambassadors of real life people and archetypes, right?


So this constant type is addicted to excellence. And I think most people know someone who has that addiction, who buys a MacBook Pro instead of a MacBook just to check their emails and gets a Porsche tur instead of a Porsche to go to the grocery store. And that's, that's constants. He wants the best of the best in every single category of his life. He gets the best clothes, the best watches. And but that's not ex, that's not exclusive to the jet set. And that's what I think is, is applicable to all of your characters. Is that a, a aspirational greatness is a, is a globally is a global thing that expands across all socioeconomic barriers.


Like e everybody wants the best of everything. I mean, you go and dude, when I first made money sell and drop, I wanted to buy luxury shit. You know what I'm saying? You want to go and buy Jackie People, people spend their first money, they get on a, on a Rolex or, or, or go to Louisie or whatever. You know what I'm saying? Like for Sure that part is very applicable and that's why, and I, and I'm curious how you do, how, how you do this. That's why I think you're starting to see this growth on this page. Mm. Where, where it's starting to leak really well outside of the, outside of the jet set and outside of the, You know, the, the, the upper echelon because people are aspirational and people wanna know about these places. So how do you stay, how do you stay true to the global elitist while also satisfying your new trickling audience that kind of is getting kicks out of it, but also likes to learn.


So the first thing I will say is when you said kind of make fun of this life when you're bullying up, you guys will see this at dinners when you're, where you're telling jokes, it rarely feels like you're bullying. People who are being bullied feel celebrated. Mm. So you could be like, oh, look at Mike, he's always getting the best shoes. He's like, oh, stop it. But like, but keep it coming. You know, you like, he loves it. You know? And that's, that's what bullying up is like. So when I make fun of billionaires for being billionaires, they're like, ah, they love it. They're like, they wanna listen in. They, they love it. You know? So they're, they're feeling celebrated and people who are not in that position feel heard because they're like, oh, this is obviously crazy.


The, the staff that work for these people, these people have crazy teams of staff at their homes. They, they love the content. 'cause like, finally someone's making fun of my boss. Mm. So there's this healthy trickle down effect. I think that people either feel celebrated or feel heard. And it's, it's a nice balance. Sorry, I'm, I'm, I'm laughing over here. 'cause you were talking about bullying at dinners and I was thinking about Shaad when George made that joke to Brian Armstrong. Yeah. When George, when George, when George absolutely roasted the ceo, EO of Coinbase Founder, what He say, and George and George had no idea who he was. Would he Say, you Have so much money and you can't buy hair? Is that what he said?


He did not say that. Yes, He did. Really? Yes. And bro, He, they'd never even spoken. He Just, he was Brian, He picked the ball guy at the end of the table. No, he didn't. Well, I don't know if he didn't really laugh at it, but like, I think he, I think he, it was a funny joke. It was a funny joke everyone else laughed at. So he might've been like, yeah, but, but, but, but it it, it is that kind of like, you, you, you can bully up the rich people that you're making fun of, or p or poking. You're not making poking. You're ping, you're poking fun of the absurdity of their lifestyle. And objectively it is absurd for, for 99% of The world, their lifestyles are absurd. Bro. Some of the things we saw when we were inad blew, blew my mind. It's a hundred percent absurd still. Yeah. It's, it it's not real life. Yeah. But they're not, they, they don't get ultra offended.


No, they don't. Okay. They, I mean, every once in a while you'll get someone who gets offended. And honestly, I'm happy about that. Mm. Because I'm trying to raise awareness about the absurdity. Unfortunately, a lot of people watch the videos that are literally about them and they're like, ah, haha. Like, that's so not me. It goes right over their heads, You know? But it is literally them. So it's, I hope people learn a thing or two in the process. Well, this Is where the conversation in my eyes 'cause Interesting. 'cause I'll approach this now as like social media strategist. Yeah. When you first started making these videos, they would get a little bit of attention. The numbers weren't incredibly crazy. Some of them would go viral, but they spoke to the people that were describing these high net worth individuals.


And the growth at first was, was slow but potent. And you actually, I think, proved something in social media in that who your audience, who your audience audiences can have extreme value. Yeah. And even though at the time your following wasn't huge, the people that were following you had a lot of fucking money. So you were a rare case where you could speak to the most wealthy individuals on the planet, even though your following was like 150,000, 200,000. And you realize you had a little hack there because for the right brand attached to you, that person would then buy what you're telling them to buy what you're wearing.


IE Loro Piana, dude, Lauren's piano. Lauren's piano a high. How would you even describe this brand? Like a quiet luxury brand? Like a mo like Loro Piana? I, I think I would describe Loro Piana as understated luxury made for the people who wear it, not the people who see it. Which is a rare thing in luxury these days. And You've been on the LP train for a while. For a while. Like five years ago you're, you're like, yo, you gotta get these shoes. Right. And then no Longer I feel like longer. Like a long time. Yeah. So then you, you, you started this page and how did the partnership with LP happen where now you're, you're essentially like an ambassador for them.


And dude like you alone have how 10 Xd their sales because of Shad guy, because of the audience you're speaking to. Is that, Is that an accurate I don t Know. That's a big, I I I, I, yeah. I think, I think that my storytelling about Loro Piana definitely, definitely part of, part of the growth. But there's also some tailwinds of quite luxury becoming a trend and me being well placed as a spokesperson for that. I think also the brand that think some incredible things and their, their products are incredible. So all I did was maybe put a little flashlight towards it over the years. 10 X, 10 x.


It's been, it's been a cool journey with them. It's been, it's been cool to watch. Yeah. 'cause 'cause you know, in my eyes I I I was always taught like most reach, most impressions, most people possible. Yeah. But you focus on the people who have money. Yeah. And if they're paying attention to what you're doing, you can really move the needle. And you've proven that you have partnership with Otmar Pega AP. I do. So on the topic of the, the smaller niche audience, I think that my strategy is maybe unique to social media, but it's typical in, in all other industries, like to think of restaurants. Not every restaurant has a McDonald's strategy. You know, there's luxury restaurants forever and they just want less customers who pay more versus more customers who pay less.


Mm. So it's actually a pretty normal way to run business. It's just unique to social media because social media by its very nature, is supposed to be open access to everyone. And because of the language I use in my videos, there was this automatic barrier to entry. It was like a door for members club because someone who gets it would watch and say, I understand what this is about. And they keep watching and people who don't get it would stop watching. So I had this, this gate at the front of, of comprehension and, and relating to this crazy world that made my concentration of, of these followers huge. So yeah, like you said, I didn't have that many followers, but they happen to be big ticket followers.


And my first couple videos, I started talking about Loro Piana because it's, it's a real life love for this character. I'm portraying the real life Shaad guy is obsessed with Loro Piana. And I grew up with around these shaad guys. Like my friend's dads, my own dad in many ways. A lot of people around me who were obsessed with this understated brand and the excellent materials. And the same thing for Opi with the watches. What'd, what'd you say just then? Opi opi. That's how, that's how you pronounce it. How, Remember this video od the video we did together? Oh yeah. The watch video.


The watch video. There you go. But you all, you speak French. That's why you're doing all that. I do speak French. So actually back to your point about the international school accent. Yeah. I, I've seen a lot of things about this on TikTok, but the international school accents basically kids who go to international schools and are taught in a British based system, but they're exposed to American pop culture and they listen to IMPAULSIVE and watch Disney Channel. So they get the American twang mixed in with this British schooling, plus a third language at home that they speak natively, which could be something central Asian, middle Eastern, Italian, French.


So they get this mixed up accent that's very typical in international schools. And That's why you sound like that. Yes. But what else do you speak Skip? Why? I like keeping some mysteries. He's keeping It mysterious. I But you speak more languages. I just speak more languages. Whoa. You're mysterious like that. It's nice. I think, I think the mystery of my page adds a lot of fuel to the fire. Yeah. But you, you're here, you ruined it. I'm here just speaking as myself and, and talking about the process. I think. Good. This is a good, a good segue actually. 'cause you, a couple minutes ago you brought up this, this analogy of having this like gate, this barrier to entry being, being able to understand the content and people who didn't get it would just turn away, right?


Yeah. But something that happened was that party inside the gates that the people who didn't get it just turned away from, got so big and so lively. And, and everybody that was looking inside that at first would just turn away. They were like, wait, Now I kind of wanna get it right. I wanna understand the hype. Why are all these people going crazy? Why are they trying to shop at Lawrence pianos and wear amar's pickets? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Go go to GO. Yeah, for Sure. How do you, I guess I, I kind of asked this question, but I, but I I, I wanna cycle it back and really understand it. Like, how do you not become mainstream?


Yeah. Like how do you continue to satisfy this portfolio, that portfolio that you've created, right? Like, it's like yeah's like, I mean, I, I think there's, there's a few things to this one I'll talk about. I'll talk about what's, I'll talk about what's on the outside. Gimme me Bro. No, he was probably caught in a clip for a fucking IMPAULSIVE. What was It? He walked, what? He walked, what was that? What was it Kevin? Was it Fucking sicko? Go go dude. Guy with disrespect. No, that's good. He's good. So there, there's, there's a few reasons for that. One, I think I read a statistic that like 90% of the world's money was made in the past 10 years.


So there's a lot more people who made a lot of money and wanted to learn how to spend it and want to see how other people spend it. And as You know very well, people who make money recently often feel judged by those who made money a long time ago. Yeah. It's like this new money versus old money. Yeah. And they wanna learn the ways of the old money people because they think that that's what the experience spender lives alike. True or false, who knows? Experienced bender. Right. That's, I mean, that's how, that, how people think. And here comes this account Shaad guy that uncovers the secret world of high net worth people. Four years ago, one of the, the greatest days of my life, I Got a notification on my Instagram that Virgil Ablo followed me and started to engage with my content.


Yeah. I I was so honored. I've always been a big fan of his. And he started commenting the modern Robin Leach who had this TV show, the Secret Lives of the rich and famous Lifestyle of Rich and famous. Exactly. Hey, hey. And he thought that stud guy was the modern take on that. And that I'm uncovering this world, but also keeping this gate. So, so that's one of the, the, the, the tailwinds also most of my audience is now in the us which makes sense 'cause the fastest growing economy. And Europe people in the US are, have always been very curious about Europe and European living. And I'm uncovering a secret world like Shaad that's rarely been uncovered or centra pay or all these places.


So that's on the tailwind side, on my side, I love that the party's getting bigger and more people are engaging. I think that started happening when I took a slight turn to talking more about good manners, values, relationship advice from the perspective of this shaad guy who used to only really talk about consumerism mostly. But now it's also about a way of living, which is a deep part of this world, of, of manners and treating people well for hopefully for a lot of people, but sometimes not. And that opened up the gates. The way I try to keep the gates a bit more closed is by adding barriers to entry through language. So you might notice in a lot of my videos, I'll start the video with Bosu guy here.


And Bosu is, good morning ladies and gentlemen in French. And for someone who's lives in, in Miami, but vacations in central PE in summer in, in the south of France, they get that. They, they're, they waitress said it to them when they were having breakfast. So they keep watching. But someone who's never heard that before thinks, oh wait, this is in a different language. I'll skip. So You're phasing out middle America. I am trying to What you doing for Danny in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, bro. What I, I hope We can learn anything or two. He can't. I'd love to meet Danny. I'd love to meet Danny, You know, But I'm, I'm trying to keep the party contained even though I love the fact that it's scaled and I'm so grateful for it. I think that it's important to stick to a niche.


I think a niche is, is the way to go. Well guess what? That niche has some company. You got any beef in the high value net worth space? Because there's a couple other people in the space right now. They're doing things a little bit differently. Yeah. It's great. Are you familiar with Supers snake? I am. Great guy. Guys friends. Yeah. We're we're friends. Do you guys appreciate what the other does? Yeah, I I think we're both playing different games in the same field sort of thing. I think he talks to a, a different type of, of consumer who's a bit more party, a bit more Talk. He talks a little bit more to me.


Yeah. Not, not, You know, to be, not to No, I, I agree with you. And I want to ask you about this too and kind of segue into it, because he definitely does. And You know, The memes are about the, the dark side of Basel, You know, the hoey dooleys, the prostitutes at F1 and this and that. It's very, You know, focused on that, on that darker side. Yeah. I'm always been focused on more family friendly. My hashtag on every post is, it's all family. Yep. I've always wanted to be More like Shrek where you transcend ages. Yep. How do you, what One thing that has always been tricky, I think for, for both, for anyone at that plays in this podcast space and in, in this kind of world, it's always hard for me to not tell the wildest stories from the back rooms, from the, from, you know, the, the after parties.


You know what I'm saying? That because they are the best stories. But I've always felt like as soon as you start telling them they're gonna stop happening, fine. How do you draw the line as to like, what is acceptable to talk about regarding the world of the elites and what is not acceptable? And I don't mean that on some like weird like Illuminati shit. I just mean like, what, what's, what secrets are better? Left fine on, on shared. I mean, I feel like I, I'll never really expose people or corner people in, in a negative light. So I feel like even if I'm uncovering something negative, I'll try to pretend like my character's the one doing the negative thing or one of my characters self-deprecation and sort of self-deprecation and sort of like offsetting the attention from someone who could feel targeted.


'cause that's, I'm not trying to be TMZ, You know, so I try to also add the layer of fiction. I think fiction is the strongest way of telling stories in all types of media over the past 10,000 years. It's like fiction, leads, books, movies, music. But for social media for some reason it's always been this tiny, tiny subset. And I think fiction is so powerful. So, because you can tell a real story in a far more interesting way by adding some salt and pepper and adding some spices to your dish. Right? And I think that there's this addiction to the authentic on social media, this now being challenged because people are realizing that those who are authentic are actually often inauthentic.


So they're down to swing to the opposite side of the spectrum. And they're celebrating fiction. And a great example of that is Zach. I think he's, Oh God, dude, actually excellent. I think he's so good at what he does. So humble to fiction. He's so humble. He's super, Yeah. The Most he owns, he owns his character. I actually think he's, he's one of the greats online right now for Sure. And he's Great. So with a, with a rockstar like Zach, you know, I mean his, his accomplishments are, the list goes on and on and on. And I, I I I, I aspire even to be, as a fluent and articulate as a guy like Zach rif. I agree. I agree. But, and The girls, The girls, I mean the girls, he gets this guy's just guy Sydney Sweeney pulling the hu Yeah. Like the list again goes on and on.


I heard he has, by the way, a few homes inad More than One. More than one. Oh My God. Really? Yeah. That guy's a gangster. So much money. So I, I was gonna ask, with with, with like a character like Colton, You know, the, I mean, I, I, here's my interpretation of Colton, he's like a new money douchey rich kid. Exactly. Who, who has zero self-awareness about like, what he looks like? Precisely. Okay. Okay. A hundred percent. So That's my like Ohio interpretation of, that's Colton. What Colton is. Yeah. So like, would a guy like Colton beef with, You know, a rockstar like Zach, horrific, like two, two guys with money, two guys who can pull, pull any girl they want, drive the cool cars In real life. Yeah, those types. Big ego, big.


They, they, they feel challenged constant. On the other hand, the sta guy in the room, he feels elevated. He feels like he's independent house and they're in the lobby. So he'll stay quiet. He stay to the side, he'll mind his own business. What Does, what does Constance think of Colton? He thinks he's, he's on his own journey on his own side. But he, he loves him. He loves Hims family. You know, they're cousins. Cousins, right? They're cousins. How did you come up with a character of Colton? Like how did you, how did you know you were like this? You could be this funny, funny bro douchey guy and lose the international accent. Okay, so, so basically I think I've always thought that accents carry prejudice positive or negative. Right? But when you hear an accent, you assume things because of people you're exposed to with those accents.


So for example, David Borough of the documentaries and many others have taught us that, like, this eloquent British accent is like wisdom, manners, etiquette, knowledge. So when constant says something mediocre, sounds profound. Okay. And that's real. You know, it's a real thing. Yeah. People are are speaking like with these eloquent accents. You, you, you wanna listen to what they say and you, you, you take it so well. And that's where his wisdom videos, where I sit at these desks and stance says these profound things. I was on, on a boat, a very, very big boat, humongous boat with, with a guy who owns the boat.


And everyone's talking and he starts to speak and everyone, everyone stops and listens, you know? And he says like, hard work pays off. Everyone's like, they get so amped up 'cause the guy owns the boat. You know? So like, if any of us guessed at anything that was actually profound, no one would care. And that, that's when I started to realize like with the, with this delivery, and of course with the boat, boat, the boat's a big part. Boat boat's a big part with the boat and this whole thing. People really like will believe anything anyone says. Yeah. So I was like, what Ifad guy sits at a table and starts spewing random wisdom. Well, peop how will people feel about it? Yeah. So my first video with the wisdom was the more you spend, the more you make.


Well, sorry, the more you, the more you spend, the more you make. And people were like, yes, I agree. I was like, you agree? This is supposed to be ironic, but I realized that you, you wear the lower piano, you wear the, you're sitting in this desk and people are like, they resonate. I was like, let me make fun. No, but it's not. But it's not. It's not. But it Is true. It's just, So wait, how, How is that true? You should save Mean No, the no, the more you spend, the more you make. It's Is, it is a, is a common business theory. You have to spend money to make money. Yes. So you're constantly Casting, but not the More like, you should invest a bit and still be reasonable. But like, but it's what I was saying is make 10, spend 12. Got it. Yeah. Which is absurd. Right. Right. You know, but listen, You know, so, so basically I realize if I say absurd things in this eloquent British accent Yeah.


People will resonate. You know, so with this French and the, the trilingual, and then I thought, I need a push and pull. Yeah. I need, I need the devil to the angel. Yeah. I need the antithesis. And who is that? It's, it's the American hype beast with all this chrome heart's money, You know, and it's cousin Colton. Yeah. What is good guys? Cousin Colton here. And he's just like a chill dude. He loves life, loves to celebrate everything. Where's he Based? He's in la right? He's, He's LA New York, upper East side Hamptons, Miami. He's my Guy. T up my name. I see him. Mamas far. You see him every Day. Exactly. I'm with every day. Exactly. It's my favorite. Per and in fact, You know what's funny?


We, we started this episode with you guys talking about your friendship. Yeah. Me and you didn't start off on that Team. We did not start off on a good note Tone. We started off V 'cause I think, I think when we, alright, so we met in a, in a, a very different time. Yes. And, and we met under, we met under like the, the brutal reign. Logan Paul, not the current. Like, and there was a lot of like infighting and like distrust and war. And like, It was that guy with the voice in the house. Hey Logan, Probably you're talking about one of the most famous characters in the history.


Ron Bur we're not doing this shit. We're not fucking doing this right now. Right. Him And Mike Beef Evan laughing. Oh, me and bro, too funny, bro. There will be books about all of this. Like long books, bro. But, but you, but I think, I think more than anything, we both rep, when we met, we both were vying for let's, We can be honest about now we were both vying for a friendship, You know? And I think there was a lot of that kind of Like, what does vying mean? Just Like trying to, trying to get Ba battling for friendship. And I Don't think so. I, I think it was part of it, dude. Really? I don't fucking know. Don't think so. All but, But, but, but more so, but more so honest. I think you and I just had a hard time purely because we were on slightly different vibes.


I think you were very high energy. I was fairly low energy. And I think we both met somewhere in the middle years later. Well, I wanted to say that, but I also think that we, I also think that we represented like such differing sides of The world, like Constant cult. Oh, a hundred percent. And that's, so that's why I, I hope not, dude. I I'm not, but that's why I bring it up. Right. No, no, no. But to me you were, because I was from, You know, You know, food stamps and crack and porn stars. And I met this guy who is, You know, ski lifts and oh, as I say that, Steve appears on the screen. You are, you are in real life More like Constance than he's, He's A blend between two.


You're a blend. But, but, but you do you understand that upper echelon of life. And, and, and you, you did float in and around that world while not being like one of those people. Yeah. And so, like, certainly for e ev, everyone who knows you, at least our friends like you are like, You know, you're shy guy, You know Me, you know how to act. I appreciate, Thank you. But it was a, but it was a clash right? At first. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then slowly but surely we realized, we're like, wow, dude, he's funny. And then we, he would come around more often. You're at the house and I would see you travel in and out and then years later you would call me and be like, Hey man. Like, I'm thinking about leaving.


Did we talk About Yeah, you could say, I think this is fa I think it's fascinating because, because dude, you did, you had a whole life before your social media career took off. I did. And, and, and a successful life. And the funniest part about you, I think is that you're actually so conservative and take your time. You make smart strategic decisions. Very low risk. Doesn't Dr. Drink doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, Doesn't smoke. You're, you're, you're a great guy, Thank you. Who's very risk a adverse And you had a regular ass job working at app. No. An awesome ass job. An awesome, an awesome job. But for for Sure, like a prestigious job though. You worked at Apple, right? In the international pay Apple Pay. I was doing Apple Pay. Yeah. It was, it was an amazing phase of my life.


Like I, when I started Shaad guy, it was just for fun. Before I get to that, actually, Thank you for your, for your kind words. Well, I didn't even Get to him. I, I didn't even get to him. I just, I, but I think we're going in the right direction gonna get to this, But I appreciate it. So I, I worked on a startup for a while. When I had first met you, I had just started working on it, did well for a bit, and then I went bust and then I Got a, a desk job at Apple working on Apple Pay growth. And Apple's a very secretive company that doesn't really love people to be exposed to the camera unless they're part of the process. So the fictional world of Sta guy and the privacy of Stad guy really helped with that.


Where I could work by day and film videos by night. Like Batman. I mean Batman's is a stretch, I'd say More like budget, Hannah, Montana, You know? Yeah. Yeah. And, and I started filming these videos and two years in they started to pick up and I could finally take the leap of faith once Shaad guy became lucrative and I could justify quitting my job and, and doing this full time and, and living off of Shaad guy and the businesses. I start on the back of it. So What happened when your boss at Apple found out that you were also making these ridiculous social media videos? He he was Pretty Supportive. He Was. Yeah. I, I think so. I mean, at least that's what it seemed like to me.


I think people are generally excited for people going on their own path. Mm. And Apple is, is generally a very cool place to work. It changed my, my way of thinking about things entirely. What what was the ultimate deciding factor that led you to quit your, your well-paying job? You were torn. Yes. Were Very, I was toy for a while. Yeah. Yeah. I think I've, I've, I've had the blessing of perspective growing up and seeing how money can do great things and how the lack of it can also do bad things. So I've, I've experienced ups and downs and I think that the Desire for stability was such a big part of me getting employed in the first place.


I, I would wanted to be, have a stable life and have this job and, and have that consistency. And it made me very scared to take the leap of faith to become an entrepreneur and, and Douch guy full time. So really, I sat on the thought of quitting for a really long time. Yeah. And I actually briefly joined Coinbase after Apple after we met Brian and Schad. And actually, so I, I left Apple went to Coinbase very briefly and, and quit all of that two months in really because of financial confidence. I think that like hedging risk when you have a pretty good job, but it means a lot to you is important. And not to like, take a ridiculous leap of faith and just go do something like social media.


I think you should wait until you de-risk it a bit. And I de-risked it over two, three years. And only once Shaad guy was paying me enough could I Best, best advice In entire World. It's good advice. He, he did the same Cal, I call it calculated risk. I did, I did the same as well. You did too. Yep. Like, like we all had like a viable plan B seemed to be like it could be plan A now. Yep. That's exactly what it was. So side hustle becomes main hustle. Yep. So let's run it. And I even, and even ironically, I always even found a way to keep my main hustle that, and made that my side hustle after I left. That's, That's Great. So I would still, I would find a way like when I, if when I left Lovesac and, and joined you can it for them.


Right. I had, I I Got a consulting deal with that. Mm. So for the first year I left Lovesac, I was actually getting paid by them to do remote work for them while I was doing most of the time here and with Exactly. That's Great. So, so it is interesting because in a way I feel like you've, you've, you've faked it and then made it A hundred percent. And it's so interesting 'cause you, you started making fun of these people and their, and their luxurious lifestyles and, and the word is luxury. And now you're living that luxury lifestyle and, and you did fake it. And then you made it. And so how do you feel about the idea that you're one of the people now that you make fun of? Actually, I, I wouldn't say I'm not one of the people, I'm not one of the people at all But you.


But you got one Serious levels in between. But That is, that is true. But dude, like you are everywhere, all over The world at the coolest spots. All the big events with all the supermodels. Like, You know, you see it, you're in it. And, and I mean, You know, like Zach Rif, I, I, I'll be honest, I, I draw parallels to you guys because, well, 'cause this guy was, was essentially like, You know, faking it. He was, he was this character. And then I see him like, actually out and about getting access, getting into clubs, getting girls. I'm like, this motherfucker manifested his way into being the cool guy. And now he is. That's cool. It's, it's, it's, it's cool to see.


Yeah, For Sure. I thi I think above ev everything, I'm grateful and blessed to, to be in this position. I think another thing I, that's part of that gratitude is the perspective of seeing that there isn't really that golden light at the end of the tunnel. You guys know that in this world, like there isn't a party that's missing, that's gonna change your life or an event that's missing. It's, wait A sec. What? I don't think he, he under, Maybe he doesn't get it. Wait, Wait. I don say different. That one, that one party, that one moment doesn't actually exist. No. Nah, nah, nah, nah. No, no, no. You can't. I thought you have to do every single one of them. Yeah, you can't, you Don't, you Don't have do. Yeah. You can't Wait. Can I, can I, can I do a little exercise with you please?


Can I just fire like a couple things off of you? Sure. Okay. When I say I'm gonna just say a word, you just let me know what immediately comes to mind. Star, You know, Cool guy Chilton Hotel in London. You just saying what they are. Oh, come on. What do you want me to do? Association? No, that's fine. IF You can do that if you want, but I, yeah, like half C and in cpe? Yes. Oh man. Smells like puke. Not for Me. People are just waiting on the stairs all day. Yes. Feisal. Who's that? Feisal. Oh, in Saudi? Yeah. Great guy.


De Alpina. Beautiful hotel. Will Makris. Great guy. Geez, I just, I just wanted to launch some of these, like the, the, the, these like scene things that you just see what your response was. I, I, no, it's fun. I think. Yeah. Will Ris End it? See this great guy? I think the scene generally is, it looks a lot more sparkly on the outside than it is on, on. Yeah Dude, for Sure. There's influenza in there. Yeah, There Is it, It's breeding. I think going to all these places and doing all these things, if you have the wrong head on your shoulders, it can go down a very dark path. And we've seen it many times. But if you can go into these places with the right mindset, energy, where it's, it's part of work, part of an experience and not your identity to just travel around The world, going to these f ones and things.


For, for me, really it's, it's work and I'm so blessed that my work is also fun and glamorous and cool. But when I'm there, I'm really excited about going back home and, and being with friends and hanging out with you guys and family. You know, See I just, I just, the all jokes aside, go s thing to thing. Right. Same way. But I feel extremely good after I leave every event because I always have a new guest for the show. I always have a new flu connection. Yeah. I do get influenza, but I, but I feel, I feel like I'm able to work the, I get a ton. I get a ton of stuff done in the rooms and a lot of people don't. A lot of people, to your point, a lot of people go and they do twosie.


They spend money on girls. Exactly right. They, they stay at the setai for, you know, a week and a half and then they, yeah. It's a fantastic, fantastic. I Think you have, you have to milk every opportunity, right? So if you're at one of these places and these good things rarely last forever, make sure you milk every second, you meet the right people. You, You like Milk. Make the most outta it. Do you like milk? I do like milk, dairy, Milk. I, I, I like dairy milk. You, you, You, you. I drink Dairy milk, drink dairy milk. You had the milk and stud. Oh my god. It's cows. You've It. I've had it with you. It's very good. Very good milk. Wow. Oh, the fondue with the stu palace. Very good also. Very good.


Who gets more Hus? Colton or Constance? What does hus mean? The hus Just, just ignore me. Forgot he's 30. Who gets more girls? Constance or Colton. Yeah. I think in practice of Colton. 'cause the modern girl loves that toxic guy. But Tonino, he is a good valued man. Yeah. He's as a family man. He's honest. I think he deserves more than Colton does. You know, it's rarely the case. I like the mics. The mics get all the girls the Colton's. That is true. The funny guy. I, I like when you do pu A Bellas is great in The trash. Can can can we do an exercise for Sure pu or For Sure.


Okay. Spending more, spending more than five seconds. Looking at the bill Pu Story highlights of different travel destinations. Pu Cuffing your pants Pu Wearing ankle socks. Really? Yeah. What about when you have low cut Loro Piana No socks. Really? No socks. If you really have to, you can wear the ones that don't Show no shows Posting photos of DJs behind the DJ booth. I, I make money off it. I'll Tell you what, say it for me. What? Oh, pu Pu Calling a week long trip to Konos, a vacation Pu So it's all just, it's all pu it's all, I I feel like I feel like you do get a lot of inspo from what Mike's doing.


Yeah. But it's not a Mike target to be honest. Like I, it certainly seems like Human beings, Human beings generally feel like they're a lot more unique than they are. And my page is like testament to that. Like we, we even sta guy who's this like fictional character who's so absurd, no one even knows a real guy who's sitting there frowning and hating on everything, right? Yeah. But still, they still relate to what he says. For Sure. So it's, we all have a lot. I love The Alliance. I love My DJ friends. You've got some too. You're friends with the kind of music guys. All a big joke. No, they're great. The kind of music guys are awesome. They're crushing it. They're They're really doing great. They actually have a very similar audience to Stud Guy For some reason. There's a lot of overlap. I mean, they, they're like, it it seems like every year it's kind of like a new like it ensemble or group or dj like I remember it was, it, it has been still kind of is Rufuss and Rufuss is is doing The World tour 2025, which kicks off I think in March.


And kind of music has just been insane. And now Pza has had a huge year as well. Just crush it. Whatever dude. I'm not a big party guy. No, but You know, not at all. No, but you're, you pay attention to you pay attention to Days. I think that's, that's fairly American. I I What, what is I I didn't know a lot of it's a couple of those names you were mentioning Rufuss. I know Rufuss de all. Oh, I was gonna say Out the How do you have enough social energy to like talk with people when you're out and about? Because because 'cause for me, like alcohol is a tool in that way. Yeah. You know, it, it, I don't, I'm a dad Now. I don't really give a fuck. But if I drink a little bit, like I'll, I'll have some pretty good conversations.


But, but you don't drink and you're always out and about. Yeah, I think I, I, I've really practiced ending conversations quickly if I don't see them being fruitful. And by fruitful I don't mean like I'm gaining something. I mean like a conversation. I, I'll even enjoy having Mm. Energy And, and have the energy for it. So I try to protect my energy. If I meet someone and they're immediately showing off or like giving me this energy that I, I don't really align with, I'll try to just end it and, and move away. And if I meet someone, that's great. There's always like a great person in a room. They usually happen to be a bit more quiet. Especially in the rooms that You're in. Yeah. And I really enjoy talking to 'em and learning.


And it's usually a great time. Honestly. I'm blessed. I'm, I'm meeting pretty cool people when I go to these places. So I've, I've happened to have stumbled upon this life path and job that brings me to good people. So, You know what I like to see as your friend and just like anyone doing social media, I like, I like to see you building your own businesses now capitalizing, You know, like, like, like I said before, you a hundred Xd Loro Piana and, and, and that was 100% your doing. I appreciate that. And and tell me about the Una. The Una is a beautiful animal that lives in South America that is delicately sheared once every two years and has the finest wool of any natural fiber in the entire world, which makes it extremely soft.


Loro Piana have fibers that are finer than Vicuna now, but they're through generations of selective breeding. They have this amazing line called the Gift of Kings. Oh my God. Which is selectively bred Marino wool, which traditionally, as you guys know, Merino is like, not super rare at all. But if What, why'd you say, as you guys know, bro, I used to, I literally, like I said, I used food stamps to buy cheese. I mean, look at, You know, I mean I had to eat pairs of these Travis. They don't have merino wool. Is that like, is that like better than cashmere? No, Marino wools typically not better than Cashmere. But there's very few merino sheep that have Dan Marino Like a genetic privilege.


Fucking keep The mind Marino. Yeah. It's very point is it's very impressive and amazing tech goes into a lot of these luxury businesses. So very few luxury businesses I think are strong enough in product to stand out. A lot of them are strong, just strong on brands, which I think is not true luxury. I think that's hype. No, No, no. I agree. That's amazing. That part, that part makes sense. Yeah. That's an LP sweater you got on. I'm Actually, I think head to toe right now. So, so what were your outfit costs right now in totality? Please. You, you gotta do it bro. You're on IMPAULSIVE. The the layman wants to know. 'cause 'cause you're so understated. But bro, I, I'll speak for you. That's gotta be a seven to $8,000 outfit.


No, Possibly. Come on man. Possibly My man's living. That was an incredible answer. Possibly. That was an incredible answer. But look, you've done it now. You now, now you've, you've taken your learnings and, and you're capitalizing on this, on this audience you've built and you've built now your own luxury brand. I have Pelle. Tell me about Pelle. I think it's amazing. So Pelle came from my catchphrase bel, which people kind of know me for now. That's actually the first spike of virality I had on the page by saying things and phrases that constant guide, disapproves of and the end saying bel, which in French means to the trash. And it's him trying to push good manners, good values, good ways of living, most of them completely absurd.


And also showed his disapproval of things with his frown and his outfits and a bit. So he says, like you've said, he looks at the bill for more than five seconds if he looks at the bill for more than five seconds. And 'cause of course the absurd constant should pay without consideration. Yeah, yeah. And through that I realized that the, These Pu videos were creating friendships and bonds between people when they would joke about these videos and they would, two people would like to support padel and love it and bond over it. Or they'd love the game of backgammon and bond over it. And sometimes those things were like generic, like loving sushi.


And sometimes they were super obscure and unique to The world of Stad guy like Una. So I realized people were bonding over these absurdities and I thought, what if someone could wear their absurdities and wear their interests on, on jewelry. And the traditional charm bracelet has charms that kind of dangle, which makes them slightly less masculine. Also the sound, most guys that follow me wouldn't want something like that. So I came up with this design where the charms are directly in between the links. All the links are sterling silver. All the charms are sterling silver and they're hand painted with enamel on the sterling silver. So even though they look playful and fun and colorful and and youthful, they're, they're very well made and people wear the things they love now.


So they wear this, this Riva Arama, which is the boats that aren't on Lake Como. They wear a small vicuna they can wear. And there's all these different options for charm charms to buy. Right. That represent your personality. We have like 80 charms in the website. 80, 80 sick. Yep. But, But so let's not forget these things are pricey intentionally though, correct? Yes. Yeah. I mean the, the, it Is, it is sterling silver and hand painted. So the price is fairly high. But a a lot of my customers are actually buying lots of them now and decorating their, their handbags usually air mess Birkin bags. 'cause the charms are really in right now. Mm. And they wear their interests and the things they love on these bag chains.


What's, what, What, what we talking about from one of these bad boys? Just for, for a charm itself, Each charm is about $80. Oh, it's not too crazy. Okay. But you, to make a bracelet, you need several charms. Okay. So a completed set somewhere around six or $700. Oh, okay. People stack them. They were three or four, they put them on their back. Yeah. So people end up spending like one 2000. Yeah. That's a, that's aspira. It's, I love that. It's aspirational for Sure. I love that price point. Yeah. You know what else is interesting too? When, when did you put those out? Three months ago. But when did you start ideating? Two years ago. Okay. And always kind of looked with that square connector. Yeah. Link. It's funny because really like in the past six to eight months, I think Tiffany's dropped hardware, which I don't know if you've seen this or not, but it's, it, it, it's a very similar No, I mean link, square Link.


It's, it's almost like a masculine, like a bulky masculine link. It's, it's interesting that they copied you. No, they didn't copy me at all. The, the link link jewelry's been around forever. No, no, no. I just, no, I feed with that thick square. With the thick Square. No, We just, so now they owe you as much money as LP does for raising Stock. No. Knows me anyone. No one Knows me. Anyone. 20000%. So what can I have those, some of those please? Of Course. Amazing. Here you Go. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You're just gonna give it to him. Make em, make em buy it. No, I'll buy charms, but just gimme something to start with. You should Actually talk about what happened to yours. I feel horrible. Gave you, I feel horrible. Well, here's what happened. He sent, he sent me and Nina who be Yeah, the bracelets.


I didn't realize they were like very expensive. And so we were just playing around different use cases. Put 'em on the wrist, put 'em on Nina's bag, put him on the, on the dog as like a little like holler and man dog went out running around the woods. Dog came back, pu bell. Shit was gone. Oh my God. You Shit was gone. $2,000 bracelet gone somewhere in the woods. That's actually a necklace. So you can, you can combine the links to make anything as long as you want. As short as you want. Do You have, do you have a, you got a cheeseburger? I do have A cheeseburger course. Of course I do. Any, any syringes for Mike? Have you thought about being More, like more fringe, more risque like that?


I think this, I don't think anyone wants to celebrate that on their jewelry so Bright. You'd be surprised, bro. Really? No, you wouldn't be surprised. I think you should put that on. It's, it is a necklace. I, I wouldn't know how to put it on. You just Combine the links in the back. You know what, in fact, I do know how to put this on. Yeah. I don't know how to put this on. What would I do with these two ends? You Just, there's, there's little clips. You just clip them. Dude. So what now you're asking Yeah. What Now? Oh, oh yeah, I could do this. Like what now actually, 'cause you just started this business. Yep. This necklace business. Yep. Well there's half. And, and, and you have these two characters, and you can speak to really important high net worth individuals. What do you do with that?


I continue pushing and I think that the comedic tone of voice is gonna continue to be a tone of voice. But really it's like, kinda like luxury journalism. And I think that there's a lot of stories to tell about this world. The world's unfortunately becoming more and more polarized. So there's more and more curiosity about this, this, this sort of lifestyle, for better or for worse. And I wanna keep telling stories, adding some humility, adding some comedy to it, and promoting businesses in the process. So, And the 0.1% has become so demonized over the past couple years, Vic, You know, I, I think the 0.1% is the victim right now.


For Sure. To be honest. I mean, For Sure. It's just, I feel bad for these people, dude. Yeah. And that's why tonight I'll be going to Saudi Arabia to help out our fellow Saudi brothers and sisters. That's Absolutely right. Do you feel like, do you feel like one day you're gonna pull back the veil completely because like, I still think there's a whole other side too that people aren't seeing. I mean, I'm, I'm here, right? So No, but Still I'm, I'm, I'm curious. Whoa. What Do I still think? I still you're still, you're still very much I think like a little reserved. I could tell. Well, This was all business focused. We didn't really get into his, his life and his, his girls and Well, not like that.


Yeah, you're you're a chill guy. But I don't know. I, I, I, I, there's way more. Oh, I said your names. Oops. It's fine. I'm the only one who didn't We Gotta, we got, just so you know, I think there's still a lot more schad guy for people to see. Yeah. I I think so too. I think that trickling the story slowly is, is a good thing. I agree. You know, I totally agree. I I I think back to Apple, I think Apple are the best storytellers in The world. Mm. 'cause they tell their own stories so carefully. Him, him Apple and like Cody Rhodes. Oh Yeah. I don know who Cody Rhodes Is WWE Superstar. Okay, fine. He's, he thought Lana Rhodes when you said that. I Did. No, no. She's a good storyteller too. Okay. There you go.


So I like, I like that slow trickle trickle effect. Yeah. It's fun, Man. If we had done, if we had really done this like, deep dive show, the three of us, like three years ago, it would've been such a dramatically different show. What do you mean? It just would've been such, it just would've been, we would've talked about girls so the entire time. Really? Yeah. I think. Do you wanna do that? No, I don't think there's much to say. No, there's not. Now I don Well now there's not. That's what I'm trying to say. Now I'm gonna, You know. Yeah. We're all, we're we're all locked down, bro. I Have a child. I'm single right now.


How's that? It's, it's interesting. It's cool. Like, I'm, I'm traveling to all these places, so I'm meeting a lot of great people, but because I'm traveling to all these places, I rarely get the chance to spend a lot of time with someone. So I think you're the ideal guy. I think you're a nice guy. I think you've seen both sides of the court. No. No, bro. You're a catch, you're an absolute catch. A hundred percent. I bet you're out breaking hearts right Now. No, please. Enough. Enough. Gas up. No. One final absurd story, just to, just to push that together for you. During Covid, there was a two week minimum stay at hotels in Switzerland. Yeah. Okay. And students of La Rose that absurd boarding school, Inad the winter campus, Inad really wanted to have a slice of pizza.


But restaurants were closed. And they love the lobby of one of these beautiful hotels. Inad called the Alpena. So these students who come from very wealthy families have unlimited budgets to spend just so they could have pizza or the, the dinner they wanted. And Shaad would get a room at the hotel for 14 nights. The room rate is like 2000 plus per night. Never go into the room, eat in the lobby, and go home. These are like 14, 15 year olds. So that's the level of absurdity that is inspiring my content in a place. Like it's an Expensive, like stuff, a slice of pizza. Very expensive slice of pizza. That's fucking ridiculous. Yeah. It's really Ridiculous.


Well, what are they gonna do instead? Eat Wally's? The burger. The Burger Hated. Oh man. And poor Wally. Ah, That sucks. 'cause they have so much potential. Wally's. Oh yeah. Oh, They, they, no, but they crush it. They crush it. Yeah. But Wally's crushes. Yeah, but the product is trash, So it's so bad. It's their burgers. It's so bad. Whack. And it sucks 'cause they got that cute little shack and it's right in the center. I think they, I think they should focus on QC a little bit more. Yeah. Quality control. Yeah. But the but the one restaurant down the street across from the olden. Yes. The olden very good restaurant. And that's where everybody, I always see a tag when I see people go Doing. So a lot of people around you going Toad now A few. Yeah. There you go. I mean, bro, You know where I'm at. Real life. Sta guy.


Dude, come on. No, Colton. Real Life. Colton. Gimme some schnitzel at the Alden. It's great. It's Amazing. Didn't, didn't We went there. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't we also almost get in a fight? Wasn't there like a fight or something happening at one point? No, bro. You almost get in a fight in every international place you go. You're a terrible traveler. He's A great traveler. We've been some cool places. We went camping in Yosemite with you. We've been so many great places. Camping In Yosemite's Camping. Oh God. You had no trouble out in Yosemite there. Just love Yosemite. There's no people. No. Yeah. As long as there's nobody there, bro. And there's a couple trees. I'm good. Wait, You guys should do a Central Asia tour, by the way. Whoa. We got kicked outta Yosemite. That's when we realized you couldn't hike.


What did you just say is Central Asia? No, you just said, as long as I'm out there, there's no people in a couple trees. I'm good, Bro. I think you're reaching, I think, I think you're totally reaching. And then you said we should go on an A tour Asia. I said Central Asia. Central Asia. I recently went to Uzbekistan. Incredible place. I saw that you skipped Art Basel. I did. Did you enjoy Uzbekistan? You need to go there, dude, it's, I've been some really beautiful Places. Can you just go, can you go to Uzbekistan? Yeah, absolutely. What's The one you can't go to North Korea. No, no. There's another one. You can go there. Sorry. Hard too. You can go through Beijing and get a special visa. I can go there. Really? We're not gonna do it, but I mean, what?


There's another one. I think it's called Turk Stan. I don't know much about that. There's one you, you can't Go. It was very separate too. It was Stan Uzbekistan's. Amazing, amazing place. I went to Mongolia. Beautiful place. Whoa. Did you get the beef Scon? I, I had the beef for breakfast. It's very good beef for Breakfast. The airport's called Kenga. Kahan Airports in Ula. The, What's your favorite, what's your favorite place besides Schad? That I've been to recently? Yeah. I really loved Doha guitar. Come on. Beautiful place. Amazing. Amazing, amazing place. Mm, Super clean. Every, every restaurant. Everything you can imagine. It also just Feels like one big museum. Like the, the buildings are like works of arts. Where's second place? I, I really love Uzbekistan.


Incredible place. Whoa. Really? There's a, a city there called summer K, which is this like, say it again. Samar. K. The capitalist ash. Just The third time. Samar K Okay. And there's another one called, We might get demonetized for that First. For that first. Honestly, honestly, honestly, just Google them. These cities are beautiful, incredible places. Work Out. I went to Mongolia. Amazing place. Went to the Mongolian outskirts, exceptional places. Honestly, I'm, I, I feel really grateful to see these incredible places because of my job. Otherwise I wouldn't. It's incredible. You have a pretty good job and a pretty good life. I'm Proud and pretty good smile and face. Yeah. You're just overall that's what I'm saying. You're, I you're the ideal man.


I'm not, you totally are. Really appreciate the love. You guys are the ideal men. No, No way. Well, I'm sorry. Look At you. Did you have beautiful wife and kids? You're you doing all these amazing things, Mike, you have beautiful girlfriend. You have this beautiful home. You guys have, I mean, I've, I've honestly, I'm, I'm so lucky to have watched you guys go from not this life at all. So it's really, it's, you guys are blessed. I appreciate that. Yeah. You make a good point. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, no, that's for Sure. Yeah. We appreciate you. Thank you, duke. Congrats on everything. I'm so proud of you as a friend and it's, it's, it's, it's been so fun to watch you grow. Thank you. I'm excited to see you keep innovating and keep speaking to the 1%, the 0.0001% of the Population and aspiring 99.9.


Yep. Exactly. Yep. Yep. Including Me. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Doug Guy. Thank you for listening to this episode of IMPAULSIVE. If you are in that 1%, you're watching this episode, don't forget drink prime and eat lunch. Lee, if you're hungry, I love Ly. It's fantastic. And bye p be if you can afford it, hit that subscribe button guys. We'll see you next time. Thank you guys.