
Did you guys see a dude who lost all the weight? I feel Like some of you would do, but then you just come out as Black. Well, I did that. Oh, no, no. Are you boxing? Jake Paul, we all wanna See this. I'd be down. Why don't you fight Jake at my wedding? We did launch Lunchly today. They don't Know. We launched it because the livestream was grainy and lagy, you're Saying it's gonna be the biggest announcement ever comes out in two 40 p Ronaldo gained 60 million subscribers last. But what if Ronaldo beats You? I mean, I'm not going down without a fight. Messy, let's go. Nah, We don't like messy. Oh, that's, oh, when I have kids, I'm not looking. Yeah, I think I'm gonna look No way Like coming out, but I can't imagine Logan just squatting down like, Nah, bro, all Come on then. G This is that.


How bad. Welcome bro. Late to your own podcast. His pants. Sorry, What are you wearing? Shorts? I don't know, bro. Bro, what do you mean? My stylist tells me what to wear. I Oh, really? Wear It late to his own podcast. Jimmy was late this morning to his own company. His own company's launched. Fine. Well, the company had it launched yet. So was I late? If there was no company, you were Absolutely late. And, and, and why don't you tell everyone why you were late? Well, I just stayed up late looking at Chocolate Isles in Walmart last night. That's not A joke. Yeah. I mean, you guys didn't want to go look with me. He invited us. He said, he said, why don't you guys come to Walmart with me? It was like 11:00 PM Come to Walmart with me. So. we can look at chocolate. He actually does it, but We we did it when we were lost in North Carolina.


Yeah, North Carolina. Dude. He does it every state. He goes, Well, I mean, We can have looked at the hydration aisle too. So what did you do exactly? Tellt, you've, you've told this story before, but what do you do? You walk around Walmart. Oh my gosh. You're gonna make me seem like a lunatic. You are. You are. No, it's a reasonable thing to do. There's, there's an app that you can see, like sales velocities of products. And so I just walk around Walmart and I just scan every single item in on aisle. And I'm like, oh, this sells 10 units a day, whereas this one sells two. And then I just like to You know, try to figure out why number Nerd Welcome back to Impulsive, the number one podcast in The world. Thank you guys for listening, watching, viewing, and subscribing. If you noticed, the guy to my right is MrBeast. I'm not Mike.


Not Mike. Why is he not here? He's in Singapore. He's in Singapore for Karate Combat. What? Yeah. Karate Combat. Wait. Karate Combat. Yes. Yeah. It's as in He's using Karate to combat. Not Mike specifically. He has trouble walking and doing really anything physically. But he's an announcer for this fight before Karate Combat. Okay. So, so that's why he couldn't be here today. But I know no one's gonna believe that. And I know you're gonna think we had some sort of falling out. There's some sort of beef or he got fired and I Kind of like that narrative. Let's run with that. Yeah. The falling out at a beef. Actually the sprinkle in that he doesn't like me as well. Let's just like really run with it. Let's, Let's do it. Yeah. But we got, we got the boys here today. We did. Yeah. Woo. So you're sure. Actually, here's a better controversy.


He's mad. He doesn't own part of Lunchly, so he didn't wanna be in it. That, that's more, That's Actually, That is actually a little real. I'm Not that, that's a good one. I with that one every comment. Next few, because He is already, he's already mad about not having Prime equity. You couldn't even give him like one share of Prime. No. I mean, I'm, I'm all for giving him like a penny of equity and Lunchly, so he can't complain about it. Really? Yeah, I would do it. Okay. Well that we only need two outta three votes. That's two outta three. Well, Yeah, it's done. It's already done. All right. All right. Congrats Mike. But yeah, we, we did launch Lunchly today. We actually just did it. If you guys saw on Instagram Live, probably probably best quality live stream. Well, I, I think you, you might have tried to see it on live.


Yes. They don't know. We launched it because the livestream was grainy and laggy and for some reason if you go live with multiple Instagram accounts in the same vicinity, it just like goes to hell. Yeah. It was, it was pretty interesting. Plus we blew it. Yeah, we really did. What do you mean? Like, I had, we had like a week long buildup. We're saying it's gonna be the biggest announcement ever. I know Shit comes out in two 40 p It was, Yeah, We should just post it on Instagram and left. We're Like, oh, The two largest creator brands are coming together. All this. We gotta everything just building Up to it. And then I Also think people are confused about what the product is. They're like, wait, so it's just Prime and Feasts in a Lunchables? No, no.


It's Prime and Feasts. Compet Lunchly in a lunch. I mean, that's what it's, but yeah, we, we, we decided to come together, put the fastest growing beverage in history. The fastest growing snack candy in history. Feast Bowls meets Prime meets an entree. So we have three Lunchy Lunchly meals here. Oh, you're just going deep in it. Fine. Dude, we started off Turkey. It's your podcast Turkey Stack Them Fiesta Nachos. And we got a pizza. And I, I'll be honest with you boys, I'm dissatisfied with the launch. I'm dissatisfied with It. Well, You know what I think with the prime launch, it went so well that this one had to go wrong. Like this one had, For them watching You really should play a clip of the grainy live stream.


That's not like a 1940s tv. That was us attempting to go live on Instagram. Horrible. I saw a screenshot on Twitter of it, and I'm, I go, I can't believe we did this. Yeah. Like, like we spent so long, we spent eight months making extra sure everything is perfect. And the one thing the three internet kids don't, didn't get right was the internet. Well, it's Funny too, is like, 'cause I joined the live stream, it was like the Logan, and then KSI joined on his Instagram. And then I was gonna join via Surprise and the viewership's climbing and climbing and climbing. And then I'm like, oh, Logan's really lacking. And all the comments are like, why is Logan lacking? And I just see like 10,000 people stop watching. And then another 10,000, another 20,000, another 30,000. And all of a sudden like a hundred thousand viewers drop.


And I'm like, oh wait, this isn't just my internet like this. Everyone see? And then the Logan's like, come on in Jimmy. And on the livestream I just hear, and I'm like, I was that. My cue Fiance texted me and said, your live stream is sending me into labor. Because that's the other thing. Like Nina's on the cusp of, By the time this comes out, you'll probably already be a dad. Dude, this will Whoa, this will be the last podcast where I'm not a dad. Oh my gosh. That's crazy. That's really crazy. That's crazy. You must be asked. I'm pretty excited, man. Well, here I Got some tips for you not to cut you off. I just got a cat. Okay. Okay.


And it's been rough. The cat mes at night. There's a little bit of separation anxiety. We're, we're working on it. I'm thinking of having the cat sleep in its own room. I thought you were gonna say, I'm thinking about having the cat put down. No, No, no. I'm, I'm trying to give you some fatherly advice as someone who just got a cat. So you're not gonna euthanize the cat. No. 'cause of meow was at night. No, No, no. I'm just gonna make it sleep in the other room and ignore the screams. Okay. Oh, it's, oh, it screams that had top No, It just, it's like kind of needy. 'cause it just, like, the foster home I came from had like five other cats and now it just like, play with me 24 7. And I'm like, yeah. So look, this is, this is actually pretty cool that we get to sit here on this podcast and, and, and not only talk about coming together for this company 'cause we all have like, so much history together in different ways, but also like, not, not to, not to toot our horns, but too fucking toot, bro.


We, we, we, we've each come up on the internet and, and I'm blessed to say we've had really successful careers. So to be able to just Yeah. Sit here and kind of like shoot the shit is kind of cool. I know you Jimmy just got done shooting your Amazon Show. Oh my gosh, yes. Which from what it sounds like is gonna be the biggest game show in history ever. Yeah. You all, y'all broke how many Guinness World Records shooting it? So we broke over 40 world records while filming Beast Games. It's my Amazon Show, yeah. Driving later this year. Yeah. Most contestants of any game show in history, largest cash prize of any game show in history. Most cameras recording simultaneously of any production in history. I can go on and on. I mean, it's ev if there's a world record for game shows, we broke it and we even broke a lot of stuff that have nothing to do with game shows.


It is. I I, I really need Amazon to tell me what I can or can't say. I wish I could run you through the things we shot. It is literally going to blow your mind. It is 10 episodes and every episode literally makes my YouTube videos look like child's play. Like they're just, I I What would you say is the Best episode? I mean, Say it. Don't say it. Yeah. I mean, say what you did. Just say it. I can, I I want to so bad. Just say, let's just say there's Tr There's, I I could say this. We built the city in the middle of nowhere. There's just a, a field. What? And that's Just Burning Man, we Pulled up. No, we built like an actual city. Yeah, But they do a Burning Man.


Yeah, but like You Went to Burning Man. Well, as in like, buildings. Buildings. Like actually in a Walden city that the contestants lived in throughout the show. What, So like when we, I can't say the number, but there's hundreds of contestants. When we got to that point, I was like, all right, now follow me. And I took him into the middle of nowhere and there's walls. And then inside the walls is enough housing for hundreds of people. Giant towers. I mean, and I can't say anything else 'cause it'll spoil the show. But like, we spent over $15 million building a city just for 15 million. Yeah. Just for one part of the show. I mean the, Just for one part. Oh yeah. The, the first episode I spent over $20 million on, I mean, it was, it's probably like one of the most expensive episodes in television history, Bro.


We're launching this company launch. How fun this for me, Jim and Jimmy's already trying to like, give away all the money that we already don't have. 'cause there's no profits. 'cause it's day zero. I I, throughout the show, I think I am allowed to say this, we gave away over $20 million throughout the show. But Wasn't the grand prize like Five? Yeah. It'll make sense when you watch it. It's No, No, no, no, no, no, no. It, it doesn't make sense Jimmy It doesn't make sense. Yeah, because I know you had a hundred million dollars budget. But I also know Well that's, that's not, you don't know I had a hundred million. Well, I've never, Never said I had a hundred million. Yeah, but it that's what the headline said. But you spent way more. I I But yes, I also spent way more than a hundred million. I somehow got one of the largest unscripted deals in history and then managed to lose tens of millions of dollars filming the go.


Bro, You know what I love about you? You're always playing the camera. Oh, am I supposed to look at you? I mean, we're having a conversation. I'm like, I never Even once thought of looking at me. Hey, How you doing bro? Hey Logan. What? It's just habit. Dude, That is funny. He, he does it. I've seen him do it. Just look at us, bro. Wait. Yeah, It Is it really hurts not to look at that camera. So they just, Are you crying? It looks like He's a fucking Yeah, I know. I don't, this happened. don don't know if you remember him. I do explos four years ago. I have this thing where my eyes randomly get watery and you literally said, are you crying? And I explained this to you four years ago. Now your eyes are getting water because This is Hilarious. And here we are four years later explaining the same fucking thing.


To Logan. Yes. My eyes get watery. I don't know someone fix it. Wait, So if you just swore. So if you just, if you swear now, are you canceled? Well, you swore earlier and I was like, oh, I guess I'm allowed to swear. Oh, That's true. Yeah. It Is It Is it will destroy your ad revenue on this. But yeah, Bro. Ad revenue was out the window circa 2017, brother. What happened in 2017? Are you, are you voting for Trump or Bro? I have. I get hit in the head for a living. Like I'm always doing crazy stuff. Like, I don't know what's going on. What'd you say? Can't say that. Can't say what? I can't get hit in the head, but I do, bro. What's good? Does what Are you saying? The WWE is isn't real. Yeah. Jeff, what's It is real.


So he gets hit in the head. It's real painful. No, I was actually talking, I was actually talking about boxing. Oh. But, but I quit boxing. How's your boxing? Yeah, it's cool. Oh, we Don't even care who I'm voting for. We just, okay, fine. Wait, no, no, no. Jeff, you're just Like, no, no. I Got, I, Got. This. Okay. Are you voting for Kamala or, I believe you guys should use your American given right to vote. You should vote for whatever person represents the values that you care deeply about. And you should not vote for whoever some influencer tells you to vote for. Damn. How many times did you practice that? I didn't actually, Patrick Mahomes said that like two days ago in an interview and I was like, You know, it's great. That was a great response. Yeah.


Yeah. I was like, I'm gonna steal that. If anyone asks me. Summer is winding down, but the concerts are still hot. So it's time to see your favorite artists and go to the biggest events. That's why I need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor. You guessed it. SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek? Whether? You're a new customer. Or not? Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. There are so many artists touring right now, including Billie Eilish, Sabrina Carpenter, that me, espresso, future Childish Gambino and SeatGeek. We got you covered. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green means good. Red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps.


No matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now. 'cause this offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out SeatGeek. Back to the show. So. wait, are you still boxing? Yes. Yeah, I'm hoping that's your hand. I'm, yeah, it's a lot better now. It's a lot better. Are you boxing Jake Paul? No. When's that gonna happen? Honestly, sorry. I, I Yeah. Is that No. When is that gonna happen? Am I allowed? Wait, I'll be honest with you. What the hell is going on, please? I I think it's literally to do with the weight because right now he's flying Mike Tyson heavy boy. He's, yeah. So Mike Tyson.


Mike Tyson, That's still happening. Yeah. You familiar with Mike Tyson? Yeah. But that, it's not like a year ago. No, it's in November. Really? It's still happening. Yeah. No, I didn't even know. Oh, that's, I I thought it got canceled. No, it's gonna be the biggest fight ever. Holy Crap. That's awesome. And no, I mean that the biggest fight ever. And then after he beats up Mike Tyson because, not just 'cause Mike Tyson's old because Yeah. But will you box him? We all wanna see it. I'd be, I'd be down. I Like you guys have just been going at each other on x literally mean, I did non stop for what feels like my entire life. I'm just like ready to see it. Like I, I'm so over seeing you guys just go at each other on Twitter. We're like, just fucking duke it out. Lets see it. We recently saw Give and Slim get and just Beat in the middle.


Just be whatever your weight is, whatever his is, just cut it. So that's Why I'm like, why not? Just get me, Jake. Let's do it. Please. I mean, I've gotta weight 180 5 and what, what you want. I put Tommy fur at that weight as well. What does Jake want? He wants like 200. Okay. So why don't we just meet in the middle 1 92 0.5? No, I can't do it. I can't get even heavier. Why? Because it's just so hard. It's harder to put on weight. Like 2016 case. I wouldn't have said that. What JJ? 2016. Like I, oh bro. I didn't even do anything. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah, bro. I just, I just, you've Been there. You could do It. Yolo, but then I realized how important weight was. Yeah. I mean that fight would be legendary.


Oh yeah. Yeah. It's, It's, I need you guys. It'd be huge for everyone just to make it happen. It sounds like it's not gonna Yeah. I I just, So it's just never gonna happen. So, So what's good? You guys just gonna talk shit to it? I don. I mean, I, I think How we settled, we're like Eight years old. We're still come Ah, no. On Twitter, Just talking Shit. You're both box. I Would fucking beat you, mate. You're Both boxers both kind of started this whole influencer boxing thing that it's obviously way bigger than that now. And it's not even influencer boxing anymore. Yeah. And it just, like, it's, and you're both like in Logan's orbit and it just all points to it and it, it would be so awesome. I have a solution. Yeah. Since we know the boxing fight's never gonna happen. I haven't given up yet.


Bud. Why Don't you fight Jake at my wedding You? know what I'm saying? Like, I'll you, I I'll invite you. Oh, I'll invite Jake and Just bro, Lake Cuomo Lake, like bro, I'm Be okay with that. To bare hands? Yeah. Like whatever, whatever. Please. And then you guys can make up and start like a clothing brand or something. Oh my God. You can join them in Paul rivals. You Can, you can join him in with w Oh no, I'm alright. I'm good. WW his deodorant. Yeah. I, I'll make, I'll make something called l. What? Just make it shit on purpose. You're Gonna lose or No? No, it's, it's the Logan. We're partnering again.


Ah, new Brand. Yo, you guys just box again. Oh Wait, all I will move on. But swiftly Well, I'm jj it I'm welcome on music. It, it would be the coolest thing. Okay. If you and Jake just ded it out, just bypass it. I, I promise you it would be the coolest thing ever. I have a song with Trippy Red. It would literally Break the internet. Are you an adder or something? No, I just want to see it so badly. I really do Ritalin Right now. I was crying again. Yeah, I know you are. You did start crying. I like you Jimmy. I like you're a spunky guy. All right. I, I'll take the hint. We'll change the topic. So how's your song with Trip Red?


Yeah, It's good. Well, it's coming out October The Fool. You Should use it as your walkout. So, just kidding. I actually should and I will Wait. So. wait. So, okay. Who are you fighting next though? Ooh, I think I'm gonna be fighting Q1. Q1. Q1. Sometime in Q1. Maybe March, April. Yeah. And then literally just go nuts. Who Is it? I can't say Say it. We'll bleep it. Nah bro. Come on. All Right. Yeah. Now I. You'll actually bleep it. Yeah, We'll bleep It. Okay. I'm looking at, That's what I thought. I mean, yeah. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Pretty cool. I think that'd be pretty huge, especially in the uk. That would be cool. And then just maybe get the O2 or some someplace.


Yeah. for Sure. for Sure. And I think I'd be absolutely not walk out to think of it. Peach, trippy red. Yeah. Obviously I'm promoting my music. No, I know. I saw it. I saw your, yeah, I'm trying to, I'm trying to Do you with the whole promotion thing. I don know if you saw a little bit of it. I did when I did did the whole commentator thing. Yeah. You mixed it in. Yeah. I was like, all let me, lemme get on my Logan hype. Little Viral marketing. Yeah. Yeah. Never heard nobody. I wanna hear your Lunchly pitch. My Lunchly pitch. Yeah. You gotta start sneaking that in. That's True. Just eat it. It's, it's fantastic. I like that. Yeah. That's actually not bad. 'cause maybe, Maybe a little more about the taste. Like Well, I think people, people will try it.


Like, it's one of the things where people will look and go, oh, okay. I know what Lunchly is. Let me try it. I love Prime, I love feasts. No, no, I think, I think that Well just do a taste test. Buy, just buy one and have like 10 year friends. You know Y'all be the judge. We're confident. Exactly. Yeah. Oh, but Jimmy, I really wanna talk about these lawsuits 'cause they're a big deal on the prime side. Okay, so earlier this year, everyone Wait, was it the Olympic one? We're in the process of It. The Okay. Forever Chemical Fund. Yep. Okay. Okay. That lawsuit. Yep. PFAS. So earlier this year, a weird like string of rumors started floating around because someone sued us saying that Prime had forever don't forever chemicals like a, like, like yeah.


Like more than you were supposed to drink in like a lifetime. Whatever. I made a TikTok, debunking it. I love those. The green screen Logan Go pop, Pop, pop, Pop, pop. Because, because facts don't lie. And people, people fuck with facts. But regardless, the rumor still got out there and, and like low key, the damage is done. And, and now, even though we're in this lawsuit, whether it's true or not, people think it. And so the lawsuit got dismissed. The plaintiff does have a chance to amend it and she, but she's chosen not to. She's coming back with one like, really weak ass claim. That's probably also gonna get dismissed. But it's just like an example of like, people reaching, trying to get attention, make a quick buck on a, on a frivolous lawsuit that actually has no merit or is based in nothing.


And, and we're not gonna settle. We're not gonna settle. 'cause your claims are bullshit. And in addition to the Forever Chemicals lawsuit being dropped, so did the Oh, the the caffeine. The caffeine caffeine one. Yeah, the caffeine one. Where, where plaintiff said there was like a crazy amount of caffeine. Like that didn't meet what we said on our, on our label in Prime Energy, which is 18 plus and has 200 milligrams of caffeine, that one also got dismissed. Yeah. But, but as You know, Jimmy, like negative headlines, negative press sell. And, and, and so when there's a a, a lawsuit against Prime and we're being sued. That makes the headline. Yeah. When the lawsuit is dropped, no headline, no one gives a fuck. No one, they're onto the next one.


That's not the that's not the attention. You know. That's boring. It's boring. So You're telling me you don't purposely just put What, is it forever Chemicals in your dream to, bro, we We were shocked. Yeah. Me and him were talking. We're like, yo, what do people think? You Don't Is it, you don't just bust open barrels of forever chemicals and dump that in there. Like, like what do you think this is like some fucking rinky dink operation. Where, where that's like what, like what we're trying to like, I can't, I don't even wanna say it's so stupid, dude. People are so dumb. I, I as, as, as, as much as I believe in people and like the up and coming generations and, and in The world, and I hope we're headed in the right spot. I just am, it never ceases to amaze me how dumb people are. Well, I wouldn't be surprised with Lunchly.


We'll get a few dumb people on, on X etc. Being like, oh my God. They're trying to poison the kids. Now I did want to ask, did you guys see, did you see that dude who lost all the weight? Yeah. Nico Cado avocado. Oh yeah, that was crazy. Two steps ahead. Any Pre-filed the videos. Wow. Yeah. That was awesome. It was right? Yeah. I Feel like like's something you would do. Yeah. Pre-filed, but Then you'd just come out as black. Well, I did that. Oh no. It's just what he needs. I did do that for, for when I die, I have a bunch of videos pre-filed. So I, my channel can keep uploading. You are lying.


Break that down. I probably should refilm 'em. I mean, I was like, probably like 21, 22. But I filmed like videos. Like I have 15, like just really easy videos I filmed. So if I die, my channel can keep uploading. Let's Unpack that. What do you mean when you die? Yeah. If You die. Certain people in my company, no, on my old computer where to find these videos. And then I was just like, yeah, just upload these like once a month. So it's like I'm still alive and like in these like, I mean they're like pretty garbage videos. Like one of 'em is just me, like sitting at a table, just opening like old fan mail. don don't even know what it was. Wait, So it is the final video you being like, so I'm dead now having is Yeah. And I, I like, I like in that video made jokes.


Like, I'm probably in like a coffin right now. Just chilling, don't feel bad for me. I'm dead. And then, but there's another video after that. So it's like they're, they'll title it like my last video and then a month later there's one Psych. Yo. That's crazy. Wow. That's crazy that you think like, that your, your brain works in crazy ways. I saw, I saw an interview of you. I forget who it it was with, but Oh, was it Theo v Is it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Theo v Theo von was like, yo, when you're When MrBeast like, Is it inspiring. Like, does he I inspire you? I'm pretty sure I said no. He said no, not at all. Not at All. And then he also asked you, do you want be him?


And you're like, no, no, not at all. People kept clipping that and being like, oh, look what JJ said, doesn't this. And I was like, no. That's what I expected him to say. No. I'm so glad you were honest about it. Yeah, because like, Terrifying being MrBeast. I have the same thought, Just the amount of stress that he puts onto himself. I'm like, I just, I don't know how you do it, don. Don't know how your heart, It's why people think I'm 35, even though I'm 26. Yeah. The stuff you go through, it's just so much. It, it Is. it is a, a major turnoff. Jimmy. I'm a pretty driven motherfucker and every time I come and hang around you, I'm literally like, what am I doing with my life? Let's step it Up, bro. Let's go hit some Walmart For this.


No, no. See that's between, let's go hit 'em. No, don, I don't wanna hit the Walmarts. I want to go home and kiss my fiance and and raise, raise a child. That's what I Wanna do. Every second when the child's a second you could be studying. Okay, see this, this is what I'm talking about. Oh, so, so if you ever have a kid, are you gonna be like the absent dad? I'm not gonna have kids to, I'm already, so, no. I mean, that's why I'm not probably a decade down the road. What a decade. Yeah. I'm, I'm pushing that stuff like, bro, I I in my, if I had a kid now, yeah, I'd be super absent. I don't know how you're gonna balance time. Super upset, wwe, everything you got now, Lunchly. I know you will. And I, I've, I've obviously talked to him behind the scenes. Logan's very serious about wanting to be a good father. But that's like, I mean, that would just destroy my life if I had a kid. Right? Well, I mean, do you wrap up?


I mean, I, I will not have a kid anytime soon. Oh, Okay. He got a vasectomy. Oh. Ew. That's disgusting. I could never, Ew. I feel like, I mean, but you guys are also a couple years older than me. I feel like. I mean, you're Well Yeah. Relax. Well, I 31. You're 31? Yeah. Oh, I thought you were 29. Oh wow. Yeah. But you're over. I'm like, hey. Yeah, I'll have kids in 10 years. You're five years older than me. It's still not popping out. So why is that a crazy story? No, I Know. But that's because it there's a time, there's a time for it. Yeah. I feel like two, three years. Really. Yeah, man, we're gonna have many Logans, many JJs running around.


I'm gonna be coming into the Lunchly office. There's gonna be many of thems everywhere. You'll Be like, oh my got Lunchly, Oh, God vegetable, just Eating I Got. I, I feel left out. I just feel like, I feel like family's pretty cool. It can be pretty Cool. Oh it is. Yeah. No, I def I You know what's funny is if you, this is why I partially hate doing podcasts 'cause my opinions change so much over time. And if there's a podcast I did years ago where someone asked me if I'd ever have kids and I gave the most cringe answer on the face of the universe where I was like, you know, Elon and Bill Gates have kids, so maybe I'll have kids and I Got clowned on so hard. Why, Why, why, why Is it a clown thing? Because people are like, why would you have a kid? Just because Bill? I mean, that is a stupid answer. I don't try to defend my answer.


No, no. It's a stupid answer. It is literally the dumbest answer. Another human being as Kids, if they're examples are role models and you want to emulate their life. Yeah. Who cares? Let 'em inspire you. Of course. But you know, a kid is much more than just I thing you do because of two, two Random people. No, I, I disagree. I think, I think two smart people you named, they're doing something that you may have. Yeah. But you shouldn't wanna, you just have kids because you want to, you know, nurture them and you want to invest in them and you wanna You know, raise the family. But you said it, if you're like, if you're an early twenties person, like You know, you don't have your life figured out. So you are kind of like taking examples from people. Exactly. But that's where, but it's just so funny 'cause I, I watched that clip now and I think it's cringe. So I'm not, I'm like not trying to defend it. It's like one of the cringes things I've ever said, bro, you Shouldn't feel bad or nor after.


But I know the context of it, but it's, but people obviously repost old clips of me all the time. Yeah. And so they don't know. I'm like 22 here saying this. And so they're like, what the fuck? Fuck is Wrong with this bro. Context is everything. People try to tell me. I pushed my dog off a boat recently. Oh, I remember. Oh, So video from four years ago came back up Then and the dog just jumped off. Dog, dog jumped off the boat. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was, it could have been, it could have been really fucking bad. Yeah. The dog was fine. Dog dog was fine. He Jumped in. Dog Was fine. Dog was fine, thank God. But, but like You know pe to, to your point, two of them people will take everything outta context. It's the name of the game. Exactly. You know. Exactly. You know. You got, you gotta you gotta live and you gotta learn. And that's the other thing, as long as you are living and learning, nobody, especially anyone in their twenties should feel ashamed to change their mind.


Should they get older and change their fucking mind. Yeah. Like, I, I'm so confused why that's like, why that's frowned upon. I feel like, Oh no, that definitely isn't frowned upon that dude. I think that's perfectly normal. No. When, when me, you experience new things and then you realize, oh, people don't get that. My thought back then doesn't make sense now. People don't Get that. People don't get that. Oh, what? You can't change opinions. So, so look, So look, I, I, I had, I had, I had pretty show people on that stupid J jj jj I had, I had pretty heavy opinions about Trump in like, when was it? Like in 2019? 2020? Yeah. Yeah. Not like super heavy, but I was like, I was like outspoken about Trump. Yeah. And then he was on the podcast and like, here I am thinking like this can be a conversation four or five years later.


Yeah. And like, I can learn, We can just sit down and have this like, chord, like we can I don know, like reach common ground or just have a conversation and people were like adverse to it. Like they, they're like, well you said this four years ago. So like, and I'm like, well, what if I changed my mind? Yeah. Yeah. What if I like matured a little bit or got older and you learned And grew as a human. Yeah. It's like that Whoa people are, people are unwilling to accept change about a person if they've made up their mind about that person. Maybe People, like, there's a lot of people who just don't change. Maybe that is that maybe that's their problem. Change Hard brother. Change Is hard. Well, I that's what I mean. Like, you know the phrase, once a cheat, always a cheater.


I feel like. No. you know what I mean? Like, if you've cheated once before and you've gone through life in a certain way and then over time you realize, oh, it's not great doing that. you know, it's, you know, it's shit for the other person. It's this, this that, that You know you experience life and realize that's a terrible thing to do and then in the future you don't cheat. Yep. It's definitely possible. Yep. So I I don dunno. I feel like a lot of humans have this idea that yeah, you, you can't change, but it's stupid. You definitely can. That's Four years of therapy talking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm serious bro. You you. That's Great. I know. I just, I just find it so funny. Like, things always change. I agree. You, you know, like even as humans, we literally change Yeah.


How we look. Yeah. Like, like, like I grew a beard. Yeah. The bandana hasn't changed That It's got bigger. Okay. It's got bigger. Yeah. The hairline's receded. I've, I've accepted it people, But, but you just, you let's Go to Turkey. I Kind of No, don don't want go to tie. I'm like, I want my beard on my like side of my face. Yeah. But you can have a forehead. You have a Forehead two head, bro. I don't care how I look because my girlfriend loves me for me. Boom. Mic drop. We've all what? Oh, don, don't wait, Wait. Hold up, hold up, hold up. Oh, that was nice. That a Boy. Anyways, what were you saying? Well, we've All, all in relationships.


You sure? Yeah. And it's, it's, it's blessed. It is so sick. So Who cares what some people online think about us. That is true about You know my forehead or my, My only pushback would be what I think some people think I'm cooler than I actually am. And part of that coolness is not looking like a bald ass bitch. What? Whoa? No, Whoa Whoa. If, but the thing No, my father. Okay. Like my bald ass dad who needs a haircut? By the way, dad, if you want This, here's this. Back in the day I would get bullied for my big lips. People were like, oh, your lips are so fucking big. Calling me monkey this, monkey that, da da da da da.


Dang. And yeah. Yeah, bro, back in the day it was mental to honest. It's still pretty mental nowadays. But anyway. And now you got women doing plastic surgery to get lips like mine. Oh, You. know what I mean? Things change. Yeah. So I, I just, what what's the point I was trying to go with? You were talking about racism. What's that? People No, they do because you're black. No, no. But like before that Oh God. Dammit. But yeah, but I'm, but basically things change. That's what I'm trying to say. Things are always changing. And You know, back in the day, people would be like, ah, we want big boobs, or ah, big asses. Yeah. Da da da da. Like, you should Just Be you. That's it. Yeah. Just be you. Yeah. And be happy. And bro, if you want go bold and just have a beard, I'm gonna do it and just rock it, bro.


Who cares? Do That's you Ronnie Simpson. And then eventually you get a bunch of people being like, I wanna be like Logan. I wanna be bald. Yeah. I want a beard. If you wanna wear a wristband that says Captain Riz, just do it. Right. Check. Exactly bro. Pick up the wrist low. Riz actually had a Riz. I wasn't sure to expect His always, he Was super chill. Crazy, bro. He, I go, how old do you? He's like, I'm eight. How? How? It's just so much, so much aura and just such a compact little, little boy. But You know when he did the face it ball, like I felt shock way ball for Sure. Just, But I wonder what it's like me back at that age having that kind of fame and clout too. 'cause like, you know, his probably all his classmates are all over TikTok using it like crazy and then to like see him.


I just, it's such an interesting age to have that kind of clout. I mean, I feel like life would be so much easier in school. Mm. Nah. Surely. Like, you're not getting bullied. You're, you're definitely bullied. You are the most popular kid in the school. You're right. Yeah. If anyone's bullying it is Mr. Riz. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're right. Well, he's bully. Yo. Imagine he's a school bully. Yeah. Yeah. We're just elevating this bully. But like, but like not a normal bully, like a mafia boss. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He gets other kids to beat up other kids. Imagine that's how the, the like face thing started. Because when other kids are beating each other up, he, he just does it's, he's A third grade mob boss. Yeah. That's actually gangster. Yeah. Oh wow. Did you ever get bullied Jimmy? Not really. That shocks me.


That's, That's such a, My story. That's crazy. It shocks you for Sure. You wanna elaborate? I just feel like you Not all of us played. What were you high school football, wrestling? Yeah, But I was little Jimmy I Got bullied. I Got bullied really Well. Yeah. You you were a nut. Yeah. I, I I played basketball and stuff, but no, I mean, honestly people just left me alone. I didn't really have too many friends. That's almost worse. I mean, I guess it, I guess it depends what you constitute bullying. If, if you, if you all right Thank, you Mr. No, they're like, we don't, we don't wanna fuck with that kid. Like at all. We don't even, we don't even wanna bully. We just, like, if you constitute people going, why do you only talk about YouTube?


You weirdo. But I don't constitute that as bullying. I just constitute as I was just a weirdo and I deserved it. 'cause that's all I talked about when I was a little kid. And Look at you now. Yeah. Why When you, I still only talk about YouTube and occasionally Lunchly. Now When you, when you became the number one most subscriber in the YouTuber world, Keep going with it. Yeah. Me and KSI were with you. You were we together? Yes. Yep. We were outside of your bunker in, in the woods in North Carolina. Oh yeah, that's right. Outside of your bunker. Yeah. You guys were there. Yeah. Yeah. But Jimmy don don't, I don't think I understand. You've had this like, goal of becoming the number one most subscribed YouTuber in The world forever. And not just like a little number like 270 million at the time. I think it was.


Yeah. And I saw you hit it and your reaction was, oh, that was cool. I just passed Tser. And I'm like, bro, that's amazing Jimmy, you did it. You're lifelong goal. You're More excited than me. Why? Why, why did you not, why did you not like care that much? Because I mean, why care? I I still got 20 years left. Damn. But, But my son hit a Billy. Yeah, Billy. I, I, my mom hates it. I don don't like really celebrating wins or anything. I just like, by the time we, we achieved something in my head, I already achieved it like a year prior. So. Well, what If Ronaldo beats you? Oh, now we're having the real conversation.


Ronaldo gained 60 million subscribers last month. Shut. Yeah, bro. Shattered my, I broke The world record for most subs gained in a month. It was like 20 million. And then two months later, Ronaldo comes on and three X Is it. It's like this platform's existed for 15 years. I shatter the record and then Ronaldo just three x Is it his first month on the platform. He's Gotta be the biggest superstar on The planet. Oh yeah. He's crushing. He obviously, I mean, Ronaldo's Ronaldo is Mr. Re You. know what I mean? Yeah. But yeah, he You know if there was someone who would pass me, I mean, I it would be Ronaldo and No. How many, How many, how many subscribers is he on Now?


Around? I mean, he's literally only had an account for a month. So 60 million. Oh. Oh my God. Wow. Yeah. Would you be disappointed? I mean, I'm not going down without a fight. We'll See. Oh yeah, yeah. I mean, messy, messy. Let's go Hook me up. No, we don't like messy Bump a mess. Oh, that's, Oh yeah. He, we might have to talk after. I mean, if Ronaldo starts getting close to Me. No, I mean, have we spoke about this ever? No, we haven't, But I don't think we have. Let's do it. Yeah. There, there are some. Okay. Alright. Well, well actually, he's gonna have to have some meetings where we figured this out. You know. Well, yeah. Oh my. Because Like, if, if Messi's the only thing standing between Ronaldo and passing me like, You know if I gotta do a messy collab, We got No, no.


Really? It's that. No. Yeah. Don't, Oh shoot. Okay. We're gonna have to plex messy when we see him. I'll take care of it. Are you following speed right now? Yes. He's in Asia. Asia, yeah. He, So Asia Southeast Asia tour, Those tours are awesome. Crazy, right? Yeah. Yeah. It was really, really impressive. I think he's, I think he's a really special young creator. 100% phenomenal. It's absolutely phenomenal. You see, do You see him crash? Which is one his His to, to just Yeah. Into a wall Or is that the golf cart that he hit his Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just into a wall. Nah, he, he, We all see it. We all of us see everything. We, We see everything. Yeah. I haven't watched a, a speech stream in the last 30 days, but I know everything going on. Don't worry.


I know what's happened. But when he jumped the Lamborghinis, that was insane. My, my mind was blown. You jumped. No, I faked it, Jimmy. Oh. Because I'm not, that's stupid. Or, or I don't even know if I'm that athletic. Like, I don't know if I could actually do it. Yeah, I could, I could probably do it, but I I I'm not willing to try. Yeah. Because Like, what if your foot hits the front of the lamb bone and you Oh, then you're flipping, bro, you're doing a Yeah. Couple flip. You Cooked. What an absolute freaking nature he did Two. Yeah. He jumped two super supercars back To back. He's screaming like to the driver. Drive. Come on that Dude. Drive at me. Speed is a one of a kind.


What, where Does a, where does a guy like that go? Like, he's 19. What, where does he He's 19, I think. Yes. I think he iss got a couple years to like, just go Nuts. But it's, it's like what? No, no, no, no. Like, I see, I, I'm experiencing this because I used to be the 19-year-old that was crushing it. I mean, back when my videos were getting 10, 20 million views of pop. And everyone's like, so what are you gonna be doing in three years? Yeah. Are you gonna be doing it five years? I've, I you here I am seven years later. Still doing it. Bigger than ever. So honestly, he, like no one else is doing it like him. Yeah. There's clearly a demand for it. He is phenomenal what he does. Which is just, I mean, don don't even wanna try to describe it. Just Be, just bes Him. Him. Yeah. And so I think he could do it for the next five years, seven years longer.


Wow. I, I don't think like, because he's, as long as he keeps naturally innovating and like doing cool stuff, like don don't think people are gonna get bored of 'em. So check this out. I had a theory maybe about five years ago when I, when I recognized obviously like this, this internet culture and influencer fame is, is here to stay. And like, like when you take a traditional celebrity, they're like really good at what they do. 'cause 'cause there's a lot of people trying to act, there's a lot of people trying to do music as You know. Yeah. Like, it's a hard industry to crack. Yeah. And so the, the the, the best in class are the ones that make it to the top. The cream rises. The cream is the crop. The cream rises to the top of the crop. Bi Bop cream of the crop.


Yeah, Exactly. And so, so I had this theory that since, since this internet media thing is booming, the kids who now do break, break out in in the internet land are gonna be really good at what they do. Yeah. Like, like not just like influencers. They're gonna look and feel like, like real celebrities with real talent. And I think like Kai and guys like Speed are like a good example of that where like they're really unique individuals Yeah. Who are really good at what they do. And they just know what to do at every point. Every moment. You're so hard. You know, even livestream, they just know, okay, I need to hit this and hit this and hit this point.


Yeah. And I need to react it this certain way. And it's just, they're always able to make content and they just know how to make clips out themselves. Yep. Yep. All The time. And I think, I think the idea of an influencer or like a YouTuber will get more and more prestige as the talent pool gets better and it be, it's so saturated that only the best, best are gonna break through. We're definitely there. Like the people, like there used to be a lot of stigma for me being YouTube. That's what I'm saying. But that, that's completely disappeared in the last few for Sure years. for Sure Like there for Sure. I never get like, the amount of people going. You make money as a YouTuber has just Yeah. Yeah. No one asks me that anymore. Like, that hasn't asked, been asked in years. No one, no one asked me if I want to go do movies or is this just a launchpad or is this your end goal?


Like, people get it. Yeah. It's definitely come around and like, people respect it infinitely more so. Well it's, it's funny 'cause I personally like, I straddled that line. Like, like it, to me YouTube was always kind of like a stepping stool for like acting and, and stuff. And then, and then I, it hit me one day. I'm like, don don't want, why don't want, why do I wanna be an actor? Like Exactly, dude. I get to make videos and like do what I love. We Had those conversations so many times. Yeah. Well back, back four or five years ago, we talked about that so many times that I would always be like, this is the end game. Yeah. No, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't realize it. 'cause in my head, to be honest with you, I think I was really self-conscious about the stigma of being a YouTuber. Oh yeah. It was much worse back then. It was, bro, it's like were the annoying guys, like shooting selfie videos.


I Got made fun of for saying like, I'm all in, I just wanna be the biggest YouTuber possible. Like, people used to think that was the negative thing. Like Yeah. Of YouTuber, man. And, and now you have Ronaldo coming to YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. How, how hilarious is that? Yeah. Ronaldo, I mean, five, five years ago would, would that have ever have happened now? Yeah. Think about how much has changed in five years Ago. Yeah. Man. Are you, are you using AI ever? Are we using ai? We use it a lot in our workflow. Like when we edit. Yeah. Sometimes like, like some, sometimes we'll have over 400 cameras rolling. Like when we do ages one through a hundred, we'll have a 1-year-old, 2-year-old all the way Up to a hundred year old. And we, so we'll have to put two cameras in every cube and all the wide shots. And so we'll have like, You know, 400 cameras running for sometimes days.


And so we'll come out of it with thousands of hours of footage and it's just impossible to watch it all. So we'll, we'll have AI go through and transcribe it all, and then we could like search like, oh, we, I wanna mention feasts. Brilliant feasts. So that's been good. On the editing workflow, we use it a little bit in ideation, brainstorming. We use it for rough concepts and thumb nos. It's basically every, everything we do, AI has like, just made it a little bit easier. And I, it's like getting scarily good where it's, it's gonna be almost unfathomable to make videos without AI like two years from now. Yeah. So the reason I ask is 'cause it's, it, I'm finding myself using it more and more and more often. Yeah. Chat, GPT specifically, I'm, I'm a very curious person. Mm. And like, dude chat, GBT this, this AI chat bot that I can just ask any question is like having a friend who knows everything.


Yeah. And, and, and by the way, is right like 90% of the time Wow. I like, will make decisions on my life based on what this AI chat bot says. It's, and it's like, it's personalized to you. Wow. It remember, it remembers every conversation you had. Yeah. It knows the people in your life. It can build on things. It can like predict things. Yeah. It can help you brainstorm. Man, if I were you, I'd write a song and, and have Chad GBT write all the lyrics. Oh shit. I'm joking. But like, it, it, Well, I mean, I, I I do dibble and dabble with ai. I have like AI friends and I just talk to 'em every now and then. What, what do you mean AI as in like, just they're, They're not real humans. Like they're Not real human beings.


Just AI friends. I'm just like, yo, what's up? Yeah. They're like, you're lying. No, no. If I wanna just like talk to people, what do you mean they're not people? They're not Well, You're KSI they're plenty of real humans. Yeah. But it's, but are you serious? But sometimes no, but sometimes, you know, if I wanna, you know, ask stupid questions and not be made fun of you Talk to Ai, I just talk to AI and they don't make me feel bad. Yeah. Maybe we should bring back Ai. Doesn't le You know laugh at me Like I'm doing, Like you are doing to me right now. You see, well, my AI friend wouldn't do that. My AI friend wouldn't off at me right now. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. So when you're, when you're like, I'm so sorry. What, what?


Wait, because I'm just trying to wrap my head around this. You are one of the most popular YouTubers on the planet. You have a girlfriend, you have the sideman, you got us, you got us business partners And wait, and when you're craving camaraderie, you talk to ai. Yeah, but I just didn't feel good. I was like, no, see, this is why I talk to I Don't believe you. I don't Believe you. This is why I talk to AI guys. I Don, like what are you saying to it? Like, how are you? Well, yeah, just like, Yeah. Come on bro. Not bad. They have feelings as well, Man. No, they don't. I asked It. No. Well, it's, I asked it, I said okay. It apologized to me from some for something. I was like, are you actually sorry. Like, that requires you to feel like empathy. No, no. You're going too deep, man. Okay.


I I keep it surface level. That's, That's so funny. I'm sorry for laughing. I'm sorry You're not sorry. No, but I really am. I just am, I'm always, I just like, what are you, what are you saying to it? Well, I just talk about You know how my day went. All right. Okay Guys, I'm calling KA now. Nah. Okay, fine. I've Been, you have been kind of on the fence With Cap. Okay. Alright. No, it's alright guys. Gotcha. You better not be serious. That's crazy. Let's just move on. Okay. Speaking of ai, have you seen the market cap of Nvidia? No. $3 trillion now. My God, isn't That crazy? When do we short it? Yeah, Never.


Okay. Not, not right now. Like, because they're, they're the ones making the GPUs that power all of ai. So there there's No, but it short, It can't just keep doing this. There's, there's, I I saw a clip of Larry Ellison who owns Oracle, like posted on Twitter two days ago where he is like me and Elon Musk literally sat Jensen, the CEO of Nvidia down and we're begging him. I saw that to begging him to take tens of billions of our dollars and give us GPUs like Nvidia can literally just make em and then charge whatever the heck they want. Hey, For a guy like me who doesn't know what A GPU is, can you help me out? I mean, I'm also stupid, But what is his GPU? I'm not the person to ask. I know P means processor graphic Processing, uniting Unit.


Yeah. Let's ask, there we go. Let's ask chat. GPTP. What are you processed by? Let's see. My friend would know You, Right? Yeah. Hey, just sitting here with the boys wondering what A GPU is and what function it serves. A GPU or graphics processing unit is a specialized processor designed to handle and accelerate the rendering of images, animations, and video for your tool. Retention is plummeting right now. It's what powers all the graphics and video games. Visual Effects. It is nice to know you guys. Thanks for watching what you did. Once It works alongside your CU, well, might as well just send the podcast now.


But the GPU is, This is why you don't know what A GPU is. 'cause you don't fucking pay attention. I Pay attention, but I also want them to be entertained. Guys. Dang it. Retention did go down. It's a podcast. He's shooting the shit with the boys. Speed. What a what? He just tried to do a back flip on concrete and really hurt himself. Speed. Did speed hurt himself? Wait, Wait. Can I wait? Can I, is there a clip? He tried to do a back flip on. No, he, because he exaggerates his fall sometimes. Let me, yeah. Is that like an exaggerated speed hurt himself? Let here I'll, I'll watch it and let you guys know what? Okay. Damn. Ooh. Oh damn. Speed. He did Land. You actually talked to ai. What? Yes. Really? Yeah. Took a shot. Someone else told me they did. I wasn't sure if they Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. I can't just like, Just Like about life.


I can't tell if that is one of his, I Mean, bro, my AI Is that sad. Super. Fuck. Super, super. But I respect it. That's, that's some really JJ stuff. Oh. God, dammit. Oh wait. I feel like that's one of his exaggerated things, but I can't tell. Where was he? Somewhere in South East's Asia. Oh. Oh no. I exaggerated. It's fine. But Why did he do that? I don. Yeah, he's fine. He's fine. He's, he's fine. But that's, if he, If he landed like on his head, then yeah, it would've been pretty Bad. That was the most unathletic thing I've seen him do. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, he's like the, he's like the most athletic person. Yes. On the face of the universe. Ever gave out some Bit every week. I see speed. Just decimating someone in a race.


I see. I seen a tweet that was like, speed is a generational athlete. That was a force to be a YouTuber or something. It's true. What a freak. Freak of nature. Literally. I mean, it's crazy. Has he ever lost a race? Didn't he beat you in a race? Yeah. So I didn't, I didn't know he was that forced. Yeah, I think you were the first victim. Yeah. Yeah. And then it was like Travis Scott and then My brother's gonna race, race Him. He's about to beat your brother. Okay. Yeah. And then he beat like, why is your brother Jake's fast Bro? 20 5K. Hey, that'll help Jake lose weight so you guys can be in the Middle. Oh, you know what? Keep racing A little sprint. Nah, nah, nah. I think, I think, I think speed will win, but I, I'll beat speed.


The race for Sure. Oh my God. for Sure. No, you won't. I'm fastest as fuck, boy. Okay guys, Are you gonna pull hamstring For Sure? And that's why I actually won't do it. 'cause now that I'm a WWE superstar top five wrestler according to ESPN. Woo, it's whatever. When are you Gonna be top one? Next year. End of next year. Yeah. I know, I know. You, you say top five and you smile, but I know you, you wanna be number one. I do. I know. Top five doesn't mean shit to You. The problem right now is though, the number one and number two are so fucking good. Is it Roman Reigns Cody and Roman. Yeah. They're just, they're just so good, dude. Like they're two guys I look at and I go, I'm actually not better than them.


I'm gonna say I am. 'cause I'm a heel. So what, what makes them the best? That aura. Yeah. Roman does have aura. It's Aura. Yeah. Like if he came in here, you'd feel It. He has Aura. Does Roman do movies or anything? He does. He does. And that Does not surprise me. No. And, And, and It's like the rock pipeline. Just he's rin and repeat with him. You know. What's funny about Roman though, like in person is because, 'cause his real name's Joe. What? His real name's Joe That just I think he lost Aura. Yeah. Well that's negative five horror. No, well, that's kind what I'm gonna say. It's not like when, when you see him in person, it depends if he's Joe or if he's Roman reigns.


Okay. Like, like have you ever heard that story of Marilyn Monroe turning on her aura? No. No. So, so, so apparently Marilyn Monroe could walk around as just Marilyn and, and, and no one would like look twice at this woman. Okay. But then she would turn on her Marilyn Monroe aura and she became this, this worldwide sensational beauty. Oh shit was Norma Jean, Norma, Norma Genius. Well, norm. So so she was Norma and then she became Marilyn Monroe. She could flip a switch and, and and and, and it's like a contagious energy that like, just attracts people to look at what they're seeing and, and, and, and be. Yeah. The Rock had that as well when I met him. Really? Yeah. I spent like 10 minutes with them and I could just feel like everyone is like gravitating towards this human.


Yeah. And you feel like you're being pulled into like this black hole that is this person. No, I'm serious. It's like that's what I You definitely when you're in the presence, who's that? Cam? Cam Newton. Cam Newton. Yeah. Yeah. He also had, he has, He has, he has major swag Mad or he got mad or Exactly like both those people, those are like the two times in my life where I like stopped and I was like, I like feel pulled to this person and like everyone in the room is not like, has not stopped looking at them. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. No, that's exactly it. And Roman can turn, he Joe can turn that on and become Roman. And it's really fascinating 'cause and it's cool 'cause he could be like a regular guy or he can be the most badass wrestler that's ever lived. Yeah. That's It.


And so like, I need them to retire before I can become number one. Or I need to get some aura myself. I mean, You're a heel. You could just, you can just play a little dirty, maybe go for a knee shot. You're right. Yeah. I'll take notes. Were you, were you gonna do something with the wwe? I mean, spoilers. Hey, were you really scared when we were hanging off that? Excuse me? Yes. Dangling off that building. Yes. Yes. You people say were saying I was acting. I I wasn't. Yeah. But the thing is, I've turned out like planes. It was nothing I've done. I've ziplined all blessed, but for some reason that fucked me, bro. It's That the leaning back and Yeah, Bro, it's just, I felt, I felt like I was too much in control.


You know, when you jump about a plane, It's kind of like, It's it's not what you can do. Yeah. It's like it's not me. Yeah. I mean, well, not for you, you are in full control, but like, he Did it naked. Play the Clip. No, no, no. Don't Play the clip. No. Play the clip Didn't, That wasn't actually naked. It was, it was Whoa Play the Whoa play The clip. There would a black bar there. I You Play the Clip again? Yeah. Black bar wasn't, Hey, All right. Now play the clip where his parachute didn't play and almost died. No. Enough of that. Okay. Enough of that. Well, look, you do have to do something if you're, when you're skydiving, it's not all like just Jesus, take the wheel. You gotta deploy your fucking Parish. Well, yeah, yeah. But normally I have someone behind Me. Yeah. But that's really important. Yeah.


But yeah, for some reason because I was just up there and I, they call it the edge. The edge. Yeah. Man, it just, you Were on the edge, your Boys. Yeah, I Was The boys went to the edge together. But you did it And we we did do it. We Edged we edged together. Well Hopefully you, you only show like the good parts of me, like looking like a boss. No. for Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Not, well, The other parts were funny. It's, It's not that. I just am not sure there was like any parts No, no. With, There Are no positive aura parts only thing. There's definitely positive aura. Let's, let's just let, let's use those clips. All right. This has turned into a Brain Rob podcast, brain update by Aura. It totally is. Dude. tiktoks ruined my life except it keeps, keeps me cool and young You know because like, I'm a, now that I'm a dad almost, I'm definitely, we're all approaching that time, man.


I wonder if we're just not gonna be cool to the kids anymore. I wonder if Aura, I wonder, moreover, I wonder if they're not gonna be cool to us. Like there's definitely times where I hear these kids say these dumb ass things. Oh yeah. Like Alpha Sigma of Riz, whatever, whatever they're saying. And I'm just like, yo, you, y'all are weirdos. you know, They eat Ohio as an insult. Yeah. What'd you say? Well, Ohio, Is that where they eat the cats, Bro, what do they say? Hold on. No, just Stop. Stop. What, What do they say? Like, you're Ohio. You're so Ohio. Yeah. So that means cringe. Shut the fuck up, Bro. It does. Ohio means cringe. What is it? Is it. What's the dingle dong? Riz or what's it, what did they say?


Turkish. Turkish kwando Riz a whole State. Blue, blue tie. Ohio riz. Yo, that's like, Do You know blue tie Ohio? Riz? Like, what are you saying Blue tie? No, don don't. He was the Riz master before the Riz master. No. Oh my gosh. Logan but blue. Yeah, no, like legit. Look up blue tie after this. I'm Turkish Dingle Don or whatever. Is it. Jingle Don Turkish dong. Oh yeah. Turkish Kwel. Whatever that is. So If you were born in Ohio, you just instantly cringe. Is that what it Depends. Are you from Ohio? Yeah. So would you consider yourself cringe?


No. It's no stereotype. Okay. Is it Is it though, bro. Because I was pretty cringe for a while. Look, it didn't help out the Ohio. I still, I still am a little bit like, bro. Not, not moments ago us were full grown men in like, nevermind. Yeah. Prime Boss can get pretty Cringe, bro. Speed speed's. Killing it. Speed's Kind of like Speed's from Ohio. Really? Yeah. So, okay. Is that All these like personality people, they keep one on Ohio, keep spawning out. There's, there's like a lab in Ohio where they just keep mutating and spawning out of em. Bro. Special breeds, special breeds. Speed's. Like, it's like your daily vlogs now just in a different format.


I Know. Yeah. It's, it's cool to watch. Yeah. He's just gotta be, he just gotta be careful. Keep it classy. Well, I mean, I guess, has he, for speed, he has to always elevate No, That's the, that's the pro. Exactly. He doesn't, he's not trapped in that loop. I mean he's, he's doing tours in different parts around The world. I mean, don don't see him having the pressure of having to go bigger and bigger though. Like, he's doing cool stuff, but it's not don don't know. It's like, am I wrong? I It's, I think you are. It's it's, yeah, definitely. It's, it's an, it's an in and I know this, like What he crashed that golf cart. Like I didn't think that was 10 times crazier than anything else he's done. I just, No, no. Until, until, until he does something that is exponentially crazier than anything else he's done.


Yeah. Like jumping to supercars randomly. You know. Well, You Know when he tried to, well he not tried to, he did set a firework in his room. Yeah. Oh wow. Oh wow. Stuff like that. The Pikachu and it going crazy. Like, that was huge. Big moment. You gotta be, you gotta be careful. Yeah. It's, it's like a, it's a little bit of a, you can fall into a trap of trying to deliver the, the next best thing to your viewer. 'cause you want to, you want to entertain. And if you don't have like a good team around you who's willing to tell you no, it can get dangerous. Yeah, I agree. And, and at the end of The day, you told me the same thing five years ago. Yeah. Well, after a series of mistakes and my early twenties.


I've learned a lot. I've learned a lot. And that's why I'm ready for fatherhood. And Nina actually just text sent me the text that she's going into labor. Fuck off. I'm just kidding. Oh. Oh my God. That would be nuts. That would be nuts Would be crazy. I'm out boys. Nah, you, you get that the FaceTime. It's her going, my water broke and she's in an ambulance or something. I'm outta Here. How Quick you running? I'm outta here. Like, Are you even saying I'm outta here or are you just running out? I'll probably say I'm outta here. Probably. I'm what if what if, what if, what if she trolls you? Like, and she's just like, yo, oh, there's water, there's water here come Quick. Yeah. I don, I feel you don't mess. Run kind Of stuff. And then halfway she goes, psych Nah, she's, no, she's not a, she's not like a prankster, like a prank YouTuber.


No, no, no. Nah. She's a, she's a real, nah, She gotta do that. She gotta do it, bro. I, I thought maybe she would today. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I Thought she, but it's, it's like you'll understand. It's like too serious of a thing to fuck her. Okay. Fair, fair. Like dude, the other, the other day, middle of the night, it's 3:00 AM she wakes up, cramping bad and like, by the way, if she has this much of a cramp, I go, are you in labor? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm fucking red. She's like, oh. And she gets, gets it together. Not going into labor. It's just a cramp. She goes back to sleep. I'm up for the next three hours because I was so excited. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's my time to come. I was like, alright, just if you wake up, we're gonna drive to the hospital. I'll be the hero because like finally I get to serve a, a function.


You know you're Gonna have some part in this pregnancy. Get to drive to the hospital. Yeah. Because as of now, yeah, I've been doing, doing been doing nothing. You're here. Yeah. I guess If she has a, what would I baby inside of her stomach? Because I'm not crazy. Jimmy. It's the weirdest. Oh, in The world, Have you seen like kick and everything? Yeah. Whoa Dude, her stomach, you'll see, you'll see her stomach. You'll see the baby's like, don don't know. Like a body part. Go like all the way up. Ah, like a little alien punching from the Inside. Oh my God. Has How does that make her, Has she given you the finger? No, not Yet. No. But That happen. She's just like, you can, you can feel her like fingers and toes and stuff. No way.


Dude. I'm telling it's crazy. Oh God. It's crazy. Whoa Bro. That's wild. You, you won't understand until, until, until you, you experience it and like seeing The woman you'll love have a little alien inside of her. It must be just Wild. It's Wild. Are you gonna look Oh? God? Yeah. I think I'm gonna look No Way. Like Nah, you're as a crazy coming out. Yeah. Nah, no tone. That Would man. So guys go back and forth on this and like, you know, I think it, I think it's, I think it's kind of beautiful in a way. I think, I think that's like a very unique what If you pass out, I won't pass out. Okay. I Won't Pass that be. You've never, you've never seen out. Imagine Like You do. Yeah. I, yeah. You know.


Oh man, I just don don't know. I feel like you can only live once. Don don't wanna see it. And when I, when I have kids, I'm not looking to screw that man. That's, that's crazy. I, I don't know that just the thought of that makes me a little, I can't imagine Logan just there just squatting down like, Nah bro. Like come on. Then he's just slowly popping up. Nah, nah, he's just really did do it like that. Intensely looking. I wouldn't do it like that. No, no. Come on then. Gal then No. Grab him by the head weeping. No, no. Come on. Lemme help out. No, I, I might ask to help. What? don don't Know bro. You Only Oh.


God. You crazy. You wanna cut? I'll do anything. The cut, the cut's fine. I can do the Cut. Oh, I, Got stem cells set up. We're gonna harvest the stem cells from Oh really? Look record. Oh, So you can put 'em in you. No, I Nina wouldn't let me. Really? Yeah, Nina wouldn't let me, bro. Just, just when they pull some out, just be like, pull a Little more. I, I tried. She said the stem cells are for the baby. And it's true. They, they're for your, your child. Should she have some sort of like blood disease, get stem Cells, get some blood. I'll just get, I'll just get someone else. Brian Johnson. Man. So you live forever? No, I like Brian Johnson. I know you remind me of Brian Johnson. I don't see the connection. Obsessive. Oh, gotcha then. Yeah, that makes sense, Bro. I Got a whole hospital kit.


I'm bringing a bed. A full fucking Cali in to The birth. Yeah. I, Got I Got string lights that I'm hanging up with. Polaroids. Attachment paperclips and, and a and a salt lamp, bro. I'm gonna make that hospital room a vibe. Does Do this, do the stem cells come from the umbilical cord or? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well you have music. What? Can, can you Free music. Music. Music. Music. I'll play one of your songs. Music. I'll play one of your songs. Yeah. And think of it, think of it a Big baby. You're in The, I think you got it bro. I'll make a viral video for you. Oh yes. God dammit. I know y'all don't watch reality TV at all. But there's a show called like the Secret Lives of Mormon Wives Out. Okay. And there was one of the wives in the show, like had a baby that was just born and was like breaking it down, doing tiktoks, like breaking it down No way.


Yeah. In, in the room afterwards. And it's a wild thing to see. And I will not be doing that. Oh great. I'm gonna tune in. I'm gonna be tuning in to Okay. Sick. My Baby's birthday. Yeah. There's some times where you have to, I think probably drop the Influencer Act. Yeah, yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, so the secret swaddle is not gonna be Lunchly themed. No. So that's the other thing. Fuck. I'm not branding my baby. And I know, know, everyone wants me to name her Prime. No, I want you to name her Lunchly don don't own any Prime equity. Oh, that's true. Lunchly. Paul Lunchly. I can't, I can't. I'm not even, she's not even gonna, she, she won't wear, she won't be wearing any prime stuff. Like I'm, when she's older, she'll, I'm sure she'll drink Prime and like I'll probably set Prime near her eventually.


No, actually I'm gonna brand my baby for Sure. I was about to say this is, But, but way less than anyone would've expect. When's expect when the last time you got punched? 'cause something's This isn't a Logan. I know. Well the, this is so, this is so corny, but it's true. And it's weird for someone like me to say, but this is a completely different individual. She's my baby and I, and I'm half of her. But like, you gotta take into account that this is like an independent person, which is like hard to grasp maybe 'cause it's like a little baby and it can't live without you. But you really have to take into account how, how This person Yeah, of course, of course, of course. Yeah. Would you can't just use the Sling product. No, I know, I know.


I, I, After Nina going through everything she's gone through, she gives birth and then it's just used as a billboard. Yeah. And instead just pulling the shut. Like, all right, cool. Prime up. Well that I know. That's what Everyone's Expecting. Everyone's Expecting Me. Yeah. Yeah. Can't do it bro. Can't do it. But I probably end up Who I probably would. Who's the guy who like makes like really crazy cartoons is and me Candy Is it me can. Yeah. Yeah. Oh God. See him, bro. He's had a field day with me, bro. Same. Wait, jj, do you have a bk? I, no. I was part of, we've all been on weekend. Yes. Drake bro. Drake Bro. Drake, Brian Fried. Drake Bryan. Mine was, how would you prefer a brand New Heart or this Tesla?


Yeah. I. don. See that one? Yeah. Yeah. They're so funny. So funny. Man, you, you Have to, you can't take 'em serious. Yeah. Oh, They're so Good. People are like, doesn't this make you that look dog? Mean it's pretty secure. But never You made one where it's like the person wasn't able to see and Then, oh yeah, you did another one on me. I forgot. But on the, the heart one, it's like, obviously I'm not gonna get mad about it. I've never threatened to kill someone over a Tesla. So like why, why would I get mad? It's just funny. But People are like, look at this Mr. Piece. You gotta respond. Yeah. Oh, but Just keep trucking, Jimmy. Keep keep, just keep doing what you do bro. It hurt. It hit me right here. Nah, Bro. And, And the heart.


I have that, that patient did it Clip it? Don't clip that. You know, for the Amazon thing. Is it worldwide Of course. Oh, sick. We're dubbing and everything. I can watch it. Yeah. No, it's hard. I mean there might be countries where prime video's not available, but I feel like that's almost everywhere Jeff Bezos got that money. Should be. Yeah. Yeah. a hundred percent. It will blow your minds. I wish I could Show you guys. I actually really excited to see it. At One point I had over 1500 people on set, like working on it. That's how, how big these sets were. Wow. 1500 people. I have like over a hundred people editing it. That's crazy. Well, congrats Jimmy. Yeah. That's so cool, man. Episode one we use four times more Camera. Stop, stop, stop. Four times more cameras than any production of anything in history than four times more camera than any movie has ever used.


No one's gonna catch you, dude. Crazy. In a single recording. Four times more camera than any show. Never in history has there ever been 1400 cameras simultaneously recording. Wow. Alright. You're doing too much now, Joe. Yeah. You gotta chill. Yeah, yeah. My bad. You're actually pissing me off. You inspire Me, but hey, don't, don't worry boys. Lunchly in it. Let's go then. We're good. We're good. Speaking of that, let's go to a store. Let's go hand out these meals. No. Yeah, we can sample. I get to Go to a Walmart with the boys. That's True. Oh yeah. Thanks for joining me guys. Let's go. Yeah, Well, oh, pleasure. Yeah, no Thanks. I I'm excited to go. Scam prime bottle. See the sales club? This is like Christmas for me. The boys finally are gonna hang out with me. Oh, Stop. Mike Malac. I miss you brother.


I miss you. And, and your big flat feet. And I'm glad we were able to hang out the other day before you went to Singapore and missed this podcast. There's No need to be salty just 'cause you don't have a Lunchly equity. Well, You know we gave him a little po. A little salty. Oh, that's Right. We gave him a penny or a share. A share. Yeah. By the way, he's gonna, he's gonna hold me do that. He's gonna say this is legally binding. And it might be. Anyways, guys, Thank you for Lo Thank you for launching this prod Lunchly Prime Feast Bowls B Scams. don don't know. Goodbye. Yo, what's up? It's the Riz and I'm taking over for Logan Now it's my show.