
Ladies and gentlemen, he's one of the most successful artists in The world. It is Mike Towers, Let's say. A couple of artists, they make songs like, ah, I'm out in the club. I'm, they're not even out. Shout out. You know what I'm saying? To all the Latinas, I love them All. Really. Can you say, which country has the best looking Latinas? You know, my father alive and everything. I love them. All that. But he wasn't in my household. My dad was in the house. I think that actually was the problem. I wanted to ask you quickly too, about working with Benny Blanco. Benny Blanco is crazy, bro. He told me crazy, bro. In the Studio, Aliens, unidentified Flying people. Even aliens. I believe him. Yeah. I saw with My eyes. You saw aliens. They were, Well, they were lights. Are you close with bad bunny? Yeah. Yeah. Who would win in a WWE match?


Yeah. You were bad. You were bad Bunny. Here's the thing about Mike, bro. He, who knows what he's gonna say next? You know, he's, he's, he's spontaneous. He's Mike. He's Mike. I'm Mike. You're Mike. Yeah. We got that in common. That's Right. Except you're, I think you're a little cooler 'cause you spell your name with a y. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's a little, You know, it's like, like a transition in my, my career. I started with the, with the I, but, but then they, they like my nickname then put it like Young King. Yeah. So then I, I spell it with the y It was the same. Oh, so it was like before and after Sick.


You could never do that. I mean, I could, I could. You know what the name You could, you Could, how, how old are you, Bro? You really wanna start off on this note, bro? We, I thought we were friends, bro. Oh, really? 30. 30. Ah, I'm older than you, bro. Well, you're young too though. You're like 31. 31. Yeah. How do you feel being 31, 30 G is the new 20. Yeah. That's what everyone's saying. That's what they're saying. When I Got here. Watch 40. The new 30. Yes. Let's go. Let's go, bro. 10 doesn't count. The tens doesn't Count. Nah, it doesn't count. You. You were children. We were kids. You know, I Got an intro for you, ladies and gentlemen. He's one of the most successful artists in The world, is Mike Towers.


Thank you. Always. Thank you my bro. Hey Dude, Thank you for coming and joining us in your home of Puerto Rico. Thank you. Bye. So cool to have you, man. Absolute legend on the island. Such a musically talented artist. Thank you, bro. Yeah, bro. I just wanted to chop it up with you and, and, and bare minimum make the connection. I have to say, man, we've had, we have 500 episodes deep at this point, and no one has ever come with this many people. I, this is the, we We're in pr I come with, with like, with my friends and my, the little ones they want to come. So we here, bro. This Is, this is crazy. This is the entourage. Yeah. A part of it. Part of it. It's like my people like being with me daily. It is. Not all, all of 'em are not working with me.


They're like my friends. Oh. Oh Really? Yeah. What are you guys up to right Now? I was in like, finishing a couple of, of the videos of, of my new project and, and then I had like a, a free time was with the little one. And, and when he, he knew I was coming here, he was like, nah, I'm going with you. So, really? Yeah. Yeah. We should get him on. He crazy. He crazy. He's A tamp. Yeah. They sharp, bro. Is he He's a wrestling fan. He's a wrestling fan. Sick. But How old is, how old is he? Five years. But he's like obsessed with it right now. You know, when, when the kids start with that era, like wrestling, everything. And I'm, I'm like watching TV and he comes Yeah. Yeah. Off the top rope.


Yeah, bro. Crazy. We were talking downstairs. So he's got a 5-year-old son. I have a seven month old daughter. Is it the feeling of being a dad to a son? What's that like? Bro, you, You know, everybody is like telling you since, since You know you're gonna be a father, they say like, oh, that gonna change your life and blah, blah, blah. But until you got it in your hands Yeah. And, and you realize that it is not for you, what you're doing. Shit changed, bro. Yeah, For Sure. What, when did, I'm asking kind of like selfishly, when did it go from like a baby blob to like, What's baby blob? You Gonna I just, I just made it up like, I don't know, like f for like, my daughter's seven months old.


Okay. And she's still developing a personality. She's like finding out who, like who she is. She, she screams. Yeah. She's doing a lot of like, screaming like it, I don't really know how to translate all of her actions, but When did your son develop a personality where you could really start like, connecting with him? You know what? I had him in, in the pandemic. So I had that connection with him like two years. Oh, okay. Like, I didn't, was flying, I, I was not flying and all that. Yeah. So I create that gap with him. I build that gap with him and he's like, bro, he's like a, like an adult, but a little one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, and, and he, he's always with me and, and know people by his name. And I rem he's like crazy, bro.


Sick. Like, when you see a little kid, like, that's like a computer, bro. He, he remembers memorize everything. Crazy. Smart. Smart. Do you gotta be careful what you're saying in front of him. Careful. Yeah. What I say, what I do. Everything. Even yo, the most, the thing that you don't even, he might, he, he gonna remember and he can tell I'm watching him right Now. I Like, he doesn't understand English, but he's like, they talking about me. He know right now. Oh, he, oh, he only speaks Spanish. Yeah. He always speaks Spanish. Yeah. When will you, when will you start to teach him English? He's like, You know, in school they, they teach him, but he's like in, in the basic five years. But he, he understands the, the basic things.


Yeah. Yeah. So bro, born and raised in Puerto Rico. Yeah. How, how you feel, how you feel about Puerto Rico? How, how you, how you about your perspective, how you see the island. Yeah, man, I wasn't sure what to expect when I first came here. Me and my brother are obsessed with this place. We, we we're in love with the island and You know, we, like I said, we weren't sure like exactly how long we were gonna be here. And now it's clear we're gonna like, raise kids here. It's, it's where we live. It just, it just, it's so nice. We call it paradise and for our, it's Paradise. It's Paradise. It, it truly Is. It, it feels like that to us. And, and our lifestyles are like pretty work intensive. Yeah.


Mean we're just working like you, you, you as well. You're just working. Yeah. And You know, being isolated on an island and you look outside and it's, it's beautiful. Makes you wanna just work that much harder. Keep focused. Yeah. Yeah, man. Like we, all we do is train. Like we're in my, my gym. We showed you around and This is like your life, your lifestyle is like your work. So It is, I'm sure it's the same for you. Yeah. Just always hustling. Always, Bro. And, and you've always been like that. You never, I, I was, I started in here like when I was 19 years old and, You know, it's level by level. Yeah. And the more you go up, the more responsibilities and, and all that. So I've been learning since day one. More Money, more problems. More Money, more problems. How true Is that? J Jorge told us You're not, not a big partier.


No, no parties. Like, nah, I cannot say that I like to party, but, but You know, it's like by season when You know, it's, it's time for grinding and then time for shining, You know how to do it. Where do you, I don't like to go out like, daily. Where do you, when you party, where do you like to go? It depends, but I like to go to see the vibe. Like what's real, you know, where the real deal goes, you know, I can go to every place, but I want to go like the underground to see how, how it goes. Whenever I'm, I'm wherever I'm I, You know, like, let's say I'm in, in Europe, I'm go, I'm going to Europe in a couple days. Yeah. So I like to do my show, but I like to go to the club after just to, to see how the people, The vibe.


Yeah. I love that you're finishing your tour in at us. Yeah. That's crazy. It's crazy. Have you been there before? I've been once over there. And the, the show was crazy. That's Not, that's like I iconic dude. Yeah. That's a really important place in, in Europe during the summer, man. Yeah. That's Really, I saw like a, a couple of artists that went there. I'm like, damn, I, I felt important too over there, Bro. It's, it's the biggest artist in The world. Yeah. That's massive. And DJs and everything, You know, Ibiza is a whole other bro, You know, over The world. So will you go out there after your shows? I, I can go, You know, I like to fill the vibe wherever I'm at. Yeah. Is that safe though? Because I feel like every time I've done that, You know, try to like, connect with like, you know, the culture or whatever.


Like in Rio I Got, I just get pickpocketed, You know, that's part of the culture over there. So, oh, It's part of the game. Oh, Part of the game. You know, where you, you, You know, you have to learn the rules and know where you are. But It's cra dude, they're, they're, they, they're good at it, You know? It was, it was a woman. I Got pickpocketed by a woman twice, once in Cancun and once in Rio. Those are the more, you know, it's easier for them. You know why? Because you're right. Because when I turned around and said, you stole my wallet, she screams, ah, stop touching me. No way. No way. Yeah. Oh yeah. And so now I'm like, it, like seasoned Fuck. Fuck you say. Oh, fuck it. It wasn't her, But fuck to take my shit Gonna be Maybe other shit. No, that's, that's something about you.


I think that definitely separates you from most artists and certainly a lot of artists we've had on this show Is it seems like you, you have this really deep appreciation for your culture. Yeah. And, and your roots while also balancing this, this, You know, insane global celebrity. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's like my flow, my, my my way of like, my, my lifestyle is because of Puerto Rico. Right. But I, I want to get bigger. I wanna go with my music to other places, You know, always Puerto Rico's gonna, Puerto Rico's gonna be always with me behind my back. But whenever I go, let's say Mexico, Spain, Colombia, I'm always like thinking about what Puerto Rico like, teach me.


So I'm here because of them. What did Puerto Rico teach you? Like what were the, what's the main influence from the island? How did, how did, how did it impact your, your flow, your style? Like the, like my, my hustle came from Puerto Rico. Like my grandmas like my mother, they were like workers, you know, like have more than one work. They were like hustling. And I saw that since I was a little kid. Like everything since, You know, in my neighborhood, every, the le the hood legends, everything that I know. It was from Puerto Rico that I saw. So it was, I'm a product of, product of my envi environment. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. No, you nailed it. Who, who's your, like, were all of your inspirations musically from the island?


Or did you take inspiration from people from the states too? Or like, what were your biggest music inspirations? Of course, from, from the island, since I was a little kid. I was born in Launa Ton. Can you translate? Launa is like, yes. It means The, the corner of Reggaeton. Yeah. Like, I was born in here, so I love Reggaton music crib. The crib. Oh yeah. Damn. I wasn't that far off. No, Because well, this chorus in crib. Yeah. The, the crib. So like the birth. Oh, the birthplace. Yeah, the birth. Oh, the birthplace. Oh, that makes sense. Okay. The Reggaton, of course the Reggaton artists were like my main inspiration. But when I was like 16 years old, I started like to interest with the hip hop music.


Like, and started like developing this love for music. But my, my family, they, they love like Sal Meen, all that music, that, that is culture for us. So I feel like I Got the love, the love for, for music in general. Not only like, music from here. Dude, how has this island cultivated so many talented musicians? Like it's, it's Crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. Like, man, the bad bunnies of The world, who I know you've collabed with. Yeah. There's a lot of up and coming artists right near What's that? What's that? Young Miko. Miko. So talented. And that's, that's new generation. Yeah. But Puerto Rico comes from That Yankee Hebrew, Bro, I'm gonna take you from VO back then.


Ismail Rivera like salsa music. Yeah. When you, when you gonna, when you wanna bike, play some salsa music and from back in the days, and they were already like performing in Africa, so they, they were running around The world before the Reon and all that. So I think salsa was an inspiration, like big inspiration for, for Ton. Do you, are you, are you close with Bad Bunny? You know, with all the artists? We, I Got respect for all them, but we're not like, like friends, like, like my, You know, like my people are, I can tell you like, I call him daily. So we just like make music and respect each other, You know? I appreciate you saying that because I feel like a lot of people would ve like, oh, that's the homie, You know.


No, no, no. 'cause people see what's happening, like what we work. But this is, this is our work, You know? It is like, how you say gra like, like Collie Collie Colleagues and friends are friends, bros and bros. You know, it's like, it's a very, there, there's a line between all of them. It Gets good. Do you got any homies that you work with? Like me, me and him are our best friends. And of course I Got, I Got, but I Got my friends. I didn't know them because of the music. I, I, I Got my friends before music. So let's say if tomorrow I say I don't wanna make music no more, I'm will be my, my same friends. Yeah. But do you work with them in any, in any capacity?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they work with me. Of course, I Got a couple of them. It is not that, ah, you my friend, you're gonna work with me. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You gotta have Like, Skills. Skills and, and of course like being focused on, on what we doing. When it's work, it's working and we're doing whatever, You know, it's different. Yep. It's a tough balance sometimes, man. Very tough balance. Mm. Okay. People think it's, this is like, let's go hang out nana. This is like, you gotta be, there's a work ethic. Be behind shit. For Sure. Well also just being able to like separate the, the business and the relationship that like, it's, the lines get so blurred. Have you ever had to go south? Like, south Like, Like bad.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, there's situations. Every, every people got 'em. So you learn from them. It's, it's what, it's What It is, bro. Yeah. It's What It is. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. It is What It is. Mike. You know, We, we have, we've, we've had so many battles, honestly, though, after, like you said, you learn from 'em. And I feel like now they just don't, like they, they started, there was a lot, then there was a few less, then a few less. Now it never happens because you learn how to work together and you Learn how to, You know, each other. How, how long you been knowing each other? We've Been working together and friends for like, almost 10 years. Yeah. I'd say about a decade. Yeah. So, You know, it's a, it is a process of highs and lows.


You just gotta for Sure enjoy the process, bro.


Baseball season is in full swing, pun intended. And the music festivals are here for all your live event tickets. There's only one place you need to be. You already know it's seat geek with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events every single day on Seat Geek, including concerts, sporting events, music festivals, and of course Raw SmackDown e premium live events and more. They put all the tickets across the web in one place to make sure you're getting a good deal. And each ticket is graded to make sure that you get a good deal. Look for the green dots. Green means good. Red means, thanks Mike. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. And, You know, it came through. For you guys, as per usual, use my code Logan 10 for 10% off tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off your purchase with promo code Logan 10. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app. Shout out SeatGeek back to the show.


Have You seen any of the, the backlash on Logan and Jake for like, being on the island and any of the stuff That's Yeah, of course. That's, that's, that's what, that's why I ask first for them, like, how do you feel from, from Puerto Rico? Because I felt the backlash can come because it's like, you are like from outside, You know? But the things that you, you've been doing and time by time, You know, time will, will decide. But y'all, y'all haven't been like in Puerto Rico, like, ah, we're the kings of Puerto like, you've been, you're doing your thing, but you're still being humble. Like you help Puerto Rico low key. I know. 'cause I know, but it's normal.


You just gotta, ve like, ah, fuck it. I'm gonna be myself and, and time will speak. So, but I, it is not, I can tell you like, nah, nah, of course the it Is, it is been a, like a, a backlash how you see it. Yeah. Man, I'm glad you said that 'cause and I appreciate you saying that. 'cause like, like I said, we love this island and it's, it's, we trust that through our actions that we aren't always publicizing, right? Like, stuff that we're not always like showing to The world. Of course. Whatever that may be. And I'm not even gonna say it now 'cause it doesn't matter. But yeah, it's stuff that, You know, it, we're not, we're not doing it for the recognition. We're doing it for appreciation. We, we, Because sometimes people could take a, as as like, ah, they trying to buy him, You Know? Yeah. Oh Yeah. But I'm gonna be, I'm gonna take it to another level, bro.


If, if Puerto Rico was back in the days and y'all coming like from outside, people from here, like, let's say the street leaders, they, they were, they will ve like, oh, come hang with the people. So they, they, you can feel like the connection with them. And let's say, oh, we have some teams, we got some, some support from the kids. And time by time, You know, it's not like from, from the night to, to another day. Yeah. It's like time. By time. Yeah. You gonna, you're gonna have the island with you back in you up. Yeah. It's like your brother. People call him ah, like from Dera, agao, Elga Derado. Yeah. At the beginning it was like, ah, they trying to, what they doing?


They're not from here. But then in Puerto Rico, everybody is like, there's always like ba alone. Like we, we always having fun with everything. So you saw how, how they treat him right now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh bro. They love him. They love him. And I have to say like as is and sort of online hate, I've never gone out and experienced hate on the island. Everyone has been so friendly and so nice. Like, I'm, I'm, I'm overwhelmed with just how nice people Are. I, I'm sure that you at the beginning was like, damn, I'm, I'm not gonna get out A Little bit. A little Bit. But it's not like that. You know, when people see you are like, I feel like I'm from Puerto Rico. It's not like you're trying to take something from us.


You know? It's like I'm in Puerto Rico, I live in Puerto Rico, I like Puerto Rico. It's not like, ah, I came to PR and now I'm the king of, of pr. You're not doing that. No. Fuck no. That's you. No, no. Not even me. It's like I'm the young king. 'cause I felt I am the voice of, of a lot of people from my era, you know? Mm. And Puerto Rico, I can go to every place, every hood, every in Puerto Rico. And I'm not like, ah, this is mine. I'm from them. Yep. Yep. That makes sense. Nah, bro. The, the, I think the best thing my brother and I could do is just keep our heads down, keep it doing good where We can and like, shine a spotlight on the beautiful people and, and the island when and where we can. And, and, and that's it, bro.


We're not here to, that's it. We're not here to take over. I just want to like, enjoy, You know, like everyone else. But I, If, if I can give you like an advice. Sure. I, I would love to see y'all like, going more to, to where people that can can't even see you, let's say performing or people wanna see you like in person. That's, that's actually a sick I idea. See that's actually a sick idea, dude. Like, some sort of like event or day or already in the works. Oh, Actually we have, we have, we have some stuff lined up. Oh, sick. Yeah. We, we wanna, we just wanna do it. Right. Yeah. I know, I know for Sure you got like, like your plan, but it's like when you, when people connect more with you in person, like Yeah.


Yep. Watching you how you work with kids and everything. Yeah. Shit. It gonna be different. Yeah. That's a great idea. Yeah man. It's, it's, it's definitely something that's on our agenda. I don't want to say too much. Or, or even like, You know, it's, it's tough. 'cause like I said, if we, sometimes when we do things that we're ge genuinely doing to just like go do, because it's, it's a good thing because we post things. People think So things Bad. Yeah. Yeah. They, they question our Motives. Even me, I don't like to be seen like, as a hero. Whatever I do is 'cause I want to do. And I, and I feel like I Got that responsibility, but I really hate when, when I, let's say I help somebody and you know, people, sometimes you gotta do it 'cause people copy everything.


Yep. Yep. So in a good way they should copy that. Yep. But some, let's say the other part is like, ah, they're trying to Yeah. Trying to take advantage of, of poor people or blah blah blah. So you gotta be careful with all that. Yep, yep. For Sure. Thank you for the advice there dude. I wanna talk about your music. Yeah, for Sure. I wanna talk about, about your music. 'cause that's, that's, I mean, skyrocket you into a, a, a global phenomenon. 17 billboard number ones six. Latin gra Grammy nominations, songwriter of the year in 2022. I mean, dude, crazy. It's insane. It goes on insane. Super, super viral song on how did, how did, how did TikTok help you in the strangest way?


Do you feel weird saying that? Like, It, it's like, Does it feel like a weird cheat code? It's like something new. Today's TikTok, let's see, let's see What It is tomorrow. No, it's like, let's say when MySpace got out, like people in, in their profile put music. Now it's TikTok is different. Facts, videos, people dancing at the beginning. Not gonna lie, bro. I was like, damn, we gotta dance. 'cause you don't understand at the beginning. But then my music, I don't know why. It's like Mike people was even bumping like all songs and it's like a little clip that goes borrowing in TikTok. Damn, forget it. That the song is gonna have a lot of streams.


It translates to Spotify and Apple Music. But crazy. Yeah. In a crazy way. So at the beginning I was a little bit like, ah, but then, I don't know, bro. It's like something I don't even can explain it. So TikTok is a good tool for us, for Sure. Do you, do you ever make music with TikTok? Virality in mind? Nah. 'cause I don't know. What happened is that my music started to go viral, but I didn't. Okay. I was wasn't even making music, like, like, let's say strange sound for for getting. Yeah. Yeah. But then of course when you making a song, you, you can tell like, yo, this part. Yeah, yeah.


TikTok, they gonna ve like crazy. Yep. So you play with it. But I don't make music neither for TikTok or neither for awards. You know, I'm in music. 'cause I feel, I feel in my heart, like, I like this. Would you say, I was gonna ask you this question, but that might, that might be the answer. 'cause You know, he's, he's saying all these stats and man, you don't just have one song that's been streamed a billion times. You know, you, you have, you have multiple Yeah. Multiple. Like, that's not easy. In fact, that's really hard. Like a lot of artists will never accomplish that in their lifetime. What do you think it is about you that is the secret sauce to such successful music?


I think I developed like this instinct of making music back in the days when I was like 19 years old, I was making like five songs in a day. Three. So like, making a lot of music made me like knew what function and What It was like, ah, this is whack. Okay. Like, fuck it, I'm not doing this again. It's like the experience of making music. At the beginning it was like More like a rapper. Okay. Right. It was like I from a rapper and this and that and I'm, I just a rapper. But I realized it, I realized I was born in Puerto Rico where the Reon was born too. So when I started making reggaeton too, it was like, ah, this is easier for me.


And people talk shit. Like, ah, he make reggaeton and he, he was like, blah, blah, blah. But I, there's the monies over there. Whoever told me that doesn't make whatever they make for the money, he's lying. You know, you got your passion and all that, but the hunger and blah, blah, blah. But the money is the motivation. So You think of like rapping more. I like, I always, You know, when, when I make music, of course I do mainstream music and music for the girls and blah, blah blah. But I feel like I Got a surf for my fans to the very, they want fans. And I always come with a project for project for them. How, how much do you have to change your sound for commercialization and, and money versus like, what you wish it could sound like if you were doing it just for yourself?


Like, I think to like back to like Jada Kiss, right? Yeah. Like Jada Kiss put out shit that was just for the streets, Gonna Street. Everybody loved him. Shout that for real. But he never, he never made like a, a ton commercial. Yeah. Never had like, big commercial hits, but everybody on the streets fucked with him. And then you had like somebody like Jay who just, you know, after a while he started to make stuff that was just so always like, so commercially viable. Right? Like how, how close do you feel like you are right now to the exact sound you wish you could add? If, if you just had a, a trillion dollars and you didn't have to ever think about it. You know, when Dre came out and, and mixed like singing and rapping, he was like a new era.


Yeah. Yeah. And then when I, when I started making music, it was like 2013, like 2012, I started recording. But when I re like released it, it was 2013. So back then I was doing music for commercial music, but I didn't felt it will, let's say you, you playing cards and you got this big card and you said s not the moment for throwing it out. You know, so it was like, let's keep serving what people know I can do. And then the, my career like demanded like, you, you gotta do something new. So people, it wasn't that radical, you know, it was like, I still got my, my essence, You know, like they, they can tell, ah, that's Mike.


But I, I show him, I show him that I can do more than I was doing. So It sounds like it let me interpret this and Yeah, you tell me if it's correctly, I heard, you know, you basically put in the reps repetition a lot of it until you found your lane and then you went for it. Yeah. And it sounds like because you had put in all those reps, when you did find that kind of perfect pocket for you, it was just like such a, such a, such a fantastic was like Yeah, Ma Yeah. Yeah. But you're also, you're also a sick lyricist. Yeah. Which I feel like, You know, again, bro, we've had a i to toot our horn. We've had a, we've had a lot of artists on this show and You know, some are good at some things, others are good at the, but like, it's rare that you have kind of that like that full package, right?


Yeah. And then hence a superstar is born. Do you think, do you think an artist's ability to be lyrically gifted as well is a bit of a superpower? Of course, bro. Definitely. That that's the thing that gonna separate you from, from the rest. Like of course everybody is making music and all that. Yeah. But when you dedicate yourself to the lyrics, it's like that stays forever. And you make, you can go down from, from the level that you create, it's like, it's a concrete Yeah. Fan base that, that gonna be with you because of your real talent. You could be viral, you can be blah, blah, blah, anything.


But when the music speaks for itself and you make classics and, and consistency. That's, that's, that's the key, bro. For Sure. And I'm sure people relate to your lyrics and can like, feel that, that heart you were talking about earlier. Yeah. My, my career has never been like, I can tell you like I'm a phenomenon. Like I'm phenomenon or, or let's say I, I'm a, I want hit wonder. Nah, it was like, like song by song. Like helping the other one and people connecting. Ah, you know, like I can, I can drop a project, right? Let's say the crowd will have, will pick different songs. Yeah. So that's when, you know, that whole project got fired.


You know? Consistency. Yeah. Yeah. Consistency. Yeah. It's, I I mean just, you know, based on what I know about you and what you're saying, yeah. Your work ethic is, is crazy. And that consistency he's talking about like, has always for me been the number one thing. Yeah. Like, like, You know, get, get partner with someone, work with someone who's always consistently good, then someone who's sometimes great. You know? I mean, you see so many people come up and have these like viral sensations, bro, we've watched 50 50 waves of people. Yeah. You know, when they're, when it's a wave and you watch it and they go over and they do and they come on crazy and they get a billion views, billion views on every video they put out. They're getting crazy TikTok numbers. And you watch The Memes, the trendy, trendy shit.


Like, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But, but to, to, to pop like, that might be hard. But to stay, to stay consistent, even at half that amount of numbers or a quarter even for five years, six years, like Drake said, we'll see who's still around a decade from now. Like, bro, I felt that shit. 'cause yeah, it is like when you, you, you trying to like, create something for a long term. So that, that part was like, damn, that makes me moti get motivated. Is it The goat? For me, I Got, I Got like this tri triangle and I put Biggie, Jay and Drake. Oh damn. Wow. Some real, yeah. But I, I, I for, you know, with all due respect to Jay and, and rest in peace, biggie I put like, Drake bigger 'cause he got music for, for the woman too.


Let's say 15 years from now, you're gonna play. Let's go. We going home. Jay had like, Jay had like a couple Biggie had Biggie had not, nobody's listening to machine gun, funk. No. Girl's like, So it's different. He, he, when you compare, you nah, you crazy. You Should hit a Drake collab. Hopefully you, You know what I don't in since a couple years, it was like, I'm not gonna force anything when, when it is time for let's say when I know him or whatever. Yeah. That's gonna be, if he's mean to be, it gonna happen. Is that Your, is that like your, the collab you would want more than anything else?


Or Some, some people you don't even, You know, if it happens, great, but some people it is like, when you got inspired from them, you just want to know them or, you know, or get advice from them. So I Got a lot of respect for, for Drake. Who, who else are you like looking at right now that like, as opposed to it being like a dream thing that you just think would ve like a good collab for you right now? Musically? Like, like a Music? Yeah. Who are you watching? There's a lot of people like, I, I respect, but in Latin world, I, I like to collab or Mark Anthony or Romeo Santos. I Got a lot of respect for them. But it's what I'm, I'm saying like, I don't wanna force anything when they know me and, you know, We can vibe whatever happens, But, and you get the phone call, they call.


Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Do you feel that way about everything in, in life and all, all different aspects of life where you, you feel like you don't ever wanna force shit? Do you always want stuff to come to you? Yeah, bro. I just put my belt and I'm with God. You know, God is going make the, the path for me, God in the universe. Yeah. If it's meant for you, it'll be meant for you. Yeah, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a good way to go about Life. I think you have to. I think it's the only way to, Are you religious? You know, I, I believe in God. I Got my relationship with God directly. I don't talk, I don't confess to nobody. I just pray to God and, and keep going. Yeah. That's how I am as well. Yeah. Hey, I wanted to, I wanted to ask about your, your workflow.


You know, like, like from from coming up with an idea for a song or even even like the writing process. I'm, I'm curious about what does your workflow look like? It it change. It depends. Let's say, let's say we talking here, right? And you said something that, that got me. Like, damn. And I, I just gonna tell you like, wait, wait for me, I write down something and I Got this idea till I go to, to the studio. Something like Notes in your phone. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It, it depends. I like to write. Okay. In like in Noble, like back in the days. Yeah. But that's when I'm in the studio like chilly, like drinking something, smoking something. I can, I can, You know how you say make emphasis for, for the letters emphasis Exercise.


Yeah. But when I'm like, let's say there's a lot of people in the studio, I'm not gonna take out money. So I Got in, I Got in my phone. Yeah. Yep. But I always, it depends, let's say the song is like, like a chill song. I go by myself and the producer. Or if the song is like something hype up the Homies. Yeah. I need to feel this, the real vibe. And that's why I go out. 'cause you listen, let's say a couple of artists respect for everybody, but they make songs like, ah, I'm out in the club, I'm blah. They're not even out. They're, they're at home. And you don't, you don't even feel what they saying. Yeah. About at the club, blah, blah. Women dancing. They don't even dance. Yeah.


So It doesn't connect. Yeah. You Gotta, you gotta leave and then go to, to the book. So Where do you go? So where do you go here? What's the club called that you guys bring me to? 58. 58? Yeah. 58. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The hottest club in pr. I know you probably been there. We went further. The Martinez brothers one time. 58. There's all the Puerto Rican girls. Yo, I know you, you got I'm wiped up. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But and you are too. Yeah. Yeah. But I think He met, I think he met a, a Puerto Rican girl there was it F 58 Yeah. Was right. But at least you gotta have like Puerto Rican women as friends. Like, no, nothing bad. 'cause you gonna love you. You will like how the woman of Puerto Rico are.


They go crazy. But they, they're in love. I'm on a break from Latinas right now, man. They're What? What do you have? They're just hard for me bro. They're Just, oh, what, what Latin? I don. Oh yeah. 'cause they're all different, right? Like every, every area's different. Cuba. Cuba, Cuba. Hmm. Fire. No, don't say that man. Nah, nah. It's, they're Danger. Yeah. That's what I'm saying, bro. That's what I'm saying. It's difficult. It's like a whole different, a whole different like playbook. Shout out. You know what I'm saying? To all the Latinos, I love them all really. Can you say which country has the best looking Latinas? Damn. Colombian. Venezuela is like fighting.


Yeah. All of them. Brazilian too. So, But Puerto Rico's got, yeah, always. Puerto Rico is like Puerto Rico. I Got em in the ranking. Number one ranking. You use a notes app on your phone a lot? Yeah, bro. I Got like, I'm, I'm a person that, let's say I use the notes and I use the, the voice recording. Ah, because you can write it down. But when you forget about the flow. I was gonna say, Is it, Is it, is that for melodies? Yeah, For melodies. I Got take out my phone and you see my like, like it was a microphone. 'cause if not, I forget about it. You forget for Sure. I realize the same thing. If I ever have a creative idea, You know how many songs I've ve like, I wake up and like singing something, I write it down.


Yeah. And then I Damn fuck. Yeah. Because you will forget. Yeah. You 100% will forget. I like, I make it a rule to write shit Down. And then you read it and read and read. I'm ve like, fuck it the Fuck this shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So do you do a, a melody before you hit the beat? Or will you, will you craft a beat around, around the melody? If I, If I Got a, I prefer to listen to a beat or, or a melody or something that, that I have like, like this amo atmosphere, You know? Yep, yep. I feel something and then I go from there. I gotta have like a line or, or a, a word, an idea that I wanna speak about. I see. And then from then I see, so Who's the producer here?


Is the producer here? They're in the studio. I finishing everything. I'm making the beats right now. Yeah. Ah, bet, bet, bet. So you're about to go on a crazy to and and, and and drop the album. Yeah. The album is dropping in, in a couple months. Sick. So, Spain, France, Switzerland, uk, Madrid, Barcelona and Ibiza. Wait, have you been to all these places? A couple of them. There's a, a new new. Which ones new? Which one's new UK You've ever been to Switzerland before? Switzerland. Switzerland. I, I've been there, I've been there, but performing in clubs. So now it's in a bigger, bigger scale. Bigger in, I would assume it's in Zurich. Yeah. Right. And then, and then, oh, and, and you haven't been to the UK yet either, Man, bro.


A couple of places make me feel like that day one, like when you got, you get like a little nervous, like, ah, anxious. Like they know my music always. The first time I went to to Spain, bro, I was like, the fuck, I don't even know. But when you get there, it's like, damn. That's when you realize that's where you gotta go out, is what I'm saying. Yeah. You gotta, you can, people can tell you whatever in, in socials, but when you go out Yeah. It's like, damn. But where, where are the hater? The hater don't even out. You know what I'm saying? No, that's a great Idea. But When you go Out, For Sure when they love you in, in places that they love you, it's like when you feel like, damn, I've been putting work. Does any part of you like that feeling of, man, these people might not know me, so I gotta I gotta show out right now.


That's when I, when I get like them, I gotta con conquer them. I see. It's like new people. Of course. When you go to, to a place that you already have performance. Yeah. You know what's gonna happen. You go more with more confidence. Yeah. But when it's a new place, you, you say like, I can go wrong. No, But even with, even with the amount of streams that you have, like people, people know your music. Even if, even if they're not maybe super familiar with you, they know the music. Yeah. But it's, it's different bro. Bro. When it's, you are performing and you see the fans and you see, let's, let's say you go to the mall not even performing and, and you see like the workers, the people over there, you said like, damn the show, the show gonna be crazy.


I see. I see. Okay. Alright. You can tell when you leave. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You go to a restaurant and they, everybody in in the kitchen goes out. I'm pretty sure you said like, damn. Okay. And that give that give gives give me like the energy to go out and, and you know, give them Yeah. Crush it. Yeah. For them. Yeah. Yeah. Some places just go crazier than other places. That's true. Yeah. The Energy. Even for us, like in the states, like you go, you go somewhere like la right? Like even, like we've done events in la. Different Yeah, different. They're different. Just so LA is just so used to the idea of celebrity and, and, and there's all celebrities. Yeah. So you show up and they're just like, You know, whatever. But you go to man, you go to like, Tuscaloosa, tus Alabama crazy.


Even like, you go to like, dude, if I go to Boston, Boston's crazy. Mm. Like, 'cause it's like the right demo and they don't see the people. Speaking of Boston, it's a good parlay. Yeah. Heard you heard your NBAA basketball fan. Yeah. You watch a lot of NBAI Watch a lot of NBAI, I'm mad that, You know, Tatum the danger of, of Tatum. But they win last night without him. So See what happens. That's a crazy series right there, bro. Game seven. Definitely. Yeah, Bro. If the Knicks win, pandemonium, like, who You got? Who you got in the finals? Man, I Don't know brother. There's just so many. The Knicks are playing good basketball. I want, I, I don't know why I want an to get to the final league.


I mean, dude, he's he's Take It off. He's incredible. SG a's incredible like SGA too. Dude, there's so many, there's so many like super talents right now. But it's, it's weird. 'cause actually Boston was playing better without Tatum. Like, they put a, they were up by like 20 points last night without Tatum. And there's some people saying that they're better sized up for the Knicks without 'em, I don't know. Anything could happen. Who, who, who you want. You want the, I want, I want. And yeah, whoever got it is, is good. 'cause he's new, but I feel like, and got this history back and he is like, like the bully, like the face of, of the youth. Like, you can tell my my kid, oh, who's your favorite one? And let's say six months before it was Curry.


Yeah. But now it's like Anthony. I know the, the new names because of him. Interesting. Even wrestlers, everything. When I know he's like, fan. I'm like, yo, How, what is he watching? How? Yeah. Like what, how does he like, he just on the tv? Yeah, Bro. The the iPad. Oh, oh, Oh, the iPad go. He going Crazy. He's with the iPad. He plays with the PlayStation. The, I, it's like crazy. He knows. I Mean I was, I was just wondering. 'cause like, you know, I think I'm already kind of questioning if I'm gonna have to monitor my kids viewing habits or screening, You know? Yeah. Everything I, I, You know, I always let him be, be him.


But I always watch. But 'cause little, You know, the cartoons ain't playing bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It crazy too, bro. Yeah. No Coco Melon. Yeah. Crazy. Yo, the stupid things you say. Like what? Yeah. Play by, play that, play that again. Lemme see that. Yeah. Nah, no. Chase this shit. Yeah. Fair, Fair, fair. And he, he gotta watch like YouTube kids. Yeah. The other YouTube is crazy. The fight, everything. Like, That's insane. What about Mr. Beast? Huh? Whenever he, he, yo, Mr. Everything he knows every That's awesome. Celebrity bro. That's awesome. And the songs. And I, I don't even play, you know, that much music in front of him?


In front of him. Of course he knows what I do. Of course when you ask him, well, what you wanna be, You know what he gonna tell? But I want him to, to decide he's what he wants. Yeah. I don't want him ve like, ah, come, come on. That's a good parent to do what I did. That's a good Parent, man. Is it, is his, you and his mother's still together? Yeah. Oh man, that's awesome. Yeah. That's, that's like, that's that crazy. Makes me happy, man. That's, I feel like that's, It's getting rare Now. I feel like it's getting rare. Yeah, man. Like yeah. Relationships, we were talking about this today, but like I man, relationships are just aren't lasting, Man. I was, I was grew, grew up without, You know, my father's alive and everything. I love him, all that, but it wasn't in my house, so I know that.


So I feel like, nah, I don't wanna I don't want him to go. Yeah. My my dad was in the house for me and I think, I think that actually was the problem. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Dad, I love you. I Love you. Now my dad shaped me in a, in a major way, but my parents were divorced and You know, I think now I'm, I'm like, man, I just don't want that for my kid. It's crazy. I Don't want that at all. But it's hard. It's hard though to break the cycle. It's hard, dude. You gotta, you gotta get creative because it's like, I mean, we were talking about like, when you don't have examples in your own life of good love and parenting in your home. Yeah.


You got like, you, you can try to recreate it, but like, you just do what you're, what you're programmed to do a lot of times. Of course. And so you gotta really work, work, work to break that cycle. Because I mean, I, I had the abusive, You know, like divorced parents and all that shit too. And it's like, Back in the days she changed a lot, You know? Yeah. Like back in the days it was two different, it was two different. Now it's like these kids Yeah. They have all for them, You know? Yeah. But it's part of it. I, we work for that. So I just, I just don't want him to grow up, grow up like, ah, I deserve it all and blah blah. So that's the only thing that I Got. Keep That's good man. That's good. Yeah.


No, it's, it's your, your awareness there I think is like a good start. Because Remember I was like, ah, I want this kid, I want give. Yeah, of course. So that's, I think like, that's a big error, Bro. Yeah, no, for Sure. And, and you know, raising a kid who kind of, you know, is grown up with the lifestyle, it's, you gotta keep him humble somehow. And I I I, he's with me right now in this, but, 'cause he's a big fan of you, but I don't take him out of his world. I go to his world. He don't go to, he don't go to 58. Nah. Hey, tell me the story about the Black Panther in your neighborhood when you were younger. The Black Panther bro Is, it was crazy. It was like a, like a myth. Every, everybody knows that that guy had like a couple of them, but when things went, So some guy in, in your neighborhood actually had Came Kato, Puerto Rico.


There's one of, of the gym that I'm, I'm like doing refurbishing. Yeah. Over there. It was like, for me it's the most iconic gym in, in PCAs. You know, that's where I always, I was grew up near that gym, so it was like a dream for me. But in that area, when things get go crazy, the, the panther, You know, with Cape and everything, you talking about An actual Black Panther? Yeah. Really? Was it big? I didn't saw it like Yeah. Yeah. It, it was, but everybody is a legend. Yeah. And, and people, like, people that knew, they can tell you that. It was crazy.


We had, we had something like that in my neighborhood too. It wasn't a legend, It was real. No, it was a real Black panther running around the neighborhood. Yeah. What did you have in your neighborhood? We had a, we had, it's like one of the only ones on earth. We had a albino squirrel. Yeah. Yeah, Bro. This thing was whites snow, bro. It was the craziest thing ever. Dude. That's crazy. Yeah. Vinyl story. Me though is like, there were, back in the days, that was like a thing, like to have animals that people can have like pets. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But normally that's like in the Middle East Tigers and back In the days, like they were king pigs in PR that had a, like that bro. Crazy. That's insane. Legend. The og. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's a few animals on this island that are like the, the origins can't be explained super easily.


Like I know there's like monkeys on some part on a part of the island. Right. And there's like, Oh, we've seen a spider today. That didn't look like explained either, but I think was That was a big spider. Yeah. Big Ass. You know, Australian Spiderman, Bro. Yeah. I don't think, I think it might've been brought in by someone. And Did you say there's deer in Cita? There are deer in Cita for Sure, because they like swam across the ocean. Have no clue how they got, dude, that's crazy. Pil. They went on a pilgrimage, could've Took a boat, a raft. Like who's, who's smuggling these animals? The Black Panther guy. It's just, Just got a farm of different animals And there's, there's, You know, people that, that collect let's let's say snakes and all that. Yeah. Yeah. Puerto Rico's crazy right now with alligators and everything all around. You gotta be careful.


You gotta be aware of Everything everywhere. The snakes too. There's a big snake here. I think it's a, I think it's a, I think it's a reticulated python. If I'm Not that articulated, not mistaken. That one. Yeah. Coyote Peterson got me on my snake game. I don't play with that shit, bro. You can keep it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Facts. How often are you like going out and about in Puerto Rico? Like, It depends, bro. I don't, I don't let, I don't like to go like, ah, let's go out for going out. Like when it's the, a good occasion, let's go out and celebrate. Break out. Yeah. But let's pop out like, like they say. But I'm not always, I like to create my, You know, out like my, my club.


Yeah. Outside, like, let's say we take home and we do a party and, but with my people, I don't like to go out like that. But when it's time to go, I can go everywhere. And you celebrate. Yeah. Like what do you, what what, what will get you to celebrate these days? Like, what is a win? Let's say when I finish, when I, I felt like I accomplished something or I make like, something that I, I wanted, I just, I, I just don't celebrate it like that loud. 'cause that makes other people, You know, in Puerto Rico it's different how you play it. Can you explain that a little bit? I'm, I'm not, like, in Puerto Rico you can ve like that loud, you know, there's a lot of NB in P so Yeah.


You gotta, You know, gotta know how to, how to move. That's so interesting, man. Because like, I think we, I think I've realized this recently is like when you're on the come up, You know, and you're grinding hard, people are rooting for you. Yeah. You know everybody. They want you. Yeah. They want, they, they like, they're, they're, they're, they want you to succeed. And then when you succeed, they're, I feel it comes a point where it's actually like diminishing returns where it's actually like, wait a second. It's like, ah, he just made it. Who's the next one? Yeah. It's in Puerto Rico's like that. Like, and it's a process that you gotta enjoy it. I, I see. Then you got, you just gotta be able to, how you say it? Like, you already make it, but you gotta be, how you say relevant?


Oh, stay relevant. It's not, I'm not, I'm not like, ah, you just want, you wanna be the, the No, no, no. I just wanna keep staying in the game and, and do my thing, you know? Well, another thing about it is like with people in general, not even just in the industry, but always like, when people feel like you have a, a ton of momentum and you're going up, going up, going up and they can't, they can't do it themselves. The easiest way to level the score is to pull you down. Yeah. That's just, that's just how people are out there. It's A sad, You know what I'm saying? It's like a sad thing. So like when you go out and you celebrate and you do all this stuff and they see all that stuff, it just, like you said, it just makes people mad, envious. And then, then they want to come up with ways to, they call it in New York, they used to call it like quiet, like quiet money.


Like you want quiet money, you make money, you celebrate your successes quietly. People know, everybody knows, You know, but you, you can ve like showing, showing up, like, like that you, you can ve like a show off. You gotta ve like, I'm from them, You know? They make me. So it's like that. I'm, but I'm, I don't like to get burned like that. Like chill. I'm work, I'm keep, keep creating. Is it, this is your home base right now? Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico, yeah. Yeah. Always. You think it'll be always For now, bro, I just, just want to live where in, in pr I can go everywhere and, and live like a couple months. But I, I feel like the magic for me is in, in my island.


Where do you go? Where do you like to go? To go in the States? The states, of course New York is like my main inspiration in, in the states. Miami, you know, the Miami is like, for working and, and to go crazy. Miami is the best place. But LA too, I like to work too over there. I, I go like that Miami, LA, and New York. That little Triangle. Yeah. Little, little triangle thing. It's my race course. I just live on that circuit, dude. Just go like this all the time. Does. Hey, what do your parents think about your success? It's crazy. I, it's like they still look at me as like the son, but yeah, but they're like, they get like, damn how you, how you deal with him. Like n nah, stay calm.


I, I don't, I don't like to tell him all the things that I suffer or, or the process that've been. I just show 'em like, I'm, I'm good. You know how how you are with, with your parents is like, you won't tell 'em, wow, this is bad. This is, yeah. So they just see the success. I don't like to Yeah. Keep It high level. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't like to mix that. Well, Man, I gotta start doing that more. You, you're in the weeds With Robin. I mean, bro. What you talking about? I call her every day. I'm like, oh man, dude, I don't like to, I know I should because they worry. Yeah, bro. I, I always got some shots. I whoop. Even, even when, when I was broke as fuck, like, yeah, like hustling, like back in the day, I'm, I'm, I was like, I'm good, I'm Good, I'm good, I'm good.


Yeah. You know, we good. But it's part of, part of it. You know, You got, you got any shit that you do deal with that you just don't talk about, like any, any demons stuff. Would you talk about it now On the live, we're all friends here. Like, anything, like any hardships in your life that like you've come across that, You know, you use as inspiration now or used to inspire other people? Any, like I Got, I Got like a lot, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm a human of course, but it's like, it's like that, like motivation. Let's say I lost like a friend that I love a lot, but it's, that's why I, I deal with people like the sports coming up. I like to, to put my, to help from my side of sand.


Yeah. Like when I see that, 'cause it's like stay focused. I don't want the youth like to go Puerto Rico's crazy world. So I, I know it. That's my responsibility. Just talk, talking to the kids, tell 'em to stay on the right track and stuff like that. Yeah. Because let's say they, they see us, right? Like smoking, they're practicing. We are with for track and everything, change, smoking, blah, blah, blah. And they like, nah, sweat, I'm not gonna practice. Look, look Mike, look, look, look Mike. So they wanna, yeah, they will, they will say, I'm not gonna focus, look this or even in school he's saying to me to study. But look, he's smoking too.


So I just pick him. Like that's what I'm, I'm trying to help you. You do whatever. You just take my advice if you want to, You know. Yeah. You're, you're, you're a good role model dude. You're A good role model. I don't wanna be a role model because Yeah, well you are bro. You are like I, me either, you know, fuck me. Me either, but like, that's just the position that you end up being in. And you do, you do have to be a little particular sometimes with what you do and how you move. Because as you stated about your son, young people especially Will, will emulate what you're doing. Everything. They'll, they'll, they'll pick up on tiny little Things, good and bad. Yeah. Yeah. And who know and who knows what the smallest little thing, what kind of ripple effect that'll have on someone's life, You know?


Yeah. I've, I've had like, just like, man, tiny things in my life that I've seen that like changed my, my whole outlook as a, as a teenager. Mostly positive for me. 'cause I, I, I had, I had, I was all right. But yeah, I think, I think, I think any, anything positive, especially for young people, man. That's why I'm, I'm, I'm glad you, you brought your kid here. It's cool to meet him. Is it Is, it Is. It is. Good man. 'cause it can be so, so impactful Now. He, he, he will be talking about this. I I haven't even hit him with a pulverizer yet, bro. Just wait Till yo bro. He, he, he, I want you to do that. 'cause he gonna, we gonna fight with you. Should we bring him on?


Nah, nah, nah, nah. He's Low key, bro. Yeah. I wanted to ask you quickly too about working with Benny Blanco. Benny Blanco is crazy, bro. I was in, in the studio. No respect for him. But he, he's like, he's too calm. He's, he's like a different vibe. And when I saw him like, You know everybody, oh, Benny Blanco, you gonna work with him? I'm like, damn, I gotta go with my a one game. And he just showed me like the, that beat he played the first, the first beat that he played. It was like one, one thing that I Got. If, if I, if I like what they playing, don't play anything else, anything else till I make a listen, like a guidance for it.


And when, when we went in, we make three records, bro. Like, straight up. I'm like, damn, he got, he got like a different sound and he knows what, why he do it. But he, you gotta like go with his, his lead like what we doing. Okay. 'cause he knows he's, he's, you can tell he's like a little crazy, but he knows what he doing. I mean, he's one of the go like best songwriters in the history of music. Right. He's still so Young. Was he wearing shoes? Was he barefoot? Yeah, He was wearing like sandals, like sandals but was a, a shoe sandal and Oh, they crowling Crocs? Yeah. With without, with this like, Crocs crazy.


I'm like, but the vibe, the, the clothing that he has, like, yo, he told me that he, he, I, I don't wanna speak about that, but he told me crazy shit, bro. I'm Sure he did. He says some wild shit. Some crazy things have come out of that guy's mouth. Especially on that show, Dave. Yeah, man, it just, I've just, it's he's, he's very, he's very funny. Have you seen the clip of him, him and Andrew Santino just like talking about how ugly each other were. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I saw That recently. He is crazy, bro. He go, he come, come up. We shit that you like yo. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah, for Sure. Well there's a reason why he gets Jed. I mean, I guess could be 'cause of his looks. Yeah. Oh, it's definitely 'cause of his looks. Yeah. But I would say it's maybe a mix of that.


No, No. 99% looks. Yeah bro. Girls date Benny Blanco because he's ex he's look at the guy like he's That curly hair. Yeah. Dreamy as fuck. Yeah. And he's funny Benny, he he's so funny. Wake up. He's Hilarious. He's so funny. He's so funny. He goes out, I'll see him out every once in while he'll go out. No way. Yeah, you Should. He's Make a record. Make a record with me. Access. I'm Sure you in Vegas one night. I'm sure even he could make you sound good. It's impossible. It's physically impossible. Well it was, it was, it was like a dope experience to make, make music with him, bro. It was in a Yeah. And it worked too. Alo studio in, in la. Yeah. Crazy. You crazy, crazy vibe. You got any guilty? You got any guilty pleasure music that you listen to that you never told like that nobody knows about?


Like, you listen to, to like Mariah Carey Or country music or something? Yeah, Guilty pleasure. Let's say me Espresso, Sabrina Carpenter. I know all all of the names. You, you, you mentioned. But I, yo bro, I, I just listen to everything. But what I really like to listen is them bow from dr. Like, to get turned up. Like I play the bow. I and I I love that general bro. Damn. Whoa. When you, when you want a party like play, tell the da play some them bow just to feel like everybody, you don't even have to understand what they say. You're gonna dance sick, bro. It's crazy. I don't, I don't do much partying anymore, Man.


Yo, you gotta, Nah, nah, nah. I haven't seen him up past like Were you 30, bro? 11. 1130, bro. Max. He went to bed at eight 30 last night, bro. I was Trying not that. No, it was, it was, it was like nine or so. Nah, 9, 9 57. I was trying to watch a movie last night and I tried to start it at like eight 30. They were like, nah, too late. Nah, but he, he, he knows what he doing. You focused but enjoy, bro. You 30. Yeah, you're right. Nah, he's coach You in Puerto Rico. Fuck that. But he didn't even my wife, I thought my wife. That's what you said, Mike to Bay. Mike Tower said we're in Puerto Rico going to 58 tonight day. Yeah. You go out, Let make him figure it out. Go out. Yeah. And you gotta do things from, from Puerto Rico. You gotta go to to, to UA and eat like puertorican food and people gotta Yeah.


Gotta see you out. What's What It called telling you the drunk food. I'm down, Go out, I'm down. Let's Go And, and to the concerts of music from here. You gotta pop out. Yeah, I went to, I went to, I went to, I went to one, I went to Bad Bunny's concert. It was great. You did? Yeah. Oh yeah, I did. Did you? How come you didn't meet up with him backstage? I was actually, I was actually like right next to him when he walked out. I Got a Polaroid of him walking out. You got everything was cool. No, Well no, he was in the zone. You know, that's a worldwide superstar, You Know. Yeah. It's different. It's different when, when, when it is the concert Is it is different. I'm just trying to, I don't know. I don't, I don't want to interfere with that. Yeah, but who sorry, Derail who winning The, who winning a WWE match.


You were bad. You were bad bunny. Oh God. You saw you were A bad bunny. You're Asking me? Yeah. Come on bro. Stop. What he bad bunny? Bad Bunny is a global music superstar. I think he, I think he'll, I think he'll slam you. I'm Stop, stop. Mike, stop. Yes. His entrance in Puerto Rican backlash shows. What are the greatest entrances in WW history? I don't know if you saw it, but I saw, I saw it and he could wrestle that guy. That guy could wrestle. But come on. This is my full-time job, bro. What? Saying Bro, you never know. You gotta make that happen. Imagine if they faced off, dude, Come on bro. Make that happen. Come on bro. I wrestle wrestlers.


I'm I'm gonna just, I'm gonna put it like that bro. Wrestle wrestlers. Yo, But he, he was training for an facts Bro. He does wrestle. Okay. Triple H make it happen. Alright? Yeah, bro. I'm gonna get out there. 'cause No, I went to Agua. I A Yeah, I saw UFOs, dude, I swear to God, I swear to God. I saw UFOs. What? I saw them. You Saw What? Aliens? UFOs. Aliens. Unidentified flying actors. You Believe in aliens? I believe them. I saw, I saw 'em with my eyes. But what, what you you saw aliens or you saw I saw, I saw Well they were, well they were lights. They were lights in a distance. That didn't make sense the way they were traveling.


Were you on? And, and I heard in that part of the island in particular, the west side of this island, AGU help. Agu. Agu. Yeah, I like that. Agu. Agu because You, you imagining how we spell? You gotta say I'm a, A fucking gringo bro. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. There We get roasted bro. It's gonna be on Puerto Rican, Reddit. But why'd you, what do you do? You Saw him there. There's it's a hotspot. It's a UFO hotspot. Like I'm not the only one who came back. But isn't there a military base? Yes. Near there too. That's, that's so could have just been u us planes. No, because it's shut down. In fact, no, no.


Pedestrians can go to that particular island. They shut it down. And I saw the lights going up into the left. Up into the left. Same spot. Elon Musk, SpaceX. No, No. When, What? This is insane. I'm just, I'm ready for the aliens to come. Are you Come? I, I, if you ask me, I think they're all over the place whenever, wherever you go, you know, Saying you're Probably right. You think they're among us? Like they're in the infiltrating the, I don't know hope. I I I know they is six, but I never had that. You think the earth is flat? Nah. Yeah. That's weird, right? Yeah, dude, We could be all day talking about that shit. A hundred percent.


Do you like, do you like conspiracy theories? I don't, you know, I listen to whatever people say, but I don't, that's too deep. I don't listen. Just leave it dude. I go on Twitter, I leave Twitter dumber every single day. I go on Twitter for like five minutes and they're like, dude, you, you Kanye dropped a new Hitler song. I'm like, I don't care. What am I supposed to do with this information, bro? Yeah, Everybody trying to, trying to look something like No, it's all just for clicks and views. It's not even, none of it's real though. That's, that's why we gotta watch what our kids are consuming, man. Yeah. It's getting weird. It's getting weird. And by the time our children grow up, The world is gonna be damn near unrecognizable.


Crazy, Crazy, man. I think instead of giving these kids iPads, you gotta flip the script early and give them a camera. Yeah. And have them, instead of consuming content they should be creating to help pay for their food. Ooh. Because bro, that's a applesauce costs money, bro. Like all this food costs money. Pay for your own food early, bro. If you gave that kid, if you gave that kid a G seven X right now, bro, and he's flipped it, he would crush it. I could tell already. Yeah. He'd have girls watching it. Like everything, Bro. But that's, that's the other thing that everybody wants to do. Like create content Creator. Yeah. Crazy. It's a new world, Bro. You watch any of the streamers? I, I watch, you know, You know Aiden Ross is Of Course. Yeah. Yeah. I I know all of them.


And, and if I don't know him, the little one put me on bro. Crazy. I don that's why I'm Like, he better not know who Aiden Ross is. He knows. That's crazy. If he see him, like he gonna say he's YouTuber something he knows bro. Well He knows. Speed. Speed. You know, speed. Speed and, And Kai. Yeah, he knows him. Yeah. Crazy bro. Alright, well bro, let me go hit a pulverizer on your son. Let's do it. Let's do it. Call it bro. And Thank you for having me here. Thanks for coming on, Dude, bro. Anything you need in the island, I appreciate that man. Just me up. I'm done bro. Thank You bro. Thank you. I appreciate That. I, I bet you Puerto Rico and if you go out and show him like I love the island, they gonna love you back bro.


Okay. Puerto Rico Is, it is a dope place. I know, bro. I appreciate you saying that. We'll hit you up for some stuff. We have some, some ideas for stuff. Hey, whenever you wanna come to, to Quintana or CDO or to the gym or whatever you that, that's your house too Sick. Welcome. Alright, Mike Towers, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Thank you for joining us, brother. Hey, hit that. Subscribe. Subscribe. Thanks for watching this episode from Paul. We'll see you next time. Peace.