
The most prolific manager, Paul Hames. I love when I see you getting picked up and slammed through the table. Well, why I did it is because that's what the story needed. What About you ad-libbing? John seen his theme song Because I went up to John and I said, my retorts a little unconventional. And he says, he goes, I'll react to it naturally out there. I said, you sure you don't want to know this? You can't see me, and I can't hear you right now. That's amazing. And he Walked away. My version of you deserve it is, you still suck. I love when they say that. Yes. And I do. I do suck. And, and well, from what I understand, you know, What did you do to look that disheveled Didn't shave for several days. Didn't wash my hair for several days. Like I wanted to walk in when people going like, yo, come here Vanessa.


And then you ended up being with a Young Undertaker, young Steve Austin. Yes, Mick Foley. Anybody that follows this industry knows that I am the goat and that it should be acknowledged and accepted and respected and worshiped. What's going on right now? What's Going on? How you doing? How you doing? How You doing? How you doing, Paul? What's up? Well, hey, how are you? What's up? What's up Paul? Definitely From New York. How's it hanging? No, I can't say that on this podcast. Nah, nah. Why? Jesse can't, can't this guy. You can't say That. You can't. You can't. You can't say How's it hanging? I would prefer to use different verbiage.


Are we going conservative? No. Are we rolling? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. I'm saying, scratching my fucking eye. What's Going on with your eye? I don't know what is going on with my eye. I didn't know. We're rolling. Can we start over? No, No, no, no, no, no, no. You gotta understand we're just gonna roll. Yeah. Because you have to understand this is the chill nature of this show. We, I'll Tell you what, pretend these cameras aren't here, But so why'd you tell me to open with, how's it hanging? No, I, You said, listen, when no matter what, when we start rolling, please say, how's It hanging? I could. I can carry, carry. That's How I wanna start the podcast. You said that We can, and I was like, you really want me to say that? It's such a vulgar term. And you said, yeah. Fuck. Anybody that doesn't want me, that wants want you to say it, just go ahead and say it. You know, because when I go s to say, how's it hanging?


Let's start over. We're gonna have to, Well, then She FaceTimed me twice the other day. 4:00 AM Well then maybe we should start over in 3, 2, 1, and Begin. Welcome back to Impulsive, the number one podcast in The world. Ladies and GENTLEMEN, Thank you for listening, watching, viewing, subscribing. If you're not any one of those, hit that subscribe button. Guys. We have the most prolific manager in sports entertainment, one of the best storytellers of all time. And the man who is probably the most knowledgeable in terms of wrestling in the history of The world. Ladies and GENTLEMEN, his name is Paul Hammond. Yes. Thanks. Thanks, you. Thank you.


And Thank you for not saying it along with him and ruining my own shtick when I do it live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Widely regarded as one of the greatest managers and creative minds in the history. A professional wrestl. I'm not flattered by that at all. What Do You not flattered byed by it. I'm No, it's the one of you're, you're, you're both in. Well, I know you are. You just had a baby. You're, you're both in committed relationships now, right? Yep. So, if your significant other wakes up next to you and says, you're one of the best lovers I've ever had, one of, Is it, Hey honey, we're spending the morning in bed. Or Is it a call to the divorce lawyer? Yeah. And one of is not, is not, is not flattering at all.


So the object is to be the greatest. What do You have to do for them to change this Wikipedia from one of the greatest to widely regarded as the greatest manager and creative mind of all time? Well, that's, if anybody takes Wikipedia seriously, and when they write one of, as their credentialed biography of Paul Haman, it immediately kills their credibility. And anybody that follows this industry knows I'm not one of anything, and that I am the goat. And that it should be acknowledged and accepted and respected and worshiped. And that, and when they read Wikipedia and it goes, one of, they simply, they go, they look at that, and I'll say it into that camera right there. They go, fuck Wikipedia.


Yeah. And if Wikipedia would like to unfuck that, fuck, then they are welcome to change that biography into what is historically accurate. Yeah, a hundred percent. You are. The goat just got inducted in the WWE Hall of Fame. Congrats. Oh, well Thank you. Yeah, for Sure. Thank you. For Sure. They'll never gave me that platform again. Yeah. You know, you, you definitely, you, you gave it your role out there. Well, I mean, if we're gonna do it in Philadelphia and, and, and that was one of the impetus, IEI imp emei is, is that The word? I don't know. I like it. Let's say emei, let's make up the word. Yep. If that's one of the emei of putting me in. Well, then, and, and, and that I told them upfront, if you want me to do this in Philly, it, it's not going to be family friendly PG Paul Haman, the wise man.


Oh, well, Thank you so very much. And I, I acknowledge my tribal chief, this is, this is, you can put me in Philly. We're, we're, we're going for it. And they were all like, yeah, that's what we want out of it. Good. Yeah. Yeah. They chant the crowd started chanting You deserve it. Which by the way, must be nice. I've never gotten that chant. But then you said, yeah, you're damn right. I fucking deserve it. Yeah, yeah. You, yeah, you fucking right. I deserve it. Yeah. And it's funny 'cause I had no idea how to open, I, IIII winged the whole speech. What do you say to people who say you aren't very humble, But I think I, I, I, I think there is a lot of the ability in, in, in what I, in, in what I offer as self presentation. I, I, I, but I, I also, I have a lot of self-awareness and I'm, I understand the, I don't know if the enormity is the right word, but I, I, I, I, I understand the legitimacy of my body at work, and I understand the opportunities that I've had and, and, and, and, and, and the blessings I've had, and I've been able to exploit.


But I mean, You know, I I, I learned about humility this way. When, when, when I was seven years old in 1973. Oh, way, way back then. Willie Mays came back to New York to play one more season for the New York Mets. 'cause he had started his career with the Giants who were then in New York. And my father said, come on, take you to Shea Stadium. We'll, we'll go watch it. We'll go watch Willie Mays play. You gotta see this guy. He, he seamless. He makes it look so easy. And it was a great game. And the Mets won. And it was a big celebration. We get in the car and, and, and we're driving and, and I, I'll say Gate six, I don't really know what gate it was, You know? And I said, oh look, gate six, let's go over there.


And my father says, why? I said, well, that, that's where the ball players come out. They get on the buses there and well, let's, let's go, let's go say hi to the, he says, they're done, they've done their job. They, they, they, they, they've applied their trade. They're going home Now. I still, we get to wave. And he goes, why, why would you, why would you give a shit? I said, 'cause they're the ballplayers. And he stops the car and he pulls up because he had a stick shift. And he pull up the emergency break and he says, lemme explain this to you. They're the same as everybody else, doctor, lawyer, garbage, man. Back then, they were toll collectors, You know, at the Bridges toll collector telephone operator, school teacher guy at the deli who, who cuts your meat.


He says, these guys just happen to do what they do in public. He says it at home. They got, they got someone else bitching at them. They got kids that don't listen to them. They got dogs that are gonna bite the neighbor. He says, and when they go to the bathroom, he says, and they wipe their ass, their fingers gonna go through the toilet paper and get shit on it. Just like you and I get just like everyone else. He says, so, he says, so stop looking at them like they're different than anybody else. 'cause they're not. And I just never looked at celebrity the same way. So I have no problem expressing my belief in what I've done with my life and, and, and, and, and, and the accomplishments I've been a part of.


But at the same time, I also realize I'm just like everybody else. My finger slips through the toilet of paper and I get shit on it sometimes. Yeah. So I, I don't like, like I, I, I take the work seriously, but I never take myself seriously. So, So you said a phrase there that I liked, you said legitimacy of your body of work. And I, I actually wanna talk about that for a second because Paul, like, now that I'm in the wrestling business, I understand like how, how, how prolific that body of work you describe is. And I see it, and I see your brilliance every Friday or Monday when I come to Raw or SmackDown. Thank you. But as, as an outsider, I'm not, I'm not sure.


I'm not sure they would really understand the quote unquote legitimacy of your body of work. You know, the, the, the 40 plus years that you've been working in the wrestling business to make it what is now like the WWE like a four or five, $6 billion company. Like, you're, you're, you're at the helm of the few creative minds that are driving the stories and the glue behind what's making the conglomerate. So great. And so I guess my question is, for an outsider, how would you describe what's going on with Paul Hayman? Well, and, and this is where the humility would kick in. I really don't know how I would describe it or if I'd even be inclined to describe it, be because I, you know, there, there's a part of me that says, in terms of the public, I only care about what they see within the character.


Hmm. And, and, and, and, and how I support the presentation of, of the stories that circle around the tribal Chief Roman Reigns. And, and if I'm solely judged by that in, in terms of the public, then that's fine with me. What I get to do, which is a, an equal passion, You know, a a totally an equal passion. What I get to do backstage in working with anybody, you, broun breaker, re Ripley, Damien, priest, Gunther, Cody Rhodes, CM Punk, you name it, You know, just, and, and, and, and, and, and, and people who don't have the benefit of 40 years within the industry.


And just saying like literal, like, like, here's a simple thing you said before. No one has chanted it. You, you deserve it. Now, having seen how hard you worked to, to get into the ring with Roman Reigns and how, and, and, and, and the, the elevation of your understanding of this industry in getting into the ring with Roman Reigns, because you could have made the biggest star in the entire industry, especially at that moment, let alone now not look as good if you weren't the proper dance partner.


Mm. He, he just, if if the rhythm is off the match doesn't come across as great, and he can sit there and do this to you all day long. But it's not an interesting match. You know, if we, You know, we, we kept building up to that one lucky punch, that one lucky punch, that one lucky punch. And if you threw the punch like this, holy shit, You know, I mean, it, it would've been terrible for all of us. Mm. And having witnessed how much you deserve it, my first thing that I would say to you, if we're sitting in that little cubby hole I've created for myself now in Gorilla Yeah. Is then, You know, you're doing your job, right? Yeah. Because if they start to appreciate what you do, if they start to appreciate how good you are, if they start to appreciate what you do bring to the table, then you are not presenting yourself as a villain in a great enough fashion that they're ignoring all that it takes for you to be that villain.


Mm. And you're presenting yourself as one of the truly hateable villains in this industry to such a degree that they ignore what it takes for you to be you. Mm. That's a compliment to you. That's a compliment to your body of work right Now. I would never look for that. I, in fact, as a villain, as a heel, if I'm out there and, and I'm in the middle of just, just driving that point home and they go, you deserve it. I'd be like, mother, I'm, I'm gonna do everything I can to, to, to just, to just get on that person's nerves. My version of you deserve it is, you still suck. Yes.


I love when they say that. Yes. Mean, But I do, I do suck. And, and, and well, from what I understand, You know, we've All seen the Twitter video A couple. It's, it's, but I mean, if you're standing there and you go like this and they're booing you out of the building before you ever say a word that's high praise. So, so Paul, Now I understand that, but I guess this like gap I'm trying to bridge because I come from the outside world, and now that I'm in it, I understand it. And when I was outside, I didn't, the, the, the casual sports fan, I don't think understands WWE EI mean, You know, what they say about it. Right? And it's, 'cause it's, John Cena told me it's, he goes, if someone like insults wrestling or, or, or calls it fake it, it tells me you just don't, you don't know anything about, about the business and about the magic of the stories we're telling here.


Right. And, and, and this sport of it all. And so I guess I'm trying to, I I'm, I'm trying to like, weave the worlds. And I believe, especially in this new Netflix era, I think we're headed towards a more, maybe, hopefully global understanding of what our business is. Do you think, do you think that is true? And do you think we're headed in that direction? Well, I mean, we're on the number one streaming service in The world that is available all over The world. And when Elon Musk, colonizes Mars, I'm sure the very first platform that's gonna be available other than X is going to be Netflix. Yeah. In, in, in, in that capacity. At this moment, I've never worried about people that are not into what we do.


I I, I, I don't spend my time trying to persuade them, let alone convince them. No, no. Really, you should give us a chance. You should see what we do. Really? You should see No, no. I try to supers serve those who are into us. Okay. I'm the exact, I'm the exact opposite. Well, Yeah. But that's because you're an expansionist. I see. You're an expansionist. You're looking to expand the audience. And while I'm always looking to expand the audience, I'm also looking to expand the audience while keeping those that we have. Sure. Because the people that we, if, if you have a, a, a super satisfied fan base, they're going to bring other people in organically. Yeah. So I don't need to audition for those who, You know, someone comes to me and goes, oh man, you, you, you shit sucks.


Cool. Thank you very much. Go fuck yourself. You know? But, but if someone sits there and goes, You know, IIII don't watch it. Cool. Maybe you should. Yeah. Yeah. My, my girlfriend or my boyfriend, or my friend, or my uncle or my grandfather Yeah. Always talks about it. Well, check us out. Yeah. You know, it's, it's the word of mouth thing. And now that we're, You know, everywhere we've gone in the past month, I say, how, how, how's, how's the house? How's the gate? We're sold out. What did we do? Million, 3 million, two million one million four. We've been selling out everywhere. Yeah. We, I mean, we, we sold out Madison Square. I don't know if we sold out the garden, but I know the garden was 1,000,003. I know Chicago was well over a million at tv. I know Houston was over a million. Yeah, I know. The last TV was over a million.


I know Phoenix was over a million. I know last night was way over a million. So it, it, I know business is great. And then, then when we go overseas, it's, it's even Yeah. Bigger. 'cause it's all these stadiums and everything else. You go to Saudi, you realize, oh my God, how big, how big this is. I'm not, You know, would I, could we fill two stadiums in Saudi? Yeah. Well, weren't I know We can in France, my god. Yeah. What an audience to play for. So I would love to be able to expand that. But right now, if we just keep the people we have and let them tell their friends and their, and, and, and, and their brothers and sisters and, and uncles and aunts and grandfathers and grandsons and everybody else.


Yep. Fair. Well, it seems, it seems like that's always been the play with WWE. I think short of, maybe you could compete with a a, a Disney in terms of the best purveyors of product to the already existing audience. I mean, the WWE e does it better than anyone. And so as you look at this new product and this Netflix push, maybe guide a somebody on the outside, like myself, through the idea of why you would wanna move away from a system that had been already working for decades and decades, and providing the already existing audience in exchange for this more outreach event, which is Netflix and, and the ability to reach new eyeballs.


Yes. To everything you just said. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a, it's a twisted morality play. It's, and, and, and, and it's a twisted morality play that is presented to the audience in, in, in a, in an avant-garde performance art that so many people try to master. And at the end of the day, they realize when they try just how difficult this is. I've been around the business for 40 years. I couldn't drop an elbow or, or off a top rope or do a moon salt for the life of rope. And I've been around so many people that can just say, let me teach you just how to twist your body around.


And I'm like, I can't do it. And even if I could, I don't know if I'd have the balls to do it. 'cause these guys are up and down a hundred times during a match. And, and every one of those bumps is life threatening. First bump I ever took in his business, bam, bam. Biglow took me down to the monster factory, which was a, a big school still is, by the way, in, in props to them. Shout out to them, please send me a percentage of any new signups for this week in New Jersey. And he says, well, let me teach you. It's called The Hard Way. So when a manager's on the top rope, and he holds the top rope, like he's yelling at the referee, and the guy comes over, pushes the ropes in, pulls, the manager and manager comes in like this.


Mm. And I pushed the rope, pulled it in, I go up, I come down right on my forehead, knock myself out, actually, first bump. Oh yeah. I Knocked Myself Out first bump. Oh, oh. Like smelling salts the whole deal. Oh shit. Oh, yeah. Out, out. I'm like, did I break my neck? And they go, Nope. We don't know how you didn't. So I decided, well, I ain't gonna do that anymore. So I end up as a manager in, in, in my first match. And, and, and the, on the other side is afa, the Wild Samoan, who was the uncle of Roman Reigns, and who, who had, who was Roman Reigns, even born Roman Reigns was born, oh my God. He wasn't even born yet. And then, and Rodney Wai, who was at the time known as kina, and later on became Yoko Zuna.


And this was when he was only 350 pounds and moving lightning fast. And we're in the back and office says he's called. If he liked, you'd called your son. He said, son, you want to take a bump in his mind? I was like, yeah, pops, whatever, whatever you want. And he says, wanna do a backdrop? I like, yes, pops, I'll do a backdrop. You know how to take one. Yes. Pops, I know to take, didn't know how to take one. And and he says, he goes, okay, don't boost. We'll place you. Okay, pops. Of course, I'm sitting there going, I'm gonna take the best backdrop in the history. The universe won't be one of the best backdrops. It'll be the greatest backdrop the business has ever seen. And he throws me to the ropes, and I come off the ropes and they go, and I boost and I go way up in the air, and my feet hit the top rope, and he goes, bam.


Right in the back of my head and knock myself out again. Again. And I wake up and he's slapping me like this son, wake up son. Wake up, son. I'm like, oh, where am I? He goes in the middle of the ring, I told you not to boost, son, don't boost. Don't boost. Pops don't boost. And he's just slapping a piss outta me, waking me up. So first two bumps I took in his business, I learned real fast. Yeah. Man, it's dangerous. This is, this is, you, you, you can break your neck. You can, you can lose your life in this business just like that. So I have infinite respect for those, let alone someone from the outside who comes in. But for those who ply their trade in this business at a hundred times a night, up and down, up and down, up and down, because 1, 1, 1, 1 micro, one micro into the wrong direction.


You're screwed. You're screwed for life. If you have a life. It's dangerous business. Dangerous business. I also learned that really fast. It, it's my favorite to watch. Like the celebrities come in and, and You know, they kind of like are inspecting the ring when we're all like there doing our thing. They're coming over and then they inspect the outside of the ring and they hit it. And every time the reaction is the exact same. They turn to me, they go, yo, this is hard. I, I thought this was like bouncy. I'm, I'm like, no, man, y'all have no idea. I've been through everything that you're thinking. I understand personally, Paul, for me, your commitment to this industry is partially indicated by the bumps that you're willing to take.


I love when I see you getting picked up by Sola koa and slammed through the table. But I have to know what makes you still want to commit like that. And also what's going through your mind as, you know, like, You know, you're about to get slammed through a table and you're not, you're not an athlete. You're not an athlete. I'm way outta shape. I'm 59 years old. And I, and I love every single solitary micro moment of it. It's, it, it's, it's, it's what the storyline needed. And my commitment is to the storyline. And, and that, that goes back to what you were saying just before about behind the scenes. You know, we, we have a collaborative effort behind the scenes, You know, and, and, and, but beforehand it was, it was Vince McMahon driving the creative, and now it's Paul Leve driving the creative.


And Paul's a lot different than Vince and Paul's. Paul, Paul's a collaborator. So there's a lot of collaborators around, which means that he's a lot more open to, to ideas and, and especially long term ideas. So when I get to work, You know, with a talent whi which, which, and I, and I'm, I, it's such a blessing in my life because I love working with talent. I love being able to look at a talent and say, let me tell you where you're gonna be in a year. Let me tell you what your understanding of this industry's gonna be in a year. And, and, and, and, and, and helping them find the greatness that's inside them that they don't understand that they have.


You know, it's like, I, I remember once I, I I, we crossed paths in Gorilla, You know, the, the follow that motherfucker, you know, moment, you know, bro, you know. Oh, that was horrible. I was like, what? Yeah. How? Yeah. But, but you, but you can, but you can. Yeah. And, and just knowing you now, and I knew you then I like when I just go follow that motherfucker and you're just like, you're like, huh. You know, and, and, and, but I, I know that you can. Yeah. You know, and, and, and I wanted you to go out there with determination of like, okay, bitch, I will. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. And I, and I did and I will, but it's just like, I'm still so new.


Yeah. But, but You're the greatest. But, but, but, but that's the point. You go, you go, You know, come here, come here. I'm like, he's gonna tell me something. So some like magic words of wisdom before my match. And you go follow that motherfucker. I'm like, But, but those were the magic Worked wisdom it and it worked. Yeah. 'cause it motivated you. It worked. You have it inside. You know, I sit with a bra breaker and bra breaker looks at me and he goes, you know, well this is the type of thing I'm gonna, I'm like, man, you got no idea how great you are. You got no idea of the greatness that lives inside you. That just hasn't matured enough that your brain tells you, I Got that. No matter Rick flare's very interesting to me. 'cause I've known Rick for, for however many hundreds of years.


And Rick and I will always end up, if we're talking about the art of the performance in the same argument, Rick Flair will always say to this moment, to this day, the day that I'm nervous walking through the curtain, I'm sorry, my, my apologies. The day that I'm not nervous walking through the curtain, I won't go through the curtain. I know that's the day I'm done. Mm. And to me, it's exactly the opposite. No way. The day that I'm nervous walking through that curtain, no matter what's going on, is the day, is the day. I know I'm finished. I'm more comfortable out there than I am doing this Podcast. We, we talked about that last night at dinner. We were talking about last night, the idea of a, an actor who has these insecurities, potential in real life or self-esteem issues, confidence issues, whatever.


Not saying that you do, but for some of these people, they do. As soon as they get the opportunity to turn into a character and be someone other than themselves, they, the way the audience reacts to that caricature no longer matters to them. They, they, they, they can take any booze, hits, laughs, whatever. And it doesn't affect 'em the way that it does affect them in real life. Do you? A a hundred percent. It's, yeah. Again, this goes back to humility. I know what a schmuck I am. I I know. I, I I know, I know I'm a schmuck. I know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just a guy to that, that, that got through life. Never having to have a real job. And that, that, that, that's been my goal since I was a kid. I just, that, That, that's not true.


You've never had a normal job, but your job is very real. You guys work your asses off. You, you gotta talk also about how you got in there too. 'cause I read a little bit about, about It before, before we get into it. Okay. Then the word normal applies here. I've never had a normal job, You know? Yeah. Like, I don't consider the, I I I, I don't consider the chairman of the board of Disney to be a real job. It's, it's like you're in the entertainment business. Okay? This is all like, but, but, but the word normal is a BA better adjective for it. I've never had a normal job, never n never wanted one. I I've avoided it my entire life. So I, I understand what a schmuck I really am. But when, when that dude, when the wise man walks out there, You know, when I go through that curtain, if I have a cold, I don't sniffle out there. Like, like I, like I have, I have this badass eye infection.


It just heals, you know, accuracy. But when I'm out there, no Eye effect. It's gone. I, I don't feel it doesn't itch, doesn't hurt, doesn't burn. You know? And if I can use it to my advantage to, to make a tear, could, it probably would tear more. If, if there was something on the show that where I had to cry, this would've made it a lot easier. You know, I, I'll use it to my advantage. So again, out there, that guy, anything, anything for the show backstage, I, I I, I, I understand. I'm, that's what I'm one of many, You once told me that when you walk out there, you feel 10 feet tall. Oh yeah. I'm God Zillow man. I'm king gung. I'm king. Absolutely.


So that's crazy to me. 'cause like, dude, You know, it's not normal to have 20,000 eyeballs staring at you, waiting for you to mess up or do the thing dance monkey dance. Like, we're all here to watch it, like, entertain us. Like, please, that's not a normal feeling to be that person in the center of the ring. And when I first got into WWE, it was a little bit of like, like fake it till you make it. And like, like, like at least appear confident. So much. So until they believe it, and I, I Got more comfortable doing it. And now, Now I, I too feel maybe not 10 feet tall, but like 8, 8, 9 feet tall out there. But what is that thing in you that when there's all these eyeballs looking at you grows instead of a person shrinking.


Like, why is that? Because I was born to do this. Hmm. This is what I was meant to do. I I interactive music with an audience that, that then becomes a part of the band. That, that, it, it's, it's, it, it, it's the only way. I, I had, I had a, well, at least fascinating to me, probably boring to him, but I had a fascinating discussion. And unfortunately not, while the podcast was rolling with Rick Rubin, I did the Rick Rubin podcast a after two days after WrestleMania. And we did it at, at the Shangri Law Studios in Malibu. And you, You know, and you just like, like you walk in the door and, and like, there's one, this one engineer's walking out, going, see you, see you tomorrow, Rick.


Rick goes great. He goes, yeah, man, he is all tired. He was, he is up with Pearl Jam all night long doing a new album. It's like, really? Wow. Okay. There's some greatness in the air. And this, then you run down the list of people that had just played in that studio this past seven days, and now you're doing this podcast with, you know, with Rick Rubin. And I figured if anybody would understand it, it would be Rick. And it's all a rhythm to me when I'm out there. Mm. It's all music, You know, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if you, if you analyze, and I don't encourage anybody to analyze my promos, but if you analyze my promos, there's, there's a rhythm to it. Yeah. There's a music to it. E even, You know, ladies and GENTLEMEN, then there's the pause. Yeah.


You know, and then, then there's the, You know, my, You know, I bring the voice up. My name is Paul, You know, and, and, and it's just, it's the same rhythm every time. So they, they can be the chorus to saying it with me. And then as I say things, I, I hype by hype by hype. Then there's the pivot. Then, then, then we go harder, and then we take it home, and then we make them wait a second, and then we drive that last point home, which is the sale. And then boom, we're out of it. It's all music. There's all a rhythm. And, and if you can get the audience into, and, and, and I've studied like musicians that do this. Like I've stu like, like, like Bruce Springsteen, does it live in concert all the time.


Prince used to do it, and the audience did not. You know, it, it, it, it ends up being Freddie, Freddie Mercury and Live Aid. You're a conductor. Yeah. You know, ao ao ao. And it, and it's just, it, you're a conductor and, and, and, and, and you're just part of the band. You just happen to be the one that has the microphone in its hand or her hand. You know, it's all, and that's just my approach to it. But, You know, I some will also tell you it's method acting. You know, I really wanted to talk to you about this. Sure. So, again, your commitment to this is, is, is insane. And, and, and part of the method acting is being willing to take the bumps and like actually get hurt.


Like, you're risking, you're risking your physical health out there when, when you're getting slammed through a table. But one of the things that people were talking about on Twitter a moment recently was when you denied solo as your tribal chief. And when you came out for that promo, your eyes were red, unkempt beard. Paul, you looked exhausted. Yeah. And I think the people who knew the story that you were telling perceived that look as stress. Did you, what did you do to look that disheveled? And why did you do that? Well, why I did it is because that's what the story needed.


Why I did it personally is because I'm not that good of an actor. I'm not, You know, it, it's the old story, Dustin, You know, the, you know, the famous story about Dustin Hoffman, a marathon man with Lawrence Olivier. Dustin Hoffman was part in the 1970s, was one of, You know, the, the, the, the hot young independent method actors out of New York, all, all, all studying, You know, under Lee Strasberg or Stella Adler and all, You know, following the footsteps of Brando. So there was Al Pacino, and there was, there was Robert De Niro, and there was Dustin Hoffman. And, and, and, and, and, and there was Harvey Kittel. And there were all these brilliant New York actors that are coming, and they're all method actors.


And then there's Olivier, the greatest thespian of all time would do Othello on Sat, Othello, would do Shakespeare in the park, Othello in London on Saturday. And then, and then he would do a Hamlet Shakespeare in the park on Sunday and never mix up the lines. I mean, this is Olivier for crying out loud. So they do the very famous scene in the movie Marathon Man, which was directed by John Schlesinger, where Olivier plays this Nazi dentist, You know, this Nazi doctor coming to New York to get all the gold that the Nazis had stolen from the victims. And, and, and, and, and, and Dustin Hoffman, he thinks, knows something about when Olivier's gonna grab the gold, and he's, he starts to drill into his teeth.


It's a torture scene. And it's just brutal. And from 19, I mean, for 75, it's a very graphic, graphic torture scene. So Hoffman took three days off, went to studio for 54, whatever nightclub was hot at the time, did a whole bunch of cocaine, smoked as much pot as he could, took a bunch of, this is not stuff I'm recommending for anybody to follow. Worked for him though. So, and, and, and he comes in and he walks and he is like, okay, I'm ready to do my torture scene. And they're all like, oh my God, what happened to you? Yeah. And Olivier pulls him aside and goes, what, what, what, what, what, what, how unprofessional have you to show up on set this way?


And Hoffman says, we're doing a torture scene today. I don't need makeup. I haven't shaved, my eyes are bloodshot. I look like shit. Look at me. I'm a torture victim. I'm gonna play this scene. I'm gonna win all sorts of awards. And Olivia just took a step back and goes, oh, dear boy, try acting. You know, fair. And, and, and, and that's it. I'm not that good of an actor, so I have to rely on helping myself get through that scene or through the presentation so that people look and go, this dude's really stressed out, so we're going to the garden. And, and we had built this and built this and built this to where since the moment Roman Reigns lost the title at WrestleMania, solo mate has moved to become the tribal chief.


But at the garden, it all comes together. Solo had never said, acknowledge me. We waited for that. So now we get to the garden. And the first, oh, the week before is the first time he held his hand out. I had to put the mic in his hand. And I'm like, man, this is Roman stick. I I don't wanna do this. You're not the tri, You know, you shouldn't be doing this. And we, and we kept on saying by orders of the tribal chief. So we had that entry going on since the first Friday, a mania, who's the tribal chief? Well, it's obviously not Roman. Is it the rock? Yeah. Is it solo? Is someone else pulling the strings? Is Haman actually just swerving Roman? And he's the, but as solo kept just bullying me and bullying me, and I'm falling apart and I'm, and, and now I'm not dying my hair and my hair is going gray, and I'm, I'm showing up a little more unshaven every week.


And my tie's not, and, and, and, and my, and, and, and, and my, my pocket square is cook crooked, and my suits are not pressed. Oh, man, this guy's falling apart in front of every week. A little more, a little more, a little more. So at the garden, he says, acknowledge me. It's like, oh my God. He said, acknowledge me. And now he starts turning to his crew, to Tonga, step up, acknowledge me. Oh my God, Jacob Fatou acknowledge me. And as you're, and, and, and, and as you're going around, you're going, oh my God. He's going to ask the wise man to acknowledge him. This is gonna be bad for the wise man. And finally he gets to me and he says, acknowledge me. And the whole audience is like, don't acknowledge him.


Don't, especially in Madison Square Garden. Right. And, and, and he takes the step back and he goes like this. And for the first time now, he says, acknowledge me as your tribal chief. And it's like, oh my God. There's No way. Even Haman can't, can't, can't be so sick of Fanish in the moment that he's going to buy himself outta trouble. Even Haman has to have the balls to stand up to this. And then as if that's not bad enough, Jacob Fatou hands him the Alala, which I know is Romans, which is where I, which is where I wanted to start crying. Like, oh my God, where did you get this?


Now, if I had a good night's rest, I had a bunch, I had a nice meal in the morning, and I Got a little sweat going on in the afternoon, and I warmed up and I'm, I'm clean shaven, and my suit fits perfectly. And You know, you just feel right walking out there in Madison Square Garden going, yo, I'm Sinatra. You know, I feel great. That's hard to cry. Mm. But if I've been up for a, for an entire night or a night and a half, You know, or if I Got 90 minutes sleep and I intentionally woke myself up. Is that what you did? Oh, yeah. Didn't shave, didn't shave for several days. Didn't wash my hair for several days. Again, letting the grays more grow in took, I took the stuff that, You know, washes the dye outta your hair so that more gray is shown.


Like I wanted the aging process for a week to be really defined, ate like shit the whole week. Like stuff that would upset my, like, I, like I, I intentionally did eight things that I knew, like, like if, if they're spices that don't agree with you. Yeah. I hate those. Just, just, just so I, my, my skin color was off, wore no makeup, just, you know, intentionally wore a suit that didn't fit me as well. Yeah. Paul, you look like shit. Yeah. That's, that, that's exactly like, like I wanted to walk in when people going like, yo, come here a minute. This. Okay, are you good? Dude, this is, you're okay. Right. You know, this is, I wanted the whole thing of, oh dear boy, try acting.


I just, I, and, and therefore it wasn't difficult for me. Mm. So when it's time for me to say, you're not my tribal chief, and, and I'm in tears. I'm just, I'm bawling. It's easy for me. 'cause number one, I feel awful. Yeah. I just feel like crap out there. And, and, and, and yet you have the adrenaline rush knowing. 'cause You know that we, we could feel the audience was with us, and you just go like, oh my God, here we go. We got 'em, we got 'em on this. Okay. Give, give them everything I Got. Give, give them everything I Got. So gave them that knowing.


Then the next step is we're going through that table. But I had to go through the table. If, if I didn't go through the table, if, if they don't abuse me. Yeah. You had, you had to be repercussions. But not just that. If he just spiked me. Yeah. And then Jacob Fatou splashed me. Well, that's everybody. But taking somebody who is obviously, You know, pushing 60, taking someone who's obviously outta shape like I am, taking someone who shouldn't go through that table and violently putting me through the table. And, and, and those guys knew I want to go, th this has to be violent.


This has to be shocking. Like, you gotta sit there and go, someone's gonna save him. Right. There's no yo. And when you look at it, you go, dude, he went through, You know, he, he got put through that. Did you, did you boost? No, I did not. No. No. I did not boost. No. And, and the thing is, I didn't have to. Jacob Tu was like, you go through that table, man, you know, and, and, and that, and that was the thing. And, and there Is, it, it, it's what the story calls for. It was riveting. It was rivet. Thank you. It's one of the coolest things for me now as a peer to watch from home. And, and, and like, I'm glued. I'm glued. When I was watching all that go down you go, you, I acknowledge that you are not my tribal chief.


I went like all the millions of fans at home watching. I'm like, No way. And then I knew something had to happen. Yeah. But that's To kick that. But That's what price won't You pay for greatness. What price won't you pay for that moment? Yeah. You're asking the wrong guy. I'll do anything, but that's it. I'll do Anything. But that's what I'm saying. That's, and that's the commitment. Well, you and I have had a conversation without revealing confidential stuff and stuff that's private about what it takes to be at the absolute top of this industry. We'll leave it at that.


And, and, and, and I just told you it's a commitment like no other. Yeah. It's, it's all encompassing. It's everything you got. Because when you get there and when you overdeliver, when you exceed your own limitations in life, when You know you are only one of the best, but you want to be the best. Mm. One of the greatest, but you wanna be the greatest you can put on one of the most compelling performances of the year. But that's not good enough for you. You want the most compelling performance of the year. Hmm. Then that's the commitment that the role requires, or at least longevity at the top.


Look at the commitment Roman Reigns has made. Look at the commitment. Someone like CM Punk has made, Seth Rollins has made, John Cena has made Cody Rhodes. Cody Rhodes is the champion, if there's anybody right now. And and my god, the business that he's a commerce facilitator. Yeah. He sells tickets. He sells t-shirts. He sells weight belts. He sells replica title belts that he signs every, he, he drives Commerce. Cody, we need you at a, we need you in Detroit, we're at 98%. We really want to sell out. We're gonna book you on three morning radio shows starting at 6:00 AM in Detroit.


Great. I'll be there. If there's any others overnight, I'll do the overnight radios too. Yeah. Yeah. I'll do the afternoon drive time radios, and then I'll get to the arena in time for the show. He's A workhorse. My God, man. And he does it on his days off too. The commitment that he has to promote the product that goes along with it too. So it's all about finding the, again, I I, I try to find a greatness within people and help them understand themselves and understand how to bring it out of them. That's what a, a director does, or producer does, or whatever a wise man does. And I do that with myself. I understand my, my, I, I shouldn't go through that table. I get it. I had no business going through that table.


That's why I had to go through it. Yeah, of course. You know, that's, that's the commitment to the story. You know, and, and, and, and, and if the next thing that ha that, that the next story that is, is, Is in need of that sacrifice by me, that story's gonna get it. Mm. That story's gonna have me. And there's gonna be nobody that's gonna tell me no. Like nobody's gonna say, yeah, we're not, you can't go through the I'm going, I'm going through it. Because Solo had to do that. Yeah. He had to do something so grotesque. He had to do something. So over the top, he had to do something so outta bounds. He had to do something to Romans wise man to solidify himself as on the night that he declared himself the tribal chief is the night that he went overboard in every direction.


And now they look at the box office he drives. Yeah. Yep. It was needed. It worked. Yeah. I I I just, I'm looking at you 'cause like, I wanna let you talk. No, no, no. I do this all day. No, you should do it all day. If this was a crack dealer, I would be talking to him nonstop. You guys are in the same business. I, I guess, I guess he, he's a recovering addict. He wrote a book selling, he knows sellings all this stuff. We don't have to get into it. Let me, Mr. Haman, let me ask you a question. As someone who does sit aside, just call him Sir, sir Haman son, as someone who sits next to someone who has this larger than life personality, the fanfare. Is there ever a moment, was there ever a moment in your trajectory, in your career where you thought to yourself, proverbially, metaphorically, I could be the fucking tribal chief?


No. Like, like, I can't be No, no, no. I, I, I learned that On my first bump on my Forehead. I say that metaphorically. I guess what I mean, dialing it back a little bit is like knowing the complexity of what goes on behind the scenes. Yeah. What you give from a creative standpoint, from a business standpoint. 'cause I can, I can resonate with that in a different completely different world. I do a lot with a lot of creators and connect people and Mr. Beast, to this guy and this person, blah, blah, blah. Do you ever feel like you're lacking the flowers that you feel like you deserve? And do you care? No, because I'm a supporting player. I'm not the star. And nor should I be the star. I can't, I can't carry a match. And ultimately what people pay for is for this storyline to be settled, this morality play to, to manifest itself into a, into a moment that plays out physically in front of The world, which is why they pay to see it happen.


That what you just said is wrestling is the business of wrestling. But it's a hard concept to understand that. But, but, but, but what you just said is something that I believe appeals directly to human nature. And, and that's why people watch. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's, and and it's an easy morality play to follow because it, it's, it, it, and again, I'm, I'm going off on tangents here, but I always liked Better Call Saul better than I liked Breaking Bad Side characters. Well, breaking Bad had too many protagonists, too many good guys. Yep. And Better Call Saul was nine outta 10 bad guys all villains.


So now you start to choose which villain you like. Yeah. Did you like Hector Salamanca or did you like Tcal Salamanca? Did, did did you like wa did, did you like Walter White? Did You wasn't part of the show, but, but, you know, did you like the concept? Did you like Saul Goodman? Yeah. Did you like Mike? You know, which is a hard name to like, I'm kidding. You know, it is. You know, like, like, like where it all, all villains. So then you start to side with a villain. Did you like Gus? You know, so now you're like, oh, well, he, I, I see his points why I like him. So the audience starts to see things in these characters that sometimes the characters don't even know that they're revealing.


And they go, but I like that about this guy. Like, he could come in and he could say, I'm a recovering addict, but I beat my demons and I see the demons in every single one of you. I'm so much better than all of you. You know? And, and, and nine and 90% will go boo screw you. And then there, there'll still be someone that sits there and goes, wow, his anger comes from a deep place. Once he gets past that, what, what, what, what a great story he has. Could you imagine a world where I turn heel? I was gonna say, you should, bro. I've thought about it sometimes because like Paul, I'm like, ki I try to be like a ray of, I hate the negativity in The world.


See, see where we live and we exist is not WWE. E we, we, we kind of like really teeter the gap between reality and, and You know, this whole show biz world. But I try to bring a little bit of positivity in a world where there's a lot of negativity. But maybe there's a place where I start calling people specifically out. Yeah. Maybe it's other podcasters, streamers, You know, so, and They, do you, would you ever manage someone outside of the wrestling space? You know, the, the wise man cometh and, and, and always seeketh other percentages. So, You know, it's, We might need to talk. We can schmooze. Yeah. Yeah.


We can out some people we've, We've schmoozed before a little bit. You know, that's, that's the other thing too. Doing a show like this is like, you wanna cater to the audience that's watching this, which will be a primarily WWE audience. But like, you also have a very wild or complex backstory of just who Paul Heyman is in its own Right. Your family, where you come from, your parents. Like, there's a, there's a lot there. Have you ever done a podcast? Have you ever talked about that type of stuff before? Well, I mean, I, I, I know I talked about my parents on the a and e biography, and I, I, I, I talked about my parents. I don't know if I did. I did a Brian Kopelman. He, he did the show Billions.


I did his podcast. I don't know how much I talked about my parents. I talked about it a bit on the Rick Rubin podcast. I mean, I could talk about it here too. Well, your father was in World War ii. My Father, my father was in the Navy in World War ii. He's just a street kid from the Bronx, from Ro Shambo Avenue in the Bronx that, You know, and ended up getting a law degree on the GI Bill. And became a lawyer. Was a lawyer, is a personally injury attorney in the Bronx his entire life. And my mother was a Holocaust survivor. My mother was from Wi Poland, was in the Widge ghetto, ended up in Auschwitz where she lost her mother. And, and her sister, who were the only remaining members of the family, thir 13 of her cousins died in the ghetto.


Two, two aunts, both grandmothers, You know, the whole family was, was wiped out. And she ended up on the march from Auschwitz to Bergen-Belsen. Yep. With, You know, I I, and I don't, and I should know this, and, and, and I, I, I hope I'm forgiven for not knowing the exact numbers, but however many people left Auschwitz, far fewer, arrived in Bergen-Belsen and was liberated from Bergen-Belsen, April 15th, 1945, came to America through HIAs, the Hebrew Immigration Aid Society, became a nurse in the Bronx. And, and that's where she, and she met my father. And, and, and, and then they made the mistake of having me.


So, You know, it Is it, but, but it, it, you know, but, but, but their personalities were very interesting. 'cause she was the most fierce, ferocious individual I've, I've ever met in my entire life. Just, you know, just, just had no fear and good luck what she had been through. So to her, NN not, there was nothing to be afraid of in life, You know, except something like that happening again, which was all political, you know? And, and, and, and my father was just the, the coolest dude in The world with, with the greatest sense of humor. And a total smart ass who never raised his voice, ever, except when he was in front of a jury and he performed Mm. Which is where I learned how to perform. Mm. Which was watching my father in front of a jury and just watching him be like, okay, well, I Got this.


Let me, let me let go. Talk to the jury then, ladies. And what I, that, that, that's where I Got the ladies. Well, the ladies and GENTLEMEN comes from my father introducing himself to a jury, but also comes from news conferences. A ladies gentleman, my name is detective, this guy. And, and, and, and this is, and, and this is the crime that I, I, I've been in charge of investigating. So it's always, You know, ladies and GENTLEMEN, my name is. So, I always thought, well, okay, well, if, if I'm gonna do public speaking, I should always assume that nobody knows who I am. And this is first time. So, you know, ladies and GENTLEMEN, my name is Paul Haman. And, but that comes from watching my father, front of jury. Ladies and GENTLEMEN, my name is Richard s Haman. I'm the attorney for this person. For the plaintiff.


You know, and, and I and when I was Brock's advocate, that was a tribute to my father, because that was, my father would, would press and press and a judge would finally say, you know, calm down. Calm down. My father would say, here, honor, I'm, I'm just an advocate. So when I, I came back with Brock, I was like, oh, let me be the advocate. You know? So that was a, that's how I felt my role was. It was upgrading to, it was, was was a advancing to the evolution of the character. Do do I feel like I have to ask? 'cause like you've been, you've been dealing with some people who believe this, but, Oh, this is why I asked the question. Yeah. I figured, why don't you take it off?


Well, I just, I I can. Yeah. I just didn't, I was trying to get into a deeper spot with you just to explore the complexities of that nogging of yours, Mr. Haymond. It's a great nogging. One good nogging. There's a, there's an ongoing tide on X, formerly known as Twitter and other channels right now that is making an attempt to debunk the Holocaust. I don't know if you ever see any of this stuff or if you're privy to it, number of deaths, number of camps, the true rationale for the initiative by the Nazis. Some people even saying that Hitler was more of a hero than a villain. Is there any thoughts or response you have to, any of that goings on?


Can't control the narrative. And if the narrative is going to be allowed or encouraged on the platform, then that platform has, has fallen into the disinformation and the historical disinformation that I myself can never control. Yeah. But free speech, they'll say, Yeah. And, and, and, and I, and I respect that to, to a degree. And, and, and, and at the same time, I also understand how, how it warps the, the authentic, the authenticity of the historical facts that have been presented. And, and I also under, You know, what's the old expression?


And, and, and a actually, this is something I'm sure one of the, one of the first steps that that, that you had to go through in, in recovery. You know, You know, may, may, You know, may, may, may, may, I have the solace to, to, to, to, Oh, the Serenity Prayer, the ser Right. You know, Not Grammy, the serenity to Accept things that I, of, of which I have, sorry, of which I have no control. Mm, yes. You know, Using professional wrestling, or at least my personal experience of professional wrestling as, as an example here, okay. In, in, in 1995, i, i I com I, I ended up taking over the complete ownership of ECW.


Yeah. And I, I'd already been doing the, the creative end for 18 months. Now I take over the whole company, my first move, get US ON Pay-per-view, want get on Pay-per-view. Pay-per-View is the, is the Golden goose. This is where everybody is right now. We gotta get on Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view makes us real. Pay-per-view makes us established. Pay-per-view makes us mainstream, and we need the money. Okay. Could not get on Pay-Per-View would not take us. Bob Gucci of Penthouse had a son who started a competition fighting league against UFC, which at the time was owned by Semafo Entertainment in New York City. Bob Meyerowitz, David Isaacs, Campbell, McLaren, and, and, and, and, and, and, and a fourth guy who wasn't an owner.


Michael. Michael Abramson. I, I believe that was, yeah. Michael, was it Abramson? That's Our attorney. Yeah, that's our attorney. Is it really? Yeah. One of, there's No way, shout out Michael Abramson, if you're watching. No way. This we love 0%. No, it's not, it's not humanly, You know, same name. Same name, but some for entertainment owned UFC and, and, and, and, and, You know, blocked in how many different states could not get on, could not get on Pay-per-view. They were stuck on Dish and, and, and, and, and DirecTV and the, the, the Gucci's came out with Extreme Fighting League, which again, now the cable carriers started confusing with Extreme Championship wrestling. So I'm trying to get on, on pay-per-view.


I'm saying I'm just like, WWE and WCW, but better. And, and they wouldn't take me. So our fans went nuts. And Cable Vision was based in New York, and New York was such a hot market for us that they started picketing outside the Cable Vision offices in Long Island. They would, they would find out the fax numbers of all the cable vision executives and the Cable vision complaints and everything else. And they would jam their fax machines. They would call and harass the cable vi Hey Cable. Hey, man, I gotta ask you.


I I'm not gonna cut you off too long. I cannot wait until you, I figure out how you spin this back to the Holocaust. I can't, I'm, I'm so fucking intrigued with where this goes right now. Well, what happened is that finally the audience itself that knew the truth. Yep. Nice. That understood. We are just like WWE. We're just like WCW. There's no difference. We're not ultimate fighting. We're not extreme fighting. We're ECW, we're extreme championship wrestling. We're just a more realistic, a more progressive, a more 18 to 34 male demographic oriented product, then WWE E or WCW.


And they're gonna end up copying us sooner than later anyway. Which they both did. And Cable Vision finally said, okay, we got it. We are going to clear ECW for pay-per-view, because we understand that the public sees this differently. We've listened to you, we now have looked at it. We understand the facts. We're clearing you. That's something to where a an uprising against disinformation will work. When the, when the masses rise up, then the platforms will listen.


I'm one person, I'm one person that drives a narrative or helps drive a narrative or collaborates on driving a narrative within this industry. But on that platform, when you have an abolitionist like Elon Musk and Elon Musk is, is, is, is, is, is his word, ABSs or absolutist? Abso I'll say abolitionist. He's an abs. He, he, everything with him is absolute Black and white. Black and white. Which, which nothing in the real world is That's Right. Right. So he looks at it and he goes, free speech. Yep. Well, You know, honestly, You know, this is not, this is this kind of, this is damn near firing. Nope, nope, nope, nope.


Free speech. Ironically, this is one topic, one specific topic that, and he's been in some hot water regarding it, that he's not abso ast an Absolut on. He's, he's, I, I think he's, I think he's pro fact on this specific thing, And therefore it will change. And if it changes, it's because he's not an abs solutionist on, on, on that subject. But I, here's how I spin that narrative back with cable vision. The masses spoke, and the masses changed the platform until the masses rise up and say, this is wrong.


This is not free speech. This is not a violation of the First Amendment. What, what what you are allowing indeed, encouraging, indeed enabling is, is so psychologically damaging because it's wrong. It's historically inaccurate. Yeah, yeah. You, you, you are perversing a narrative. You are, you, you, you, you are allowing history to change in, in, in front of people who know better. This is, this is, this is perverse grotesque. Yeah. And, and, and, and history may be perverse in grotesque than tell it that way. Mm. But, and obviously the crimes that were committed were far more perverse and grotesque than the thought of the disinformation that fights against it.


But until the masses rise up, I think it's gonna be, I think it's gonna be some time. Because as we always talk about this pendulum on the show, the masses just rose up three, four years ago and said, Hey, we're tired of absolute censorship on Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok. So now we're gonna create this whole new world over here, where anything and everything goes, and as Elon has, has kind of presented x to be the new face of news, which is, which is, You know, is in, to me, is wild. Because although, although we have been lied to by mainstream news a lot, there is a level of journalistic responsibility that does exist.


That unfortunately you can't apply to 50,000 individual pundits on Twitter that are all posting for various reasons. Right. Money, clout, fame, hatred, biases, a million different ways. It's gonna be very interesting to see where it goes. It's just, I, I wanted your personal opinion on it, only because the only vow that came out of World War ii, the only vow that came out of the Holocaust was never again. Right. But, but, but never again is, is a very, very, very long time. And, and those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it. Here, here, here, here's, here's another thing to take into consideration. There's very few survivors left. Scary.


Yeah. You know, very scary. You know? Yeah. It, it's, it's 2025. My, my, my mother would be 98 years old this year. And when she was liberated, she was 17 years old. And, and, and most, most survivors weren't mo, weren't, weren't any younger than that. Be be because, You know, b ba baby babies were, were killed. My mother's sister went to the gas chamber in, in Auschwitz because she was seven years old, and therefore wasn't fit for slave labor. So you, you there, there weren't many Holocaust survivors under 17, let's say. Maybe there were few that were 14 or 15.


They're in their nineties now. So 10 years from now won't be anybody left. There'll be no eyewitnesses. I grew up in a household where I Got to look into the eyes of someone who witnessed it, who was there, who experienced it. And hearing, hearing that story from that, like, like the, the, the, the greatest robbery my household ever experienced was the loss of my mother when my kids were so young, because they didn't get to really hear the stories and look into the eyes of someone who lived it.


And, and, and, and, and, and that was a robbery of my children, having that experience be able to tell their children so that it never again happens. But, but this is the course of The world. So because there's very few eyewitnesses anymore, now history can distort what truly happened. And, and especially as The world developed in, in the late 1990s, going to the new millennium, everything became, and, and it's funny, I'm not plugging the name of, You know, extreme championship wrestling, or, or the fact that we lucked into the name extreme in 94 before it became in vogue.


But everything, everything in The world became extreme. You know? It, it, everything is very radical. You know, the, the, the narrative, the centrist don't exist anymore. Very few of them, you know. Well, yeah. I get called, I get called so many names, man, fence sitter, fucking neutral. Like to the point you brought up in the very beginning of this discussion. Everything online for clickbait reasons for monetization is black and white. Very few things. Almost no things in the real world are black and white. They all exist within a complex gray area of emotion, empathy, love, life problems.


Well, I, I, I think, Mike, this is partially because like, I, like, I, I, I try to understand and like sometimes speak to human nature in, in ways that will like, elicit a, like an instinctual response. And I think, I think our species is generally like a pretty simple species, or, or, or at least like most of us skew that way. And black is an easy color to see, and so is white. Like they, I, it makes sense to me. And I yearn for something that's easy to understand. And a lot of life is not. And, and like you mentioned, nuance and the gray area is like, you know, you gotta, you gotta work a little bit.


You gotta use your brain power to understand that I want a title, I want a yes, I want a no. So I know It's what people want, but like, it's like, I, I like to root myself in reality, we live in a world where not everyone gets married at 21, has two kids, white picket fence stays married until they're 80, has their parents with 'em the whole time, has a good, hardworking job, gets a 401k, their kids go to co. That's not The world we live in. It's just not, we have veterans under bridges. We have people addicted to drugs. We've got people with mental health problems. We've got even on the, even on the more, you know, narrow plane of people that are, are doing well in lives, in their lives. They have problems. They've got distortions. They've got, You know, issues that they deal with every day. And so this idea that like, there's any kind of real black and white nature to this life of ours is, is wild.


But one thing that is black and white is facts. Yes. Well, They, even, that is even that. So facts Can be black and white in, in, in, in, in terms of what's true to history. But history is written by the winners or now the creators of the platforms from which history will be taught. How much of the radicalization of these college campuses came off of TikTok. I mean, I mean, my God, man, You know, it's, it's again, that platform enabled a completely different mindset across, across the country to those being educated in the highest, in, in, in the highest rated educational centers that we have to offer.


No, it's, it's, bless you young man. It's bad. Yes, sir. It's bad. Thank you for spreading your germs. It's, You know, it here, here's a, just an example. What was, what was the hottest thing on, on, on, on Facebook just a few years ago to describe your life or, or your relationship as it's complicated? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's Complicated. And, and, and, and how much, and that was so easy for people, You know, it wasn't monogamy, polygamy, you know, abstaining. It wasn't that. It's always, You know, it's complicated. It's complicated. And, and, and, and so much of life is complicated.


Veterans living under bridges, et cetera. You know, New York City taking care of the migrants that come in, in $400 a night, hotel rooms. And meanwhile, New York City residents who just fell on hard times, couldn't keep up with the rents, fell behind in debt, then end up with, with, with a substance abuse problem on the streets. No hotel rooms for, for Yep. For people who were born and bred and have lived in New York City. Nothing for migrants that come in from other countries. $400 a night hotel rooms.


Boy, that's, yeah. That, that's, that, that, that's very difficult to, to grasp to, to, to, to grasp. Especially if you are a New Yorker. Right? It's complicated. It's a complicated society. It's a complicated existence. You, you, you can't have a discussion, nor am I encouraging us to have this. You can't have a discussion in any room with people about gun control a about, about the abortion issue. You can't, you even about politics today, You know, if, if, if you ask any, if you ask five people about Donald Trump, if you ask five people about a OC, let alone, You know, ask five people about the, the what's Barack Obama's legacy?


What's what, what's Bill Clinton's legacy? What's Ronald Reagan's legacy? The, the answers will be so varied, Dude, even Lincoln. And, and the gr honestly, like the FDR or Washington, the whole vibe and opinion on things that used to be so universally believed to be truth hoods, everything's changing. It's, it's a, social media is a wild experiment, Paul. It's really, it's really wild. It's gonna be very interesting to see where it comes. One thing, just to dial it back to you, as we wind down, one thing I noticed about you that's, that's I'm so envious of, is the way that your brain works as it recalls things from the past, you're able to remember all the names of every person involved and bring up cable vision and picket lines, and what it felt like to go through the table and the, You know, being smacked in the face and called son and pa because you are present for all those fucking things.


We're only partially present 99% of the time. Yeah. I don know what's going on. We're, we're do, like, bro, if you asked us to rec really recount and recall a story like with vivid detail from, I don't know, earlier today. Okay. You would get a, you would get a weird half mush story. So, so what I'm, I guess what I'm getting at is, it's gonna be very interesting to see what 20 years from now looks like as people try to recount these years of social media becoming the, You know, becoming the norm. But that's also because I have so many years of, well, here's an example. How'd it feel first time you held your baby?


Hmm. Bet you remember that he was on his phone. No, I'm kidding. Hard to describe. But I bet I bet you you'll never get that moment of your life outta your head. No. How'd it feel, how'd it feel? The first moment you met Nina, how'd it feel? The first moment you realized you were in love with Nina had a feeling and she said yes to marrying you. These are moments, and there'll be a time in your life where you're asked to describe it in a book, and in a podcast, in a documentary, you will have no problem just, just conveying those emotions. 'cause these are the most wonderful moments of your life. Here's my blessing in life. And go again, full circle. Now in the conversation, going back to being humble.


I'm the most blessed man. I know my children are healthy. That that's, that's the first thing in life. You, you remember what I told you? Yep. As, as long as if you wake up in the morning, how's the baby? Baby's healthy. Everything else is relative. Eh, I don't like the script for tonight's show. Eh, I don't like the direction of this storyline. Eh, I don't like my opponent for the next premium live event, but my daughter's healthy. Yeah. You know, my children are healthy. Boom, everything starts from there. But I've, I've lived so many lives. I've lived so 19 years old. I'm working in Studio 54. We didn't even get to talk about it. But, but, but 15 years old, I'm taking photographs of Vince McMahon's father in Madison Square Garden.


Yeah. 'cause you snuck your way in back. Of course I did. Which you crazy, you hustled your way because you, what did you, you knew that Vince McMahon Sr. Died at a steakhouse. Yeah. So you called the WWE and convinced them that you, that Vince McMahon Sr. Gave you the permission at the steakhouse that you were never at to give you tickets to the show that would allow you to go in as a photographer, as a press photographer. Yes. That's, that's insane. That's insane. But I want, I wanted to get in and nothing was gonna stop me from getting fig it. And you're from New York. Well, well, right there kind of tells you I'm a hustler, You know? Yeah, yeah. You know, I mean, I mean the, the, the, the name, the Haman hustle happened because of a reason. Ah, I'm a hustler. You know, I mean, I, You walking around backstage at 15 years old, not backstage ringside, 15 years old Yeah.


With The camera. And you can see it on, on, on certain clips in WWE. Like, oh, there's Paul Heyman. Yeah. You know, like, I mean, there were, there were Andre the Giant matches, or Don Morocco matches, or Bob Backman matches, you know, Sergeant Slaughter matches. And you see me ringside, You know. But, but, but the key was not to take the ringside photographs. The key was me backstage learning from these guys. And then you ended up being with a Young Undertaker, young Steve Austin. Yes. Mick Foley. Yes. It's cr it's crazy to me, like, just like how ingrained in wrestling you are. You're, it's al you're almost synonymous with wrestling. Well, And again, so how many moments have been passionate, beautiful, wonderful, dream affirming, life-affirming moments for me.


Mm. You know, you'll have that in life. And, and believe me, when, if, if, if, if you're, if you are blessed enough to become a very old man like me, you, you'll sit back and they'll say, what was it like when this happened on the podcast? What was it like when this happened? What was it like when, when his life changed? What was it like when your life changed? Well, You have to be present for him. Yeah. Because we've, because there, not with the stuff you asked him about, but we've, we've together separate, lived through a lot of moments over the past eight to 10 years that qualify heavily for that type of, and, and we've, we've never really pro some of 'em haven't been processed properly, haven't been put compartmentalized properly. One, one thing I do wanna ask you before, before we run out, is you talk about this, this catalog and inventory of events that you've seen in w in WWE f WWE.


And I hate superlatives. He does too. On the show. We don't do it a lot. What's your moment, man? What's the moment that stands out to you that you think about and you still get sweaty palms or goosebumps having witnessed it, having stood and beared testimony to this moment? All of it. The whole thing. The, the whole thing. And the best moment hasn't happened yet. Because if I think that it, if it has, I'd be off doing other things. I'd be, I'd, I'd be, I'd be writing, producing, directing movies. I'd, I'd be creating, I, I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd try to compete with Taylor Sheridan and, and, and, and, and, and put something on Netflix that would compete with what he has over on Paramount Plus with Landman and Yellowstone.


I, I, I, I would take on some other genres. I, I would take some friends of mine in the music business and get into a studio and say, I'll pay for the studio time. Let's just jam. Let's, let's, let's, let's see if I can do the Rick Rubin and produce, even though I have no musical understanding whatsoever. I, I, I, I, I would do something else. All of it. And all, all, all, all of it with, with the expectation of We can top this tomorrow and two days from now, We can top tomorrow. If, if, if it's, I mean it, there are easy answers. ECW itself, getting on pay-per-view for ECW.


The first ECW pay-per-view, the last ECW pay-per-view, the, the revival of ECW in 2005. And that one night stand, the entire show, Brock Lesner conquering the Undertaker streak. What about You ad-libbing John Cena's theme song. There you go. See? And, and I, I can do, and the funny thing is, and I, and I love John Cena. 'cause I went up to John and I said, You know, I expect you to, to tear into us. He goes, that's a good expectation. And then I said, I said, would you like to know my retort? And he goes, no.


And I said, my retorts a little unconventional. And he said, he goes, great. I'll, I'll react to it naturally out there. I said, you sure you don't want to know this? And he goes, Nope. He goes, he goes, you can't see me and I can't hear you right now. That's amazing. And he walked away, You know? And I was like, okay. And You know, then, you know, he, he, he just dug into us and dug into it. And I'm just like, do, and I walked away and he comes to the back and he's just, he is laughing his ass off. Tearing. But, You know, re reaction wise, because he's so great. He reacted perfectly to it. But I mean, again, it's that, it's, and, and by the way, all of these things, and I can tell you, You know, I, how could I not mention?


Simply sitting on the couch for the last five seconds of the SmackDown after Roman Reigns return during COVID and we were heading towards, he was still the big dog, and I was still known as Brock Ners advocate. And the camera pans out for the last five seconds of SmackDown. And, and he had, he had hit my catchphrase. 'cause he hit, that's not a prediction. That's a spoiler. And, and, and you see, you see, who was it? Adam Pierce. It was Adam Pierce goes, look, gets a look on his face and the camera pans out. And I'm sitting on this, this ratty ass. We were, Vince was so mad.


'cause he was like, God damn, that's a terrible couch. Jesus, great. What, what they looks like, shit. But we, but we did it live, You know? And even though it was, it was taped. I, You know, he said, let's reshoot it. Like, but we have no other couches. And where we gonna find the couch at, You know, at midnight now in shooting this, You know? And it was like, that was it. So we lived with it. But I'm sitting on a couch with Roman and, and, and, and, and the camera pans out and I hit the big dogs line. I and I, I, I just said believe that, and we're off the air. And so for five seconds we end a SmackDown with Brock Lesner advocate on the couch with the big dog. Within a week. We named him the tribal chief.


We named him the head of the table. Wow. And he had the title on him 48 hours later. Oh, I can't tell you. That's not the moment. Because the whole WWE universe at that moment shifted. That was the moment that completely changed everything during the pandemic. 'cause that was the birth of the tribal chief. But that's not the moment either. All of these moments, my entire 40 year experience is a moment. It's a blink of an eye. It, it's, it's, it's a blur yet with details. I understand. But I'm, I'm a junkie too.


Nice. But one that doesn't wanna recover, one that doesn't want treatment. I embrace my addiction. My addiction is the pursuit of topping My addiction is to put, put in a body of work as a supporting player, as a collaborator on something creative, and walk by the mirror after the day is done, and say to myself, follow that motherfucker. And then the next day, strive to do so. And the day after that, strive to beat whatever I came up with for the next day. It's just a pursuit of the future. It's just looking forward and never resting on your laurels.


I don't want to be that guy to like, like, I can't watch myself. Really can't. Oh God. No. Really? Oh, No way. Watch back the tapes. You don't watch the tapes the first week. Like, I'll study it the first week just to see how I did what I did. What I don't like that I do, how I hold my body is my body language. Right? Yep. Yeah. Javier Barma has a great thing about acting in that he looks at, at, in the script and he looks at the body first. He goes, and he says, I don't really, he says, I don't, I don't read it for the words. I don't read it for the emotion. I read it for the body. Mm. How's my body gonna react? You know, if you're stand like, like, like, you'll never see me do this. Yeah. Ladies and GENTLEMEN, my, even the way my voice sounds now, You know, LA lady, this is how you, you sound like Jerry Lewis.


Like lady, you know, like this, You know? But, you know, because because it's, it's king slung. It's, I'm, I'm 10 feet tall out there. You know, I'm 10 feet tall and, and, and, and I'm, and, and, and I'm 14 inches flacid. And some women like it that wide. You know, I mean, I'm, I'm, You know, I I'm just out there, You know, You know, oh, is a gentleman, You know, and it just looked, I mean, I'm standing like, I have, like, I have lats. Like I'm standing there like this, like I'm jacked and I'm not jacked, but I feel it when I'm out. You know, my name is Paul, you know, boom. You know, like that. But when I'm being confronted by a solo KO or a Jacob Tu or somebody, man, the balls crawl up into your stomach. I mean, I, I literally, I I, I try to teach this to people.


If you're afraid, don't be like this. This is, now, if you're afraid, you're not like this, you're afraid, man. You, you, you, you, you sink in everything crawls up inside you. You're like this. Mm. You turn your shoulder, you come away from Mm. You know, it's so, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's all about that. You know? So, so the exhilaration to me in life is, is, is, is, is looking forward. I look at, I Look at my body of work and, and you know, for the first few days, I'll study everything that I do. What can, okay. Oh, You know, they're cutting cameras now. A little differently. Yeah. Oh, I gotta play to this side a little more.


Yeah. Oh man. They like this camera man. He's coming up from, they like this camera angle. Okay, I Got how, how, how do I, how do I play to that camera angle that nobody else is playing to? How do I, how do I stay ahead of the rest of the curve? How do I get Roman to, to lean into this side so that they have this, because they love this camera shot. How do we give it to them? So I study it for, for the first couple days. And then I can't stand, oh, I can't stand watching my stuff. Like if you, and I shouldn't, if I showed you one of your matches from six months ago, you look at it and go, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, Oh God. Oh my God. The, the power of Christ compels you. You know, you do, you know, you, you, you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll try to, you'll perform an exorcism on it.


You'll hate it. Well, you should. 'cause you're so much better now than you were six months ago. If I'm not that much better. Six months would've own six weeks, would've own six days from that performance. Someone's gonna catch up to me. I wanna be able to look back six weeks ago and go, Ew, Now I know I'm progressing. Now I know I'm getting better Now. I know. I offer something that someone 29 can't offer someone in better shape than me. Full head of hair, gorgeous, wears better suits than me. Can't offer, I, I, what what I offer is unique. 'cause I stay ahead of everybody else, because I don't want to only be as good as I was six days ago. I wanna walk in the SmackDown this Friday as my audition to be invited back the next week, because don't judge me on my body of work.


That's, that's also why I introduced myself at the beginning. 'cause it's like, Hey, anything I've done before, take me for how I am now. Ladies and GENTLEMEN. My name's Paul Heyman. We're starting today. Mm. So it, again, long story, even longer, it, it, it, I can't stand watching myself and I, and I shouldn't be able to stand watching myself. 'cause if I can stand watching myself, I haven't progressed enough to think it's, it's, it's, it's passe. It's garbage. It's yesterday. It's trite. It's, it's, it's been done. Okay. That's cool. What's next? Mm. Well, Paul Hayman, we could go for seven hours if we wanted to. Could we get it sponsored?


I think we're sponsored by Prime. So that comes outta your pocket anyway, so, okay. You're sponsored by Prime. This, This, this lack of sponsorship is concerning to me though. Are we? Yeah, me too man. Me too. Paul. What a, what an honor, man. Well, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for coming on. Impulsive. I, I, I marvel every second I get to speak with you. I think, I think you are the wise man, which I wasn't sure at first when Roman started slinging that around when, when I had my Roman storyline. I hear, I hear wise man, wise man. I'm like, what? You can't be that wise so wise, so full of wisdom, man. And I look forward to just picking your brain and learning from you and growing this relationship as I continue down this path, but in this path right here.


We appreciate your presence, ladies and GENTLEMEN. Paul Hayman. Thank you. Alright brother. Oh, I also can't wait for you to meet my daughter. I'm Sorry. My daughter. Is she Here? No. Oh, No, No. Just in general. I feel like you're her like long lost uncle. Well, Thank you. Yeah. Alright guys. That's it. That's it. What? You can cut it because you were just sure how, without maybe giving too much specifics. Well, we didn't, I don't think, did we say goodbye yet? How do you go about booking Logan For the year? Maybe without the teases, without some super specific, but you're good at this stuff. It, it, it, it all depends on other circumstances right now.


Yeah. This Year's, this year's this year's wild. The, the, the, this year is wild. And here's the, here's the honest answer. If the question is how I would book Logan Paul in 2025, my answer is I wouldn't book him just for 2025. My question would be, who's Logan Paul's opponent for WrestleMania 42, which is in 2026? And more importantly, who's Logan? Paul's opponent in 2027, which is WrestleMania 43. If we're just looking at who's his opponent for 41, which is this April or 42, which is, which is next year, then we're kind of narrow casting here.


Yeah. Fair. Than, than, than in, in, in a, in an industry that has now enabled its fan base to embrace long-term storytelling. I'm capping you at 18 months. Oh. Who's my opponent for 42? Wow. That's only 18 months from now. Who's your opponent for 43 Mm. And once we figure out who your opponent is for 43, work backwards. Yeah. Let's back Tell that story. Yeah. Sick. I I I never have written a script. No, I've never written a script or answered an idea without knowing the final page.


Yeah. I write the final page first. Yeah. Here's the end. It may transition to something else, but here's how this story ends. Mm. Now how do we get there? Mm. How do we milk it? How do we tease them? What's the intrigue? What's, what's what, what are the other characters dimensions that play off of this? How does this story affect all others? Hmm. If, if, if, if you write it from the beginning and you project it out again, that that becomes a thing of it's complicated and, and it takes on so many different variables that you lose the focus of where you're going. If everything drives to this point, then You know the narrative that you want to tell.


Yeah. Then the little not ha making sure Sowell never said, acknowledge me before he said it in Madison Square Garden, making sure he is never referred to as a tribal chief before. Mad. Making sure that all roads led to that moment, that 15 minute segment that just engrossed everybody because everything since WrestleMania built to that moment. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So I wouldn't book Logan Paul just for this year or for till WrestleMania 42. I've screwed you if I did that. I've, I've given you an 18 month trajectory and you got nowhere to go after that. But I give you a two and a half year trajectory. If I, if I take you that far out, my God, we know everything we're building towards, we know, we, We can then create the pivots and if something comes along that a new character rises and like, oh my God, we gotta get a bit of with Logan Paul, or, or, or something else happens that changes the narrative, then it gets added to the narrative as we still go for that line up to 43.


See? Fair. Fair. Alright. Ladies and GENTLEMEN, his name is Paul Hayman. If you're not subscribed, hit that subscribe button. Thank you for listening, watching and viewing WWE. I'm coming in hot this year and next Year and the year after, According to the five year plan. Take it easy, guys. Peace.