
Lacy. Let's address the elephant in the room. Bki. I mean, I just don't like her. Is there a strange world where she just puppeteered you like a puppet? Oh yeah. The sales were down a hundred percent. You Took Bradley Martin's hat. I didn't think much of it at all. I thought we were like friend to friend and he slapped Back the fuck outta you, bro. Broke your neck And you guys were outside the gym went Logan and Brad Fog. I think we're the only people that may have seen that. Yeah, I know what happened. You've had quite the glow Up it. I had a trainer in Miami every day. Yo, don't even get me started. He started an entire internet trend that I took Ozempic. It doesn't make sense. How are you Mike? 40. Jeez. You I graduated The year. I was more You have color on tv. I'm acting. I'm serious. Yeah. I saw t cheat on me on this podcast. I don't know how I feel about that because Ninja was always better than fu.


That's crazy. Darla, We were doing some content together last year. She used the Out of them. Damn. She made hundreds of thousands of dollars a month off him. Damn. Got a check mark. Did she hurt You? She did hurt me. Yeah. Yo, that, that beef thing wasn't real. Right? Beef? What? I don't know. We had like a steak drink at the house. Oh my God. And we didn't know it was, we didn't know. It was like, so Yeah, It was the, the lunch lee and it was like the, what was It, dinner? It was beef welling. It was beef. Oh my Gosh. When did you this? Wait, wait, wait, Wait. It was Really bad. Oh, did you try it? Yeah, we drank it in't know what April ate the meat Drank it.


Yeah. We, bro, that Was ou. That was Aju Prime to go with the beef. Wellington. What the fuck Is it? Oh my God. It's a sauce you dipped the meat into normally. How do you, dude, At least he's cultured, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, he knows a lot enough food. I do. Come on, probably eats a five Wagyu. I don't even, I mean, that's a really good Wagyu, but I don I'm not up there yet. You know, I, Dude, dude, Yo, Start eating Wagyu. It'll Change. I've definitely had to wa Expensive. It's easy to say. Very Expensive. Change Your life, brother. Wait, no. Yeah, it's, it was a, that was a prank, Bro. Yeah, we didn't know that. We drank it. It's a prank, bro. On stream. And we thought It was real. Hey, hey though. That's a, that it's actually Gordon Ramsey's beef Wellington that he sells. We just put it in our packaging.


So wait, Wait, how many of them did you, did you only give them to like certain people? Yeah, like influencer kits and shit. But it's like a real product. So We ate it. I mean it wasn't No, yes, it was Dude. Dude. No, The meat itself. Okay, Dude, it's not, it's just Gordon Ramsey's. When I tried, I went, this is, this is actually pretty fucking good. It wasn't bad. Whole thing. I don think you it was in our fridge for like a month though. That's, It was a hundred percent. That's Problematic. Yeah. Boys, what the, what? I mean, come on guys. I I didn't do it yet, But I just feel like you don't even need to introduce these Two guys. It's them. Yo. What a big moment for them, huh? Yeah, right. It's crazy. Ron and fucking Lacy from phase. I can't believe it. Dude, both of, I do wanna say this, both of who are deserving of being on this show by themselves.


But I, I did want you guys on together because I like your guys' dynamic and I like the idea of having both of you on at the same time. So it was No, I mean, no disrespect. Lacy. Let's, let's address the elephant in the room. Okay. There's an elephant in the room. That's what I never thought. In 2025, there would be a video put out by academics of Mike Maylike and Lacy Beef. Wait, what? What? I know. Wait, there was a video of us Beefing. Yeah. No, it was because I made a joke about the, the Aiden thing. Oh my God. The slip and slide. You got, you got docs for a slip and slide. I saw his social security number. I, and I hit up and I hit up Ron. I was like, yo, or, or I don't know how he Oh no. 'cause Todd told me that you were pissed off. So for anybody who doesn't stay up to speed on the streaming dramas, we Had a stream.


Yep. He was supposed to collab, I guess with Aiden they Were Okay. No, we're right now, That's Not how this went. We in Iran had a stream plan where we were supposed to build a slip and slide on the second day of the new phase house. And then I get hit up two hours before our stream. Aiden's like, yo, I'm flying to LA on a jet in three hours. Let's do a stream. Wait, it Was that close to the, it was three Hours. Wait, No, it couldn't have been day of because I was with him in Vegas. No, it was And I thought you guys, I thought he had, it was No, but he had spoken to your team the night before. Yeah, apparently. Well, I was doing a 72 hour stream, so where I was live 24 7. So apparently he spoke to someone on my team and I didn't know because I was live the whole time. So I get hit up three hours before.


He's like, yo, we're still on for today. I'm, I text him back. I'm like, because I just got out the shower. I was like, what do you mean we're still on? We, we, what are we supposed to do? And he's like, we have a stream plan today. I'm like, What is it? I have a stream with Ron. I'm not bailing on Ron and adapt. And then, And then his social security number is on Twitter. I know. I, okay, so let's hold on a second. So there's no, there's no behind the scenes No like drama. There was no beef within the, within the org. That was just like, yo, let's not have this. We're Cool with Aiden lot. Not at all. I Love Aiden. Aiden's my, like, he's like my inspiration to streaming. That's what doesn't make sense to me. I've went to almost every brand risk. You know, I've been to Miami whenever he asked me to. It was just, I wasn't gonna ditch my friends in a stream.


We had planned to do something else. It's kind of like when your idols become your rivals. Like, like MGK and Eminem. Like They're Rivals. Well now We're comparing them to, I feel like You, you in this case, like Aiden is Eminem and your MGK. Yeah. Oh no, but no, but also we're, that's not even true. We're, I'm stir I'm stir the pot we're Turning into You could make disc tracks though and monetize the fuck on all of this. Dude, I made a dis track before. How Is it? Can you Spit? No, it was really bad. I can, no, it's not. I Feel like you could, I feel like you could wrap that. I can freestyle. Yeah, We can. I could really? You Got a, you got a nice raspy voice. No, I normally don't. I'm be, I'm parched you. I Got a Parched to use the old school term. That term came out when I was a kid in the fifties.


Thank You. Yes Sir. Wait, so have you got, have you guys, la last question. Have you spoken to him? Did you guys talk? I have. Oh, You're, no, I would assume you're, I would assume you're good. It was just your, I think it was just like a miscommunication. It was literally just that. It was, I think like the Twitter communities, you guys keep up with the Twitter communities. That's like the thing right now for a lot of streamers. And they were trying to stick up for him, but behind the scenes it was perfect. But like online, they're like very parasocial. So it's like easy to ve like make up like assumptions about what's going on. And they thought he hated Aiden and that I hated Aiden. It was just like stupid shit. But we're all good. Like, we all like it. I Think we just need to replan it. I think he just needs to be Planned better. I I was texting him throughout the stream about it, like behind the scenes texting him, but I couldn't call him 'cause I was obviously doing the 24 hour stream.


And then he called me like right after the stream the next morning and we talked for like 20 minutes. Do do You know why, why he was so stressed out about it? I Think he just came into LA planned. There was like, he was Just real, he he really wanted to do it with you because it was his first dream back in LA and he wanted it to ve like a meaningful moment. And so he was like, It was also also timing though. It was the second, it was like the day of the first house or the first day of that new house. Yeah. Yeah. Fx. So it was like, damn. And like, dude, we talked about it on this last pod we did with him. Like what, what his, I mean his calm is, Hey, that's all Mike Malac. Hey, if you wanna attack anyone's My name. No, I'm not saying anything bad. He said it, not us. I didn't anything bad. He said it. Listen, I'm a dude, dude. Loyals, loyals know where my loyalties lies.


I'm cool with everybody, but it just, it it is unfortunate that it has to ve like that. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know. Hey, That's, that's where I'm from. So First time I met you guys. Oh yeah, Dude, interesting. That was insane. I, he told me, I think it was you. He's like, Hey, these guys are gonna come by because Oh, Bradley took your hat. No. You took Bradley's hat One Year ago. Martin's hat. One year, year Ago. Today. Like two Ago, year ago. To the day. Yeah. Dude, you Took I my best day of my life. Hey. Hey. Why'd you take his hat, man? I mean, he played, it's like this whole joke. Like he basically, I had this thing that I went viral for like really big. It's like I sang this song, but I didn't like it 'cause it's like cringed to me.


Right. Okay. And then he played the song in the gym. So I thought he was fucking with me. I was like, oh, okay. He knows the joke. I was like, I don't know much about him. So I was like, oh, he knows more about me. I took the hat. I've talked about it, but I took the hat. I didn't, I didn't think much of it at all. I didn't, I I really didn't. I thought we were like friend to friend and he slapped the shit. Smack the fuck outta you, bro. Broke your neck. Yeah, I did. First time I met you, you were in a neck brace. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, that's insane. You know, I actually did meet you like in COVID. Yeah. I met you with John with, from the Nel and his brother. I forget his brother John. And Sammy, I met you at Catch. Oh, No way. It was the first time. No way. It was like, it was a really, I think I met it was with you too. I don't know, but that, yeah, the second time I met you. Yeah. I was in crutches. So funny. So funny. That was A fake finger catch.


Yeah. That was so good. That Was so good. And you guys were outside the gym when Logan and Brad fought? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That was a, they wouldn't Let us in. We were The, Were To watch it. I think we're the only people that may have seen that. Like really seen It. How crazy is, is That dude? Because I kind of looked in, I mean, yeah, I know what happened. Oh shit. You, oh, you did. You see it. I know what Happened. Yeah. Yeah. I wish you, I wish you guys would've came in. That was, that was fun. Yeah, they wouldn't let us in. No. All good. Well that was crazy dude. And you, you, you've had quite the glow up dude. Hey, I mean, I appreciate that. God damn. Making me blush. Damn. But no, you like, like did you start threading your eyebrows or something? Oh yeah. I Got, I Got my eyebrows threaded every like two, three weeks. I get a facial, You know, nails done, toes done. All Dude.


Lacy. You may have gone to Hollywood faster than anyone. I've met anyone. I've you No, I've like, I've always done that. No, I haven't. You've never messed off right Now. You've Never gone facials, bro. No, I didn't do that. I have, I have before and after pictures of you and my p Well, He had a huge weight loss. Massive weight loss, Bro. Yeah. A hundred pounds Is more it. No, it was, it was like 90, 94, 95 pounds. Dude, That's, that's a lot Of pounds. Well, how'd, how'd you do it? I just, I had a trainer in my Miami named Mac that I'd go to Trainer every day. Here we go. Oh yo, don't even get me started. He started an entire internet trend. Ozempic that I took Ozempic. What? I mean he does, bro. It's not like a, it's not a big deal, bro.


We're Not doing this. No, I did not. I'm never taking any ozempic or any weight loss injection. Everybody's doing it. Really? Everybody's doing it. Is it though? I've considered doing it. I would love to shed 30 pounds. I feel like it kills you. No. What? There are some things that aren't good about it. Well, hold ont. Just don't just make fucking Statements. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. And guess what happens when you get off it? You Rebound. You can, you can rebound. Wait, what do you saying? What do You know? What do you think it does? Let's ask Chad. Chad. Stream it. Chad. Chad. Oh, GPT. What are the implications of taking Ozempic and are there any side effects? Ozempic is a medication that's often used to manage type two diabetes and it can also help with weight loss.


Some of the common side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea. And It sounds like a real person. It can also cause a decrease in appetite, which is one of the reasons it helps with weight loss. Of course, it's always a good idea to talk to your doctor to see if it's right. Right. Oh wait, what app is that? Yeah. Why A, She like took a breath. She said she, She Thought Yeah, she thought That's fucking Great. Does it usually do that? No, I ai That was weird, bro. Is there someone stuck in your phone? That was all the AI shit is so Weird. Notice that was Chad. That was Chad. GBT. Artificial intelligence is the craziest thing that's ever happened. It's Gonna get worse, dude. It doesn't say in the text. So it like, So she actually stuttered to Make it sound conversational.


She stuttered, stutter. Gave her Did you give her that voice? Yeah. What is her name? Ask her what her name is. It's gonna Kill us one day. What's her name by the way? You can just call me Chatt. PT or whatever fun nickname you like. I'm To home. Nate, did you not hear her breathing? This is weird. Can You ask her where she's from? Where, Where are you from? I don't really have a hometown since I'm a virtual assistant. But I guess you could say I am from the internet. I'm always, I've never her About ask. Never seen that. Wait, wait, wait. Can I wait, What App is that? Chad Gt. Can I something? That's Chad gt. It's incredible. Can you give a brief synopsis of who Jesus fucking Ron and Lacy from Phase Gland are and a little bit about their streaming careers.


Synopsis? That's a good word. I do not know. Who is she? Just Lacy and Ronaldo Are Nick Foco known as Faze. Lacy is a social media and Flirter and streamer who joined Phase Clan in May, 2024. He streams a variety of content on Twitch and has a significant following. Ron also associated with Phase Clan is known for his engaging content and collaborations with other members. Engaging. Both have contributed to the group's dynamic presence in the gaming community. Dude, dude, it's So real. Are we fired? Are we all fired? I don't even need to You're gonna be appointed. This is crazy. This is because I wanted to give some context of who, like for anybody who's watching this that don't know you guys, but we can just have AI do it.


But what the fuck dude, that's scary. That's cra Anyways. You guys Don't use chat. GBT? Not really. How come I use it a little bit for stream ideas? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What you do? Yeah. If You search up like chat g like, hey, can you give me some stream ideas that involve this, this, this. Give dude, it's brilliant. Give like a list of 10 things to It's Brilliant. I've done it for food before, like tracked my like calories and like protein. I'll just ask it like It is like having a best friend who knows everything I use it for for parlays. Oh God. Like gambling. How Accurate Is it? I've always wondered. It's Not a no, No way. It probably just tells you the same shit. The odds. Like It does, it does. Its best. Its best. Put it on deep research and have it, have it do have it do calculations and maybe it'll be more Effective. You can do that, bro.


Me, can we talk about this later today? And you can tell me what I have to do to make it better. Because like, you know what I'm saying? Like I gotta try to get my, it's, it's The most powerful tool. Ai. Are we S then how old are you guys? Well, we're very different in Age. Yeah. How? Well, I know you're like 50. Yes. Yes. Something. I'm 30. Really? Is that on, on thirties on or no? You, You guys are young, right? 21, 22. I'm 22. Yeah. Oh my God. How old are Mike? 40? Jesus. Jesus. Oh God, bro. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What year did you, what year did you Graduate? 85. Oh wait, 2003. You graduated. You graduated the day, the year was more. Yeah. Oh God, bro.


He went to prom and we were still swimming around. That's crazy. Yeah, we were in our dad's nuts, Bro. Think about this for a second. Like to them, even both of us are like an abnormal age. I know that. They don't think they'll probably ever Wait. No, wait, no. Did you have color on tv? I'm acting. I'm serious. We didn't even have tv. We only had radio. Are You serious? I Don Serious. Serious. See, this is the problem with youth come stupid. Yes. You guys are younger than me, but you're morons, dude. 2003 You guys. Yeah. That's insane. That's crazy. And, and he's right. When I was your age, man, I never thought I'd be 30. No way. No. Yeah. I didn't even think I'd How old are your parents?


55. Yeah, so I'm still That's About right. 50 50. It's 58, 9. Yeah, that's about right. Yeah. I don't, I don I want to have kids when I'm late though. I'm not gonna lie. Like where my parents at. Like she had me when she was like 35, 36 or something. Yeah, That's, Yeah. I Think because then you get to do all the things you wanna do and then still have kids. I mean, it, it's a Personal opinion. You know, people have kids so early and I feel like it's like, whoa. It's like too much. Like, I don't know. Mormons. Yeah. He kind of, he kind of nailed the age. Yeah. 30. So you have kids, one kid one 30. Oh wait, it just happened, right? Yeah. Eight and a half. Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you. She's, she's figuring out her limbs now and like standing up and her coordination and she's, she's not very coordinated, man.


I wonder where that comes from. Yeah. Not me. Not me. I could do, I could do tricks and shit, but it must be your mom side. Can we give a little bit of context to these guys please? Sure. Yes. Besides what AI did. Yep. Alright, so, so if you don't know who Ron and Lacy are, these guys are, are crushing on the streaming side right now. Both of fa clan, both streaming on Twitch right now, right? Yes. Tens of thousands of people watching every stream. Tons of subs and kind of at the, at the apex of the streaming space right now. Along some of the other guys in Phase and then as well as all of the other streamers. I guess that's like a good, I I I would like to say that like Lacy, I see more clips from you.


And then Ron, I feel like I see more of your streams if that makes, does that, is that an accurate Representation? I mean, yeah, if you open up Twitch, do you use Twitch? Yeah, I do. I'll, I'll, I'll pop onto every once in a while and I try to dump subs on people every once in a while. Did I ever throw you guys? You stop and give some subs here and there. I try to, I'll pop in and drop like 25, 10 or 25 subs on You make a lot, bro. We can up that a little bit. Maybe a hundred next time. It's a dude. Subs are not cheap. Right? How much does a hundred subs cost Somebody? It's like 600 bucks. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's a little, it's, it's Okay. So how so how long have you guys been streaming for? I've streamed since like 2019. 2020. Like the beginning of 2020. Like started COVID And started with and started with games.


Yeah. I started, we both kind of started with Fortnite, but like, I played like professionally at one point. Yeah, you were good, right? Yeah. I still am pretty good. We were good. Yeah. I saw fu shit on me on this podcast A couple weeks ago. Hey, I wanted to ask you about That. Yeah. I don't know how I feel about that. 'cause Ninja was always better than Fu Oh, That's kidding. I'm just kidding. No, no, no. But he did say you got smoke by. Yeah, he said I Got smoke, bro. I mean, I went against one of the best players. Like, But you didn't kill him Once. You could never, ever, ever. You, if I, if he, if he gave you a 999 K lead, you wouldn't get it. If he tried it, I'd bet money you wouldn't get it. Well, I, I'm, I'm Just, I no, I'm saying like any, anybody, it's he's, I'm amazing. And he's like 17, like, bro, I'm telling you though, the younger pause, but the younger you are, like, the better you are.


Like these games, like Reaction time, bro. It's like a whole different game. So To him, you're, you're Yes, But no, I started with Fortnite, I gaming and then went into like IRL content, like similar, like when Aiden started go up, like, I was alongside that, if you remember Mike? Yep. And then I started streaming in like late 2023. I just Played for Yeah. You're so, you, you're like, yeah, I'm, you came on with a, with a ve like how did you, how did your like quick, such quick like growth, where did it come from? Clicks. So I started, I started playing. That's right Night, right, right, right. And I would donate. This was before I even started streaming. I was like a troll. I would just donate to streamers and talk shit. I was a viewer.


And I'm gonna be honest, it was like before Rage ba was even a thing. I was like rage baiting with donations and CLS got mad, invited me to a Fortnite game. And then we just started screaming at each other. The clips went viral and It's kind of weird. That's how I started too. And when I started with cls, I started, maybe he made me, he made both of us. Damn. Because when I started with cls, Does anyone write l plus? Clicks Made Do Thank you. Oh, All The time. See he has the shit end of the stick. I, I had that like during COVID, but then when I transitioned like outta Fortnite, like it was way easier. But yeah, I was the same shit. Like, I, I met Clicks, shit, talked in his lobby and that's how I started my shit to, I mean, did did you follow a formula? I might've, I might've followed in your footsteps.


What, what were you doing before? I was in college. Oh. Oh Yeah. I was, I was in pre-law. Holy shit. Really? Yeah. I was gonna be, I was gonna go to law school. That was in my second year. And then I was gonna hopefully be a lawyer. Well, plot twist. Did you, did you, when you were in law school, in pre-law, did you already have this snake and thugs tattoo on your forearm? Or was that like a post? Was that a post? Like No, these, these are new. Okay, okay. Because I don dunno how they would've felt about That's a bar exam. Thugs tattoo is still so much to me, bro. No. Is having the word thugs tatter on you. It is insane. That's an insane commitment. Are you a thug?


No, that's my community. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Lacy thugs, right? Yeah. Oh. Oh, that. Yeah. You got, if you don't give the context, I could. If you don't give context, it's, yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. Okay. So what'd you think of LA then when you first came to la? I Mean, it was, it was different. I mean, I, I moved from, I lived in Erie, Pennsylvania, and then I moved to Dallas for eight months with cliques. Yep. And then I was in Miami for three months and then I came to la It's, it's a whole different world. It's insane how different it is from Pennsylvania. It's like crazy. You Know, you go 94 Pounds later, threaded eyebrows, Pennsylvania pedic 600 people. They ain't getting that shit done in Pennsylvania, bro. Bro. It's not Pennsylvania.


He lives in Erie. PenFed. Do You know what that is? It's not even, it has a population of a thousand. No, It's not. No, it's More Like, yeah. You know why? Because it's so dangerous. It's not dangerous at all. That's why no one wants to live shittiest area. You see it's turf wars. Every single, every block. Yeah. You can't even avoid tier Fours. Wait, okay. Ano another thing that you, you both have come into, but I think both have come into was gonna be women was gonna be what I said after that. Like a, seems like A 8-year-old. 48. My, she's Like a crazy way to say it. You both have come into more women. Yo, what are you asking? Asking Mike. You both have started being around more women as well since you guys have, have found your fame. Lacy.


I think it's been been more of a part of your content. Who are all these girls? I see these clips all the time. I I This is a question for him. A Question for girls. It's, it's probably gonna be a question for him. Yeah. Who, who is Darla? Did you McKinley? Well, I could answer some of these for you. Hena Oh man is cool. Yeah. Do you actually are do, do you actually, are any of these girls actually like real relationships or are they all just, Is it all just like cliques? Well, He tried for a couple. Almost all of them are for, are just content. Okay. But one of them, because I think I see the most of it's Darla related. Is that a, is that a real relationship? Yeah, that that, Yeah.


Did she is is that the one that, Wait, whoa. It is. Huh? It's news to me. Oh no, I thought you meant like, was that real? Like, oh, was that like a real thing? Is that the one that, did she hurt you? She did hurt me. Yeah. I remember this happening. Well, you love it. It's a fucking, why Is it, bro? It's a whole, it's a rabbit hole. It's a rollercoaster. It's a lot. It's a rollercoaster. What's going on? No, nothing's going on. No, there's a lot that no, there's a lot that goes cut This. There's a lot that goes. No, but it's it. No, but you have to, I feel like it's like a coming of age thing. You have to do your high profile relationship. You have to What? I mean, dude, you had, how many did you have? Too many. You gotta be careful.


That's the thing. You gotta be careful With Content and relationships. Oh God. Yeah. I learned that dude. You know, I learned that. Well that's why I, I keep my relationship like off camera because I have a real, Real friend. It's, it's sharp. I admire my, my partner Ks i's ability to do that. He, he's kept his relationship completely offline. That's how mine is. So, and It's, and he's not getting trolled for it. He's, it's, it's healthy. It's, The only thing Is it makes people like want to know who that is. Of course. Which is the hardest part of course. Because They dig even deeper as opposed to just like, putting it out there. So what, so what, what went wrong there, dude? Like, what was the 'cause I remember you really liked it. You don't got, you Don't gotta get into it though. Must get into it. Mean, I, Of course Ron wants to get into it.


It was, You know, we were doing some content together last year and She used the fuck out of him. Damn. She made hundreds of thousands of dollars a month off him. Damn. Got a check mark started making it OnlyFans all of a sudden. Oh yeah. Do you ever feel like, do you ever feel like, do you ever feel like your friends have a different perception of the relationship than you do? A hundred percent. Let's talk About thousand percent. They weren't in the re Right. They're not in the relationship. Right, Right, right, right, right. I mean, listen, it was a thing. Like it was content. It was also I've, before her, I never had a, like I never talked to a girl. I had sex before her with one other girl ever. And it was only one time. Got it. Well, no, not before her.


Okay. Hold on a minute. No, no, no. I was gonna say like, no, this is like, So I, she was the first girl I really like talked to. And my perception of it was a lot different because we weren't dating like our first kiss was on camera. So like, it wasn't like real at that time. And then when everything that came out came out, it like hurt me obviously. But I mean, yeah. That's pretty much it. Did You say her name was Darla? Yeah, Darla. Like in Little Rascal. Yeah. Little Rascals, Darla. They don't even know what that is. No, I, You know what's, you know what's crazy? Think about what he just said. Like, the reason why we were able to manage the complexities of like online relationships is because we had such a history of like, offline relationships to like build off of, right?


Like, dude, that was one of it. One of or your first relationship in real life was online. Well It wasn't even a relationship, Which is makes it even more intricate. 'cause it was, it would you call it was like an La Situationship? Yeah. Okay. Those are, you have to learn through trial and error. How to navigate those with like, bad chicks that like, you, there Was a lot of like, there was a lot of signs. I mean, you can't ignore it. No, there was, but like, like I tried helping it like it's, I mean like, I don't blame him. 'cause I mean the girl was like, she manipulated him, but like, he was always doing like such good things for her. But it was like she would do some fuck shit. And then it's like, but you're so like, oh, is this 'cause you're not dating? It's like, fuck, fuck. Well bro, also, it's, it's your first like, no, I've been for him it was like his first thing, dude.


No, that's, You know what I'm saying? And he was getting attention from a, a dope ass chick. And like, you got that, that happens to guys all the time. Like that's not something you should for Sure. You shouldn't even be fucking dissing on 'em for I'm not Ming on him, I'm just Hitting. I've seen, I see everybody give you shit for it or used to see it. But I give him a lot of shit only because I, I tried so hard to tell him. You gotta be careful out here in LA painting red flags white see green Painting, red flags, white Green. No. Green flags a good thing. Yeah, I know. White is like neutral white's neutral. It's Not the saying buddy. It's definitely, It's not, it's not what they say. It's painting red flags green. Nope.


Yes it Is. It hurt you about ask one of the the Gen Zers. Dude. It's a bunch of old as ask that kid with Da Ross hair drew. Is it, Is it drew? Is it red or Painting red flags? Yeah. Don't ask Drew's a fucking dumb. Don't ask him. He's an idiot. Fine, fine. You can kind of tell by his haircut. And bro, I get it bro. 'cause I've had some dumb ass haircuts in my life. No, that, That's not fight haircut. No, no, no, no. That's not a dumb ass haircut. That's a gutter. I'm, I'm balding bro. It's over. Don't Yeah, no, you're fine. You're fine. I'm bro, I'm good. Wait, Ron, You should have show his hair. I, I just, if we are, if if we're talking about Drew, how did Drew how explain too. That was the best part. How old are you? How old are you? Oh God. Yeah. That was when I had my dumb ass haircut face. No, Drew, say something bro.


I was doing fucking heroin, bro. But I bet you at least you had hair bro. Heroin. Who? What about, I don't know much about your Like, current relationship. Yeah. You Think, are you in one right now? Yeah, I'm about to actually be in for a year. Yeah. I thought you were gonna say you were about to propose. No, No. I just podcast like my girlfriend's off camera. Like she's private on everything. She doesn't wanna be on camera. She's also in law school, I'm pretty sure. Oh, so she's, dude. Yeah. That's the way To go. And like obviously like, You know, when a girl's good and when she's not, you could read through things. Yeah. Put in situations and like Well she never wants to, Sometimes you think you, I mean, I'm pretty smart though. I Mean, who knows In two years Lacy might be making fun of you, bro.


If he is, I I hope. But no, I keep a good job keeping it off cam and she wants to be off cam, so it's pretty good. I just feel like there's two different ways to go about it. That is, That is, I also don't want to like, I know that if I put her on camera, like if she wanted to, then it would obviously generate a lot of viewership. But I also think it's like not worth the trade off. 'cause I actually like her. So it's like, it'd be different if I was like, oh, I'm, I fuck with her. But like, I know I don't want this forever type of thing, but it's like, I've had another girlfriend I've had now this girl. So I've been in multiple relationships so I could kind of understand it. I'm not like skilled in the like relationships. But like I know that I, I like this girl a lot. So it's like, I don't want to put it for views type of thing. Hey Man, mature.


No, that is super way to, that is super mature. And I've also never done girl content really ever in my whole career. Well, lemme tell you, you'll Get, it'll give views So maybe no. Yeah, it does. But that's why it's like so cool. It's cool to me though because girl viewership though. It, it, the way I view it, since I've been doing this for like six years for like streaming. 'cause all I've done is streaming. I didn't do YouTube. It's like girl viewership will give you viewership just for that time being. But once the girl's gone, it's like, oh, they don't care about you. They care about when's the next girl? When's the girl. That's true. And then what my thing is that fucks with my mental a lot. It's like, okay, are people here for me? Are they here for who I'm around? And that's why I've never done it. I I just feel like it's not worth it. You who Cares, man. That's what I'm saying. But it's worked out for me though.


I saw You need to, you need to, if you're going to do it, you're, you're right. You're building an authentic audience. That is their, but You're cha I know what you're gonna say. I'll let you say it, but like, bro, I'm telling you Stream is he knows brother. So Parasocial you do like one stream. Even like, it, it doesn't even matter. Anytime you did a stream with a boxing girl. Yeah. Like a girl who boxes and now they're like, they want more of her because they think that they like each Other. You just need to be able to the the girl, the girls are the grabber. Then you need to keep 'em. Right. So like there's this, there was this joking comment that would always be on the night shift for the longest time, which was came for Lana stayed for Mike. You need to be able to like then thread the needle through to who you are and keep him there.


Right. So I get what you're saying it, it's more or less it's like, I know I can do that. Yeah. But No, I'm not saying you should do it. I'm saying should Do it. I'm just saying. I'm Just saying, you pick one or two lanes and it, it seems like you're going the other way. And it's, and by the way, it's not like a, it, it's a cheat code to an extent, but it's also just an, it's just another character of clogs. You know what I'm saying? You just, there's, there's, You know, wrestling characters, there's friend characters, then there's hot girl characters. There's a million different ways you can, you can cut, You know, skin the cat at the end of the day. Is it the same skin? Skin the Insane you could skin the cat at of The day. It's the same. But why are we skinning cats? I've Always wonder. It is weird. At the end of the day, people love energy.


They want energy. Right? Yeah, yeah. They want you around people. I mean, there's very few besides a moist critical and maybe like a couple other people like him that could just sit by themself. No, but that's And talk to a camera. And that's, by the way, that's very admirable. No. So that's kind of like my stuff. I, I don't even, you know, me more too. It's like Right. I just feel like I love doing stuff with like my friends, like phase guys and then myself. And I feel like it's worked out for me and that's why I keep doing it. I'd say it has. Yeah. What, What do you guys think people watch you for? I think people for, I can't speak for him, but I mean, I think people watch me for me and I, I think that way only because I've been doing it for six years of just streaming. And I've had the crazy high where my career starts and then everyone's watching me.


And then I've had the extreme low of like, nobody fucks with me anymore. Everyone's like, oh, you fell off. And then like, I found the middle ground and now I'm, I'm at the highest of my career. It's ever been sick. And so it's Like Lacy. What, what do you think people watching you for? I Think it's a mixture. It's definitely, You know, people like to laugh and I think a lot of my content's comedic. That's funny. Like, whether it's laughing with me or at me. Yeah. But like, I play that character when I need to. Like, if it's a situation where I'm getting laughed at or embarrassing myself, You know, I play that character. But yeah, I mean, I think it's a mixture of that. And then another thing is people like seeing someone who's like genuine and real. I was, I was gonna say the, the the clips I've seen of you is sometimes you're either you're, you're either being like vulnerable or like you're, you're going in.


It's an interesting no choice. You're go, well I saw, I saw, I saw you say, I saw one of your clips of you, I talk about burnout and the feeling, feeling burned out. And I was like, dude, I can relate. Like I can't every creator again, what I'm saying, do you, there's like so many t you see on Twitter or TikTok? Probably Twitter. I don't see probably Twitter. Yeah. You guys, you guys have a monopoly on this Twitter shit right now. Yeah. Like And I know A lot of People, I'm not really into streaming shit, but your shit pops up on my feed. It's because it's because they've done a, they've done what you guys have done with fa and, and by the way, like a lot of this, like, to throw it back to the mastermind being banks behind a lot of it with like feared Buck and Yik and all those guys. Like I see this shit 24 7.


Yeah. Like, I mean, 24 7. It's like, its the New media. Like, bro, I swear to God, I think TWI Twitter or X whatever it, it's like the easiest platform to understand and like keep up with stuff. It's like news basically. I, I close Twitter and open it every 15 seconds, bro. Me too. It's so bad. And it's bad's so bad toxic. It's, it's, But that's how you keep up with relevancy. That's how you keep up with what's going on. It's like, it's so bad, dude. If you can control Twitter, it's like you can control like narratives on your side. Like you can control everything. Like, it goes to your YouTube, it goes to your TikTok, it goes to everything. So Yeah. One thing I have seen besides you being vulnerable and comedic lately is, and I, this has been an interesting turn. And I like to, bro, I'm, I'm what, eight years in? He's 12 years in, something like that.


And I like to see like the different evolutions of the creators as they, as they come up. You've been getting a little ballsy lately in some of the shit you've been doing, bro. You went and stole Jack Doherty's girl dude. And you just said, bro, you just said fuck it, dude. Like, you've been, you've been, you've been doing some shit lately, bro. I think I'm, because I'm so new to everything, like I get so not emo Yeah. Emotional and like, I'm, so I not, what's, I don't even know what the word is, but from what the internet says and what like their opinions are like Affected. Yeah. Like affected by it. Like if I see even like one bad comment, I'm like, damn, someone thinks That about me. It's called one God if you see one. Yeah. See, you know how it feels if you see a thousand nice comments and then on your YouTube video you see like one negative comment.


It's got like a hundred likes. And you're like, what the fuck is this Bro? Year two. Year two? Are you serious? Of course I would ve like, what the fuck? Like they think I'm doing XY and bro wait till year five. Yeah. So it's just like, it's been like hard for me especially 'cause the way I grew up, like, like the way I grew up, I was like, I was friends with everyone. Sweet kid. No one disliked me, ever sweet kid. I was not, I was a sweet, Sweet home sweet kid. Only a hundred people in the town. Yeah. But I mean, and then I go into the internet and I get thrown into all this with people hating on like every single aspect of my life. Everything I do, every move I make, it's like being judged under a microscope. And I, at first it was just hard. So I would say whatever I needed to say to like, stop the hate.


But recently I've just been getting more adjusted to it and just saying like, how I feel and not caring what they think. Good. Wait until you have no soul. Good. So it's common dude. No. Hey, that's, that's a life you chose A and B. That's life. That's life. It's, it's unrealistic to be universally liked. Yeah. It's, it, it's simply unrealistic and nah, I Mean, yeah, you look at like Mr. B, same thing. It's like you do so much good and then it's like, it's like how can, how can you hate Mr But that's how I, that's how I un ironically like deal with hate too is like, I look at like, I swear to God. Like I, I've looked at like you or look, I'll look at people in my field like Kai, like as a streamer or like even Aiden. And they keep going when all these narratives are on them. It's like, okay, if they can do it, like why can't I? No Facts for Sure. One, one thing that I, that, oh, I've been through the ringer a thousand fucking times.


But, but one thing that has resonated with me was I, I came to the very real realization that I, I will not let the opinions of strangers change affect who I know I am. But they're strangers and they're entitled to their opinion. They really are like, that's, Hey man, so are we. You know? Yeah. And my opinion is, is feel I don't give a fuck about your opinion. We are we good? We good. If a if a random person came up to you in the street who didn't know you and was like, yo, fuck you. Fuck you, dude. Your eyebrows looks fucking stupid. Do you have, do you hold my eyebrows? It's insane. Just, they're so, they're so neat. It's like 90 degree angles. Really? They're not good right Now. I need to get Weeks.


No, they look nice. Do You have people that ever even come up to you guys? And hell no. I was, I never, never, Never. Oh, I do All the time. Not in person. It's like little kids, people close me. It's fat. Tell me I'm on ozempic. Tell me, fuck if the Fat is like, No Way. But fat Is like a, it's like a joke bro. It's not like a, it's like a real thing. If someone came up to you and said something crazy. We've had, we've had it. Ha dude, I can count on one hand, That's what I'm, it's that're never gonna have someone who's also successful say something like crazy. The Issue is is that at their age, yeah. You guys are young. They, they, They still don't know who they are. Yeah. And that's, so a lot of that, a lot of that public input and a lot of the nasty stuff. Like bro think I'm 40 years, I've been through the ringer, bro, I've been dead 12 times.


I've had ample like everything under the sun. So when you say, say anything to me, basically, when you say anything to me, it does not matter what it Is. It could be the darkest, true, most horrible thing ever. It's true. It literally does not even raise up. It's also so weird. I'll let you finish. I don't even, I don't even notate that it's being said. It does. There's no effect that anything can have because I know exactly who I am. I'm so aware of who I am, the things I've done in my life, who I've, all of those things. Right. So I think the reason, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, it's so weird right now is because one, the internet, people are getting way more impressions for hating now. Anytime you see something hateful, it's always does way better. It's filled with it like millions and millions of impressions.


And not only that, like compared to YouTube, since we're live streaming, they can see our instant reaction of things. So when these pages like write these narratives on us, people will come in and instantly have an opinion off you without even like seeing your content. Because they know us just as streamers. They don't know us as like YouTubers so like, it, it's so negative. That Is, that is super interesting how It's a whole different world. They can see your live reaction. Yeah. Like, like if if the chat spamming, like That's the thing. Its like, See how you reacts? Like you can't cut. When I was on Aiden stream, it was, it was for Sure, for Sure. But you know what's gonna happen. But it is interesting. It's, they have a little bit more access to you technically. And something catches right The wrong Way. You know how it's, but you could read through someone.


It's like, if you're in the room and you see a ton of messages, someone's gonna, there's gonna be a point where everyone catches on. Like, oh look, it's getting to 'em. Like Yeah. It's like, It happens. It used to happen to me, me a lot when I was streaming. Like it would happen to me all the time because I streamed for like a good two years when I like at the end of the relationship with Lana. And like, that makes sense to me. Like when you see something, because think about it for us, like commentary is after the fact. Yeah. We've already put the content out. We had a creative direction. We can, and the best part, You don't have to read the comments. Like if you guys post this, you don't have to read it. Right. Or if you do read it, you could choose like, okay, I'm gonna read a couple and then I'm, I'm off. Yeah. The thing is like, bro, they can really control the whole chat. Like if they, if they want to hate on something, if you do something fucked That's like I call too, if you see like, if three people start spamming a message that you don't want to see, then the whole chat sees it before You, they read right through.


There's Thousands people saving the message. You can't ignore it. Who, Who? What's this demographic? Like what? You, you, You, it honestly it it, it, you'd be very surprised, honestly, mine used to ve like super young. But like, I honestly think it's like, it's still young, but I think it's like 17, 18, like to 20. Usually you, You keep calling 'em Parasocial. What? Like the Oh yeah. I mean para people not use that word anymore. No, No. Yeah. I'm just not So player social in the way of like, they think that they live through us. They live through us. So in a sense it's like reality TV shows. Let me think of a good like analogy. It's like basically something that, I don't know what I could think of, but it's like, it's basically they, they want to be, they don't, they like being involved as much as we are involved. So if we do something good examples, like with a girl, they think that, that we love this girl.


They want to wi they wanna win basically. I don't know what's the good, It's like, it's honestly the way I see it is they're playing like sims. Like they're trying to like, yeah, they're Trying to shape. That's a good example. They're trying build us and shape us into how they think we should act and be and do things we should do based off what they think. And if we do something wrong, they think they did something wrong. Like it's a bad image on them. It's like, yeah, it's, It's honestly, but it's, it's so interesting. It's interesting, but it's also understandable because with like a YouTube video or TikTok, like you post a video, right? You cut it to what you wanna see. But if you're on stream, they see your life eight hours a day. They see how you live, they see you, they see you pissed. They see when you go shit, they see when you eat, they see.


So it's like you Can't cut. So it's like if something, if you get a text, something happened or if just the stream's not going right, let's like, I'm sure you guys had Like, if me and Ron are doing a stream together and we get into like, we actually get like, yeah. Just like friends do we get an argument? Yeah. Like just over some bullshit to keep, we like, and they see that it becomes, They start posting it like we hate each each other. Like, oh, it's clean and guys, it sounds horrible. No, it Is, it Is it awful? It really is a fun, It's really bad. No, but I'm saying it's like, have you guys, I'm sure especially you, I'm sure there's been days where you've shot YouTube videos and you're like, actually I, I'm gonna scrap this, whatever. You can't do that. Like if we're streaming and we're like, oh, we're scrapping this idea of midstream, it says hate. Oh man. For the whole day, At the very least We can scrap A Portion of it.


It's why doing that? Really it's energy based bro. It's like if someone collabs right and they don't show up for an hour and a half late and it's on stream, it's just like everyone's shit talking the person then the person sees, they're like, I'm out. Then the whole stream gets like fucked for the whole, the whole, the rest of the day is like, fuck the energy's not there. Why? Why do you guys stream? It's the best thing. I love it. I mean I still love streaming. It makes, it doesn't make sense. I love streaming. I love my community. I think where it, what the issue is is let's say there's 20,000 people watching a stream and then there's a thousand people that don't like it. That thousand people that don't like it speaks louder than I'm It's the vocal minority. Yeah. So then you see that and that's the hardest part. But like then there's 19,000 people that are sitting there watching the stream, genuinely enjoying it.


But all you see is the thousand people in the Twitter community te saying that me and Ron hate each other. 'cause we got into an argument over And also who dropped a piece of pizza? It, it twists a lot of shit too. Like to keep, I'll end this topic in a sec 'cause I know we probably have more, but like it, it's so easy for like him to read something, for me to read something and get like manipulated by it. Yeah. Even though we're smart, like, so there's been days where he thinks I feel a way against him and I feel a way or he feels a way against me because we read through these Twitter communities, they like build these narratives. And that goes back to the original thing is like, I really think like the way Twitter clips are and TikTok clips, like it's starting to get worse and worse of like building like these narratives. Yeah. It's just like falling Again. It goes, it's like a news thing. That's why I was saying it's like, it's like the news.


A Perfect example that I can give you is a few days ago we did a stream me Ron Marlin and Neon. And there was one clip that went like viral on Twitter because a clip page what're talking about said, fa boys ignore neon when, when he tries to talk to them. But we were literally hanging out with him the whole day. We were Like, it was like a five second moment where we didn't hear what he said. We didn't hear what he said. We just didn't hear. But then you have all like, it has like millions of impressions. People saying, oh, they just have egos now this, that like, they clearly don't like him when that's not the case at all. Everything in everything in the clip and the short form world is so misleading. Like, yeah, I feel like it star in the last like two years. It's, Dude, it's, it's very, it's insane. It's all, it's all, I mean, listen, headline and clickbait content has been the way of life since all the way back from the beginning.


But this new clip thing is just insane because like a create, It's so much easier if you click made a YouTube video, people are gonna tend to watch more of the video minutes. Right? These clips are seconds. But, but think about this too. But think about this too. If you clickbait a YouTube video, you then go and watch the YouTube video. Exactly. And you No, but you realize that the clickbait wasn't true. When you watch a clip, you, you don't go and you gotta revisit the stream. You gotta check Off that dude. When those people see those clips, it's instant. They'll never ever like us ever forever. How cr and and your the little commentary pages, the ones on Twitter, they're part of the, the headline. Oh, they eat, yeah.


Adjustment. They grow their pages Because they grow their, make money off. A big one for just not even a big one, but just a funny one from the past couple days is DDG posted his, the screenshot of the $12 million. You guys saw that right there? My biggest month. My biggest month, yeah. $12 million. I see that immediately in my 40-year-old Onk brain. I say to myself, huh, funny. Like, You know, quick little joke. Maybe he made 200,000 last month on Twitch. Maybe, maybe. I don't know. Right? Like that is that a Probably made like half a Million, half a mill. Right? I see $12 million. I'm like, dude, there's obviously No way. Yeah, someone's gonna see this. And ve like, dude, DDG made. But that's, then I go, then I go and I say, oh wow.


Complex posted it but's the thing. It's like they get Click m or it, I can't tell if they get, if they're that dumb or if they know it's a joke and they try To spread it and they play into it to try to spread it more. That's a, that's an X thing, A Twitter and X thing. You just never know if people are being, there was a, there was a bunch of people at one of these protests yesterday waving red, white and green Mexican flags. I Saw Your comment and this, yeah, and this lady tweets, there's no room for Islamists. This girl in, in, in the United States. This girl Had like 45. Mike got baited so hard. I saw. No, I saw it. No, that's not true. I was driving on the way here. She, She posted a bunch of stuff about it.


She was dead serious. She was dead serious. And I wrote, those are fucking Mexican flags. You absolute moron. And it got like, You know, she got probably like 20,000 likes. My comment got 5,000. But it was like, dude, either she's baiting or she's that dumb. You never know. That's Dumb. You know, it's like, bro, we, we started opening Pokemon packs and it started getting so big, like on the streams, or we would average like 30,000 viewers just opening these packs. And there were like, the real Pokemon community got mad that we were buying the packs and opening them, but like, rather than like keeping them boxed, You know what I'm talking about? No way. Yeah, no, were mad.


They were What boxes Were you opening? Normal bo evolution. The bigger ones. Like the thousand dollar boxes, bro. They were mad because they called it, What is it? Scalpers? I don know. I don't know. Oh. I mean, I, but bro, we're opening the shit that's people are reselling. I don Yeah. I don't understand. I don I don't understand more of that was what I was trying to say is like people just like, have these narratives and they just hate The answer to all of this is fuck 'em. Yeah, that's true to all of this, bro. I'm telling you, you have to maintain that through life no matter what. And I mean, even if You don't wanna look back five years and ve like, wow, I let that affect me. Like some stupid shit, bro. Even if you, even if you do something wrong, like truly wrong. Learn from like learn from it. Yeah. Right. But don't beat yourself bro. These 'cause 'cause here's why people say the things they say, there's only one reason.


It's not 'cause you're wrong. It's not 'cause you're doing the wrong thing. Or they're j jealous. People hate themselves. Oh yeah. People hate themselves. That is the reason why someone's calling you a name or calling you a name or calling us names. They don't like themselves. Have you ever seen some super uber successful person just No, but that's what I'm dumb shit online. Yeah. No, they're not doing it. They Don't have time for that. No, because they're busy loving themselves and loving their people and making money and earning and having a purpose. You can't have like much of a brain to go, like go on a TikTok and like, comment, let alone something negative. Like, it's like you can't have much going on to say something. Especially para socially. Like just, It's, it's insane. Also insane. You and cars.


You love cars. Ronnie? Yes, Ronnie. But my sweet Ronnie boy. Yes. Are You in the 200 club? 200 club? Is That 200 miles an hour? Oh, of course in Mexico. Of course. Are you Serious? What? What? You say that I did it in my Porsche? Yeah. You went 200. What? It was like 180 something. No, it doesn't count. It's not gonna Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy. It was like, it was one 90 something doesn't count. Just went up. Okay, so I'll hit 200 S. Not what I'm saying. You peer pressure. Bad idea. Should we do it while drinking? No, You eat here, had a bottle of tequila. Change it up. Drive, Drink your fucking, you're gonna bring your ice Drew with them too, bro.


Nah, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't Do it. Because that at that speed bro, you Ain't no coming back. You'll turn the mush, you'll turn the mashed potatoes. What, what car was that in? That you were going faster, Right? It was before it was a Porsche. GT three GT three. The car I have now is a GT three Rs. So It's like Oh, so you got an RS now? Yes. That's your, is that what you're driving right now? I have a GLE too. 63. And you were pissed 'cause you got rid of my car. Yeah, I had a RSQ eight and I Got rid of it. I love that Car. Yeah. It's my favorite car that I've ever had. I just love cars in general. I feel like that was always like my therapy, like everyone has their therapy for certain things. Like driving. It doesn't even have to be fast. Just driving in general for me, like at night, near the beach, like through the canyons, like it's always helped me mentally like just chill out.


Like relax A hundred. Those night rides with the ride. My Mom used to do the same with me when I was a baby. Yeah, yeah. 180 5 in Mexico. She was just driving around the car. I was a little baby. What's Your therapy? You gotta have some What? Well, it was playing fucking Tetris, but they shamed me out of it 'cause I've just been Oh, I saw that too long, bro. I just long didn't fuck em like, like game. Fuck em bro. Bro, what the fuck, bro? It's the only thing that shuts my mind off next to weed, which I tried not to do. 'cause it adversely affects me man. I, I don't, I don't really know. I really, I really like chilly with my fiance probably. Yeah, That's true. You have A wife, you got a wife now.


You have a kid, kid. It's a lot kid's Fun. Yeah, kid's fun. But I mean, yeah, I like driving. I've always liked driving, but yeah, it's not a good form of investment for Sure. Buying cars, depreciate Acid. Some of them. Some of them. Yeah. But that's like, I mean, my car's not gonna lose value. Like it was 400,000. They go, they still go for like, even if you have 10,000 miles, like three 50, et cetera. It's not like bad, bad drop off. But it's like also it's stupid shit. I mean, It it, dude, if it's what you like. Yeah. It's part of the life you guys live. It's Crazy. I wanted a four by four so bad. They're sick, dude. But there's so much money. They're expensive. Hold their value. So annoying. The one I Got held my value. It was really fucking Annoying. It's so annoying, bro. Really? It's just such a shitty rough drive.


It's No, because I, I lifted, I lifted it. So the shocks this suspension. Well And the top. I always Liked SUVs as a whole. I love suv. I love the cross. I yeah, I was gonna say. Yeah. Ooh, how is that? I love it. It it is been my dream car. I've always wanted a Eris. So Isn't that so cool when you buy your first like dream car? Yeah. In, in in, in the, what you guys do and you're like, dude, I'm, I bought my dream car, my 21st Birthday. So cool man. Good. The same day. So cool. And by the way, the, what was it? It was the GT three Ah, at the time it was two, it was a year and a half ago. By, by the way, the appreciating assets that they tell you to buy, they don't always appreciate either. Well, The thing is, well thing Is, it's, it's such like a, it sounds so cliche, but like it has appreciating assets in different ways.


Like bro buying that car changed my life. Mental, like bro, I had, I just enjoyed life. Like I, obviously, I don't let materialistic things like control me, but it just, it made me happy and it also made me, it felt like a trophy. It felt like I worked for this. Yeah. It's like something I, I, I wanted and I feel like I comfortably deserved it. Like I made sure my, my h my mom's house paid off. I made sure I retired my mom. So I was like, okay, this is something I always wanted. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Jake, Jake and I both share a mentality in like, when we first making like, real money on YouTube and, and, and bought our first like What's real money For you man back then? Like if we made like a mill off of YouTube, Jesus from vlogging. What do you what?


Damn, what is that? A lot. Nah, I I'm not gonna cut you off too much, but I'm, I heard you said you made millions off merch Truck. Man. Do you wanna, do you wanna take a guess at what 2017 was? I'll tell you. 2017, like how year Or your, in That year take a guess to Now. I want to finish what he was saying. No. Take a guess For you Or him for him. 2017 Is this guy you like your No, I just know that. Yes. Yes. 30 million More. More. Way more. Way more. Because you had, you had YouTube dis tracks. You had fucking, every vlog would normally get like, what, five to 10 million plus Every day is a commercial. Every single day. Merch. Did you have, did you, I don't know if you had sponsor, you kind of just No, no Merch.


Just on merch. I made 50 mil. We grossed 50 mil in 2017. There were, there was three days in a row where I made a million bucks each day for the Black Friday weekend. I was, I brought every three Days I strangle three Days row. Wait, What did you make, what did you make a million dollars doing for Black Friday? Merch, merch. Merch. Mech Merch. Chop. This shit was like merch chops. It was so like universal. Like you just, it also Became a part of my brand. I'm still, I'm the maverick bro. Like, to, to this day. Like that's my, that's my brand. I I really resonate with it. Yeah. 'cause it's like, you know, I mean, you guys don't be different. Like you don't, everyone's fucking cookie cutter copy and paste version of the next one. Easy way to, to stand out is be different and then weaponize the things that make you different and get really good at them.


'cause no one else is Yeah. People are boring. What I'm saying is, I, I think I, I had just made like around a million off of YouTube when we first started logging before the merch really popped off. Yeah. And I bought the $400,000 lift of gwa. That was your first Yeah, it's one of the best cars. Like basically half. It's such a fire. It it was sick, but like, I basically spent all my money and it was the first time I was like, whoa. Oh fuck. I gotta work now though. That's, That's how I felt. Yeah. It's, and it's kind of nice 'cause it gives you a little motivation to like up it keep, keep fucking going and like you can't stop now. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and Jake, Jake too just recently has made some insane purchases.


Insane. And it, it motivates him to keep fighting. Yeah. I mean, it, it's all situational. I mean, if you made a million in a debt, yeah. I would buy 400,000 cards. No, it wasn't in a day then at that point, that was like, that was like the year, What I had day for year. Was that before? Was that before or after you found out about that thing that your mom told you you had to do, but you told him, you said that it was impossible. Taxes. Yeah, she called him and she goes, You know, you gotta, what'd you say? You gotta pay half of that to your taxes. Was that first time like paying taxes? Like for real, for real. Like good. Like, you know what I'm like that bracket? Yes. Yes. For yes for real. Yeah. And I saw, I saw it and it was just super painful. Not, oh, What I'm sure have You guys, wait, have you guys sent your, have you guys sent your, no. Hold on. This is a big one.


No, no, not your first one. Have you sent your first real seven figure wire for taxes yet? Like, were it seven figures? Very, very close. It is the worst day of your entire life. Seven figure a million a milk plus debit straight out your account. I'll remember the first time I did it, it was the worst day I've ever had in my entire life. God, we live such rough life, bro. Go. No, no, no, no, no. It actually was, you're right. It wasn't the worst day, but it was terrible. See this? Someone's gonna Clip that. No, no, no, no. It's him bro. By the way, by the way, by the way. Fuck him. Yeah. Fuck, fuck him. But dude, you'll see it. 'cause it goes down to the, the next line of, It's not even, it's not even that. It's just like, it's like, what am I doing?


It's like, do I really gotta pay this Bro in California? Dude. California. Yes sir. It's horrible, bro. Yes sir. Fastest dollar earned. Is the dollar saved, brother. You guys work for the government until about, well right now, June, the good news is you guys make money for the rest of the year. It's yours. This guy's fucking with us Because he, do you hear what I'm saying? Puerto Rico, check it out. Check it out. Well you pay like 50% taxes probably. Yeah. Plus, okay, so half of the year, six months outta the year you are working for the government. The money you make on the back half of the year then is yours that you actually get to keep. I never Thought about that. Is It the back half now? That's bullshit. Hey, you know, for What bro? Took Mike an hour to get here.


Potholes, cops yelling at cops. Wouldn't even let him get, get in his own house. You pro for president. I may, maybe I will have if I think I can really benefit the country. It's a, it's a it's a tough job. It's a very tough job. I'd have to, I'd have to be in a place where it makes sense. Do You know else? I message think Mr. I Was gonna Say, 'cause someone's a realistic, someone who's gonna be present in the future, played Fortnite, fucking watched our videos. Watch someone's gonna ve like that, that's gonna be the president. It's Weird. That's Horrifying. You guys, you guys don't think of, of the ripple effect that you have on young people. But you'll you'll, you'll experience it one day and it's, it's a, it's a cool feeling when It's the realism too. If you have realistically, like, just for easy terms, if you have a million fans, there's gonna be one that's very successful out of that million.


And there's gonna be one that changes something like ripple effect. Like it's going to keep going. It's a butterfly effect. Yeah. And, and I'm telling you now 'cause I'm 30. Damn. Yeah bro. And you'll be 31 day two. Believe it or not, bro. I know it sounds crazy. If you lucky if you stay under 200 miles an hour if you're lucky. By the way, how crazy is that? That's the craziest part. They piss on you. But they don't realize. We're just really lucky to have got, I thought I was cooked at 27 for Sure. I thought I was gonna back 27 was was they're gonna die. I thought it was for what? Definitely 27 club. I'm a I was a dumb ass. I was a crazy, was doing crazy shit. But yeah, no, I I now that I've, I'm, I'm a vet essentially. I have people come up to me who are successful young people, but they're like, dude, I watched you.


And I'm like, holy shit. Like, So it, it actually leads me to my question. If you guys don't mind, I don't know how much time we have. I'm chilly, Chilly. When you say like you've been doing it for so long and you're a vet, how do you 'cause for someone, like, I can't speak for him, but someone like me, I've been doing it for six years, but like, probably like four and a half, like real successful ones. How do you not get burnt out like both of y'all? That's a great question. That's a great question. Because I feel And how do and how do you so much Yeah, but I was gonna say, how do you pivot successfully? 'cause obviously when people pivot it, fuck, a lot of time it fucks up. Like how do You know when, okay, it's time to pivot because obviously you start from something like a vier and then you go to a YouTuber and then obviously whatever stuff happens and then you still do YouTube and then you boxing and then He's the king.


Bro, Listen, that's why I'm asking. It's like He's the king. He's the king of evolution. The one thing, the one thing that will burn you out is not evolving you. Because, because like for How do You know when to evolve? I'll tell you. You'll, you should know. I've known that it was time. I How many did you guys watch the, you watched the night shift right when you were coming off? Yeah, I watched a little too when I, when I, I should have evolved the night shift four years ago. You know what I'm saying? Like he, he know he, do you wanna know the real thing He does? He evolves before it's time to evolve. Sometimes. Sometimes you do, right? Like with the, with the boxing stuff, you were forced into it. Yeah. By, by like needing to, to change. But I, I Guess, I guess the question is how do you, how did you maintain that?


Not get burnt out? You also do burn out. You just, Everyone burns out. I'm saying like you just fight Through it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well sometimes when you fight through it, you end up just fucking yourself more. Because It's like G seven Ozzy. Yeah. Mean, jeez. Shut up G seven. It's, it's a great question. And for every creator, it's basically inevitable. The burnout is coming. For Sure. You gotta you gotta, you gotta ha equip your, equip yourself with a toolbox, with the right tools for when it happens. You have to be willing to take a step back and like breathe for a second and like, not be glued to the craft. Which can be daunting. 'cause like, You know, you stop. I'm sure your audience is fucking upset.


You know, they think you're slacking. That's The thing, taking Time off. Like, dude, I like, if I missed a day of vlogging when I was daily vlog, it was like, it, it just, it wouldn't happen. I, I, I refused to miss a fucking day. That's how it is for us. And then guess what happened? I posted a fucking horrible video online. 'cause my dumb ass was like, I can't miss a day. This is the only content I have for the day. Fuck myself. Number two, personally, I have a bit of occupational a, DHD. So I will find something that I love and I'll do it for a while until I kind of like run it into the ground. But I'm doing something I love. I get to do what I love. And it really helps when you're passionate about what you're doing.


It's interesting to me though. I feel like every time that you've pivoted, like you were very close to like peak too. Like you pivoted on something that you were doing really good on. So like, what made you want to change when you were doing really good? Like for us, like I feel like we're at the top of our careers right now for streaming, but like, when you were at the top of YouTube or top of Vine, you pivoted. Like why, why did you do it? Like, I, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like you did it during your, like your, when you were your biggest at that Maybe on the outside it looked like that. Yeah. But I think on the inside I knew that, I think that fire that I, I originally had for vining or that fire I had for vlogging or even boxing, I could feel it. I could feel it dwindling and, and it, on the outside, the views are all there.


I could get big fights, but I just, I was losing that. I was losing that fire. Like, like right now, for example, bro, that that wwe e fire is fucking huge in me. Yeah. Like my soul is on fire for wrestling and it's, it's the first thing in my life where like, well You grew up on that too, right? Yeah. Yeah. And it hasn't gone down. And so at like, at 27 finally I was like, I I Got it. I found my fucking thing. Holy shit. It took me seven years of trying everything to find my thing. And that's another thing. And he says it a lot. I say it a lot, man experiment. Don't, don't be afraid to, to try different mediums and formats. You crazy Shit. Yeah. Nuts. I mean, I Don't know about you, but I don't wanna be a streamer forever. Like, I really don't, dude. It's it's exhausting though guys.


It's Like, well dude, I mean, for instance, he did, I mean he didn't have to do it, but he did 72 hours straight and the night. That sounds crazy. And then the day after he took one day break, it's like 10 hours and then 10 hours break and then 10. It's like most of your day, imagine waking up at like 11 or like nine, whatever, right? And then you have a couple hours for yourself and then at like 12 o'clock or one o'clock you stream until midnight basically. Boy, That's Crazy. No, but you, that's, That's, then you Repeat it. But you need to be doing it now because you will get to a point where like, like I've, I've just gotten to that point myself a lot because we're seven, we're almost seven years in on this podcast of pretty, pretty much of, pretty much every we started. It's been that long Dude. We're 20 seven Years doing Shit forever. 18, bro. So, so for seven years, that's, I Didn't even know that.


Seven years in the beginning we put out three episodes a week. How crazy is that? And then we went to two and now we're, now we're weekly. But that entire time, all seven of those years, I've put out a night shift every fucking week from a different country on the planet. Like two months ago or three months ago or five or whatever. I Got to a point where I'm like, dude, I just, you get to a point where you will not allow your career decisions to jeopardize the progress you want to make in life. Your, your job is not your life. No matter how much you want to believe it is. And no matter how long you can pretend that it is for at some point you have to pay the piper. And you have to realize, wow, my mom is seven years older than she was when I last spent a full day thinking about spending time with her.


You know, my, my, my kid is growing up before my eyes. I'm growing up. So that's how I felt too. You Know what I'm saying? Like it's a very, it's a very weird and real thing when you realize that you've just given seven years or eight or 10 or 12 years of your life to your job, to your career. And you, You know, and, and you, you've done a, a great job balancing it with other things. Especially now as you, as you push on with the family stuff. But at some, it's, I think it's j Cole life has a funny way of forcing you to calm down, I think and slow down at times and really look and ve like, okay, I gotta pump the brakes a little bit. And that's when you guys will, ve like the streaming will have to be the first thing to, the reason we're able to do this is because it's it's it's automated.


Would you say based on what you've guys seen and what You know, even about us, it's kind of a stupid question, but it's just a question for me, I guess. 'cause obviously like, in a way, like I look up to both you, it's like when you see our careers, do you think we're like early in the middle or Is it like, okay, it's starting to reach like a point, like where we need to transition? Are we like early in what we do you think, I don't think you should switch anything at the moment. Not, no, I don't. I think you guys are onto something. That's, that's how I feel. I think you guys are onto something, especially with, with the group of guys are at with, oh, I mean I love, I think, I think, I think, I think take this, take this far as far as you can start, start experimenting, experimentally, figuring out Thinking what, Like what, what interests you, what, what formats you think you can do You like driving bro?


Yeah. Car shows. That's Man, I made a car channel. Yeah, it doesn't Really, okay. Okay, perfect. I Ron's garage. Yeah, it's like the stable, it's what it's called. Yeah. Stable. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, I saw something about that. Yeah. Great, great. Like more of that. More of that. Yeah. Format is your best friend if possible. That's the if, if at all possible. It's like, it's like, I always wish and I, and still continue to wish that I would take some of the formats that I like integrated into the night shift episodes and just make 'em standalones. Like, bro, do You know how long ago the burger reviews should have just became TikTok Burger reviews? I could have had a full ownership of that format and I just kept doing YouTube. YouTube. Because another thing that you'll have to figure out is when you have to be very counterintuitive and go against the money.


'cause because bro, I Got to a point where, You know, this GE manager Jeff knows is better than anybody. The only thing I cared about was that $40,000 pre, mid episode sponsor. Yeah. It was the only thing I cared about, dude. 40, 50, 75, whatever it was. Right? Yeah. Not, not the only thing I cared about. Like I I would push my audience away from it or anything like that. But like, I wouldn't reformat, I wouldn't risk the views because I wanted Right. The sponsorships. What was, You know what I'm saying? That's Actually, that kind of leads me to another question. What was like the most, 'cause we, I feel like we do a lot of content creation that obviously involves investing, whether it be a thousand dollars worth it be $10,000, it's employees, it's clipping pages, whatever it is.


Like what's the most like y'all have ever spent on like a content idea? I'm curious, By the way, it's really fun being on your show right now. I'm Sorry. I I love it. No, Ron, maybe I'm Talking, I'm Just, I'm sick. I'm interested. I mean, Bro Logan, because We've spent like, what was the most you spent what? Like in A, on one Stream have some Yeah, one stream. I think the most I've spent is like, it's crazy but it's nothing crazy. And the reason I ask this, by the way, is 'cause I feel like a lot of people who come, who are coming up like kids, they always think that you need to invest crazy amount of money or you need the craziest team or you need the craziest production. So it's like, I don't know, I think the most I spent was like pride with between like five to $10,000 on, on a Solution. Yeah. So I mean, I mean that's, that's, that's, that's significant.


But dude, there, there there's so many creator tools now.


No, it's, you don't have to exactly do opus clip, for example, for you guys would be so good to syndicate content. When we first started this podcast, it took us probably 30 episodes before we were like effectively getting clips out. And that was 30 good episodes where like people weren't seeing us unless they sat down for the full podcast. Right. It was simply unacceptable. But it was also really hard to find a clipper this, this, this, this site opus clip now, for example, will do it all for you. And they're all incredible. Is it ad read? Yeah. And I'm an investor in the company. I'm an investor in the company. See, you're you're smart. You're Smart, dude. I'm an you made my joke for me, dude. I didn't even know that. They're incredible. I love, I Love it. But it's easy now and there's no fucking excuses to not get your shit out there. Where Do you, where do you draw the line though? As, hold On bro. Let him finish his ad read Opus clip. An AI clipping site for any type of content can also edit your content. Oh my god, dude, I'm an investor. Go ahead.


It's not, it's where do you draw the line as to what, what an investment for content is? Like for example, 'cause they putting money into No, no, because listen, people People lose money all the time though. It's fine For, for example, because I'm shooting something and he can, he can say the same thing because I'm shooting something. I'll sometimes make a purchase that I wouldn't have made if I wasn't making it into content. For Example, I didn't really necessarily wanna spend, you know, $200,000 on my, the first Range Rover that I bought when I Got here. But I said to myself, if I go take this out in cash, go get 200 bands in cash and bring it in a duffel bag to the dealership, that's Gonna be a sick piece of content.


You'll make 15 K Off. That's gonna be a sick piece of content. Yeah, exactly. No more, More like 50. So I would I think content pushes you to do shit that, I mean Yeah. Mean there's gonna be con there's gonna be content that you like, that you'll make money. There's gonna be content that you like, that you won't make money. Dude. I mean, a good example kind of right now is like, like the, what, what Kai did for like even the streamer university. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I'm sure he put in a crazy amount of money and I don't, I'm sure he broke even or made money, but like, he obviously put in a lot and that's why I was like curious to see like, damn is like, is content evolution, especially for streaming, like is you, you think it's gonna ve like More like investing? Because I feel like that's like the route it's taking right now is like, I think it just depends on the streamer.


It does the way you get bigger. Yeah, but the, the dude, the stuff that like really starts to change the game is like when you invest, because like most people when it came to streaming was the, they just turn on the stream. Yeah. And they did their content. Like it's not like a YouTube video where you plan. So it's like, I, I don't know. It certainly fe it certainly feels like it by way of what you're seeing with like 20 V one, the side stuff. The side men have like, certainly like changed the, well everyth Has Repackaged revolutionized everything with the amount of money in production that they put into their business. Yeah. And then obviously nobody bigger than Mr. Beast. Right? Like mis the Mr. Beast stuff is just insane. Obviously not yet caught streamers Now. I like that Rob. Nah, I'm just kidding. I'm not. Nah, I couldn't Even imagine putting like over million dollars Into a video.


Yeah, I give props. I mean, it makes sense. It's like if you had $10 and you put in a dollar, if you have 10 million, you put in a million. If you have like a hundred million, you put in 10 million. It's like the same concept, but it's like, it is crazy to me how much money he invests. It's like, it's insane. It's, it basically, I saw a tweet recently saying that he doesn't have any liquid money. I don dunno how true that is, but No, it's, it's in the hundreds of thousands. It, it all goes into making videos. It's crazy. He's he's so dedicated to His graph. No, his exit route has to be crazy. He might not even have one though. No, dude, he, he, because when we talked to him he was talking about like, stuff like just crazy things, plans. And I'm like, whoa bro, Bro, he said the words I want to take over The world plus, Hey, and he will.


I'm no, He probably will. He probably will. He'll, he definitely will. He's gonna create the next Disney for Sure. Yeah, I could see that. Dude. I'm, I'm a successful guy. When I hang around Jimmy, I feel like a fucking loser. No, He made me feel like a Loser and not, not kidding. I leave North Carolina, his studio and I'm like, dude, what the fuck am I doing with my life? Like, I just feel so shitty. It's, I can't keep up with Him. He's a robot. Hey, do You know who else we messaged to do to do a show with today? Hmm. Well we weren't the first option. No, no, no, no, no. We did multiple shows. Oh, okay. Bki. Oh, What's going on there? Dude, That's a, I mean, Lacy himself. Why You got beefing so hard? We're not, we're not really beef.


I mean, it's very Beef. I saw you, I saw you spazzed. I mean you were going in. Dude, listen, I just don't like her. But What? Don't Say but why Did that, why did that, how did it all come about again That Trish? Sometimes I get a little fired up on stream and I'll just say whatever comes to my mind. But bro, It was bad. It was bad because you meant what you said. Yeah, I did. I did. I mean, she felt it. She, she contacted me after the stream and You know, she basically like Threatened you with lawyers, I remember. No, she actually didn't. She hit me up and she was like, Hey, like I don't want to beef anymore, blah, blah. Like, I'm sorry she apologized for what she did and I was just like, okay, cool. Yeah, like whatever. I won't talk about you anymore. I mean, I just don't like her.


What was the, wait, what is the I just don't, what's the origin again? I had a good friend back in Dallas and she did him like very dirty man. She cheated on him. Yeah. Wait, like a Oh, oh, oh, sorry. Yeah, I know. Okay. Yeah, sure. Okay. But didn't, but didn't she, didn't she like tweet something or respond to something and kind of like, oh yeah, I Got kicked from fa and she responded to the tweet with like, For no reason, For no reason. I haven't talked about her in probably like eight months. She randomly she reposted it and she commented like, like maybe like good or like thank, she must said thank God he was, thank God, I think she said thank God for no reason. Do you think, okay.


Do you think that you response was like, was like within reason of her you Didn't have it? Well, There was more, there was more dialogue going back and forth. Oh, There's a lot I don Saw. I didn't really, I didn't really respond to it. I was just like, oh, that's weird. And then she made another one just kept coming at me and I'm just like slowly like fueling up. Then we went back and forth on Twitter for a little bit and then I just went on stream and talked about her. But Is there, is there a strange world where she just puppeteered you like a, like a puppet? Oh, a hundred percent. For more, for more. Oh, sales were a hundred percent for more subs. Oh yeah. The sales were down a hundred percent. Yeah. That's definitely why she commented on that a hundred percent. But I don't give a fuck.


We just boosted her shit right now. No, that, That's what I'm saying. Probably. That's so funny. 'cause at the end of the day, I guess it is all just material that drives back to the thing That's, It doesn't matter. I mean, the thing is like the people, like, like people call me the method, like he said earlier, like, oh, I gave girls check marks, this, that he's not wrong, but like I, that's kind, That's kind of sick. I Feel like it's No, he doesn't get a percent Off them. No, the method's cool. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it's like, fuck Bro. I don't know. But I, the the way I see it is like, like people obviously say, oh, you, you do this, you now, this girl's getting thousands of views and viewers, but like, I'm also gaining viewers. That's, that's why. You Know what I mean? It's like, it Is, it is a little mutual. Maybe it's not always the same. It might not be the same. Nah. But it, dude, it's all all feeding the Same beast.


But I Got stuff, I Got content out of it. Yeah. Yeah. And like I'm sure a lot of people for the first time saw you. Yeah. Again, bro, that's one of the videos of you that popped up on my, I literally was like, why the fuck am I seeing this? This dude makes no sense. This Dude means what, what is going on here? Dude, this is insane. So yeah, like rising tides raise all ships in, in this industry. Yo, how Many quotes? Man, I Got, I Got 30. Crazy. I've never heard some of these things. You guys been scrolling Pinterest recently? Yeah. Red flags white Bro. Can you imagine, can you imagine if you had the opposite method? Like me? What's that? Oh, Where instead of putting on girls, you get put on by Ho House.


Hey, fuck you. Why not let it have, you Could do it. You could do it. You just gotta find, you gotta find No, no, no. It's not that. You can, yeah, you gotta to Yeah, for for Sure. But you also gotta, you have to go after the fucking, you have to go after the top of the top. The Prehead beast. Yeah. Like the phenom, whoever that is. Who is that? Right now? Right now. Phenom out of women. Like in our world, I guess it would ve like a Sweeney or something like that. You got Swee. You, if he introduced me to her, to Lana, she was, she was, yeah. 1000% goat level status. She's untouchable. Untouchable bro. Yeah, I remember when that first happened, bro. It was crazy. And, and then I remember, I remember I had like 200 K on, on YouTube and brah mean like, shit.


You gave it like four months. I had 2.7 million. Crazy, bro. You Need, I was getting 10 million views a week, bro. I was dwarfing his philosophy. See, but the thing about it is like, I feel like for like a, even a Sydney Sweeney with how big she is, her, like, someone like that getting tapped into the streaming culture with how big that stream would go. Crazy. Like, it would be so viral massive. It, it would be, it would be wild. It would, because that's Where the clips come from. And actors are lit. It's a little tricky because they're someone, someone like her who's got a really like, brand Friendly That's true persona. Yeah. She's not gonna want to fuck brand friendly. She just dropped soap that she has bath bathroom, Bath water herself. Oh yeah. She, she said that's, yeah, But that's still pretty chill.


It's not, it's not black raw. It's, You know what I'm saying? Like it's a, There's gonna be people and fuck that soap. No, somebody did. Somebody posted a picture of with a hole and it That's funny. Insane. It was a joke. I think. Insane. Do you wanna know, do you wanna know why it might never be redone that moment? Because Are you still talking about you? No, no, no, no, no. I'm just talking about how to replicate it for them. What do you mean? I don't give a shit? We don't don't Give a fuck about the views or whatever, bro. It's podcast. That's what we're talking about. What do you mean? What moment are you talking about? That never we're talking. That would never No, you're talking about Relationships. No, we're talking about cultural. Older Us. Older us. Oh, we moving over to So completely. No, I'm just saying you bro. We like moved on and you're like, anyways, back.


What I was saying to why We're still talking about Sydnee Sweeney Turn. No, I I What we're talking about Sidney Sweeney as a, as a potential like goat girl for the current time. I actually think Sabrina Carpenter may be another that's The same topic. Why don't you just steal my shine? She hates men. She hates men. M she Got 'cause she got fucked over by Don't say that Slur. Don't say men. Saltburn Saltburn guy. You know That. No, I think that didn't happen. I don't even know what happened. Did You know that? You know that now men is a slur, men's a slur. You gotta put a star for the E. Yeah, so MM star MM star n you can't say it's like, it's like saying the word sorry for this. Don't do it. It's like saying the word job. It's like, I don't want to hear that word, bro.


It's scary to me. Men. Oh, Why Sabrina? Carpenter made it aur. No, come on. I don't know. I just, every time she pops up on my Twitter, it's about something about her hate men. She's probably gotten fucked over by men. We suck. We do. We fucking suck. We do. Yeah. We we are also chopped, bro. We are all ugly shit. Yeah. No shit, bro. No shit. We're beat. But guess, guess who else sucked? Dude. Women. That's true too. Men suck. Women suck. We all women Have suck. Have hard Women have it hard. Humans just suck. Can we talk about, This is great pr Can we talk about phase? Humans Have it hard. Ooh, We can talk about Phase for a second instead of just saying everyone sucks.


What's going on with phase? How's it been for you guys? Where's Ricky Banks? I have not seen him. Why is he not on the side of a milk carton? How do you get ahold of him? We, Where Is he? I know he is doing shit behind the scenes, but all I, we don't Know ever see Is just him and the pants. The what? Pants? Chrome Horse. Chrome Harts pants. Chrome Harts pants, Chrome Harts pants, Chrome Harts pants, Chrome Harts pants. Many pairs of Supreme underwear. Nine pairs of Supreme underwear, Chrome Harts pants. Eat. He Has to eat. He has, there has to be more going on than pants. Yeee And just a new girl that He's been hooping a lot. Yeah, I'm gonna be real. I did see that. Yeah, he's been weird. A where did that jump shot come from, bro? I Don't, I don't Know. Yo, he, bro, I know shot.


I've known him a long fucking time. Where did that shot come from? What shot he talking about His jumper. He's been hooping a ton. He hoops every day. He, he Had like Six shots in a row, Bro. He's like the healthiest he's ever been. I know that. Which Is crazy. Like I give him so much props. He's talked about it publicly, so it's not like I'm saying anything but like, bro, for how much shit he's been through, like with his family, like passing away for like how alone he is. Like the crypto marketplace, et cetera, bro, he's, he, he tells us all the time, he's like the hap or he is like the healthiest, I guess. He's he's reading a lot. Yeah, he's, I've never, I've walked into his house and I saw him outside listening to music with his feet out in the sun reading a book. That's insane. One arm reading a book the other he was writing. Yeah. I Swear to God he annotates off Camera.


Yeah, I I He's annotating. Yeah, he reads a lot of books. He, it's, it's, he having FaZe Banks, Ricardo call me and, and make book recommendations was a highlight of my life. Well, you do re Right. Certainly. He told me the book too. He Told me the book. It was probably, Probably, probably Rich Dad Port Ads The Way The Way of a Man or the Way of a Oh my God. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, yeah, that one too. Clearly our, the recommendations fell upon deaf ears because we all just can't even, I can't even remember. I can't even read something about Being like a, a a a better man. Yeah, exactly. Can you say man or Is it just men? It's just Men. Oh, you mean Star sign? Star sign. Yeah. So what, what is the, what has his leadership been like and what's, what's like, how's everything within the org?


I mean, this was like our first year altogether as a new group, which I think he took a very big leadership role. I wouldn't say he stepped back, but I think he really wants us to adapt and be able to do it too with each other. Adapt. No pun intended. Nice. No, I get it. Nice. 'cause phase adapt. That's a dad joke. That was a dad joke. That was funny though. I like that one. I'll be here all week Anyways. No, but yeah, he really wants us to just be able to do it with each other rather than having someone always there. But he's never like, not a part of fa like he'll always be phase, he'll always Yeah. Be the guy who helps us, et cetera. But I I, I also think it's like, it comes and goes. It's like anything, You know what I'm saying? It's like, I'm sure there's been times where you guys weren't a hundred percent on something that you did on one project.


Then obviously phase is a project of his, but I think it is his main priority. I can't speak for him, but yeah, right Now I think it's more of a thing where he's like, he's more behind the scenes. He's Like, okay, I just gave you, I just did this. I put these pieces in place. I helped the house, helped you guys Do this, did the house, did this, did that. Now I wanna see you guys as a group, collectively Run your group. So it's, he's the dad. Yeah, For for Sure. I mean, you guys, the building belong to, we hung out With him like a week ago. We, it was like a meeting where we talked about the future, like what we're gonna do for this month, what we're gonna do for that month, et cetera. So yeah, if, as for banks, I mean he's just like, he, he, he comes and goes, you know? But he's always there, if that makes sense, You know? Yeah. If You need him, you call him, he's there. But as for phase, yeah. I mean this is, this is our second year now.


This is as a group, so it's kind of crazy. We, we all started around June last year. So this is year two. How's the new House? It's amazing. Amazing. It's a real house. How are the neighbors Not amazing. I talked to her. Oh, she's, She waves at me every Morning. Hey is the ones, Hey, you guys need to get ahead. Oh, is the Ones dogs. She, she waves at me every single time I see her. She's not that old though. Right. But she's Old. She's old and she's not that old. Sweet. You need To get ahead of it. And you need to be more pro proactive than reactive to her complaints. We would go around the neighborhood before parties, hand out bottles of wine, fruit baskets, whatever. And with really nice handwritten notes you need to, oh, She doesn't hate us that much. I I think she just, there were, there was a content group before us in that house, so she's probably like, fuck, I'm free.


And then you get Face Clan. Ah, And we're, I'm gonna be honest, the content group that lived there last time, quiet. They were quiet At their Setups and they hated, they thought they were drug dealers. The neighbors. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. And then you have us move in and within a week Ron's building a water sl into bike ramp outside by the pool. Silky Black. I saw that. That was dude, you barely, bro. You made it like, oh, the bike. Yeah, dude. A face Point. I tried to build a bi, like a ramp that goes the pool from the pool to the other side. Sounds great. It not even close. Did make it not close? No, It was a one out of 10 on YouTube though. Is it good? Okay. Oh nice. What was it, what was the title? I almost died. Great. Nice title. Fantastic. dot.dot. Or just, I almost died. Nah, that's not, you don't do dots nowadays. Yeah, No dots.


Wait, ellipses are dead. Yeah, they're dead. Slip. And slide was a one out of 10 too. Let's Go. Dude. I had a, I had apologize to him. He did not to apologize. I said, I was like, bro, listen, I thought he was gonna be tight. I wasn't. And then you wasn't tight. No. And then Todd's like, You know Ron too? No. You know how Tov is Tov? He is a liar. Told He told to, I was like, because he called me. He's like, is everything good with Aiden going back? And then I was just like, yeah, I just saw them toying with me and I was like, bro. I was like, damn. That's it. I wasn't mad though. Well, Because we were at M gks too, and I was talking about this slip and slide. That's what I'm saying. I was like, how are we going, how are people like figure, like this is like a choke Now like Last last question. Is Marlon moving into the house? As of right now? No, no, no. I, I, we don't even Have a room.


People we're not adding, I don't think anyone knew anytime soon. Yeah. People, people like to make these narratives of like, oh, this person should join. Oh, this person shouldn't join. I mean, it's just our group. Like it doesn't, if someone naturally comes in and meshes well with the group and we're all like, yeah, let's let 'em move in. Like sure. But like, we're not like actively out there looking like, oh, we should Get some these. But it also doesn't mean like someone can't join. Yeah, no. Someone can join. A hundred percent. I think people think we're like side men where it's like you can't join the group. Like they've been doing this for 10 years. Nobody comes in. Nobody really leaves. Yeah. It's like the same thing but, but people could come in and out a phase. Like people you see it. We're new. Yeah. Right. Like for all we know there could be five more people right now, but like, nah, no, he's not moving in the house.


That would've been sick if you landed that. I know. Sometimes. So, sometimes I do. Should we fix that? There's not enough wall. There's not enough there. I think He could. He could. You gotta Do it very light. What the You gotta do it Very light. I'm gonna do it up there. Yeah. Alright. Alright guys, thanks for watching this episode of Impulsive Ladies and gentlemen, it's Ron and Lacy. Thank you. Hey, thanks for joining us guys. Cool. Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think you guys are onto something. Keep it up. You two. You two are definitely tuned The fuck in. You know what you're doing or so it seems Fuck the haters. Fuck 'em. Fuck 'em all. Fuck 'em.


And just find yourselves and be yourselves. Can you sponsor us Brian, please? Possibly. Yeah, possibly. Well we can have that convo. Are you guys expensive though? We'll define expensive. It'll be, it'll be worth it. It'll be worth it. Just give us, give us a test run. We'll be drinking a prime energy every single day on. Wait, we're doing our average already. Don't do it. Fucking hold on. You gotta wait. Yeah, yeah. Save it, save it. Save it for the spot. Yeah. Thanks guys. Thanks guys. Thank you. Thanks guys. Guys. Awesome. Thanks guys. Thanks guys. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you guys. Thanks. Thank you so much guys. We'll see you next time. Thanks guys. Thanks guys. Guys.