
LY Check Engine Light on. Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan. It's free, and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans verified by a SE certified Master Technicians. And if you need help, We can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh, O'Reilly Auto parts.


Ladies and gentlemen. It's Sketch. Yeah. You were at the height of your career. Some content that you had shot in the past leaked My management, like had a PR lady and like one of the options she was telling me was like, say it's AI like shadow banks. Some People think you're an industry plant. Who the prompted you? Jinxy did. Honestly, that's the one who helped me the most. No way Is that, that M MrBeast behind us. M MrBeast. You're the goalie. Yeah, I'm the goalie. Apologies in advance if I score on you, dude. You're Not gonna score soccer stage. You know, I was in Japan. Are you not allowed back in Japan from the, that video, Dick? I didn't mean to say that. That was so, I've obviously gone through a handful of controversies and Any with wieners. You're also really funny. And so it's interesting to better understand like the things that make you a bit anxious.


I don't really mind cry crying on camera, but like, Dude, I realize there's no service anywhere On this God forsaken island. It's called wifi. You can connect to it right now. Wifi. We're a tunnel though. We are in a tunnel. Why Are you soaking wet? Stop. Okay. Oh, just get Well, I get nervous before I do stuff like this. Well, that's Like, are you sweating? No. No. That's just water. I just like to, I like the feeling of water when I get nervous. I Wish I would've done that, man. It feels Well. Like that's why, like, Do you want pour? Should we pour water on our faces right Now? I so Just so down.


I totally would. If anyone water, water, I'll do it because I just ended up popping a pimple in the, and now I'm, I Well, I Just think it would be good to do it in, in congruence with our guests. Yeah, I feel better. Give us some water. Give us some water. And we're gonna A feasts bar. How does That ourselves Dude? Awa dude. Oh, AWA. Hey. Tell him a quick story. I I will, I could have beat speed on that treadmill. It was bouncy. You Were, you're looking good. Thanks bro. Bro. Thanks, bro. I thought you had it for a second. All right. Ready? Three. I was two one. Can I get one of those two? Sketch? What's up man? Welcome to the podcast, bro. Thanks for having Me, bro. Welcome To our wet cast. That Makes Ken pretty six. Do, did did what we just did did make does that make you feel better?


Yeah. Okay. I mean, like, I feel good. I I also feel better. Like I feel I see why he did that. You, I mean, I just, we Might as well do it now, but that's usually what I do before I get on the stream. Not before stream, but like sometimes before, shit. It's, It's solid. I swear. I swear you can check my Twitter. Like, wait, when I, when I, I was doing it and I the first time, like, I did it like in front of someone. Well, like, I, well I did it before, like games and shit like that. Yeah, yeah. But like, I Got, I Got an IV in Vegas and like I did this, it makes me nervous or for whatever reason. Yeah. So I was like, like when, whenever I get nervous, I was telling the IV guy, I was like, could, like, could you grab me some waters? And every time he grabbed me waters, I just form on me, bro.


Not even. And then he asked me to take a picture with him. So there's a picture of me doing like This. That's amazing. Soaking wet And just soaking wet. We, we talked about Sketch coming on the show. I've talked to him about it. He said he, you get a little, little bit nervous before podcast. Right. Just like in general with cameras or anything. Like, that's kind of where my character came. What, What did I tell you about this podcast? It's easy because, because I, that's why I like doing stuff with people I've done stuff with before. Like that's usually what I usually do. Yep. Get closer. Nah, it's echo. It's, it's just maybe blocking your face. Oh it is? Maybe I don't Throw, I don't know. I Ah, this Oh, Thank you.


I'm trying to just extend. Sorry. Hey, what are you doing though? Hey, what are you, what are you doing though? I'm trying to make one Photoshop US podcast the best that it can be. Someone photoshopped us this as blackmail. Sorry. Sorry. How's That? That feels good. Yeah. Feels, feels like home. Ah, Let's go. Sorry about that brother. What, what are you doing here, Jimmy? What the fuck? Yo, what that is a plot twist, Whatever, bro. There's No way. He just, He 'cause we're actually like in the middle of nowhere in London and this is like four levels downstairs in a basement that you have to take multiple. Just Don't address. I'm gonna pop up behind my sleeve and Then disappear. What did you say Vidal? I said don't even address it, but it's been addressed, bro.


Like We can unaddressed it. No, the editing software. No, I'm leaving all This. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah, so, so Sketch bro. How you feeling? I Feel good. I feel good. I feel good now. Like usually once I get things started and like, I just like, I always get like, it's like FOMO nerves or whatever. What, What else? What would make you feel even better at, do you wanna ask us a question to start? No, Us. I mean like, to be honest, weed as thing. Look at Wow. No way. What the fuck, Fuck is that? M MrBeast behind those M MrBeast gave Me Shares in Prime to hold this. So you buy the new flavor, it tastes great. What's crazy? Thanks Jimmy. Blue. Blue Chill. I did my job. Bye Ice. Let's go. It's lighter. Throw shares more refreshing.


Throw Me two shares. Thanks Jimmy. Thanks. Thank you. M MrBeast. Hey, by the way, feasts is now available in the uk. Yeah. Go get your go get your chocolates. Yeah, we right now that's it's best chocolate in The World. That's Where we just all came from. We, we were on a bus with Jimmy, a double decker feasts bus driving around London talking shit. Yeah. That had my, that was fun. That was like, that was that stuff like that gets my nervous going sometimes, but like, I just generally get generally anxious. Every Well you said right there was perfect. Yeah. I mean that was the easiest way to explain everything. Yeah. I I I feel like for people watching that, that may be a little confusing 'cause you're a content creator, You know, you're always in front of the camera. Yeah. Well I didn't like really think it was gonna happen like content creation.


Like it was like kind of stumbled upon. It was like just doing it to play video games with other people and then like, when it started happening and I had all that other shit behind me, I was like gonna go and like, it was like, like is they call it like an impending doom. Yeah. I felt that before you, You really blew up quick. Like you, you Like Yeah, actually I started streaming like a year and a half ago. That's In like, think about what he just said. No, I know. I started, I started all, all forms of social media like a year and a half ago. Some people think you're an industry plant. Yeah, that's true. And I, they, they're pushing me. I don't know who's pushing me, but it's a lot of help. Yeah. Who planted you? I don't know how the fuck I Got here.


Who, who the fuck planted you Jinxy did? Honestly, that's the one who helped me the most. Like, in, in the beginning for Sure. 'cause I like if he, if found me on TikTok and then we started messaging, then we started streaming together and there's like times where we'd have like over a hundred k people watching us. And I was like, that's where like I Got so deep into like my character. 'cause I was like shitting my pants. Wait, can I, can I ask this? So first off, let me preface this by saying Sketch. I love you. I think you're so great. And man, I was, you said weed would help you calm down when we were in Mr. Beast's. Yeah. Million dollar influencer challenge. I had brought in some edibles secretly.


Jimmy didn't know, but I had told you, I was like, yo, I Got edibles and I was looking forward to, to like taking 'em with you and like, I know. And then I Got X Bro. Then, then you got then Nico, Nico, omi la gave you the fucking umbrella. The impossible cookie umbrella. And you got eliminated. I was so sad, bro. Bro. He stabbed me the back. I wanted to get baked with you so Bad. I know. It would've been so we Could still do it. I mean, so fun dude. Do you have any here? Like what's your connections like? So I stopped. I stopped smoking. We're in California. We're shooting in California. We are in California. Hey Now I, I stopped weed, dude. Oh, Congratulations. That's actually pretty Hard. Thanks. Thanks. Really hard. That's where I, sometimes I get like the chicken or the egg.


What's like being anxious? It's like, 'cause like I'll be like, oh, I have to smoke 'cause I'm anxious and I'm anxious 'cause I'm smoking lot. It's a, it's, it's cyclical and it's vicious, dude. Yeah. That's why like, like I try to dial it back, but it's also Tough. I don't know. Like I, I sometimes I'm like, maybe I should dial it back. But then I'm look at Snoop Dogg. Yeah. So, so yeah. So like him and Whiz Khalifa or Like, he like it like there's a lot of Joe Rogan. Yeah. So like it Ripping bong. How Crazy. 'cause probably popping ass. I'm just kidding. He probably doesn't pop ass. No, He does. No, he does. Definitely doesn't. Does He didn't wanna to put words in his mouth? No. I mean, I would assume that he goes there. He's experinced. Have you ever done that before? Of course, brother. I did it one time and it was fucking terrible.


Is There a chance the acid is what caused No, no. All of this. No, that was like more of like, I was like going, holy shit, I will never do this again. I'm so, I'm so sorry. Is the way that your glasses are sitting on your Head, I think it's because of the headphones. Is that like, Oh, and dude, well they, I thought these glasses don't work. One lens is missing. And then like, the reason I wear 'em is because brand representation is what I call it. Or like, like that's one of the things I think that helped me like, go faster. I, I haven't stopped and look at, they're like, they're not even, they're halfway over his eye. Do you wanna know what's So do you wanna, what's so funny? And it's Not in lens in the left one? No. Well, so like, I used them. I I used to use them as readers. I never, I've had prescription ones and then they expired and then like, I was like, I, I would wanna stream going to the eye doctor, but like, I would always be like, just be too nervous to act dude, these glasses as dude, dude, they don't work.


But I, they're, I wear 'em otherwise people don't recognize me. It's like, That's why I wear my jersey all the time. And I love CJ Stra, but like, now that they kind of smells like shit and I, and I can't wear jerseys 24 7. What's your prescription for your Eye? It was like negative three when I went like two years ago. I just haven't gone back. You should get lasik. I had that offered to me by a lady and in two, it'll come out in like in two months I think or something. But What he's, he, He always offered it by a lady and he's gonna go back and see her in Two months. A different, like different Lady. I can, I can, I can decipher what Sketch. I've spent a lot of time with this guy. He's a ton of fun. Believe it or not. Sketch is very ingrained in the culture.


Yep. Every event you go to any Michael, you go to, you go to fanatics party at Super Bowl, you go to F1, the most prestigious rooms on the planet Sketch will be in there. And by the way, he's never wet like this. I've met him so many times. The first time I've ever seen him so wet before. This is, this is like, well this, when I was mo like it's just been a long day. And then like being overseas and all that stuff, I just felt weird. The Jet lag. Maybe. Why You like, I mean like, I just, sometimes it just helps. I, I haven't And sometimes like I do like doing something weird, like makes me feel like You wanna try some rapid fire questions to get things Off. Yeah, sure. What is it? It Usually will get people into the final bit. I I Got do an intro. Just I haven't done a proper intro. Okay. No problem. And then so if we could all just a clap.


'cause well we gotta make a clip in it. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Sketch. Hey, Thank you for having me. Thanks for coming on man. There. You know. Thank you. So in the edit, we'll just put it at the beginning of the, well not in the podcast edit, but for the clip that promotes the episode. Just we'll Caleb will make it happen. Right? Gotcha. We'll just do that. Thank you Caleb. Yeah, sorry. Same thing. That's Caleb. Caleb, right? There's right there. Caleb with Caleb. With the Caleb with last name also with a K. He's kk. Oh, That cut that part. I didn't want no one to think that. Yep. Yeah. It was a crazy What's your middle Name? What's your middle name? I usually outta curiosity. Don't tell me like Carrie or something. That Was not a Musk move there. Carl. K. That's Oh God fucking Dude. It, it's certainly That was not, that was not purpose.


Not that is Carl. That was not purpose. Please cut. That Is It. She put that on your license plate. Michael, bro, this is why I fucking hate doing content sometimes. What's the problem? No, not that I, sometimes I like, not that I don't slip up like that, but sometimes, like I was thinking about it the other day, sometimes I stutter and like, one of the words that I worry about when I stutter is like Racism. No, like it's a racist word. Like there's like, like, so I don Like say you like to visit your ninja neighbors that say that fast. Exactly. Word. No, go ahead. Say it. Well That's like, that's the exact word. And sometimes when I freestyle that's what I get nervous about is like dropping a, dropping a like, 'cause sometimes I'll try to like rhyme things and then like the words that might come up in the, the, the head might not be the best word.


You, I saw your freestyle the other day with Quavo. Right? Let's, let's, let's try one. I'll give you a word. Are you ready? Okay. Okay. Trigger. No, no, no. That one is going to be hard. Okay. Or table Stable. See that one's easy. Well, That was just, There was one time I wouldn't call that There was one time I did say one on stream, one accident, but it never made it out. And it was like deleted in an early v. Long story shirt. Long story short, when I was like first starting, I get like so hyped up and startling. And like when you do football, like you go like rhyme things like you go razor laser.


Yeah. Like, right. Yep. Laser. Yep. And then I was like trying to do that with like, the ladies Atki likes like those What would you call 'em? Well, I don't know if I can say it. Yeah, I allowed to say it. No. No. Oh yeah. No. Well, I'm, I don't No, no. Not like that. No. It's a small room. No. What's the, what's the what? That what's the like Skittles? No, the like stimulants The rainforest. Studs. Studs. Yeah. Like studs Girls. Yeah. Whoa. Wait, lost my train of thought. But what were we talking about right before that? I, I I wanted to say that I actually relate to you. I think Sketch.


Oh, I was, I said on an accident. That's what it was. I'm sorry for saying it, but like I had on this Podcast, No, when I, when I was streaming, I was trying Tori rhyme like Mike like, and all these different stuff and you try to change it up sometimes. And I dropped. Well, sometimes you run outta words. What else were you gonna say? There's not that many more we're looking for. For There was one more. There was one more. There was, there was definitely one more that I could have said that Ryan would all those Oh Yeah, yeah. That One's bad as well. Especially The current. I You wanna get that outta the way now or? No, I don't wanna get Okay, no problem. Did That the, the, I wanted to clear the first one up 'cause it made more if I didn't want people to think I said something crazier than, that one's not too crazy.


I don't think Druke says it a lot, right? Doesn't he say it? I think Logan's gonna ask you, but Drisk, if you could say more than I can say


I'm Logan from the future. Here's a question. What is a mechanic and auto shop owner in Georgia? A taco restaurant operator and a lifesaving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common. That's right. They're all, all small businesses and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us. Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say that TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, which increases sales and allows them to expand to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing over 28 million people in those numbers continue to grow. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. You can learn more about tiktoks contribution to the United States economy on TikTok economic impact.com.


Back to the program I re


Bettering. Your business takes working with the best, with the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


How to relate to what you're saying about freestyling? I feel like it could be a little dangerous. Yeah. Like some, like for me, I was just talking about like, I, I ended, I ended up rapping about like, like sucking dick women. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I don know why. Yeah, he does. I always Vert the only one. I can't be the he is, I swear I know I'm not the only one. I know there's some guys watching this podcast who I'm just, dude, just like, You know, with my homies, not like, on like, like I'm into women. I or one woman, my fiance, but like my homies bro. Like we Talked about it. You're not involving This dick ransom guy. Like he's out there and like, if he's, if he grabs your homie and is like, fucking I'm gonna kill your boy unless you suck my dick.


Oh well I'm sucking his dick for my, the sake of my homie's life. Sorry. In that scenario, you Gotta get say Mike sometimes. Yeah. In that scenario, like, you know, I think it's all okay and like in freestyle, sort of like anything goes well. Like, 'cause in freestyle, like I, I do like, I call, well I would refer to it as like imitation ramp. So like, I just like can get like, I feel like I just like, like remember other people's raps and like piece 'em together or something. Yeah. And like, that's why I say bitch and all this other words. 'cause like, that's my filler word. Other people use other words. You can mine, mine is, mine is usually bitch You can freestyle. Well If I'm high. Mm. But like, it's more of like, I just get into like a slot.


That's where like, it, like that's where I get nervous doing the content stuff. 'cause most of my stuff is like off the, like I don't, I Got, I don't have like, I don't memorize stuff, so I just kind of like, Did you off the top Like anything, what's he Saying? They're asking me to pause this podcast. For What? Who? Who Get who do you think bro? The only billionaire in the room. Alright, So, alright. So pause it. What? Less racism. We thought we were gonna shoot that ad re before you started and you started. Oh, is that why he's here? Yeah. Is that why Jimmy's here? Yeah. Wait, let me in Sketch. Go. Go. You go do the thing. We'll talk. Okay. Okay. You say He's gotta go to the restroom? No, no, no. I, no, no. I'll, I'll do it, but let's, let's get it.


Okay. I'll be right back. Look, we know each other. Hope we're not being racist. We're, it's just being, we're more real though. You know what, what I'm saying we're, We're, we're, we know each other now We can dry off a little bit. Yeah. No, it's a lot more relaxed. No big muscle, man. Okay. Let's, let's revisit the blowup really quick. Yeah. Okay. So what type of content are you making when jinxy when you and Jinxy? Just football. Just playing football nonstop. The way I would get like, people to have watched me on the way, like I'd just start always in a game. I'd be going ham and then I would like, I'd like tap my own screen a bunch before I started. So it's just like GY and like TikTok is just like, you need to grab them their attention fast.


Are you, you're talking about Madden? Yeah. Mad it Madden. Well, Madden, Were you, were you like competitive in Madden? No, I didn't. I just was fucking around. The other thing I'd do to piss people off is I'd like save my record like 117. I'd always get my ass kicked. So everyone know TikTok would like, that'd push me the algorithm for a little bit. And then the Todd turned people started liking me some, Bro. I don't, I don't Fucking know. Well, I, I, we started, we were on the podcast. He wasn't even out there. Remember when everybody said that you, that you were faking the Yeah. Impediments that you have in life.


Yeah. What do you, what do you think about that? I mean, like, my face Cru is real, my voice, like I put on like a show voice. Like when I, You know what I mean? Like, like, yo what? Get deeper into that bag. Like, like when I was like, when I was more nervous. So that's like where I would do that. Like the, oh, this stuff was like, that was natural at the time. And like, I, the less nervous I Got, the less I felt the need to do it. I wasn't like doing it to like, 'cause I'd look back at the clips, I'd be like, fuck, I'm cringey or fuck. Like, I don't even, like, I wouldn't think they're funny, but some people like, think It's funny. Well, they and they ended up being the things that you became known for. Yeah. But like, I mean like, I didn't even like plan on being known for anything, so I was just kind of like going like, holy shit, what's going on?


Half the time I would like, that's how I would, I was, I was Mr. President, do you have something to say? I was just gonna say, when you were talking earlier, you, you, me you mentioned like your character. Yeah. What is that exactly? So like, like when I like, like for instance, like, I don't need to wear these glasses, but like, I need glasses, but like, I wear 'em because people recognize me with glasses. But like, even, like, even other stuff, like, well bring up whatever you want to bring up because like, I just, I just like, like everything. Okay. You can think of like, I mean, I don't know. Let, let me, let me, let me give a little more specificity into this question. Okay. That I'm, that I'm trying to ask. Do you Like that Word? Yeah. Specificity. I could, can's pretty can say words like that because I stopped smoking weed, bro.


Yeah. It made me twice as sharp. I'm not kidding. Yeah. Sick. It's crazy. It was a, But I smoke every time before I stream too, so that probably doesn't, I Smoke multiple. I mean, bros. Devil's lettuce. It's the devil's lettuce. I real, I'm on the other side now. I'm good. But Nope, nope. No, you're doing great. So here's what I was gonna say. Okay. So when we had Dax Flame on our podcast Yeah. I could have sworn beforehand. I, I thought it was a character and he came on our podcast and like, even off camera, like it was very clear that I like Dax Flame is not playing a character. Yeah. He's really just like, always like that. But his content seems like just self-aware enough to make you think that he's playing a character and he's not.


Yeah. Do you, like, do you, are you, are you playing it up a little more Or? Yeah. Like in, especially in the beginning, but not on purpose. I was just like More like, like the first, the first way I Got clipped was like, I was like playing with football with my friend and I was like doing like it's a Trump cadence. Yeah. With a Rick and Morty voice. I'd be like, oh, I, I really don't know Rick. Oh. It's like, and, but like, I'd be like hyped up the whole time. And then like, sometimes when you're doing that stuff, like you like kinda like get too far one way. And like, that's why like, I've like kind of like don't do it as often, but like, I like yo like yo, that, that right there is like my streaming voice.


Like I, otherwise I would just like, I'm pretty monotone. IRL Well people, people love it. Like what he was saying. It's like it's become your thing. And so like, leaning into it, I, I totally understand. Yeah. When do you think you're a hundred percent you? Yeah, that's a, that's a great question. Shit on camera. I don't know if I've ever done that. It's pretty fucking, I mean, this is me right Now. I, like I'm saying even off camera Shit, if I'm, I just like to, oh shit. I just like to get baked and hang out at my house. Wait, Listen. Let me explain. Let me, I like swimming too. Like that's My guess. Let me, let me, I can tell you look like you just went swimming. Let me Like water, Water's awesome.


Corporations are ass, bro. You can't even do your fucking show. What? Get to get to the bottom of this WW print there. I'm So sorry, dude. Sketch. Where are you from? I'm from Houston. He was H town, Houston, Texas. What was your childhood like? Did you have a lot of friends in school? Yeah, Like I had, I had good friends. Like, not like always like, I was like, usually not. I never had like a best friend, but I was usually like the third friend. Did you ever get bullied? No. You were just everything. Like, tell me about what happened in high school. Did you go to keg parties? Yeah, like my, I would party 'cause I had older sister. So like, I would like, that's why like, I'd probably party like now, but like, not like Diddy fucking party.


I'm talking like More like just drinking smoke. Right. You know? All right. And I'm trying, trying, trying to get it uninvited from some of these parties. Okay. So not all. I don't, I haven't seen anything crazy at a party to be honest. Because, Because I was going, I was gonna tell Logan whenever I see you, this is the thing. It's always like, it's weird because the, the character that's presented online by people, especially people like you, doesn't always match the person behind the scenes. Yeah. Like, you get someone like me, I'm, you can obviously tell them and tell in general, I'm, am I not exactly the same person I'm right now scenes? Yeah, no, a hundred percent. Because that's what I've decided to portray on the internet, right? Yeah. You are like, when I go to parties, you're like the kind of one of the cool dudes at the party.


Like, everybody wants to be with you. You're funny, you're super positive, you're lighthearted, You know, everybody wants to be around you. And, and by the way, you're also really funny, like actually really funny. I say this to people all the time. I think you actually have a real comedic like, timing bone. And so it's interesting to sit here, sit and, and better understand like the things that make you a bit anxious. And, and, and, and I wonder what would change if you were to get those, really get those under control. Probably a lot of stuff. I don I don't, I don I don't mind cry. Cry. I don't really mind cry crying on camera. But like, like, like not in a podcast way.


I don't know. I feel like I just had anxiety all day and Now I feel better. But like, sometimes I have to catch my breath. Take a deep breath first of All. Like, Can, can I, can I tell you something really quick too? Yeah. Just sorry to talk because I wanna No, I wanna keep all this in. 'cause I'd rather like people know like I'm, I'm with you bro. I, I am heavily, heavily with you. Yeah. Like you, I I, I don't know if You know that or not. I, I suffer. I believe you. Truthfully. Truthfully. And it's probably why we get along so well. Yeah. Logan will tell you 10 stories about me having break breakdowns and having to run off the show. Yeah. I've done it multiple times. Yeah. And, and I show up and I kept showing up, kept showing up until it kind of went away.


Yeah. But I still deal with a lot of, seems That's, That's how I get too. Thank you. So, so Like, so This is, this is by the way is awesome. Yeah. I'm, I'm really happy that you're talking about this right now. Yeah. Because I mean, like, We, we had a little bit of a turn. Well 'cause like, it was, it was like, like when, when you talk about the character stuff, like, it was like, I, all the stuff I had online before, like, and everything blowing up, I'm like going, holy shit. Like, like, like it's a numbers game at some point. Like, but like, I mean like, I don't, like I don't, I don I don't know, like that was just like, like I almost called it like impending doom.


Like, I always felt like I was gonna die. Like, I don't know. 'cause I never could see past, like, so I never planned that long. Like We're, we're talking a little bit about some heavy stuff now. Right? I mean, I'm chilling. I I know, I know how much, how much of how you feel today is representative of how you feel every day. Do you think that the travel or the, the Jet? Oh, no. I mean, like, I do that, I do that. Like, I'm pretty anxious. That's why I smoke a lot and drink a lot, Probably. Okay. So yeah. I'm gonna tell you something right now. It's gonna be a bit of a shock to system. It's not the way to handle it. Yeah. And I definitely, we, we, we certainly like, Yeah, definitely.


I'd like to talk to you more about this after the show too. Well, I like, it's not like I, I don't drink. Like, it's more that, it's more just smoking. Like this smoking is like the hardest part because like, I can, I don't drink like I don't need, I don't feel the need that I Got. I don't feel the need to drink all the time or anything like that. It's more of like, it's mostly the smoking that's like the part. But like, I know a ton of people, we mentioned some of them earlier that use it as a tool. Yeah. And if, and if in in that way it's working for you don't like beat yourself up about it. Like don't, don't bother. Like this isn't a podcast to like, tell you how to or anyone to Yeah. To live their life. Certainly. Like, we're like, I'm, I'm just here to like, celebrate you 'cause I think you're great.


But like, yeah man, you, you, you have a, you have a really interesting journey and your particular path. Like there's no real like blueprint. Yeah. There's no, there's no model for like, what you're doing and what's happened in your life. And so it's pretty Fucking crazy. It's crazy, bro. It's crazy. And it might, it's it's crazy dude. And it might feel like lonely or different or whatever, bro. But like, it's you, you're the guy. Yeah. And that, and that's why so many people love you as well. Like, bro, everyone loves you Sketch. Do you have, do you have haters besides like Yeah, I really like dickhead, right? Like we, like Yeah. I mean like, there's definitely a lot of haters, but like Yeah. It's like with anything. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Like I don I don't, I don't, I don't ever, I I try not to pay them any, any attention or whatever.


Well They, well they exist no matter what. Like Yeah. Like they're, they're out there. And the nobody's perfect. Like, I say this to everyone when we get into this conversation, I, I I, I truly believe this is a sh a Shrek reference, but humans are like un onions and we all have layers. Yeah. Some of us more than others. Some people are like pretty complex. You seem like a pretty complex individual. And so when you sign up online to be a content creator, you're, you're automatically putting yourself out there. Yeah. With that you're subject to criticism from fucking strangers by the way. Which isn't normal. Like, like random people can just comment on your life.


And, and you, you, you can either let that affect you or be like, bro, I don't fucking know you, you don't, you don't know me. You don't know my morals. You know nothing about me. Why would that, I let that affect me. But when you do sign up to be a content creator and you start getting 1, 2, 3 years into this game, for me, I'm 10 years in your layer's gonna be peeled back. Yeah. Eventually. And for most people, for most individuals, there will be a point where there's a layer that's peeled back that the audience doesn't like. Yeah. Whether it's like a political viewpoint, whether it's a a a, a stance on, on, on a war going on.


Whether it's a section, sexual orientation, like it just, what, like whatever it is. Like at some point there's gonna be some turnoff. Like few people are universally liked. A hundred percent. The the closest person I can think maybe is like Dwayne Johnson. But like, I, I don't know. We don't know like truly like how authentic he's being online. And you're, someone Hear that, that's the beginning of a journey powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today Kia movement that inspires See retailer for warranty details always drive safely.


Limited inventory available Streams, dude. Yeah. So it's, that's as real as it gets. That's in, in real time. Like you mentioned it, you're, you're a little afraid to like even slip up or whatever. And I, I get it, but the moment anyone tries to stop pleasing everyone, I think their life gets much more full. Yeah. That's what I feel like I've been trying to do. Like probably please people too much or, and like, I, I never would like respond to like, anyone that would come at me. 'cause if I couldn't explain it, like it would make sense. Like, I don't know, like I, I feel better. Like, but like my voice keeps cracking, but I don't know Right now, now, today. Yeah. No, I feel good. Like after we just talked can, can I, I don't know why it is like, Because it, because you were feeling something and you let it out and you feel better now.


Yeah. And, and people relate to it. And by the way, I relate to it a lot. Can I ask you, did, did you feel that anxiety prior to your, your career? Yeah. No. Like, so you always dealt with that Just like life, not like, but a lot of times, Have you ever, have you ever tried to get to the bottom of potentially where it comes From? Yeah. Like I've, I've lived a therapist and tried all the medications that I just don't like being under medication. It's not like I'm A DD, but like, if I took Vyvanse, like I'd be a different person. I don't think I'd be like, as successful as I am. That's because that's like the, to me and my superpowers are like having short term memory.


Like not like did I say that to like, I like, it's not like I Got, but, but like, that's why I can like keep going. You know what I mean? Like, like not going like in terms of like career, but like in terms of like riffing or doing anything, like, it's just like your Conversation skills, your ability to multitask, change topics. I can, I can relate to there's, yeah, I've been a million times where I've gone on Lexapro or I've gone on Effexor and not had that access to that rapid fire stuff. It's calmed down a lot of the other things. It's gave me peace of mind in certain parts of my life. But then it's also had a, it's made an impact on my career, which I don't like. And unfortunately that's the trade off with SSRIs. Yeah. So, so what, what do you find and, and this, this, this is like an opportunity for us to actually have like one of these discussions and he's, he's kind of brought it to us.


What do you find other than weed that helps you? It's mostly weed, but like, I mean like, I don't know. I'm being like, I don't know. That is like, well you can like, like you can ask my friends. That's the first thing we look for. Well, okay, step back a second. What have you found that makes it the, that makes it worse? What have I found that makes it worse? Being hungover The worst. So listen to, so listen to what he's saying. The worst. The, the, the weed helps but the come down makes it worse. Yeah. So like you said, it is that catch 22 chicken or the egg situation. A hundred percent. Right. When's the last time you tried to abstain?


When I was in Japan. How, how long of, how long of an abstinence was That? I wanna go back to Japan. Yeah, same. Yes. Yeah. Wait, You think he can go back to Japan? Oh Wait. Oh do, I'm not even referencing that. Where I'm, wait, good cameras. I'm more referencing. I Got weed from in, in Japan and I did not wanna, When you Say I didn't want them to find out and not let me back, I just didn't, I didn't even remember that. What, when you, when you say that, what do you mean Are you're not allowed about in Japan? From the, that video thing. I didn't even realize until like just now, like you can cut all that if you want to. I don't like it's your, I don't even know.


I don't even, I saying cut that I about it's your Show. I didn't mean to say that. And then it was not, that was so on. Ironic. But fucking, I can't throw bleep his name out and the country actually if keep it, bleep his name out and the country. 'cause then I, but yeah, that I literally was that I've been thinking about doing that. Which Doing What? In like blocking number, like going to Japan and like that's the best 'cause like that's, he got me a damp pin there and like I was doing so good the first few days, but I could feel every cell in my body vibrating. That's like really what it feels like. Let me tell you. As someone who knows very well, I think about blocking his number all the time to, to be, I love him.


But okay, so We have just left him in that hot, sweaty Dubai prison. 1000. Yes. Do You know that story? Yes. You do. At some point the public will know that story. It will be a book or a movie or something like that. It could be, it could, as You know. That's a dumb ass craziest story ever. Craziest strip ever. So you a so you abstain for a certain period of time, you come back and what do you feel like you just wanna get high again? Yeah, well like, I mean like, it is just like, yeah. It's just more of like in a, I get like into the thing where like, You know, I, now it creates my appetite and when I don't have it and I don't have an appetite, I'm, I, Dude I can relate to this like wholeheartedly. It's Are you, are you, are you trying to change that?


Are you trying to beat yourself up about it? Or you just answering my questions? Both. No, I'm trying to do both. Why? Like, well, like, I'm trying to like weight it off, but like Why? Because I think it's good to not be dependent on something. Okay. Fair. That's like, because because Right. It is dependency. If I like fair, that would like, it's like the literally the first, like my, my manager knows that. Like at first thing we get everywhere we go is a Vong. Yeah. Yeah. To me the idea of using a psychoactive substance to battle a mental illness is just not a winning strategy long term. It, It's not, I I don't disagree. I don don't Disagree. It's a, it's a record. A Record. But I also don't wanna make you feel bad about It. No, he's not, he's not gonna feel bad. Like, I hate to make this about me, but like, anecdotally, this is my experience.


'cause like, bro, I was like, I, I have, I'm an addict. It just like comes out in Yeah. In, in different ways. Yeah. And so like, I had a, like a weed back and forth and like you, I was kind of like beating myself up about it for a while. 'cause I knew that like, I, I eventually had to pull the plug. Especially to hit that next level you, 'cause you said you're, you're like sober from it, right? Yeah. I never, like, I I never really watched content before. I usually just like watch like conspiracy theories, all that type of stuff. Oh yeah. So like, I didn't know everyone's, I didn't really know anyone. Like I didn't know who banks was until I met banks. Like, so like, like but with you, it was like, I noticed like there's like a turning point.


Like you could tell like you could see it like in your body too. Like, like did like was that like when you cut out weed or like, was that one of the things? Yes. Yeah. Like it all went hand in hand. I'm not kidding. Like, I'm not kidding dude. And this is gonna upset the stoners out there and Wiz Khalifa. I'm sorry. 'cause I asked him, I said, man, I feel like I, I should stop something. He, and he said, no, that would make you a quitter. I Remember that said, I was like, what? What? But dude, I am, these are real numbers. I'm twice as sharp. I'm three times more motivated and probably twice as productive. Yeah. Like the, like that's insane.


Like from doing one thing and it was cutting out this thing and for me it like, it suited me really well, but at the same time I could see how it's also used as tool and I for that I can't like you can't. Yeah. Like don't beat yourself up Too much. It's, everything's, everything's good in moderation. I just don't, I don't even know what I was referencing after, what were we talking about right Before that? Yeah, exactly. Di this is a, this once again is a chicken or the egg like type of conversation. Oh wait, we're talking about weed. Yeah. Like, like you're saying. But sorry, but like you're saying, like don't beat yourself up over the, the weed situation, which I agree with. I think we all need to have, we all need to have patience and, and love for ourselves in our, in our demons. But he, I don't, I think he's, I think he's beating himself up because of it. You know what I'm saying?


I I hear you not, not be, not not to because he can't stop it. What What what conspiracy theories are you into? I mean, like, I used to watch all of 'em. Like the Denver airport. Let's get into that. Let's stop right there. What about it? They, everyone, people think it's like a bomb shelter for like the elite. Yep. Because it's got like, it's got like multiple runways and not a lot of usage. It's like Underground areas. Underground. They got strange paintings. The, the horse that, that with glowing eyes or whatever. Yeah. Whoa, Whoa. Do You know about This Slogan, glowing eye horse About the Denver airport? No. It's a huge Thing. I no, I-I-I-I-I know about the the alleged bunker. Yeah. Giant bunker. Well You got one or something?


No, I Got no bunker. I Got no bunker. You're close. Close. You got no bunker bro. Wait, wait, no, I Got no bunker. And if I did though, I wouldn't tell you that's the thing about a bunker. 'cause if, if you do have a bunker, it's gonna get rated when shit hits the fan. Yeah. Like at the moment I'm gonna have to prob if hits the fan, I'd probably have to raid like Zuckerberg's or so, or like Oh The, oh, the Zucker bunkers Go sticker bunker. Yeah, because I don't have One. You, there's an episode of the Twilight Zone that deals with this. In the beginning of the episode. The, the, the people are all sitting around this neighborhood dinner, black and white. Of course, you know, it's my favorite show. And all of a sudden they hear the air raid siren and they turn the radio on. It's like unidentified fly, You know, craft has, has come over American airspace. Please get to your bunkers.


And this is during the height of the Cold War. So everybody knew it was a Russian bomber. It was coming to take out all the major cities. So everybody runs to their houses. But the only one guy in the neighborhood's got this bunker. And he talked about it at every dinner. He told everybody about this bunker that he had. And he's got his kid and his wife. So they go into the bunker, they lock the door, and one by one the neighbors come and they knock on the door and they say, please, my family's gonna die if you don't let me in this bunker. Please, we're all gonna die. We're your best friends. Shame on you. Shame on you. And he said, I've only got enough air and enough water for my family. If I let you in, we'll all die. And it's this huge thing. And he basically doesn't let any of them in at all. And then Everything's Okay. Everything's fine.


The raid never happens. And he's gotta come back out after telling all of his neighbors to go die. And, and it, it basically ruins all of their friendships. And they don't have That's that's Insane. Yeah. They don't have the dinner. They don't have any more dinners anymore after that One. Something to think about. What other conspiracies, What other conspiracies? Damn, I'm trying to remember. They started to stay, dude, it was like 2010 Was prime conspiracy time? Prime. Like, not even probably even earlier too. Like, I trying to think of some like I, it was, I wasn't like lizard people. I'm trying to think of some good one. Are You following the UP phenomenon at all? The which one? Un identified aerial phenomenon. Oh yeah. UFOs. Yeah. Like dead stuff. I just don't know how much I like am into that stuff.


But you believe the Denver airport? Well, like Berg conference about, he mean Rhapsody Grove, stuff like that. Oh, Don Mean Grove. The one, the one that Ryan Garcia was talking about. Yeah. Did you say builder? A bear conference builder. Bird conference. It's a conference that happens. I think it's every two years. And if you look at a list, it's like every CEO 500. Are you saying build a bear? Builder Berg. Builder Berg. It's Like Switzerland or something. It's like a Davos. It's like a Davos. Except for they don't, they don't even, they they don't, it's none of it's public. Yep. They have officials in like every main government people that run the banks. Like ev like the Federal Reserve. Like, like Powell Powell will be there.


Like, it would be like pow, Pow. Okay, okay. You know Powell like runs a federal reserve. I don't know anyone. You don't Really, he runs his name's. What's his, what's his name? P pow pow. Well it first I forget his first name. Mike Powell. Maybe That works to what? It's Tov is a great guy. He'd probably go there and he probably did get, he probably does like a, I don know I wanna party with Tov right now. He's yeah, he's with, he's with Aiden in Miami. Okay, so Builder bird conference. Yes. It's, everybody gets together and and the belief is that they all create the agenda for the following year. No. So Basically that that like, that's like, that's the, well the, my bad, I didn't wanna cut you off, but the, I it's not like as much as conspiracy theory, but I bel I bel like what people call it Illuminati.


Like that's what I would like go, like whatever they're doing in that conference is a lot More like they running The world than like, I Don't know. What do you, were you excited for the Epstein list to get released? And are you mad that it, it never came out? No. No. That shit's ever gonna fully come out. So I never like really give it like, like I've, I wouldn't, I didn't even go look this time. 'cause you ever always hear about him, but it's like, yeah, I don't think we landed on a moon. Whoa. Maybe Epstein and camp kill himself. I agree. I I agree. I agree with the, the moon, the moon theory. You do. Wait, you're on the Oh yeah, you're on the anti moon shit bro. Why The fuck would we not go back if we could go there once? There are reasons for that question. Like there there are, there are like solid answers for all the, the anti moon landing theories.


Well, oh dude, it Looked like they fucking took an ac condi air conditioner and a microwave and put it together. Yeah. And that's how they got there. You know what, You know what never exists? And I wish it did. Proof of the conspiracy theory, not, not evidential concepts that prove the original theory wrong. If that makes sense. I wish like at some point something leaked out. We live in a world where everything leaks, everything. And you're telling me there's never one person ever who was a member of the, of the actual community of people who made one of these things happen. There's not a single document. There was one, there was one Who, and they burned him alive before he was gonna go to England.


Oh, they lit him on fire. Wait, Yes, they burned him and his two co astronauts. But, but on fire. But did they have Like allegedly did have that, that's the con that's the conspiracy. But You know what I'm saying? Like it's like just, okay, so there was just one. No, no, but I think, I Think no, Everything gets out. No, I think the answers are are there. I think they are. And by the way, when you're dealing with like really high government level conspiracies sometimes like shit really is locked Away. Yeah. But the government, the government fucks up constantly and is caught for it constantly. Yeah. So like why, why is there never like, like why is the, just this idea that, that we have all of this evidentiary proof that the the event did exist.


Videos, television programs, the actual Crap television programs. Yeah. I I'm not, I've tried to tried to live stream it in the Grand Canyon and you're telling me those motherfuckers could get a, the video on The moon. I it's a great, it's a great point. I hear you. But they, it's part of the reason they burned Gus alive. Yeah. Because he was, he was complaining about, he was, he was complaining about before they were going to the moon, they couldn't get signal from in like, like the same state. He, and he said something like, we can't even lock communications. And you're, and you're like, down the road, how the fuck are we gonna go to the moon? Yeah. He he was outspoken against it. And he was, he was the lead, a astronaut for nasa. And so so this happened prior to the moon landing, correct? Yeah. And then they landed on the moon like two, three years later after that. So He was outspoken against what specifically there Our inability to go to the Moon.


Yeah. He's like this, we're not even anywhere close to the technology that we need to, to go to the Moon. So then they were like, damn, this dude, this dude knows too much so we're gonna light him on fire. That's the conspiracy theory. Theory. And by the way, by the way, the, the conspiracy theory is that when him and his two other astronauts were in the pi or the, the cockpit of the test space shuttle, there was too much oxygen I believe. And like a, a fuse was accidentally lit and they ended up burning alive in the cockpit. Oh yeah. And and then they couldn't get out. Is that the one? 'cause they, they couldn't get out 'cause you could only op you could only you couldn't you could only open it from the outside.


I, I don't know. But I mean it sounds like they they were trapped in the cockpit. Yeah. And like the audio of them like dying is Like very, very prominent. So, so when we get rocks right from space and we're able to, and we're able to test them and tell you exactly what the makeup of them are, how long they come, how long ago they come from, what part of the, the, the universe they're from whatever, from solar system, whatever. Right. And we have rocks that have, that have been tested as moon rocks. How did that, how did those happen? Well, and like, and where I I would Actually ask you what makes you so certain that they're moon rocks exactly like the, the lengths that the government will go will go to cover up these things is extremely far. I Don't disagree with you.


And I also agree that there have been lot government lies b bountiful government lies. But my question is just like, like like five or 10 years ago we got into this like question everything mode. And my curiosity is just kinda like where it stops. I'm still there. No, I'm by the way, by the way, there's still a chance we landed out on the moon. If I had to give it a percentage, what would you say? I'd say it's like 30%, but like 30% Chance we Did to me. Like 30% chance we did. But like, it's like this dream part of it, like me being the streamer, I going like, that sounds like if they tried to do a stream in space. Right Now. I Hey, you're right. And you're saying, you're, you're saying stream, right? Yeah.


Remember it was streamed live on television. Well live Exactly five hours. No, no. And they Were also driving cars that had fucking plugin telephones in, in attached to the car. It's, they didn't even have wireless phones, I don't think when they went to the No, they, no, they did not. They didn't even have wheels on suitcases, bro. Bro. They didn't even have wheels on suitcases. We, and, and We can That happened in 1971. They're like, let's put this, They didn't, they didn't that, did you tell me wheels didn't go on Suitcases Yeah. Till 1971. Yeah, but The plane invented though. 'cause then it's like the Plane was invented in the early 19 hundreds by the Wright brothers. No, That Doesn date Ohio, that's like a hang glider. Like when's, like, when's like a big turbine Oh, commercial aircraft. Yeah. Before World War I, so probably in the next five to 10 to 1905 ish.


You're just, you're not taking into consideration the fact that the government has technology that is so far ahead of our current moment in time. That is true. Also true. So, like, suitcase wheels, although indicative of something, it, it probably is not indicative of what we were operating with at that time. True. It's just, it's just, I don't know. My curiosity has like always been, these are really fun conversation, by the way. These are the most fun conversations. Yeah. I'm just fucking around. I don Take, it's no, I don Don't think they're Too serious. No one's gonna be offended by, but the question is like, how, once again, how far do we go? Then you get into simulation theory. You get into you're not real. You're not real. This is my horizon. You guys are figments of my imagination. Like, how far do we actually go with It? Think mine is just pretty much the moon. And then I like the, I like the ideas of them.


Well, I like the ideas of them. That's what it's like. I don't like, You know, they're, they're interesting videos. Like, I like watching war stuff too. So like, I, that's like one of my like things is like, when I, that's how I blew up my TikTok too, was I would watch War Gonzo videos on Twitter. Then I'd attend to my friends and I'd say, where'd you see that? And then like, so in 2019, I was posting a bunch of troop movements in Russia going to the Ukraine border. So when, Wait, you were doing record nce? Yeah. Re No, I was just reposting videos on Twitter. Oh. 'cause like, I, like, I was like, they're gonna, it was, they were moving troops. It was like, obvious. Yeah. They like, I think the first one I posted was like, was like November 30th or 2019.


Sorry. You were the whistleblower for the Ukraine war? No, Basically like, I put it out, I put it out there, and then when the war actually happened, they, they took off. But like, what I did was like, to make it like more ominous. I posted like, the troop movements with like, it's called like the hell March. I mean, can I, can I play it on you? Yeah, Of course. Where's, can I borrow my phone Far was on phone. Oh, dammit. It's private. Oh man. Oh wow. Jesus. I, well, I privated it on my main account 'cause it was all, but I can show you, I can show y'all. I can, I can send you the clip, but it got like, it got me to 6,000 followers. That, that's actually pretty significant. Yeah. No. The post troop movement. Like, 'cause like, it, you, like I post that and then like lo like, just different.


Like, But you're also like a linebacker Yeah. In high school. Yeah. Who are you Just, do I just find different things and then like them, like us, like, I don't know. Like I, What's, what's next do you think? What's next with me? Yeah. I, what I, I wanna do like a little bit of everything. So like, I Got this thing coming up like that I've, that like, I can't really talk about, but like the, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be doing like, a lot of stuff that's more out of, out of the Box theater. No, that'd be cool though. They Wanna maybe War Star. Are you gonna call The military? No. More like streaming stuff. Well, the, the series I wanna call it Yes.


Man. Like, yes man. Yeah. Have you ever ever seen that movie where he just says yes to everything? Yeah. Is that you? That's Well, no, I'm fucking, I get why I'm anxious, but I under, under the, under fucking like if, like, that's why it's like, that's what helped me with doing all this shit was like, I just say yes. And then I get nervous once I'm there. And, and then the more stuff you say yes to, the less nervous you'll get because you'll have so much life experience. A hundred percent to pull from. A hundred percent that, that's Why diving That, that's on the, on the list. Let, let's go. Have you, have you done it yet? No. I, dude, I hate planes. I like that's Well then it won't be so hard for you to leave it when they tell you to leave because you have to get off the plane.


Yeah, That is true. You just happen to be in the top of the sky. Yeah. As long as it's not a Boeing, You Know. Damn. It doesn't matter what point you're jumping off of it. Yeah. You know what the hardest part about skydiving is? What's the hardest part? The ground. That is true. I Got it. Nice job. Nice. Come on. It's, it is. I will say it. For me it was very scary. Damn. Close shift. Yeah. Whoa. I've never seen that one before. That one's actually Sick, But yeah. Like, wait. So I don't know. Like, I don like, I like, probably the other thing that helps me not with being anxious or with the anxious thing is like, I would look up everything that I'm definitely scared of.


Oh. Exposure therapy. Kind of amazing. Like, if I'm about to go on a plane, I probably will have like, I'm just like, not like I don't do it any like, as much as I used to, but I used to just watch plane crash videos all the time. Smart. Yeah. The best hype for a, for like, when, when you then, when you go try and fly or something, like it's not the, have You ever tried to just like kind of surrender to life? That's, yeah. I mean, I feel like I'm doing that right Now. I just got a battle. Like, it's like, You know. Yeah. Have you ever taken, I, have you ever tried taking a breath? Like, have you ever taken a breath before? Like, breathe a little bit? Yeah. Like, usually when I'm chilling or something. Why Don't try it right now? You want Me to chill? I can chill for you. Put Put, put clear that spot.


Put his, put his feet, put his feet Up. Where? Like right here? Yeah. Feet up. Kick your Feet up. Don't Okay. Off. Fuck. That's fine. Just the table. Don't break the table. It's the Only one That's, it's fine. It's just put your feet back up. Good. Okay. Take, put your arms on the side of the couch, like all the way out and just go, go in through the nose. It feels good. Does that feel good? You can even close your eyes if you want. Yeah. To maybe imagine that you're in a, not in this environment. No, I don't, I don't mind like, feel like being in this environment. Like, I feel chilled. Like I feel good now that I've, 'cause I was just anxious all day.


So then I Got, Got it outta the way. Now I feel good, Brother. I get it. Tru. Truly. I get it. I mean, I, I I texted you the other day and said, I'm not doing well. Do I? I like, I was very vulnerable and I said, yo, I'm not having a good day today. And you gave me a little talk. Do you have people that you can talk to when you Yeah. I, I do. I just, who's, Who's helped you since I'm leading towards a certain person, but who's helped you since you've gotten into the industry? Probably my manager, Kyle the most. Okay. He's just always been there for me. What about banks? Banks still. Yeah. Like forget, shout out banks. Roll. Roll a clip. I'm just kidding. I'm just think I'm just kidding. Discount looks a little too familiar. I'm just kidding.


Why does it look like a, I don't know this. I feel like a Well you're kidding. Well you're kidding. But you're leading us into a topic. Yeah. So I don't know if we're talk like, Fire away. Alright. You had some shit happen in the past year, like when you were pretty much at your peak. Yep. Make shit happen. Nick. Nina. Correct. Shout out Nick. Nina. John. Nick. You were at the height of your career. Some, some content that you had shot in the past was, was, was leaked. Yep. And it was the biggest story in, in a while. It was the biggest shock wave in a while. In the, in the creator industry. What, what I'm You're laughing about it now. What was that? What was that moment like? Hindsight Is, it is kind of funny.


Like, I do think like, like, like, well I think like the, like it makes like my testimony better. Like, just 'cause like people were like building me up to be like super nice, super, everything, whatever. So like, I felt a lot of pressure. But like, I mean, you, you're all, You like the my bad. Wait, what were you saying? I was just gonna say you, you're all those things. You are super nice. You Are Thanks. You are all those things. Still. Can I tell you my perspective on the outside than I, I'll let you talk. 'cause it's, it's way more interesting. But bro, like I, while it was obviously a plot twist, that's all it was to me. It was like, it was like a plot point. I was like, oh, like I don't, I personally like didn't give a fuck other than like, again, I was just like, oh, sick.


Yeah. But then I like, I don't know. I I I felt like I'm moved on. And besides like the assholes to you, like, and especially now, I'm sure you feel it like, yeah, no one gives a fuck, bro. It's a pop point. Yeah. In your story. That's What, that's how I, that's why I feel like good now that every, like, I'd rather everything be out in the open than, because that made, that made me be better able to be more comfortable doing the content stuff. And That's the surrendering i I mentioned earlier. Yeah. I feel like, like, dude, no need to fight it. Like just, or or any, Anything. Like, well, the thing the thing about that too is like, sometimes I feel like I gotta be a showman when I'm a stream. Like, I feel like I call it like juggling flaming fucking bowling pins. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you're like, have trying to keep a live audience. I'm like, that's literal way I go like, yo, hey, look at this here fucking sketchy house.


Hey, You know, it was like a couple bong grips and then like three hours later you're like, all right, that was a good day's work. Let's, I'm kidding. But like, it's a fun job, but at the same time, you let a lot of people in, You let a lot of people in. Yeah. And like, I forgot what I was gonna say back about it, but the other stuff, Why did Sketch? Why? Oh. Oh. Like this is, this is a good thing. When, when all this stuff happened, like I was like, went to the airport and like night I didn't know what to do. So I ended up going, banks told me to go back to their house. That's when the phase guys met me. But then the next day it was like a pr like a, my management, like had a PR lady. And like, she was like going like, trying to do that. Like, she, she, she like recommended she, one of the options she was telling me was like, like, say it's ai.


And I was like, I was like, fuck no. I don I go back into like a hole. Like, I was like, that's why like, I just like, I felt like I felt oddly calm that day. I didn't get on social media, but like, it was like You finally got a chance to own something and be at peace with something and wear something that at one point you were hiding. Yeah. And that's such a powerful part and testimony, dude. And that's why like, it's, that's why it's so important to be having these conversations. That's why it's so important for you to be talking about the things that bother you. Yeah. Dude. That's a dark place. Living with, living with secrets and, and pain and trauma in your life and not being able to talk about it is one of the worst things in The world.


Yeah. It's the loneliest, darkest place in The world. Dude. Sorry. And I think a lot of people when they, when they get that shit out and they put it out into The world, they immediately feel, that's why therapy's just so powerful, bro. Because you're getting something off your chest that, yeah, I feel better right now. That makes me happy. That makes me very happy, bro. That you're, that you feel better. And it's, It's, and it's like, like it feels good to talk about it now. Like, I don't know, it was like weird. Fill me in again. One more time. On, on, on why it happened in the past. Oh, wait. So like, but back to the PR lady. Sure. So I, my, but she, well I just wanna finish that part. 'cause she was like, say AI or like, try to put out like a statement. I was like, fuck it, let's just go live and like that.


That was the, like, the best thing I could have done. And I think, I think you crushed it. Crushed It. This was like, it was like, I could get all my thoughts out and like, it's not like I had to tell anyone anything. It was already there. But like, Well, I don't think you did anything wrong, dude. And, and the, so I've obviously gone through a handful of controversies and Any with wieners. Kidding. Oh yeah. Technically one. Really? It just wasn't, just wasn't really, it wasn't, it wasn't him. There was a notorious Logan Paul, dick sucking scandal that, that roped in numerous high level Illuminati, bro. Like, this is another chapter of this book. Ai, It wasn't AI just happened to look exactly like, and I'm talking and it was a monster PP dude, Bro.


I was like, I was watching this video and literally I was like, bro, I don't remember getting throat fucked. I, I just didn't like, either it happened and I don't remember it, or that's like, not upside down me like, bro, bro bro's crazy Drilled Crazy. So like, I can kind of, I can kind of relate, but like, when I was watching from the outside, You know, like, again, bro, for me, and I'm jaded, but it's like, bro, you didn't do anything wrong. Thank You. You didn't do anything wrong. I Mean, like, I mean, obviously like, I was just so shocked at the reaction. Yeah. Well, like, I was like, I didn't, I don't really even know what the reaction was because I just like, I think it was, you know what it was, it was shock. I, That's what it was. Didn't, I didn't delete anything. I just didn't go on it. No, because it was like, oh, like, it was either like, you know, people, I just wanted to be alone.


Fair, fair. It's, it's a thing. It was the impending doom. I think that's what you were talking about. That's what it, that's when it like, I don't know if like my anxiety is like stems from that or like Now. Yeah. No, it sounds like you deal with that regularly and even before that. No. Or, or, or still, I feel like that's a big part of it. Okay. And then like, the weed too. Like, it's like, Well can you, can you, can you remind people really quickly or us why that stuff happened in the past? 'cause there's more to the story. Like Why, why you recorded the content. Well, I just was like, it was just like bad decision making, horny motherfucker type shit. I don't know. Goner Got it.


I thought there was, I Thought there was a addiction angle to it, but Yeah. But like, both of that, like, like there, I mean like, it's an addiction too. And same thing with fucking, like, I mean like, I was definitely like, like I was like Adderall out all that type of shit. Like, I mean like, I don't know, like, but like, You know, like that, like that, that, that's why when people like, like try to say like, probably I never tried to say like, I didn't, I didn't have to, I, I didn't feel the need to clarify like an addiction or sexuality or anything. 'cause it was like, what am I gonna say if I say I'm, I'm not gay. But if I say anything else and no one's gonna believe me. But like, so like, but I, but I don't really care. I don't really care to take that outside of like, it's between me and the person.


Yeah. I Don't think I explain myself, But like, that's ironic for what I did though. Yeah. I don't think you gotta explain yourself. Yeah. No, I feel good Now. I like, 'cause I do feel like I explained some stuff. 'cause like it's been, I don't know. Some people, some people like, it's probably feel curious. I guess. I feel like the streaming audience too is just so fucking harsh. Dude. Toxic. Like toxic would be the, like I Got a decent good chat, but like, yeah. Yeah. Like, I, I don like, I, a lot of streamers just stuck, stuck up for me. Yeah. You know, some, some I saw that some didn't like me, but like, I mean like, I didn't, I never like disliked them for that. Like Yeah. Did anything, did you notice anything on the business side after that happened? Did you, did you lose sponsors?


No. Price pick stuck beside me. Shout out Price fix. Yeah. Actually shout out. Am I allowed to do, am I allowed to do that? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my bad. Sorry. Didn't Yeah, we have no, we have no competi competition. Bleep Bleep, bleep. No, that's cool. But yeah, same thing with Madden. I mean, nothing really changed. It's just like my viewership probably took that definitely took a hit. But like, I was just streaming and I, it was also like I burnt out a character that was like, like was me at the time. But now like, I'm like getting more into be like being where I like Yeah. You get to be yourself. It's, it's almost like, I remember the first time when M MrBeast said, fuck yeah. So great. And all of a sudden people were like, wait a second, he's actually a human. Yeah. Yeah. He's made mistakes.


He, he swears like, dude, that portion of the career, the, the creator career is the most beautiful part. Yeah. Like, wow, I'm actually starting to be able to showcase who I am. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't have to be this fucking perfect, that facade is so hard to keep up, You know? Yeah. I had it very easy. I came on and told people, yo, I used to love crack and I love porn pussy. Like, dude, I was very upfront about it. It made my life so much fucking easier because no one expects anything of me a hundred percent. So when I do stuff, when I create a business or write a book or save a life or whatever, I get a huge bump out of it. 'cause they were like, oh, he is just a fuck. He, we thought he was just a crack head. Yeah. No. And that's like a way, like, 'cause like when I started out, I was just Playing Madden.


It was like hard to like show per like, personality and shit. And like, I just, like, my, my, my thing with streaming was like, I never wanted to like, involve like, or like bring up any drama or like bring up any, like, because I wanted to like, I wanted to be like, I always hated when like a celebrity would like, You know, like go and like, make like a statement on something that they're not like really like, You know, in tune with or like, like they would fake it. Yeah. Like it, like it does, it seems like stuff that seems forced. So I'd never, I'd never bring up like any stuff like that. Like, if you came to me, like, I wanted you to just be like happy, like, and entertain.


Would You Rather fight a hundred hamster sized lions? Or one lion sized hamster? One lion sized hamster? Are you Fucking sure I could Kill a hamster? But if it's lion sized, size Of a lion, what do, but What is it like hamster's, like technical difficulties. Huge Fucking teeth. And what's it, and what's his Demeanor? They, they got like two teeth though. What's his demeanor? Hamster lion Hamsters are nice. Do You know what I'm saying? Like, is he gonna wanna run on a wheel or is he gonna want to kill my family? Well, he's Fighting you, so I imagine it'd be a little hostile. I think that's an important part of the story line. Never agree. That's, that's your answer. It's a ho it's a hostile hamster and it's the size of a fucking lion. That was a shocking answer. Are you, are you, is that your final answer Act? Yeah. No, that's my final one. Because then otherwise you're just gonna die by like a hundred lines.


No, No. But the size of a hamster, they're a little, They're still gonna eat you. They, yeah, it's possible. Think about A hundred. Yeah. You know what? I think you gotta give the hamster a hamster mentality. The big hamster. Would You Rather do, Would You Rather listen to Drake or who? Who? Drake Or Kendrick? Drake. How come Drake shows love to Houston H Town. Shout out to Houston. Shout out Max Cream. Shout out to King Hendricks. Shout Up. Bu B, shout up On B. That is a good one. How did You know? How do Burgers? I know Bun pretty, I know him pretty well. Yeah. A little competition there. He's done a great job with his branding. That is true. Certainly. He's got the best teeth I've ever seen in my entire life. Really? White. Oh, that is True. They're so white and big dude. Yeah.


And he's, and you wanna know what you meet a I've, we've met Bo all met our sheriff of rappers. He's one of the, he's a very nice man. He's a very nice person. Yeah, A hundred percent. He's very, have you ever met him before? Who? Bun B? No, he's like the king of Houston. Oh no. Like he's, he's a legend of Houston. Oh. That's why Drake went and did the, the review there. So, so take the Houston portion out of it. You're still gonna roll with Drake. And I've met Drake before. So like, he, he's a, he's, he's a he's a good guy. Yeah. I like, I still take Drake. I never met Kenrick Lamar. So like, and like Drake's sick. Yeah. Like, I don't know any of the, I don't like, I don't even, like I don't Amazing. Amazing. He Went to answers shit. He went to Logan's to, to the WWE event in Toronto.


Yeah. Last week. Stellar individual dude. Stellar individual. Yeah. Like, like in like, like, You know, I don't, I don't even know like what the beef's really about. Like, to be honest, like I don I could like Well he Got, I'll I'll explain it as the hip hop story. Yeah. If you want to quickly, that would Be the help. They Had a, they had an actual hip hop beef that Kendrick was kind of being nice on it first. Drake kind of continued to push the envelope and Kendrick responded in a very fierce and, and decisive way. Okay. Like, there's no one out there that's gonna, that's gonna argue. I I highly doubt anyone's gonna ever argue that Drake won that rap beef. Okay. That said, Drake is one of the greatest rappers, performers, artists in hip hop history.


And Kendrick to an extent is too, but from a scoreboard standpoint, Drake is holy. Drake is, wait, where is this story going? I thought this was a short story. No, that's it. No, That was it. I could talk That Was Wait, wait, wait. So wait. It's only 36. I'm trying to find out why are they calling Drake a pedophile? Okay. So that's the interesting part. It's Not interesting. It's a fucking lie. Yeah, That's What I thought. Which puts a damn to me like Yes. Yes. Not like us is a hit. It's an undeniable objective fucking smash. But I don't know if you can just like, make up shit about people That is not true. Yeah. And like win a rap battle. 'cause in that case, like what? You could say anything about anyone? No. Yeah. He made a hit. True. Yeah. But like not, I think they're Referencing Fucking Pedophile. They're referencing content. Yo. I get what they're, I get what they're referencing.


What are They referencing though? I don't know. There's A huge difference between like that and like being a pedophile. That's Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's, that's crazy dude. Like these, and by the way, these grooming allegations, like, shut up man. I'm just not, I wasn't buying it And, and I think making shit, I think making shit up. Like for me, although it's still a hit, like deduct some points from, from, from the, the rap beef. Drake must buy a lot of prime or something. What's going on here? No, He's, Man, You know, I don't know. I've, I've always really loved Drake. No, no, Thank you. And I've met him multiple times. Really? And he's always been just so nice to me. Yeah. He's really cool. And y yeah. He's just a great guy. Yeah. And, and, and, and I love him.


I have a personal thing when people make shit up about people. Yeah. Because they, they do it to me all the time. And I know what it's like to be on the receiving end of that. And it's just like, That's why I don't give into any of that stuff too. 'cause I don like, like I'd never heard an heard anything solid or anything. So I was like, like that's, to me, that was like, like it's justs. It's these Pictures. There's pictures and videos of like h him hanging out with pe hanging out with people before they're eight. You know what I'm saying? Like, hanging out with a young, well like Kylie or something like that in, in nightclubs and, and it's just the way the internet is now. It's like they'll call anybody. Yeah. I get called a pedophile for dating a 25-year-old at 40. Do You know what? Do You know what a p do You know what the term pedophile means?


No, they don't. They don't. People don't, I think not Know. It means, it means you have interest in pre pubescent children. Insane. Insane. Prior to puberty. No, it's insane. So 12, 13 years old. It's, it's insane. It insane. Literally the term gets thrown around now to an extent that it just, it it basically, the internet is starting to deem words useless. Like anybody can get called anything. Yeah. You can call, you can call anyone anything. You know what I'm saying? And, and the words don't have the, the Oxford meaning to them Anymore. Yeah. Like the, like they don't have like the weight, the weight word. They don't hold the weight anymore. Yeah. That's exactly what it is. They, and, and it's an unfortunate situation because there is a real problem there. Yeah. And so now the word gets used on everyone, on every single person. And now the word means is very little now.


You know what I'm saying? And so it's, I think the definition of words is pretty fucking important, dude. It Certainly should be. Yeah. And in the usage too. Yeah. Sidney Thomas or Sidney Sweeney. Sydney Sweeney. How come? How do you, how do you, do You know Sydney Thomas? 'cause wait, that's the ring girl from Ja Jake's fight, right? I don I don't know her. It was just on, it was on the p Have you Met her To have I met her? You, she's been at some of the events we've been at. No, I like Just, she was just At fanatics with us at NFL at, I mean I was like shopping from afar, but I'm just kidding. I wasn't shopping. I, You know, I've already bought and closed out. Are you dating? No. Well, you've already bought and closed.


Well not I'm, am I dating like Yeah, but I don't have a girlfriend I guess. I don't know. Pizza or cheeseburgers? Sh, pizza. What? Well, actually cheeseburgers. I don't know. Cheeseburgers. Definitely Marinara Sauce. Fucks in my stomach. Hmm. What kind Of sauce? Marinara. Damn. That sucks. Red sauce fucks in my stomach. That's what's another thing. Gut health is big. You wouldn't find yourself eating like Tostitos pizza Rolls. Yeah, no, I do much of those things. That's why I feel like shit sometimes. So good dude. Yeah, you get that. All that stuff. And You got a favorite cartoon?


Do I have a favorite cartoon? Rick and Morty was up there than I'd probably actually South Park. Would you, Would You Rather have a Camry or a Nissan Altima? Mm. Altima Scooter or small motorbike scooter. If somebody hit you with a brick, is there something you would say to them? Sorry. No, I'm just kidding. If it was something that, that would hit. If, if they gave me a, Somebody gives, somebody gives you a brick of, of cocaine, what would you say to them? They Thank you very much. Good sir. You fell off a poker stick from a pretty significant height. Would You Rather be wearing a helmet or elbow pads From a poke pogo stick Elbow pads. Well, n knee pads, right?


Music Not An option. Not an option. Unfortunately The helmets in, if you were going to drop, if you had two people on the edge of a cliff, your fiance or your brother who you're dropping, What the fuck? Yep. You like that one Myself? Probably. What If you asked What, what if you unfortunately had to answer this question? So it's like, am I like, okay, You're holding them by their hair. Okay. And you're, what you have to, you, you, you, you have to live with it too. The fact that you're thinking about this. If I'm your fiance, I'd be very angry. No, she'll understand that.


I, I I simply cannot answer this question. Maybe That was Jake in that video that was going around to, You know, is that maybe that's why y'all so close. The, the Paul the Pole. Right? Did any, did anything, did anything pop in your mind? Yeah. Oh yeah. I think I know the answer. Well, why can't you s why wouldn't you say it? If, if it, if it was like for me, if it was mom or dad, that's hard. But like, Well, like, let, let, let, let tell you the intricacies of this question. One's my brother is my blood. I love him more than any human being. That's a male. And the other is the mother of my child and the love of my life. And so that, it is a very difficult question because either way it's just tragic.


Do you wanna know? And horrible. And it would hurt the other person's feelings. But who do you Hang out with more? Obviously my fiance. Frequently. Exactly. And I would hate for my daughter to grow up without a mother. So if I had to choose, I can't even, I can't even answer this question, bro. But We know where you're going. Yeah, basically. I did answer, but I can't answer. Wanna Know? Do you wanna know why? I think you that was right to answer too. He's, he's like, he's kind of built and I think he would have the best chance of like somehow surviving. I think he'd understand. I think he'd understand. Like imagine if, if it was put it like this, if it were, if he was in my scenario and it was me in Utah, I would definitely be like, bro, like you got a whole life ahead of you. Like send send me dog. You got like, let me go, let me go.


Imagine that moment, dude. And you said that to him and he just, there was tears started to welp in his eyes. I know. It's almost worse than Dick Ransom guy. It Is Dick Ransom. Someone tried to ransom. That's the one thing, you know, He's, that's Out. There's the one thing I'm thankful for is that no one tried to blackmail me. I'm surprised no one tried to blackmail. That's, that's Miraculous. You know what I mean? Is, Is there more? Maybe I should have checked my dms, but like, I don't know Where, can we sign up for more Sketch of that type of Sketch content? No, there's nothing. Oh, That's it, it All came out. No, that's, that's, that's it. What Do you, what do you think about that right there? I can't see that Far. Oh, forget it. Where if, if, if Trump tapped you tomorrow and said, Sketch, it's an emergency, we need you to, to get the price of eggs down, what would, what would your first step be?


It'd be to tariff every country for 25% of everything they own. And that should just handle the egg crisis. Yes. That, that, that should handle everything. Actually I do a 50% tax and then I would name everything after America. The, the the, oh, Sorry. That's just the, that's just the current strategy. Yep. How like The UK people don't realize how, like, stupid being in the uk, they used to be so imperialistic dude during World War II World, Wilson wanted to like hold North Africa, parts of India. Most of the time they were kind, they're, they're just as big as assholes as we are. The uk. Yeah. Oh yeah. The United Kingdom was the biggest, like imp They're the biggest imperialist of all.


Oh, for Sure. That's why we fled Australia. Part of the reason. Well, no, but Americans, we left, we left the uk No taxation without representation, homie. Yep. And now we're, now we're attacking the That's crazy. Damn. That is actually what a cinema, What's your Favorite Movie? Favorite Movie ever? I don't know. I'm a big Will Ferrell guy. So like, I like Stepbrothers, the other guys. Those are all good ones. And then like Interstellar is a good, like, if, you know, like Top three for me. Yeah. That's like that. That's, that's the You wanna know Conspiracy. You wanna know Side of me. You wanna know his top three. What's his top Three? Interstellar.


Good World's Greatest Showman. Never seen The Prestige. Never seen. Have You seen The Gentleman? Oh, Is it? No. Wait, are you talking about like the wait, like with Knives Out Like The Gentleman? Or Wait, the, which one's The gentleman, the, The Gentleman. Guy Richie. There's also McCaughey, mcc, Netflix, Matthew McConaughey was in it. I haven't seen that one. It's a great movie. Movie. It's very good. What did that scoot into your top three Or Is it four? It said four. I could do it Four. Did I get your top three, right? Yeah, they do. See we're still friends. That's Impressive. Yeah, we are. I know we Totally are. Did You know I was gonna get it right? I wasn't sure. It's That's impressive. That's impressive. What can I say? We've been know, I Friends also know you only remember it 'cause you think it's fucking ridiculous. Not Interstellar anymore.


Have you ever had Inter that's, Have you ever had, have you ever had an opinion that you believed in that that was then the answer I know to this is Yes. That was then sh re that was then shaped or reshaped by other people's opinions. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Like, like, like dude, I told so many people that Inception was a superior movie to win. They're stellar. And I, I continuously got laughed at really and truthfully. And, and Inception is incredible film. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I, I guess I really did. And I understood the, the breadth of the quality of, of Intertel. I don't think it's a statement to get laughed at though. They didn't. That's a's a conversation. Were just so sure that Interstellar was a better movie. So Sure. Dude, It is a better movie. That's, that's what I Got.


And so, so I've come around on that. But it's not even my top three. My top three are, You know, can you name my three? I'd say Sicario is number one. Yep. No Country for Old Men. Yep. No, that's a great one. Yeah. No Country for Old Men. That's A great one. Yeah. The third one's on the bubble. So you can, if you name a couple of 'em, I would give it to you. Sicarios number one, no Comedies. Oh My God. It is all action. Yeah. He's Like, he likes the, I I do love comedy movies, but I keep them on a separate list that don't make the top like, dude, come on. Happy Gilmore Black, black Sheep. This Isn't a top Re tomboy. I wouldn't say Children of Men, but probably like a top tener For you. It's Children of Men is easily a bubble. Third. I, I generally say they're Fight Club or departed. Oh yeah, yeah. I Have, I have a recent question that like, I tweeted that I'm still don't know him, but like what movie do you most want?


Like a sequel for The I want Sicario three Sicario? No, like the, it's the second one. Not a, not a third one. Oh, what's a, what's a third call? The tl Yeah. Trilogy. So it'd be Trilogy Tri, like, like, so it's like Stepbrothers two, pineapple Express two Sequels would be sick in comedies. Yeah. Yeah. I wish because yeah, I was just trying to think of one. I thought of a good Comedying show the other day and then I forgot about it. You should do a movie. I need to start writing shit down. That's my problem. It was like, like ideas. Yeah. You use your notes on your phone. Yeah. Should you wanna see Sketch? Do you Sketch? It might be Dirty Sketch. I don you think Trivia Sketch. Do you think the trivia show would do good?


I would always wanted to do like a, a news one. Like just go through like, 'cause I like to going over news and No, Not a, not a newscast. What I'm saying is, I, I truly think that there's A, that was my last thing in my notes there All, lemme go ahead and read this. Do y'all have Chamoy and Taj? Chao and Tahin? I was at a loud Mexican restaurant trying to get a drink. And, and did you, was it like a translation or like No, it was, it was loud. So I just like, she couldn't hear me. Yeah. I mean, yeah. J All right. That's what I write down though. Yeah. Write down more of your thoughts. I'm sure they're good guys, we gotta get Outta here. Who's, who's, who's Beefing, who's Beef? I don't know.


That's, can I see one more? This one's my Christmas list. What's on it? Me both. Just my family. Oh. Oh, you want your family for Christmas? Well, That's like, was making sure I Got 'em all. Maddy's gotta feel superior to everyone else. I went. Err ironically. Well, I Got her, I Got my, both my, my si my older, I have two older sisters and they're like both married, but I Got 'em both, both my sisters like couples matching Legos, like big Lego sets. Fuck yeah. And I challenge them if they, if if the first one to complete it, they're like the, the biggest one, the first one to complete it gets, gets like a thousand dollars.


Nice. Pretty sick. Hey. Hell yeah. Hey Sketch. Hey Sketch. Thanks for coming on the show. Thanks for having Me, bro. Yeah. And also I love you bro. I love you too, Bro. Honestly, me too. You're a fucking great person, dude. And I really, yeah, It was fun. Thank you for giving me a chance to talk. You, you crushed it. Yeah, dude, we love you. Thanks for coming on. Yo. Dope. Thanks dude. Have fun in London. I am dry. I am having a great time. Yeah, well, we're playing, we're gonna see tomorrow. Oh, oh yeah. Football. Yeah. Yeah. You're on the opposite team though, so watch out. Are you, you're the goalie. Yeah, I'm the fucking goalie. Apologies in advance if I score on you, dude. You're not gonna score shit. See brother. Hey, don't, don't worry. This, this, this talking shit ain't staged. Yeah. Fuck me. Okay, Sketch, ladies and gentlemen.


Yeah. Thanks for watching this episode. We'll see you next time. Take it easy.