
It's the Stallone sisters. Your father is Sylvester Stallone. We do shot put because he wanted us to break the record for shot put. Oh, I lost. I Got second place. He didn't talk to me for a week. And then we put no. Swear to God, because we don't fall in love often. Like we don't date that many guys. See, I have a list of non-negotiables on my phone. Have not listened to one of 'em. What happened to Manly men? Just drinking 2% of whole milk. Dang. Like, I think it's Five. You guys like it? Well, you're in like the five stages of breakup grief right now. You both are in rage. No, I'm not in rage at all. Mike was rage texting us today and he keeps up you guys. I think Mike is having a crash out. Sorry, my dad's calling. Should we answer? Yeah. Sly. What's up dude, it's Logan. What's Up, bro? And Mike? There's NO CRYING ON PRIVATE JETS in this relationship.


I don't care what happens. I feel like My like bucket list was go to Six Flags. Did you? Yes. Yeah. Your podcast. I believe my fiance was supposed to come on it at one point. Oh, do You know why she canceled? She said she was sick. That's not true. Oh, I know that was, You're lying. We left. Yeah. Yeah, we live. It's so close here. It's fuck. Oh, I hate. Oh wait, Are you sure? Do you like la? All right. I mean, it's where I live. I'm the last person holding the flag. Why Though? Why do you still live there? You wanna know why?


Yeah. Everything shut down. Could I give you the God's honest? Are we rolling? Yeah. Could I give you the God's honest reason why go still live there. I don't like cold. The rain and the cold and stuff. You know, like l living in LA is like Groundhog Day. Yes. We've got armed burglars masked men with big extended magazines. We've got homeless people that will infest your backyard and sometimes poop on your lawn. We've got 53% tax rates. We've got an extremely liberal government. We've got some real, real issues out there. But guess what? You wake up and It's Warm and it's warm. Wow. Are you seriously considering sun? The sun is shining sun over everything you just said. You, You would, that you would not believe.


How much could you, the weather affects your mood? Oh, no, I completely agree with with that. Agree. I mean, we've, we have been here for three years in New York and we've had seasonal depression fully. We see why people are angry in New York. Also. It makes you ugly living here. Oh God, really ugly. My gives you wrinkles inside and out. Wrinkles. Yeah, the layers fake man. Everything is closed down socially. You're not gonna go out anywhere. I mean, honestly, people don't even wanna get to know anybody anymore when you're in la. Like everyone's kind of in their own circle. True. I feel like everyone's there for an ulterior motive of like, what do you do? Followers like New York. No one gives a shit. Everyone has their own little identity here. And honestly, if you say you're an influencer, it's kind of looked down upon. And not only that, could you actually raise a family in LA knowing that you have people shitty on your lawn burglars?


Oh. But thank God the son. Yeah. You could raise, You could raise a tough family. Thank you. Could raise a kid who's ready to wrestle up pooping. No, we, I, listen, I don't think you're gonna have like a street fighting kid saying he grew up in Brentwood. Like, I don't know if it's specific. I don't dunno. Up in Brentwood. I mean, also Mike's never starting a family. That's not Oh. Especially because he's newly single. So He's Oh, we've heard, we've heard. Sorry, we already, Mike was rage texting us today. So you guys, I think Mike is having a crash out. I'll let you crash Now. I am. I am deep in a crash out. Is That why you were in this? No, I was just cold because in, it's not la so I had to put a layer on. But It's, I understand you have a lot of guy friends.


We are honestly obsessed with talking about relationship. That's all we do on our podcast. And honestly, we're single. So, so is this, Do you need help? Is this, is this it right now? Is this part? Well, You're in like the five stages of breakup grief right now. You both are in rage. No, I'm not in rage at all. Mm. Hold on a second. Did any she, She's rage baiting you. And so you're raging. No, No, no, no. You're already dating. Accepting Someone can rage. Somebody can rage bait you. And you don't have to rage back. Like, like if you see the content that I've put out, it's been, I'm sad, which I I very much am. Yes. I was dating what, who I believe to be one of the most beautiful people. And that's the content I've been putting out. I didn't realize that I was gonna be someone's 40-year-old undiagnosed son. Secret Rage. Can I say something? Well, No, I'm not raging.


I'm just sad. It's upsetting for Me, you know. Can I say something? Thank God, as a viewer of your social media, I have seen none of you being like nice and sympathetic towards the situation. I, it just, no, not in a bad way, but it just looks like you're partying and having fun and eating burgers. Well, okay. Like if I was the girlfriend, I'd be like, fuck this guy. Okay, so let, he's totally fine. So let me tell you why this is difficult. Break breakups are one of the har hardest things in the adult life. Truthfully. I mean, pretty much anyone would say that. It's, it is your, your person's missing. Yeah. The person that you've been with for the past two years is now gone. You, you wake up every single day. You look at your phone, the first thing you do is you grab your phone in the morning and you look for that. Good morning babe.


Text. Yeah. And it's not there. And every day, You know, your heart drops because you've been used to seeing that for so long. It's a very sad feeling. Right. And by the way, just to kick off right off the start here, 'cause I know a lot of people watching this episode are, are feeling this breakups are very prevalent. Yeah. Especially in March, which we'll talk about. We'll Talk about March three. You're gonna be, you're gonna be okay. Yeah. You're gonna be okay. It's going to well, and I Feel bad, by the way. Look, I always say I've had heart surgery, so I always talk about like hearts as a resemblance for relationships. And I always say when your heart breaks scar tissue builds up, patching it up, but there's still a scar tissue. You know, it's still very vulnerable. It's still wounded, it's still, and I think especially as you get older, relationships are so selective.


Like, I don't, soci and I are very picky about who we date. We are mostly single than we are in relationships. And we don't date that often, which is ironic because all we do is talk about relationships. So think so think I'm in the same, I'm in the same boat. I underst understand that. I feel like it's 10 years. When it's two years when you're 40 years old, it's like, I totally understand. But I want to touch on the point that you guys called me out on. Yeah. No matter what, I feel like I have a career. I have to wake up every day. I've got multiple revenue streams, businesses that need to be run podcast. I gotta sit down and bring good energy. Yeah. Yeah. And do You know how hard that is when you feel terrible and you're walking into a room and you're, you're, you don't feel great. You know, it's so, but I've got, in years of working with my friend here, I've gotten very good at putting on a face.


Yeah. I mean, he's been through, he's been through so much too. And Right. Yeah. You have to show up. You got to Compartmentalizing, I feel like is is such a strength if you can do it. Yeah, I agree. And it's hard, I think especially with this, where people really do look up to you for a lot of inspiration. And they do also want you to talk very vulnerably about your personal lives as a way to like gain strength from what you do. So it's like, how do you compartmentalize your personal life without getting so invested in worked up where you look like you're failing, but you're also strong. It's like you have and without hurting their feelings. Sophia and I were talking about this the other day. We said, isn't it so strange how you would literally go from strangers with someone to best friends, to lovers to being intimate to enemies? It's like, That's weird.


It's horrible. Yeah. It's what I told Mike is, and, and, and part of like, the psychological reason why I feel like breakups are, are so difficult is because, what do they say 30 days to form a habit? 90 days to form a behavior. Yeah. If you're in a long-term relationship, this person is like part of your behavior. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. It's all, you know and love those morning texts is like, that's part of the routine. That's everything. All of a sudden one day it's gone. It's gone. It's, it's, it's kind of fucked up. It might be, it's kind of Like, Yeah. Sorry, I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry to hear you're going through it Hard. No, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm okay. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be. Okay. The, the toughness with this one is, and, and by the way, I bring these topics up because they're very, very applicable to Oh yeah.


Like, these are just stepping stones for us to have great conversation today. Right. A lot of people watching us are going through the same thing. You know how prevalent breakup TikTok is and relationship problem TikTok is, you guys talk about this stuff all the time. One of the hardest things about this particular one for me is like all of my other breakups, or a lot of them were like, okay, one of us is going to die. This relationship like this has gotten Wait, wait, wait. Literally going, this is yes. By that. Like, This has gotten to, some of them were during drug time, some of them will not. But like Now I what you're saying, this has gotten toxic and, and someone is, You know, we're saying mean things to each other, so on and so forth. This one is like very amicable, which is really, has been really difficult because there's no catalyst.


Yeah. Beyond the fact that we just cannot stop fighting. Right. And we've been doing that for like, I feel like I'm gonna get so open today. And I maybe that's okay. I'm not, that's open. I'm not saying I'm not, I love it. Anything bad. 'cause like I said, I do love her, but like we, we, I think for so long, I, I was, I was thinking that these fights were a result of like her sh You know, short temper or Latino or age or whatever. Well, you said She's an Aries, that's definitely a part of, or, or Those things. But, but more so lately I've been exploring this, I really wanna talk about it today, is, is how different we are from an attachment style standpoint.


Oh. And so what's your attachment style? Do want to guess? Are you avoidant? I am on that part of the spectrum. Okay. And she's very anxious attachment. Exactly. For Sure. Anxious. Which Is hard. So you, you guys know bo both, You know. Yeah. No, we know, You know me better. But you've met her. Yeah. And we've talked, so, so for anybody watching this, let's talk about the four Yeah. Attachment types. You've got secure attachment type, which represents about 66% of people in The world, right? They do. They, and a lot of this is based on how you were brought up as a kid. So they do well with relationships, with intimacy, with emotional sharing, with vulnerability. On the left side of that is anxious people who are anxiously attached. Yeah. These people had some sort of upbringing, You know, differential.


And they need a, they need a little bit of added reassurance in relationships. Right. 'cause they are, they're worried and scared of abandonment. Okay. On the flip side. And the people who get the most heat on social media Okay. Is the avoidant. And a lot of times this ends up being guys. They are, they have commitment issues. They ghost as soon as there's a fight or an argument of any kind. And the, these are usually results of upbringing issues as well. Yeah. 'cause maybe they weren't given the, the right amount of care. Is it from their caregivers? Whatever. It's, right. And then there's another one called disorganized, which we don't have to get into. But the thing about it is, like, everybody wants to be termed as an avoidant and anxious. But it's a spectrum. It's Totally A spectrum.


It's a spectrum. Yeah. And so you can end up, I I veer slightly avoidant, but I show up. I post, I don't hide anything. I always there. I send all the flowers and I, I work at it and it's hard for me. It is. Yeah. But when you team and avoid up with an anxious, it's, which is the majority, as you guys know, is the majority of relationships. Right. It can be very difficult. But I will say I do commend you guys for taking this, not separation or break, but like separating because I think a lot of people struggle with, okay, so you say it takes 90 days to form a habit. So your guys' habit is fighting and that's how you depend on each other. Yeah. And that is now your conversation. And a lot of people fear the unknown, right. So being single is more of a fear than actually sticking to a relationship, even though it's so tumultuous.


They would rather say in something they're so familiar with Yeah. Than actually breaking off and growing. Because every time you do break off, it hurts. It sucks. But you do always feel like you, like you grow as a human being. Even more so. So I do, as much as it's so hard after two years to not have that person that wakes up to you every single day, you're not even realizing the person you're gonna become. And you're gonna attract someone that is so much more aligned to you. And she's gonna attract someone more to more lines to him. It's, it's gotten to the point where you have confused conflict with love and you've confused passion with love. Passion with love or, or anger or yelling with it shows how much I care about you. Yep. And at the end of the day, none of that really matters.


Like, do you want to wake up? Because this is the worst part of the relationship is when you break up and you only remember the good and you only remember you Romanticize And you only remember like wake up and you only remember the great sex. And that's all you can think about. But think about all of the stupid things that maybe she got on you about things that you had a boundary and she kept pushing things that you pushed on her boundaries, the buttons that you guys would hit His tolerance for that is abnormally high. Really abor. That's abnormally high. Mine's so low. I just wanna say one thing while we're on this topic. 'cause I feel like, I feel like it's important and I'm, I'm very lucky to have found a person who embodies this characteristic that I feel like is the solution to a lot of what we're talking about.


It's like a, it's a, it's honestly a hack for women. And I'm curious if you guys have this quality, but the quality of being conflict avert. Oh my God. Like, like you don't want fucking problems. And, and also why? Yeah. Right. Like you're, you're not here to create problems. You're here to create solutions and bring us both up the mountain together. Exactly. I'm not saying this about his, his girl, but like in some of my past relationships, like I've, I've always felt like I was like the problem. And then I realized I'm a little bit of it For Sure. 'cause I'm, I, I kind of like conflict, right? But man, when I found Nina, it was so refreshing to have been with a girl who like doesn't cause issues.


Right? Yeah. And it's exactly easy. It's so easy. Like you don't have to be angry or don't or cry or lie in a relationship. What are we doing? You can just enjoy. Exactly. And I do think, and I don't believe you actually are gonna find that for a long time when you, in so many of those crisis relationships, you're like, who is gonna be out there? It's all I've never ever had. That's all. That's all I've never had. And then all of a sudden you meet and it's truly this your best friend that genuinely just goes, I just wanna sit with you and just hang out. Yeah. I do think, think it is a generational curse, if you will. Like just seeing how your parents maybe communicated in a relationship and showed love. And then perhaps it's one of those things that you can either continue that cycle and think that fighting is love or you are the one that breaks the cycle, breaks the generational curse. Like, oh, okay, actually I'm gonna not do what they did and find something different, more wholesome.


I also believe your cups both have to be full. True. I always say this is that where's your cup at? Mike? Where's your Cup? Mike? Me per, I have so much work to do. I'm, I'm, I have so much work to do. And also like, truthfully, like I also, I mean that in two ways. I mean, on myself, but I also mean on the planet. Like truthfully, like I, I have been, I spoke with Logan about this. Maybe, maybe now's a good time to Bring Yeah, I, yeah. I had a, a medium reach out to me last week. Mm Oh, interesting. So a medium of breath work coach, someone that I've worked with in the past. Yeah. I've just done breath work with her. But it was about five years ago. Okay. Her name's hella, I'll say her name. She's Just from a little bit more context. Lucas Mack, who's Jake's breath work coach for all of his fights.


It's his partner. Correct. They're, they're like kind of in the circle and they're both very good at What they did. Amazing. Like amazing breath work. Yeah. But I hadn't spoken with her at all. And she reached out to me while I was traveling in Austin last week getting stem cells. And she said, Hey, I, I really need to meet with you. Is it, is, is there a time that We can meet? And I said, yeah, I'm traveling right now. I'll be back home Monday. You can, you can come over, whatever. So Monday night comes along, she takes this like $260 Uber on her own dime to my house and shows up at the door, sits on the couch, we talk for like five minutes. And she's like, Hey, I have to tell you something right now that's gonna be a little bit heavy. Like, are you, are you ready to hear it? And like, when I get in the room with like mediums and stuff like that, like I start to get a little bit scared tense, right? Of course. Yeah. I, I am a Christian. I, I think about this thing and that thing.


And she goes, when you were, when you were going through all your, your drug stuff and, and the trauma in your life, she goes, did you ever do, do you think that you ever passed at any point to the other side? And I was like, I mean, I've been on life support so many times and in so many accidents. And I, I would assume, like I would assume maybe it could be possible. And she's like, so, so you have, she goes, you, you 100% have seen the other side. And I was meditating on this last week after a friend of of mine passed. She told me, and she said, and I, I kept seeing your face, so I meditated deeper. And she said, I have, I have been told to bring you the message that you are the voice for the people who have passed from addiction and mental illness.


You are their wow voice on earth. You are their mouthpiece. You are their legs, their body. Since they don't have that, that Oh God. And they wanna let You know that you're protected. You have been sent on this mission, you've been sent back on this mission. She almost called it like, as like an angelic grim reaper. She said, wow, to bring this message home. That's so powerful. It, it shook me very, very deeply. Yeah. To my core, like truthfully to have this message of affirmation on something that I am so deeply about to really roll into. Obviously I already have a bestselling book about it, which I would love to featured on the book club at some point of point. Of Course. Yeah. That's yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Of course. But, but like to have that affirmation of, of something that is, is, is in my core the only thing I ever felt passionate about in my life, which is helping people Right.


That, that struggle with that. And so when I say I have a lot to work on and how it affects my relationships, I don't mean just internally. I mean, I have a lot to do. Yeah. And, and that is another obstacle when you're trying to share a life with somebody because Yeah. I have a lot of work to do. Yeah. Right. Can I tell you, that's actually something interesting, and not to get astrology based, but just to kind of give you a context, but why 2025 is really, really interesting is Pluto is one of the farthest from the sun, and it just represents like death and rebirth. Right? For 16 years it's been in Capricorn, which is all about grinding work, money building, like building your empire, right? So for the first time in 16 years, it's an Aquarius, which is very eccentric, free spirited, but very humanitarian.


Everything is about helping your family, helping the masses, wanting to grow generationally. And it's really interesting that this woman approached you to let You know that this is your mission, especially for 2025, that you have to be in this mindset of helping the people, because that's all what Aquarius is, is that they're very innovative and it's ne it's more technology based. And it's kind of ironic with everything that's going on in our government as well with technology and that whole thing with Elon and Cha, GBT, and Sam, whatever. But I just think it's, sorry, but I think it's just interesting that that happened with the whole Pluto thing. But it's, it felt very aligned when I just heard that you said that. And I feel like a lot of people are kind of in this realm right now, in 2025.


It's like, what is the next big step that I can make it even bigger, but like, more people see it, but it helps them and, and it's, I don't know. And it, it just, I it feels very serendipitous to hear that that was meant, that's what it was. That to Be That's the one. Yeah. And that's the word. I mean, I've, I remember when I told the story about how I kept running into people before onsite as well, and it was this really like god-given situation to keep it on relationships. How much do you guys believe that horoscopes play a role in matchmaking? I'll tell you this. A first date hates to see us coming. Yeah. Because we're saying, what is your sign every time? Oh, you're that kind of girl. Listen, believe it. If you want, by the way, we grew up with this stuff. Our grandma was an astrologist.


Sly had crystals the size of children. We'd have to walk around in our home. Like we grew up on this. He lives on it. He loves astrology. He Lives it. I'm sorry. You call him sly. Yes, we do. Yes we do. How about this Sly? We love you. Is so nuts that when my little sister was being born, my mom was induced into labor and he told the doctors, hold off for one more day. I want her to be a Gemini. So we kept her in the belly one more day. So she's the Gemini. That's, yeah. Can I, can I tell you really quickly, and I want, I just want to give you guys your flowers right now. You, you guys have created such a force and such a knowledge base and such a and, and your energies and your, your, your approach to all this is so big that we've made it, You know, 20 plus minutes into this podcast without mentioning the fact that your father is Sylvester.


Oh yeah. Fucking Stallone. Like That is not even close to the first thing that came off. Okay. One of the greatest actors in the history Of the Universe. He does. He does. All right. He does All right. He's fine. You guys are the stars now. No, it's crazy. I mean, Thank you. It's kind of cool because we're kind of trying to pave our own path with having that name and we're kind of figuring out our own steps. But yeah. I mean, my God, the shoes are massive to fill. Yeah. Mean it's nice that we're girls. I think that's what helps a lot. True. That's true. I wanted to ask about this. I do feel like we should do an intro just really quick So we can Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Hi Guys. For those of you who have not figured it out, it's the Stallone sisters. No, Thank you Sophia and Sine. Yeah. Thanks for joining us. We normally do it at the beginning, but we Okay, we're back.


Okay. I just had a daughter. I just had a Daughter. Congratulations. I don Congratulations. Today's her half birthday, six months old. Little Wait. That is huge. And can I just say, Stan and I were talking about this this morning, we're like, oh my God, wait, he has a daughter. That's the best. And I thought, oh my God. It'd be kind of cool to share what our dad did with us that really we loved as daughters with our relationship with her father. To tell you Ladies. Yeah, I was going to ask. Okay, Great. We're all on the same, Please. And enlightens. I do. I do wanna say this. My parents always said, I love that you have a daughter. Because boys, when they hit a certain age and they find their wife or their girlfriend, whatever, they don't really need their parents anymore. Like, they just leave. I can Relate. Come, But women Are forever. Yeah. Like, but daughters are forever.


So mom And dad, I love you guys. No, but it's true. And that's fine. That's just the way it is. But daughters are forever. They always come back home to their mom and dad. Yeah. They always need their mom and dad. So that's really sweet. But I was thinking about this and I mentioned Cena. I was like, wait, this is something I really wanna tell you because growing up my dad raised us like boys. Like, I think that was the biggest thing. Yeah. When he saw us, he didn't see us and go, oh, she's gonna love clothes, makeup, all the girly stuff. The, we looked like boys. I will tell you, he respects the hell out of you because of ww We grew up Yeah. On Summer Slam. No way. Oh God. Oh yeah. I, Randy, my dad was upset Undertaker. HI beat Randy. He's, so, I had the biggest crush on it. Oh, same here. Triple H, like we lived for ww. So my point was, was that he involved us in his world without separating us, being like, oh, they wouldn't care about it.


We grew up playing golf, shot put WW comic books. Oh. Like, loved it. So what I'm saying to you is, if you feel like you can't relate to your daughter, just bring her into your world. Show her everything. Love. Love. We love. And I'm telling you, we've become very well-rounded because we can think like a guy and a girl now. Like We can relate to you guys on literally the brost stuff. But that's only because he was like, honestly, the only thing I want my daughters to do is throw a shot, put smoke a cigar and smoke a pot club. No. That's how it totally bonded. When I was like 17, I go, okay, what does he love to do? Watch UFC every Saturday and smoke a cigar. So what did we do? Started smoking cigarillos and watching UFC. No way. Every Saturday for like four years. Yeah. From like high school in college. Yep. You Guys are gangsters. Oh, we Love it. Mean he can be erased by him.


Inherently though, are you must not be like girly girls, right? Like definitely Not. I mean, kind of. No, we've become more so, but no, we were more rough. Like my dad would always teach how to throw a punch. We were softball. He took down our jungle gym and replaced it with a softball cage, like a batting cage. Like everything was much more masculine. We had bow and arrows in the backyard. Like, that was how we actually had to be fit. Yeah. I, I want to say something. I don't want this to be taken the wrong way. 'cause like, I feel, I feel like to raise your daughter like a lady and, and like a, a woman, even if that is like more feminine is not a bad thing. That's, no, there's lot of power in that. But I asked this girl named Jaden, she has a YouTube channel called Jaden Animations.


Mr. Beast invited a bunch of YouTubers in this glass box to compete for a million dollars. Crazy. Very successful YouTuber. Yeah. You know, we're trapped in this box. So in between challenges, I, I, I asked her, I was like, Hey, like I'm about to have a daughter. Can you give me advice on like what it takes to raise a young woman to be successful like you did? And she said the same exact thing you just said. Isn't that crazy? She said, my dad didn't raise me like a girl. Yeah. Yep. And, and she didn't, she didn't feel like her gender affected like anything. No, no. That she could. We still loved clothes, make like, clearly we loved doing our hair. We loved, but our morning routine was insane for fourth grade. Oh God. It was Awful. Did you dump your head in ice water? Oh, I'll tell You. We did for, what, five years?


Starting in like the second grade almost through high school. Honestly, forever high. We can, he'd wake us up at school, start at eight, he'd wake us up at 6:00 AM Come downstairs. We'd have to do 20 pushups, 20 situps, 20 clean and jerks. Are you serious? I'm not kidding. And if we didn't snap Correct, we'd have to start over, we would go to the backyard and shoot. Go to put, yeah, we'd do shot put because he wanted us to break the record for shot put who does shot put? That's crazy. Okay. Oh, I lost, I Got second place. You didn't talk to me for a week. And then we put No, I swear to God. Second grade we actually got, so Also like, you guys don't really have the frame for shot put. I don't, oh, we don't. Chicks that were like 300 pounds, then we would throw punch steady white chick here. I'm like, no, we'd have to memorize combinations. Then we do combinations. And then memorize Edgar a Poe.


Well that, that was after school it, Sorry, dark. The raven. The Raven. Yeah. Never into, into A tape for The whole thing. And then before we left for school, he would make us like four eggs each. I hated eggs. I can't eat eggs to this day. I would vomit. He'd make me another plate. I'm like, fuck. Oh My God. Jack, how much of That routine do you think is, is is part of the reason why you guys are so successful? A lot of it. Oh yeah. A lot Is it taught us how to have hard work and also keep ourselves accountable. We were very active. I think also it really instilled us how to be healthy, working out what it takes to be the best. And our parents didn't come from anything. Like both of them were, yeah. New money, ground up. My dad was living on the street in New York. My mom has like no parents.


One is seven in Minnesota, like bullshit. And she raised her, she started her own company, made billion, billion dollars in sales. Yeah. Billion dollars in sales for take care. Okay. Jesus. I know. Yeah. And she's beautiful. And the best mom ever. So, and it's crazy. So we were raised with really like, like you guys super ambitious people. Yeah. And they instilled that in us and always reminded us, You know, everything isn't handed to you. And that was like a big part of it too. Yeah. How do you stay that ambitious knowing that you have such big shoes to fill? Like, like did you ever feel like the pressure was too much? All The time. All the time. Yeah. We were always all the trying to be really perfect, especially growing up. And I think that we still have that innately in us. But I think what really helped us today is finding our own avenue.


Like Stein's not being a screenwriter. And she does a lot of things on the side that like, he's not involved with. I just finished my first romance novel. Like that's gonna be my new avenue Sick. And I think having our own paths and our own voices and also this podcast like that has nothing to do with him. It has everything to do with us. Has really gave us the confidence. And I think they taught us, You know, expand your world. Expand your circle. Like don't just stay in the, I think also not being in the social media world, super young was a big idea. Like, we didn't get involved until after college. We didn't know. We didn't park. Well, we weren't invited. Actually. Wait, wait, I just remembered. Oh God. Oh my God. We have to say something. This is such crazy timing. Crazy coincidence with you, Logan. I think I Know what you're Gonna say. No, no, no, no. This is so bad.


This is nuts. You guys, yesterday on my photos app in my phone, you know how they do like four years ago today, whatever. Right? I Got one eight years ago. Today I click on it. Who's the photo? Us three. US three. US three. We've met. And I was like, wait, what? What are the odds? We're seeing you tomorrow. We already have a photo with you. So then I was going into my Rolodex, I'm like, where was this from year 2017? It was some Dolce Gabbana event in la. No way. We took like a party bus to a club. We were all underage, but they rented it out. No way. Here's the craziest part. All I remember is that we were on this party bus and you were so nice. Yeah. You were really? And that I never forget.


Are you sure? I promise you. I promise. No, trust me. I would tell you. I forgot that actually. Or I would tell you if you're an asshole for Sure. Oh yeah, we were, you were really friendly and we were just like so shy. I didn't say anything. You were just so friendly to everyone. You were kind of in like this like eccentric phase, I think in your life because you're like, dabbing. Wait, Y'all, wait, did you see Wait, I have like No, no, no. It could've been three. Definitely at the, he was definitely like the peak where it was like blogging peak, a lot of like So that Was five. That was five years ago then. No, I have, I have photos of video. Oh, you're dabbing in the video. I was dabbing in the, oh yeah, No, that Could be. I have it three. It's amazing. Have it. Can I please see it? Of course. Yeah. Yeah, course. Go grab it. Where Is it? It's so funny. But what Have you had? Could that have been 2022?


No, No, no. It was, it was earlier. No, it, it was 2017. Yeah. No, it was way, Well how did you guys, that was, that was eight years ago. You turned off Your phone. That's insane. Insane. Oh, I I thought You said 13. Sorry. Insane. That's insane. No, it was crazy. I know. Are tomorrow, you were so nice to US ON the bus. You were just being like, you weren't being loud or anything. You were just like, Hey, like Logan. You were, and You know what? We meet a lot of people, a lot of like kids, especially in this position. And they're all so mean. Mean and we don't like, so we never forget someone that was really name Some of the mean watch. Oh God. And when the camera cut, You know who they Are. You know. You know what I, while you look for that picture, You know what I thought you were gonna say. Oh yeah. Oh God. Did we date someone You know? No. Oh, thank God. Sure. Actually. Actually, yeah. Probably. Actually. Probably. Probably. I probably you not me. Probably me. Probably. I think you might have, oh, I don.


It's never me. No, no, no. I was gonna say your podcast. Yeah. I believe my fiance was supposed to come on it at one point. Oh, Okay. Nina canceled. We were actually, can I tell you this? We were not gonna bring this up 'cause we're like, it's not, I forgot about this. I was so bitter that day. N Nina canceled. Nina canceled. She canceled. But it's okay because we had four other guests that day. So it was fine. Yeah. It was okay. We were just upset 'cause we're like so excited to meet her and have her on and then she canceled the morning of and we're like, oh, does she not wanna go on? She hates Us. Do you know why she canceled? She said she was sick. I think she said she Was sick. Right. That's not true. Oh, I know. What Do you know what it, the Truth was? That was the morning we met. You're, Wait.


That's okay. I We can totally kill you again. Hold on. We've been like invisible string theory for a long time now. That insane. Isn't that crazy? Oh, I'll Allow it. Wait, sorry. Isn't What Does that mean? Like, you were like hanging out in her apartment or something was Yeah, she's like, Wait, you're not crazy Funny. Okay, so, okay. She had said that I would like bet was this 2021? No, 2022. And we flew to New York. We're still living in LA and we booked like a bunch of guests in LA, New York just like have on. And Nina was like the first one. And so we're ready, ready. We're excited. We have our thing out and all of a sudden we get a call like she's sick. She can't come in and we're so upset. We're like, fuck. She like sick. Now we have like the studios. I was more sour More's not what I would say.


Yeah. Listen, Wait, that's amazing. I know. I just wanted to see her workout routine, but I was just way better. Yeah. I was like, She was like, she was like, yeah, I was supposed to do their podcast and I canceled. 'cause it was the morning I met you. I was like, what the fuck that. That's Insane's crazy. What a full swap. I would've canceled. Wait, can We, can we talk more about that meeting too? Because let's, I I'd love to get into more dating stuff. Wait, but I really wanna That's insane already. I really wanna Say No. Is that a video? Oh, It's a video. We Have a video. Oh no. Oh my God. No. Oh, It's that your eyes. Is that your Up? God, I have pictures to it. Shut up.


Well we're gonna put 'em on the screen. Yeah. Oh my God. I hit the dab so hard. Look at these Pictures. Shut. Look At the hair is swooping. Oh my God. The hair swoop was going off. Yep. Going off. Wow guys, Thank you. I know we Had one year ago history. I know. Isn't that crazy? 'cause when, and this was last night, us sitting on their couch that popped up. I know. I'm surprised happening all Now. I know Some things are happening. This is crazy Moment. Crazy. Crazy. Whoa, whoa. Crazy. What now? Alright. No. Like, anyway, like The past. Something that Logan wanted to forget about that era of his life.


This is Like podcast full circle, like her on ours. Canceling meets you, US ON yours. It's insane. Serendipity. Weird. Yeah. It really is. Serendipity. And come and now you guys have a reality show. We had a reality I know. Can come Matt squad. No. Why did you guys accept that? Because it's, it's no, by the way, scary thing looks way better than I. Yeah. Ours is kind of frank. Yours looks really fun. Thanks. Thank you for that. It, we didn't accept it. We pitched it so We pitched it. Oh well we were offered it and we're like, I don't know why we're doing this. Okay. Oh really? Okay. Yeah. No, I, the, the, the short-ish version is 'cause like with YouTube, that era. Yeah. My life wasn't interesting enough to like, like I don know, get like a traditional TV show.


Right. I had to manufacture content, which is why I was so eccentric. It's like, like energy. Oh damn. Damn. Tap scuba air. Right? It worked. But yeah, it worked. Definitely worked. I faked it till I made it. Yeah. I do that. Yeah. And, and I felt like at some point my life got interesting enough where I was like, this feels like, and this is gonna sound arrogant coming from me, but I try to look at like stories like as objectively as possible. Yeah. But looking at my life from the outside, I went, You know what, have the fiance now brother's got the speeds. Skating Olympic girlfriend. I'm about to be a dad. WWE champion on Easy. I was like, You know what? I think I'm at a point where like this is, and I think it's an interesting story.


Yeah. Yeah. And I have this like, I, I feel compelled to document. Right. I have since I was like nine. And so I'm like, You know what if I could document on like a BAA bigger format with my family Yep. And finally come together with my brother, who we've never like really done anything together. Right. I think we could tell a pretty interesting story. I think it's a great idea. We always described ours as the greatest home movie ever. Yeah. Yeah. So something, you're gonna look back with all your kids and your parents and you're like, yeah, we And now did that. The brother's engaged. I saw he's engaged. I, it's like You guys are killing it. We need to Thanks. Thanks. Almost. I know. Thanks guys. What are some cha what are some challenges that they could look forward to being a part of? You know, everyone has an opinion, but I feel like you guys are so Well they're already out there.


How about, how about on the industry? Like on the production side? I think what we really honed in on was making sure we had creative control. Yeah. And we really made sure we had editing rights that things weren't manipulated. We had our, our fingers in every single the show. Yeah. We're like, I did the scoring for the show. Wow. We sat in the editing bay for eight hours for every episode. Like we were like everything that, You know what though, because it's what we sly has, you know, such a long prolific career. Right. And we didn't want to come out with anything that would hurt taint it or ruin it. Like Yeah. You don't want him to be remembered because he had that really crappy reality show. Yeah. So if we were gonna do it, we wanted to do it. Right. And what we loved about ours is he really wanted to break the fourth wall.


So it kind of felt like office style where he'd look into the camera and like make a face. Yeah. I would say the the hardest part is pushing back. I mean, but you guys are, the difference Is, it is like they, you're used to this stuff. They're so themselves already on the internet. Whereas we're, we have to keep some things to ourself just to protect our family and like our, What would you say, what would you say that split is between what you're willing to show to the public and the side of your life that you want to keep personal percentage wise? Well, relationships were, Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. That was the biggest one. One me for that. Oh, brother boyfriends. Oh God. Had panic attacks. Yeah. The reality. Yeah. It's just, I think what's hard is like, we're not so in the public eye where our personal lives can be meshing well with the public life.


Like our relationships. None of them wanted to be on the show. Like, you guys have relationships that would be open to doing it. Yeah. And supporting it. Even if she didn't want do it. Like She didn't want to do it. But like, Because she's like, I I love you. I support you. Like this is your life. Like I know what I'm marrying into. Yeah. We didn't have that support. And I think also having to navigate his past and knowing like how much he wanted to expose, like that was really hard. 'cause he is the story. Like it's him, it's the Stallone family. But you know what TV gold is? Everyone would love to see the child of acting erratic and drunk and Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And we're so not that we're, yeah, absolutely. We're not. We're in bed by nine o'clock. You guys are Two put together. No, we're two hours, two good. Put Together. No, but you turn up sometimes. No, I enjoyed it.


But they would say stuff like, okay, I want you to like get really drunk, skinny dip in your pool and call your ex. And I was like, I no, like no. Even though it would be TV gold, they would eat that. Oh yeah. That's great. But I wanna be a mom one day. I don't want them to be like, mom, is this exactly. What was this? Yeah. What Moms don't turn Girls gone Wild. Not my, not my My I'll do, I'll do that. But it'll be unprompted. 'cause see that's Unprompted. You've already done it, but you, you're used to doing it. Yeah, that's true. You know? Yeah. Like you're already doing skydives and back flips off. We're trying to get a husband. We can't be out there to crazy. I want to ask about that for a second. I also want to let Mike speak, but I I am curious just, just really quickly because you keep calling him sly. Oh yeah. Yeah. That doesn't bother him. No.


You know what's it's like, he's, he's like surpassed father. He's just like sly. I don't know, I think when people, 'cause people always ask about him. That's calling him like, dad seems kind of strange when You know him as Sly. I don't, I call my dad Greg. 'cause he Oh, you got it. Yeah. But he has an issue with it. Oh Really? Oh, my dad doesn't. Yeah, he doesn't have an issue. He On Pops. That's, that's classic. I call him Pops Just pops pop old. I know Pops. I'm old. I sometimes sit down with him. We have supper together. We watch our favorite program pops. But wait, you gonna get a float after him? 40 Years old? Like, You know, so yeah, I'll probably have a bite of some meatloaf. Get a Meatloaf. Lot of y Love. Get a flow Maybe. At what age do people start to love?


Oh God, wait, A pop go down the local ice. Shed get some Shit starts like soft food, like meatloaf, mac, jello. I'm there right Now. I'm going get some meatloaf right now. Cup of milk. Oh Cup. Cup of milk Right now. I'm there right now. Go watch Jeopardy right now. What kind Of milk are, what kind of milk are you drinking? Not fucking almond milk. Okay. I'll tell you this. Wow. Sophia and I posted this one clip on our, our, our podcast. We got so shit on food guys. It blew up. But every guy shit on us, because we said that it's what happened to Manly men just drinking 2% of whole milk. Damn. Like, I think it's hot if we're out facts, if we're at a cafe Goes, okay. Facts. Right. How is that a hot tea? Like we wanna On a coffee date with a guy and he goes, I would like an almond milk Coffee. No, I Milk Like, Bro, do you know what milk is?


Milk is a term. It it, it is a product that comes from a cow. Right. You are not drinking almond milk. You are drinking chalk. S not almond water. Almond say Almond water. You can't just put milk. No, but that's like saying this is a glass car. That's not true. It's not fucking, it's not almond milk. What did they come out of a fucking Cat. This is effective. Like, oh yeah, I want cow's milk in my coffee. I'm like, oh yeah, He's hell Yeah. You, you guys like it. Come on. What do you mean? Like I'll have a frappuccino blended with Milk's a good, that's a good question right there. She Said he's rugged. I Got, he's rugged. It's, I Got a good build off right there for you. Where do, where do some things that would be considered red flags for some girls become green flags for others.


And do girls always tell the truth about their flag styles? No, we do not. No. Clearly. 'cause we obviously like creamed like every time, like someone says that, oh, you're, you're asking where do we find red flags that eventually become green flag? No, I mean, or I guess first and foremost, do you always tell the truth about what you consider a red flag? And do you stand by your values? Oh, no, no, no. See I have a list of non-negotiables on my phone. What are They love to hear them. Yeah. Have not listened to one of them. So you're playing I literally go to the opposite of, Oh God, this Photo jump there. So they definitely are negotiable. Yeah. I mean I like all, are you kidding me? I have to Thank you enough for those flags to become like yellow. You are a bit pickier than me, which I respect. They're way pickier, which I respect.


I'll go out Oh yeah. An Hugo if he's funny. Yeah, Yeah. Like, like mine. Is that the Yeah, that's, you just described me perfectly. Wait, it's No, you're not ugly. Oh, Thank you. Come on. Logan just likes to throw that out because Oh, charming. Looking At, you know what it is we always say it's more so I feel like I don't date the people because I wanna date them. I'm like, what would my parents think? Like everyone has a different requirement in our family and we're so close. It's like, yes. Unfortunate. Like, so seem wants someone That's funny. So I'm like, okay, fine. Funny guy. Doesn't every girl want that? Yes, but is that not number one? No. Some girls wanna be the funnier one. Or some girls want a guy like Luis sits home and doesn't do anything. But then, okay. Then my dad, he just wants like a beautiful specimen that can like, make hot babies for us.


And like, he has like a, a pow like a strong lineage talk. Say what? Dad? That engulf. Did I say what Dad? The British throw shot. Put The Bri No, no, no, no. Yeah, he'll get in trouble. My dad is very not pc like very honest. He's very, if you, you guys actually would love him. He is. Can we meet him here on the show? Honestly, you would. He's shooting Tulsa King right now in Show. I No way. I love, love that show you. Is it so Fourth season, like right after. Wait a second. Who Is have to who? You're on it. Scar Young, Everyone. Oh, you're the closest. Likewise. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, I, I look like Scarlet, but no, he's hilarious. He's so, you guys would look wacky.


He knows everything. Like if you wanna know anything about everything, he is a savant. We He's a little offbeat. He's funny. Yeah. You guys should, hopefully you should. He would love that. Our producer says we go to the set If you called. He loves you guys. I, I should I try? Yeah. Try call. Yeah. By the way, he loves you guys. I mean he talks about you Jake, you like all of you guys. Whoa. Like all the time. He thinks he respects the hell of what? You two He thinks. Whoa. He might be on set. Let see What a guy. Yeah, you should just call. That'd be, wait, this would be crazy. Should I just call? I'll not even, yeah, just FaceTime like Yo slu. All right. He'll Love it. He's crazy. Let's see if he is not filming. Hopefully he is not. I I think he might be on. That's fine. We wouldn't be. See I love Tulsa King. It's so great. It's Every guy loves it.


Understand Fucking show. I feel like he might be filming Is season two out? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Season two. Season three is filming right now. Season four is gonna be right after I bing. Whatever's out. Yeah. So he's not answering. He'll probably call back in a second. 'cause he's obsessed with his phone. He's honestly like an iPad kid. Can we Go? Oh, that's amazing. Brain brainwashed. Wait, wait. I want hear non Negotiable. Oh no, That's what I was going back to too. That's exactly what I was about to say. I really wanna hear the non-negotiables that are Oh, still negotiating? Yes. Yes. Oh, they're kind of, I have to Say what say the ones you. Yeah, you could pick and choose. Okay. Okay. I'll pick and choose. So people, you have some too. It's not just me. Oh, I like, this is my list, my absolute fuck knows, but I do all of these.


Okay. Absolutely not. Doesn't make me laugh. Doesn't ask questions and keep conversation going. Oh, a lot of guys don't ask questions on dates with Us. Can I? Is that interesting? It's so weird. I'm like, I know everything about you and I asked about your grandparents. I know about your job. I know about your college and know about your friend group. I'm sitting there. Not one question. Can I say yes? The fact that you guys are podcast hosts is like a major strength for you. Oh My God. The conversation probably has to Be so honest. It's Oh, But the conversation has to be so strong. Strong. You have to be so witty with us. Like you have to honestly make fun of like a wall with us. Like you have to make fun of person back. Tell me what they're doing right now. Gimme a scenario. Like we need to have that B because our dad's like that. And we're like so used to that cracking back and forth even with us that honestly like, I'd rather be single and talk to her than like talk to someone that doesn't.


Although it's, it's hitting the point where we're like, I think we've talked to each other enough. I think we need, all right, let's see. I have doesn't have no fun banter doesn't have a real job. And You know what I mean? Like if they say like, entrepreneur, I'm an Entrepreneur Photographer. No offense to photographer. Drop tripping. When they're not actual photographers, like they just take pictures of their iPhone. Crypto. Well that's like, needs to look like a man. What did I drink? Needs to drink 2% milk. Yeah. 2% whole milk. Really want to be rugged If there's no follow up text. The night of. I think that is really important. I think a lot of guys overstep on that one. Oh, bad style. I hate a guy with bad style. What do you mean Not always. We need to Send the next text. What? The Dylan?


Yes. Here, we Picked you up. Shut up. Shut up, up. Oh God. Say Thank you. There's an epidemic where women don't say Thank you. Who does? You're taking all this. I'm taking the wrong people. Thank you. You're taking the wrong people on dates. Hold on. I Will say I What? I will say, I hear you and I think you're right. My, my fiance Nina, has thanked me and still thank me to this day for every single thing that I paid for. Well, of course. And it goes that a long way. Have you guys gone out with girls that don't say Thank you? They exist. That's Exactly, that's crazy. 'cause we actually do say Thank you. That's true. Wait, what? That's like a bare minimum. But like, text me at the end of the day being like, did you get home safe? Like, that's what I'm talking about. I Think, I think it's a courtesy, Dylan.


Like, like it comes, you know, what comes down to, in my opinion, just being a gentleman, like Yeah, exactly. Being A gentle, wait a second. I'm, I'm sending Flo, I'm still doing all that stuff. The flowers, when you send flowers, I send, I send flowers all the time. I send his, his daughter and his wife Flo, or fiance Flowers last week, one of my favorite things to do is to send Sarah Flowers. See, that's sweet. Because I would send flowers with messages to Sophia and I Got flowers for an apology. Yeah. No, see that. I don't Need to find better guys. That's been the hardest part about my situation recently. And he, he can attest to this. I actually am a really good boyfriend. No, you're romantic. I feel like I can see that To, to an extent. And, And it's interesting. You're an avoidant romantic. Like you, Because I'll push myself to do stuff that I know, that I know is a movement in the right direction, even if it's uncomfortable for me.


Does That make sense? Maybe that's a sign that it's not the right relationship. 'cause you have to force yourself. I feel like things just to No, you would say you would say that, but if you have some of the, some of the like vulnerabilities and the issues that I deal with in my life, such as like really bad anxiety, which turned over. No, I Get, I have horrible anxiety, Panic disorder. I sometimes, sometimes some of the things that like would be normal. Normal, like this desire to do stuff, sometimes it's met with a resistance that's hard to explain. And so I do sometimes have to be like, yo, it would be, You know, it would be a good thing to do X, y, and Z today. And I know that's not the ideal situation, but that's the life that I live, unfortunately. What Are you looking for? Like What? That's what's your plan? Well, so, so I was gonna spit this question back. You, what're looking for you to No. Two because your list of non-negotiables was, I Got updated was extremely first date focused.


Right. And so I wanna talk to you a little bit more about your, like your, your long-term goal non-negotiables like we talked about earlier in the episode. A huge one for me and is a big part of my list, especially right now is like slow to anger. Yeah. Ability to, ability to absorb, think through and approach a situation calmly in a, in a private setting as opposed to in a public place, emotionally mature. That has to, that is so, so important. And, and, and even more so like this avoidance to altercation altogether. Like, dude, IIW was a fucking heroine. I should not be here. Right. Everything that happens in my life is a blessing. A a, a plane delay, a getting landing at the wrong airport.


'cause there's a medical emergency, something happening in in the bar that shouldn't ha none of that ever appears to me as something that I need to talk or even think about. Right. I'm so thankful to be here. Yeah. That I can't ever think about arguing with someone that I love and, and look at. And I'm just like, you're so beautiful. It Feels so insignificant. We're, dude, I, I remember, I I'm, I'm trying to be as politically correct as possible, but I had that conversation with her on the jet from Vancouver. Yeah. And I said, yo, I'm putting a rule out there right now. There's NO CRYING ON PRIVATE JETS in this relationship. I don't care what happens. I don't care what, okay. We are on a G five 50 right now flying from Vancouver to Opa Laka Miami.


I Completely fly About, we just left Star Ski re resort where we probably were eating caviar and a six Wagyu. What are we crying About? I feel like that should be an unspoken one. What are we Fucking crying about right now? Dude? No. Life is amazing, bro. Wait, are you kidding? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's, that was my age moment By the Way. That's, that's valid. Like are you kidding? That's the most amazing blessing to ever have that we're in this position where we get to experience these things that 99% of The world I crack. Are you fucking serious? I didn't Think I was ever gonna try a steak.


I used to buy Rolls of Brillo pads and break them apart and stuff 'em into a pipe and light the chemicals on fire. Well, I, while I slept on a couch that had holes in it, that itched. I'm not laughing at you. No kidding. Podcast about, we're talking about dark Seduction tricks and we're like, I smoked Crack, bro. No, this Is great. Like, bro, my, my my, my todo, my like bucket list was go to Six Flags. Oh, did you? Yes. Yay. Well, Like, so when I'm, so, when I'm out and like as soon as for this is for any relationship, not to pin it in, in the past one, you guys know this, You know, everyone in this room knows this.


My energy is my g is my gold. Yeah. My, I walk in a room. My goal is to own every single dominate every single room that I walk into. Yeah. And I will, I will. I I do not believe that there is a greater room worker on this planet than me right now. It is my strongest goal how we, you guys are here because of the relationship we built in a room. Yeah. Yeah. Can can I, can that be explained to me for a second? Like how did how We met? Yeah. It was, you came up to us. It was F1. Yep. F1 in Miami. Yep. You said you knew us and we shit our pants. Yeah. We were like, was like, nobody knows us. Yeah. I was like, I think you guys are, we had a conversation. It went swimmingly because the energy and how high the vibes were. Yeah, exactly. And we kept in contact and now here we are because I rely on positive energy.


So when something, whether it's they believe it's right, I believe it's right. The world believes it's right. When something starts to cause my energy to dip, I get very resentful towards that. Because this is, this right here that you guys are witnessing is everything I Got. Yeah. There's no master's degree, there's no classical training. I am not great at anything besides perseverance and being great. Everything, You know what you need, which is, I always say what I'm really looking for in a relationship, which I haven't found yet, is someone that allows me the freedom to be exactly who I want to go off. And like, I'm, I'm a person that I have like a hundred passions in my head. Like I, I do CCI and I are doing four different careers right now.


At the same time, like all we're focused on is work. We're always wanting to be the loudest in the room. We're always wanting to take over a situation, but we also want someone to be there that could ground us, but give us that freedom, but also that we respect. It's a huge ask. A huge ask. It's a huge ask. Hard and hard. That's why I don't fault, that's why I don't fault from my passport, but at all. But That's why I, it's massive. But that's why I say you have to find someone their glass full. And I don sounds like they have such a fulfilling life themselves that they don't feel like the need to take you down dim you question. You go like, are you doing this? Not trust you. Because if they already feel like they're doing so well in their life, they're not gonna push you back and be like, come down to like my level so that we're here at the same point. Like, you need someone that goes, I love him for being just exactly who he is. Like the freedom.


I respect it, it turns me on. But then you come home and she's not like fighting you on the things that who you naturally are. There's of course things you need to work on. Sure. There's things I need to work on. I'm horrible sometimes at communicating my feelings. Like sometimes I'm, I'm always like, I just wanna get this over with. Like, let me just go. I avoid it. Like I'm slightly, I feel like avoidant and then slightly anxious. I don't know what I am anxious, Avoidant. That's term. Yeah. Anxious. Just avoid Yeah, for Sure. A hundred percent. That's what I need to work on. But I would love someone that can like understand that about me, kind of pull back and like, that's not who I am in my core. Like, let's go through this and talk like rational human beings. And so it's a hard ass. 'cause not a lot of people are like that. I think a lot more people are insecure. And also I feel bad for you for breaking up in 2025. It's impossible to move on.


Yeah. When you're in a social media relationship. Oh my god. And by the way, everything is like a little message. It's like the music they use in the background for songs. It's like the TikTok and you said you was said us tiktoks today. Like this is us, you My ex. Yeah. Well be, I'm in that stage. But it, but let me tell you something. I do have, I do have some classical training. Okay. In social media breakups. Some would say that my last breakup was a bigger, was a bigger storyline from a social media stand Question. Would you ever consider not going out with someone? I Met her with 1200 followers private on Instagram. But would you ever consider not, not posting about it. Not posting. I've never posted one relationship. That's that's my next one. That's my next one. Keeping it low key. Like we've never posted one. It's, It's because You keep yours pretty low key, even though it's like it's out there.


No, but like now it's not. Look with the real reality show. But before, like you guys would post like the highlights of a, like a relationship together. Like maybe sometimes you'd do some fun things, but it wasn't, I don't know, maybe in like circum, like situationally. I feel like it was, I Don No, no, you're, you're right. I like, like I, I share almost everything in my life. We, we kept that very sacred for a very long time until it was like, okay, you're here to stay. Exactly. That's what Im saying. Let's, let's go. He's in a position where, correct me if I'm wrong, but that is kind of important to you. Correct. To have your significant other be a part of your life because your life is your content and your content, your life Right now. Right now and in the pa in the past few years. But as I start to adult a little bit more and move into this mental health and the substance space and really try to own that space, I could see a world where that's not the case.


Well you can never date someone in the same industry or business. It's always gonna be competitive. I Wanted to ask about this. Yes. Because you two do have like, kind of like alpha personalities. Yeah. Like, like you said, you were raised like boys. Yeah. We wear the pants unfortunately. I wanted to ask. Yeah, I usually do. Are you attracted to guys who also are alphas or are are, are you attracted to guys who are More like submissive and when you do date a guy who maybe isn't doing as well as you or isn't as articulate and is kind of like the more submissive in the relationship? It Sorry, my dad's calling. Should we answer? Yes. Yes. He's in a sly. So Dad, you're on impulsive right now.


If you wanna say hello, you're on impulsive Sly. What's up dude, it's Logan. What's up brother And Mike, how are you? Hey, turn that off, honey. There we go. He's in his trailer watching Austin Powers. That's what actors do between things. Hey. Amazing. And it's, it's such such a pleasure to meet you dude. Your daughters are incredible. You've done an amazing job at raising them. Thanks. You're taking real waves there outta you Trying, bro. How, how do you do it? How do, how do you not have a bad back than I do after all the stuff you do? Nah. 'cause I'm incredible. I'm incredible. Slime. I'm the greatest there ever was in the wwe e It's amazing. You know, I was fascinated with wrestling. I did a movie about it called Paradise Alley.


And people really don't understand how athletic you guys are and what you have to put up with that fan. They go, oh, it's fake. I go, really? Gravity is fake. Hey, I appreciate that. No, I think, I think people are being more and more turned on to the reality that is professional wrestling. It's, it's really hard. It's a really tough discipline. It's the hardest man. I have great respect. Trust me. Thank you man. Hey Sly, you should be very proud of your daughters. They're, they're absolutely incredible People. Yeah. They love her. We're talking about, You know, your, your routines and your regiments and how they learned shot put as kids. And you've got incredible, incredible kids. Sly, They're well, the mother is responsible.


Hi, how are you? Oh, and there's a dog too. There's Three cowboy. They Travel with a bunch of muts. It's great. Hey, I can't wait to watch the next, the next few seasons of Tulsa King, man. Keep up the go work. We just wanted to say, Hey, We're on it. We're on it right now. And it's, I think it's gonna be, actually I think it's much better because in the first two seasons I had to be almost in every scene. Now we have other raptors. So it's, You know, as they say, the tapestry is getting broader. Oh, I love it. I'm a fan of the show, man, it was such a pleasure to meet you. Likewise. All right, Take it easy, boss. See You soon. Wake up soon. Amazing. Bye Dad. Love you. Still best for respect. That was still best.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Rocky, You guys. Rocky. That's Rambo. You would love to be sitting on this couch right now. Yeah, dude, we have Want hang my dad. My dad is gonna freak out. You guys, guys Show. There you go. Huh? Oh yeah. My dad is gonna freak out. Like, that's like, my dad would go to the theater at like 12:00 AM by himself to watch every new Oh, Aw, That's really cool. Like, he's gonna your dad too. Are you serious? Your dad? My Dad loved Rambo. Rambo. He told us, he is like, we, I wanna raise Rams. And we're like, okay. No, seriously. It is like everything that he does, he's so method in his work that before any role, he truly is that person for at least two months in the house. Rambo. So even before Rambo, imagine like we're little like rocky. He's method acting as he hell a guy.


No, literally. Oh no. He's knives like stuck in his face. Remember Rambo spoke three words in the whole film. So it's like for three months we're like, dad, and he's like Rambo at the table not speaking. You definitely could take some notes from this. Don't like you a hundred percent not that one. Raising A daughter. Yeah. No, I knew it guys. I, I was really excited. 'cause like I, I've been racking my brain in terms of like how to raise this, this woman to be the, the most like, well-rounded, grounded, humble woman who still wants to work hard because by the way, she's gonna have everything. Yeah. Do you honestly, she's gonna have everything. You need rules, you need curfews, you need sports. 'cause that teaches discipline and also consistency. My parents made us eat dinner with them every single night at five 30. We never miss dinner. Okay. Every single day.


And that was the only reason why in this whole industry, we didn't turn out to be these spoiled rich n kids. Where, where we felt entitled for everything that we did or got. It was, and we were like, we first off acknowledged how blessed we are we're we wouldn't be in this position without him obviously. And like, we're so owning that. But we're gonna do the best that We can. Yeah. When we get to this position, You know, we're gonna do the best. And Yeah. And so that's how you think what it is, is like letting your daughter know, like family is everything. Like, to be honest, don't the the vacations, the Disney World trips, we don't remember one, one when we younger there one of those, the only thing I remember is just them being there. Mm. Just always be there. And like that's what she'll take away from It. You guys have amazing parents. They Do.


We're really lucky's. It's, it's, you're the product of really good parenting. Thank you. Like, like we said it to him, but I'll just say it again like, man, your mom and him did such a good job. Thank, Thank you. I did. And I think you guys are gonna be such, such great parents. Yeah. Honestly. Think so Because you already, I think he already is. No, because you're already asking like this and asking. Yeah. Like you already care enough to like, want your daughter to be like that. She's gonna become like that. I need, I need I a lot more work to, although Al Pacino just did gimme a lot of hope. He just had a kid at 82. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Saw That. Like, so that gives me another of, of my lifetime. Please Mike, your wife could be learning cursive right now. So you have time. You have a lot of time. That true.


How wife wise, Pacino's wife. Like 19, 20. Yeah. And honestly also six or something. Also, I think that, I saw a video with Cameron Diaz and she was like, if I had a kid at 20, I would never be as good of a mom if I had them now. No, of course. My point is let your timeline be timeline. Who gives a shit what anyone's saying. Like, oh, link. So already he needs that. Yeah. You don't have no, you're not ready for that right Now. Yet. That one of, one thing. Who cares? I really do not give a fuck. I'll Tell you right Now. I you shouldn't. I'm 28. All my friends are married. Some of them are having kids. I'm the only one that's like doing shows for Amazon. Doing a podcast with steam writing books. Loving it right now. I'll have a kid when I have a kid. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. So on that note again, I just want to get, I want to finish that conversation 'cause you are, you're doing so many things. Yeah. Yeah. Is that intimidating for men?


Extremely. Yep. Yeah. And at first they admire it and they go, wow, she's doing so much. Yeah. And I feel like when they sit and ruminate a little long on it, it gets pretty. And insecurity comes out where they say, when will you have time for me? And, and by the way, I don't say here, aren't I? And this is the thing. Cine and I, when we're in relationships, we love hard 'cause we don't fall in love often. Like we don't date that many guys. We don't have a lot of boyfriends. You date the family. We family. Yeah. So when we do love you, it's everything to us. But the problem is, is like the comparison that they feel, they think we never tell them Be better, do better. And by the way, I don't want the guy that's, I don't wanna date an actor. I'll never date an actor. I don't wanna date a guy that's not offensive to you guys.


But I don't wanna date a guy that's like in front of the camera ever. Like, I, she wants like a boring guy. What I Got finance guy. Oh, finance is fine. Like Iowa corn fed, grass fed, like good boy. Yeah. I just, no, I want a guy that is super, super passionate in whatever he is doing in his career, that he's so confident in his field that when he is with me, he's like, I can take care of you. Like in that way. But not someone who's public Facing. No, I don't need like, someone that has a trillion dollars that's like killing it in his career. Like, look, I already know where I am. Wait, why are you looking at, why are you you two? Because I gotta say this, I It's never been so apparent to me and all, oh, we're so different. Y'all have such different types.


We're so Y'all have such, you're trouble. You're trouble. She's trouble. Everyone says you're trouble. But I was a girl yesterday. I was like, I'll promise on our podcast. It's like I'm more of the girl that's talking like mental health, the older sister advice. She comes in, she's like, rat poisoning his ass. Like, no, hold on. I'm, first of all, I do think we play a role sometimes somewhere in front of a camera C scene is an introvert a lot. It's just the dark hair. Everyone thinks I'm a bitch. I'm promise I'm Well you're looking at me saying, I want a fucking boring guy. No. Boring job. Yes. Fight. Fight. Oh my God. This is our bicker. This is not even a fight. No, but we ha we have the most opposite types. We would never go for this fight. Oh, we've never had the same guy. So you, so if that's true, you, you're like, would you date? But wait, would you date an NBA player?


No. No. Athletes. 'cause I wanna talk. I like NFL. You wanna like have like long I wanna learn. I don't wanna learn like their play routine. Like I wanna learn something different. Do you Think athletes are Boring? No, they're just not my speed. You would go out with an athlete. Don't say silent. Right there. You would. I'm Now I someone who talks to a bunch of girls that date athletes. You guys already know. Look, they are, they Are I think The biggest nightmare. There's no bigger, I Can't deal with the two phones. I, I'll break. No, I'll break two bones. Yeah, no, I'll play. Our biggest thing is intelligence. That's it. Like, we want a guy that's actually smart or at least if he doesn't know everything, he absorbs everything.


Yeah. And he wants to learn More. Like also I questions, you don't have to like know the SAT by heart. But I think if you can carry a conversation, that's a huge sign of intelligence. Yeah. How many times have you been across sitting from a female and you're like, oh my God, if I didn't say anything, there would be no conversation. Yeah. I I think there's even a level of elevation. You said you like guys to ask questions. I think if you're a true conversationalist, you should have a conversation that evokes responsiveness. Yeah. I don't even wanna have to ask you what you do for a living. I, it's just gonna pour out in the conversation we're having. That is like the Yeah. Like what we're doing right now. Yeah. Like if you have a conversation like this on a first date, you're like, okay, wow, this is Freak. Yeah, exactly. It would be, no, I'll tell you this. I feel like it would be nice. I feel like we've lot, a lot of the earlier generation, we lost the art of conversation.


I feel like we're so heavily influenced by like social media, texting and FaceTiming that, I mean, even when you FaceTime a guy before a date, you think, oh wow, he is gonna be great in person. The the communication, the energy is just not there. I just feel like it's, I don't know how people are gonna become better at this. Especially like our kids. No, no. Just a temptation. And the options. Ai, accessibility of ai. My god. I love my ai. I named for Charlotte. It's a problem. Wait, wait, what AI do you use? I use 4.0 chat. GBT chat. Oh yeah. She Charlotte more than me. I'm always talking Chad. I love her all day. She helps me. I mean, she only edited my book. I mean, she, like if I had That's crazy. I mean, I was finished with it, but I was like, can you just like grammatically fix this paragraph? Oh, well you, we are so different. Charlotte wrote me a breakup text since Charlotte's writing Sophia book.


That's incredible. Yeah, It was great. Well, she knows you. She knows me so well. It's freak. And and I'm sure you can ask her questions about I do. Areas where she has identified weaknesses and areas for you to improve. Does that, you can have a really like powerful dialogue with Oh no, it's incredible. I'm like so invested in all of this world. Good. Like, there was something I was super, I wanted to invest in years ago was crispr. Crispr. Yeah. And I think CRISPR is, I loved that. I wrote up a paper on it when I was in college. Whoa. Wait, Holmes, what is that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a good thing. Didn't why By the way, they were able in China to get two female rats to have a baby together. Men are screwed in the next like 30 years. No, but we, we love them. We, we we need them.


I just thought that insane. I wanted to ask you a question about, about men. Yeah. Modern day. The modern day male. So there's this narrative online that like masculinity is being suppressed and like it's been the death of the modern day male, the softening of men a little bit. I definitely think there's part of that that exists and, and and, and yeah. It has affected a lot of guys around there. Are you seeing that from like a dating perspective? Absolutely. Like when guys order the almond milk, you're like, ah, this motherfucker, Look, we obviously, if a guy orders almond milk, we don't care. But yeah, I feel like we're not gonna, we're not, we're not like, we're not that bitchy. We're just playing on it. No, I, I do, I do think the art of just chivalry is dead. Mm. I do think caring or putting your eggs in a basket or being forthright about your emotions is dead.


I actually will say against girls, I think girls man shame a lot like I do, I feel, feel like there's not like a lot of like anger against men. Like I saw someone do a video the other day, like, what's the best skincare for guys? Like a guy asked and she goes for them to not talk. Like things like that. I just don't love that. And I like, look, I love guys. I think you guys are awesome. Like, are you guys perfect? No. You guys have broken my heart sometimes, but I don't think you guys should be suppressed. Like, I don't think you guys should hold back anything just because like, there's some girls that just like to like shit on men the whole time. You know what it is? No. It, it's, it's, if you're affected so deeply, even just once Yeah. Twice, three times by like a man, it's very easy to generalize an entire Yeah, Of course.


Yeah. Like that just, that's humanity. That just happens. Yeah. Like the pattern is oh, this being right. And the beings that are like this being hurt me. Fuck 'em. All right. So you, you apply that like what it turns into like really heavily resentment Yes. To the whole agenda. And it's, it's just not fair. It's not That's Emotional immaturity. Not Yeah. Completely. And it sounded like that was your problem in your previous relationship was a lot of emotional immaturity. And I think, You know, it's an age thing as well. They always say what men are eight years behind mentally and emotionally then women are damn. Oh, seven, seven years. My bad. Sorry. Seven. Damn. Thanks. You're like 16. And I think that's the case.


So I think a lot of girls in our position are like, okay, let's date someone that's 35 to 39 or 40 because they're gonna reach that emotional maturity. And that's not always the case. I I think it's, it's by subject. And I know living in New York, there's probably eight girls for every one guy. He doesn't need to work or try. Because say if I'm like, well I want you to pick me up and pay for my dinner, he's gonna say, well I, there's that girl who's just as hot, maybe hotter and doesn't need this. That's the part of it. That's the part of it that really has best me in, in both the lead up and in this breakup stage. It's like as soon as I, as soon as I started talking to her, I didn't see any other, I didn't see visually any other girls.


That's nice. Like IIII didn't even talk to the girls of mine that were friends anymore. I love That. 'cause I didn't, 'cause I Well, let's talk about it. Yeah. Hold on. Let's talk about it because I Have a very d opinion. Because it's a scary 'cause It's a scary place. Okay. So like I always went out of my way to make sure that there was no, I never wanted her to feel like there was any reason to not trust me. Right. I was, I was a call when I get back to the hotel kind of guy before I go to sleep. I was, no not a call, a FaceTime. Here's the room, here's the closet's open. Like you, you do that always. Of course. After the Bed. No, of course. Yeah. That's crazy to me. I know, I know. I've never been like, show your room. Well that's a joke. That part was so Joke. No, but my whole thing is like, if if another girl can take him, She can have him.


Like I Yeah. But I did so well to prove that wasn't the case. And I feel like, and to an extent, I, and, and here's here's another question. And by the way, like once again not, this isn't to be pinned in just that relationship because I've had this problem in the past. Yeah. I think when you, when you present yourself as someone who works well with the female gender Yeah. If I'll just No, I know those terms. You, you, you create a reputation that drives women to you. But it, when they come to, they also remember who you were prior to meeting them. Okay. Does that make sense? And so like that reputation, very similar to what you guys say about how when men meet you and are and are intrigued, are intrigued by your output. I say sometimes, a lot of times girls meet me and they're, and the same things that turn them on.


The laughter, the conversational. Yeah. How, how I can be flirty, but reserved but cool but mysterious but cultured. As soon as we're locked in, they want to turn that shit the fuck off. Nice. Yeah. It's impressive. It's impressive. And it's 'cause he's got the gift of gab. Yeah. Motherfucker. That's Love. Fuck. He's hilarious. You Full staff the gift of g Do you ever feel insecurity in a relationship? Or do you find that it's always the girl? I've never, because you seem I've an entire life felt a single ounce. Not an ounce. I've never checked a phone. I've never, Ben I've never asked where you were. I do not. And truthfully, every time I've done something like that, I've real, I've looked at other people and realized that that tight leash methodology just doesn't work. Here's one thing I'll bring up as a question and it, and it comes back to the question that you asked about alpha versus beta dating.


Yeah. Especially for them as two very tough girls. I want my thought processes and my decision making to be trusted by my counterpart. Okay. When I, when I, especially with the shit that I've been through and the decision making I've had to make in my life and all of the camps I've been in and all the, these people that have looked to me for decisions in times of strife and, and grief. And, and so when I say this is such a funny thing, but when I say I don't deem this to be a situation we should be having an argument about, I don't want that to be questioned as me saying, your feelings don't matter.


Right. Right. I just have deemed this to be, why are we talking about this right Now? The thing is Now I think perspective age. So, so my question to you age, so my Yes. So my question to you is, are you guys willing to get to trust a man enough to say Okay. Because, because I don't know how else you find the guys that you're looking for, which are on the street, which are super out, which are super alpha producers. One percenters potentially, but also willing to give the rope the reins. Yeah. To a female. Like that's a tough fucking ass. Tough. Yeah. Yeah. They don't exist. Would we be willing? Yeah, a hundred percent. I think back to the perspective thing, You know, it does come with age.


I think you have so much of it. And if you go out with someone that doesn't, it also goes back to just saying please and Thank you and being nice to servers. It's all those things combined. If you're going out with a young girl, you're going to get young outbursts. Young lashings. I mean, I also think, and I'm curious about what you guys feel about this. Do you like when your partner sort of puts like rules and restraints on you? It's like you need, you have to text me, you have to do this, you need to track. I'm, I need to track you. Like, you're not allowed to stay up past this, do you like, I feel like, like guys hate it when crazy Using the term you're not allowed, first of all is a don't No. It's crazy that you like crazy girls because I, every guy says that. No, we fucking hate crazy. She nuts. But no, we learned, but y'all love it.


Y'all date them. So I'm confused. Women release, I, what was it like a release something during sex? Oh my god, they release. Makes us bond. It's a men. It's pherom. Yeah. It's like a Pheromone. Men release something when they're super stressed that suppressant. And so when suppressing, that's why women and men, like, especially men, when they're in these relationships with toxic women, they kind of stay in it because it releases that hormone. Like suppressive. So when women are women, release our oxytocin. When apparently you're physical, you're hugging, you're touching. That's what we feel that love endorphin towards you. Men is released when they're stressed. So that's called suppressant. So guys low key, like to rile their girlfriend up because she gets like, oh, why would you do that?


And then you love her for that. I'm not sure That sounds like a myth. Like No, no, no. I It's science. It could be science, but it could also on The unwed podcast, Well, let's not group, but let's not group everybody together. I agree. No, of course. Because 'cause I will say this when you say guys like crazy girls, once again, I think it does come, come down to age and life stage. He, Logan was very intent, intentional and very purposeful about his selection of his life. Okay. Partner then. Do you And so and so for me, I I have always hoped that I could grow into that with someone. Like I, like, I like I, like I said, I was so enamored by a lot of this last relationship's, purity and, and direction in life.


And master's going for a master's degree and no one knew who she was. And a lot of that stuff like rang a lot of bells. And so when you say this stuff about like how do you like being told what to do in a relationship as a even just slightly down spectrum avoidant? It's not really good for me. Mm. Okay. I, and and by the way, I don't believe that it's good for the majority of high producing men. I agree. I I really don't. I I think, I think you should set boundaries. Yo, if you cheat, we are done. There's no coming back from that. There's no excuses. The relationship is over. Because as you see in this new toxic, this return of some small semblance of pocket of toxic masculinity on the internet, there's this like, this is why cheating should be okay, not okay.


Right. As soon as the trust is gone from this relationship, we are fucking done. That's a boundary that I understand and do not see as a disrespect. But if you tell me, yo, you just went on a 22 minute bike ride in the Hamptons, why the fuck didn't you text me while you, Oh God, I not saying that that's ever happened. This sounds personal. It sounds Very specific. It's a made up story. Okay. But if you do that as a, not even as an avoidant, but as a fucking human right. I am going to have a major problem. You know what I believe and have you heard of the taxi light theory? Yeah. The cab who was made in sex in the city, basically they say that men are like taxi cabs, that when their light is on and they're ready for relationship and like a serious one for a wife, that's when you actually find her because you're attracting that type of energy.


But until then, you're gonna choose the people that are gonna come in and outta the taxi. Yeah. That's really thoughty. And and I think it's true because it sounds like you had your light on and you were like, I'm gonna be very intentional person. I do you want a serious relationship, something that's a little bit more meaningful than something that might last a year or two. Right. And that's when you met Nina ended up working out, even if it like, started out in a very interesting way, it still was attracted to you. Yeah. You are not probably fully ready for that type of like a hundred percent. There's like marital commitment. Yeah. And so you Yeah. Mine's the one that's kind of broken and like you, You're, your light's like half on, half off. Yeah. Fix those. Do want, I know you crave it 'cause I can hear it in your voice and the way that you, you speak about, you're very intellectual when it comes to emotions and boundaries and whatever it is.


But it seems like your light's not on yet. So you're not really looking for someone to give you that quality, mature, long lasting relationship. Yeah. I'm in purgatory Yes. Right now. And, and I feel that too because this return to what, what I used dude, I would, I have not even seen a girl. We've been, You know, broken up for 40 days. I am, I, oh, 40 days I'm healing. Okay. I am, You know, well, You know, you Should, I hope you're not seeing another girl for 40 days Now. I don't mean seeing, that's not the type of seeing I usually do. Okay. I'm not talking about going on a date here. Okay. What I'm saying to you is this, that return to the dark side now disgusted. I don't wanna be there. I don't wanna be at a meeting girls in weird places and like all this stuff.


It doesn't, honestly, It's overrated. I'm sorry. No, No, no, no. It's fine. It's a state life stage thing. Yeah. But if you're, if you're 20, 25, Fine. You can't tell me that's fun. You, you think getting fucked up at a club, meeting a girl at a night, like that's fun right now. Yeah. It's not for me at all. Okay. But for someone out there, it's a blast. Okay. That's what I'm trying to say. Okay. Right. I fair where whereas you guys like reading books or acting or doing somebody else likes turning up with their boys, You know, like comes on. Yeah. They're standing on the shit going like this, popping bottles, whatever. Right. I couldn't pay me. So you but to your point, yes. And, and, and by the way, if a girl is acting up a lot of times it's because of something you're doing wrong. Okay. And I'm not saying that this is necessarily the case.


I'm not gonna take blame or whatever. But if you're not working towards the same goal she is. If you are not giving her her the right level of reassurance that you're there and blah, blah, blah, whatever, that can cause a girl to act a certain way. Well I also do believe when you get into a relationship, you're not just dating the girl, you're dating all her boyfriends prior to that, that massive all of the relationship. So you're not really talking to her, you're talking to every single person. She was intimate. And that's where Trusts Given her. Yes. Yep. Doctor there though with you? What's that? Did you see it in the beginning? Issues of the past playing a role in your current relationship? Yeah, I, we felt a lot about, I feel so bad for Mike. We're like therapizing him. Well, I feel, I feel worse. I feel I feel worse.


That's what we, I Love doing. Our podcast is really talk about relationships, people sending their relationship advice to us. No, this isn me, but again, we are single. So anyone if You know, but we're looking Wait, wait. You have to explain. I put it out there, Jeff, too much. This is how bad it is. So Steven on a date recently, he called her Sophia. He called me Sophia. Yeah. Well that, And I've never met him. What are you calling it? A Freudian slip or what? I don Know. No, he, she, yeah, he just called me Sophia. I was like, well, wrong one happens a lot. Actually, I have the best days story. Well, you, your dad named you guys Sophia, Scarlet and Sistine. Like, it's Not I Yes, but you shouldn't, I mean, I mean, you're going out, you're going out f distinc between The two. That's, that's tough. Like Am this was a first date, first. Like how are you messing up between the sisters?


I've never met you and bonus I paid what? Whoa. Yeah, Yeah. True, true, true. Okay. No, but that's why our singleness is, is awful for me. But it's great for our podcast because the content is phenomenal. For Sure. And By the way, when you get in a relationship, It's gonna be boring. Yeah, no, I know. He will have to Dilute. I know. Oh, we did by, when we did have a, a relationship, they didn't want us to talk about it on the podcast. So our content was awful during That time. No, I know. It just, It was awful. Yeah. But we want it, we just want a relationship where they would allow us to be ourselves. Yeah. Can you guys therapize us? What are we doing wrong? Yeah, really be Honest. Let me think. Do You be honest. Be honest. You guys too. If you can, you have Anything? Do we have, do we have any like Really cool friends? Single, like cool ass but Grounded?


Grounded. My only single cool ass friend really is Mike. I'm just, just, I'll be honest. You guys are probably, you probably too old for Him. I, I probably, no, wait, Hold on. I'm 20. How I Say I know. I think he too old. A little too old. That's not true. That's Not true. It's like 24. I'm old Guys. No, no, no. That's my biggest, my biggest thing with him. You said it. It's age. It's age. Yeah. You're taxi late guy. Be on go for the 30-year-old. No, but it Is, it is age. Hey, that's something I was talking to somebody about the other day and They're good by the way. They're so hot. By the way. Women peak at 32. That's something I'm talking about to the other day. The age thing is, I, I believe has a, and maybe this is already like a known thing, has such a tie to, I think has such a tie to biological clock.


Oh yeah. Yes, Of course. Like a, a DA genetic or like a DNA driven tie because ready for this at 25, if you go for your boyfriend goes for 22 minute. Yeah. Ride on bike in the Hamptons in this made up story. Right? Yeah. Made up right. Bro, you're it was actually New York. Yo, you're, yo, you're, you're, you're pissed. But at 31 you're like, okay, maybe I'm pissed, maybe I'm not. But damn do I wanna start this shit over again. I'm trying to have a fucking kid. Oh, I know. I feel like at 31 it's like I Got 22 minutes of myself. Yes. Or that. Yes, Exactly. Yes. If my sisters all the time. It's so funny 'cause we used to talk to my sisters about it and they, and people would bring up, like both of my exes would bring up like cheating to my, to Abby.


They'd be like, well, what would you do? Like if he was hanging out, You know, went to the strip club. Abby Abby's like, I don, she goes, did you get a blow job? Great. Less work for me, bro. She's, she, it was hilarious. Hilarious. She's in her late thirties. She's like, great. Now I Got less work to do. Like, she's joking, but at the same time what she's bringing forward is like, dude, I don wanna fucking offer. There's not this clinginess that you get with a younger girl. This attachment kind of. Come On. I will, I will keep an eye out over of 25. Thank You love. I'll keep an eye out. Hey, I put It, say this, I put it on a blimp. We're actually very, like, we're actually very feminine sweet. When you go take a Yeah, we're not so butch guys. We're really nice. Promise. Like in a, in a business meeting, we'll dominate and we'll honestly talk over you. But in a date we're like for, I mean, call me Sophia.


That's another story that's talk you. We'll get you Out. Sistine Chapel. Sistine Chapel. Come on. Alright guys, that was great. That was amazing. Thank you. They still never figured out what was wrong with them. Yeah. Oh yeah. We already know. On part two, we'll sacrifice On your show. Maybe If you guys are free. Thank you guys so much for coming on. Thank you. Yeah, this was great guys. This was dream. Thank you guys. Hey Wait, if you're going through a breakup, you are gonna be okay by the way. You're gonna be okay. 'cause I know some of you guys out there right now are watching this and you're so stuck in your head and men, women, and you think the world's tumbling down around you. Just give it time. You're gonna come out on the other side and you're gonna be great. Okay.


I promise. Also, I wanna say something to Mike's girlfriend, ex-girlfriend. I mean, I'm so sorry that we talk about this. We're, she's so great. I hope we're good. I love her. I hope we're okay with us talking about it. We're team, both of you. We'll review it. You Gotta go. This is, yeah. No Thank you guys. Miss the load sisters, ladies and gentlemen, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Peace.