
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tana Mojo You In the toothbrush. I never, the toothbrush, it's a common misconception. Canceled is not happening anymore. The Girls that we were when we started that show were like sucking behind a dumpster. Now it's in really nice bedrooms. Yeah, That Logan, that's so wild that you're actually just like flinging yourself at tables. And then you're like, oh, I'm Gonna go podcast dude. I'm good. Besides this hematoma, I'm like, Holy moly, you still vape. You can hit that stupid little pink box more than you hit Bella Thorn's pink box. There's talks that Trump, Elon is a Work no, no shot. It's not A shoot. There's a chance they worked themselves into a shoot, brother. Oh my God. There was a time I called the police on my stalker and they legitimately were like, Hey, can we come tomorrow at 2:00 PM a hundred Percent.


This isn't a no Nail, You know? You know what I mean? People wanted me to fight Corina. I remember that. Do you still want to, would you still wanna fight? Corina? Can we start off by acknowledging how fantastic Tana looks today? Thank You so, so much. Fantastic. Go off. Thank you so much, Queen. Yeah. Go off. Oh God. Literally, dude. Is it too loud? Tana? Can I take, can I just take them off? You don't need to wear 'em. Yeah, you don't need to. Don't need to wear 'em. Okay. I'm sorry. Mike May lock yelling in a headphone is just, it's something else. I get It. It's my job. And you were complimenting me too. I didn't mean to just be a you. That was crazy. Damn. That was crazy. I just, I've already had No, you're so sweet to me. I love you and I be, I'm cooking you.


I was already cooking your age in this outfit. Don't do. No, please. What do you mean you were complimenting my outfit? Well, I was saying, yeah, you look really nice for 50, Bro. You know what? Get the Louis, get this bag outta here, dude. All I Got a toothbrush in there. You want it? Oh, I deserve fucking the toothbrush. I never fucked the toothbrush. It's a common misconception. I could see how that could be twisted. Yeah. Wait, so what did happen? The toothbrush fucked you. Oh. Just a little four. No, I'm kidding. Yeah. Nothing. I was telling I was click baiting. You know all about that at that time, You know? Yeah. Yeah. I was talking about a guy spreading a rumor about me in high school, but I dressed at hindsight's 2020.


You know, you didn't have to title your YouTube video. He fucked me with a toothbrush. Like, that's crazy. But it worked. It did Work. And people are still talking at At what cost though? People Are still talking about it today. At what cost? Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tana Mojo. Been trying to make this happen for a while and trying To say her last name Right. For a long time too. Yeah. Honestly, you ate, you ate King Tana Mojo. That Mongo en that en that energy kind of just slips its way in the middle there. It's, yeah. Look at this. It's like someone smashed their face on a keyboard. Tana Mongoose knew Tana Mongoose. I have you as Mike loves Sack till the day I die. I think That's how we started. Fucking loves Sack. That's how we started. Yeah. Fuck. I need a beanbag chair. You're not a beanbag.


He, he makes sure to correct me every Time. It's not a beanbag. It's not beans inside of it, not a Bean bag. What's inside Of it? An amalgamate of some sort of foam. Can I ask you a question, Tana, an important one right off the bat. Yeah. Why do you still live in this godforsaken city? Is my question. Why? Well, First of all, I, I knew all of this because Mike sent me a screenshot of his own tweet today. Oh God, dude. Which is just a crazy thing to Do. Same. I also got the screenshot's. Just A talking point. It's like you could just text me to, to Talking fucking I know it to talking. I know. It's, it's funny how You also got it. Like, like he ma texted a screenshot of his own dream. That's crazy. 50. That's crazy. Why does every, Who Else you send it to?


Why does every you send it to your other group? Why does every question I ask have to turn into a roast? What am my coffee so easy? Look, bro, this morning, it's just a simple question. This, it's a simple question. I'm not asking, you know, about what Bella Thorn's bought tastes like. Okay. I'm just asking you very simply backwards. Like, I'm just asking you. I'm just asking why you still live here, bro. I really don't know. Honestly. I bought a house and I want to carry congrats myself over it. Well, don't do that. That's Men's Mental Health Month. Yeah, It's men's. Oh, I'm a man. Don't do that. Where would you go? See, this is, see, this is the thing. I'd go to Hawaii. I'm going today. You Love Hawaii so much.


I'm Touring some houses there today. I am really excited. Where, what, what island? Trying to live out my Puerto Rican fantasy, like, You know, You know, let's by the beach. Except with way less tax breaks. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's not why he lives there, by the way, but, okay. The Weather's beautiful. Yeah. And the people are amazing. And you have way more money in the bank. That's Iconic though. You are smart. I feel like you guys got out of LA at like the perfect Timing. Perfect time. Perfect. You know? It does, it does suck. I don't know. I'm like, after touring internationally though, for just like so long, I'm like, damn, I'm kind of happy to be back here. So I'm in like a weird gratitude Missing when here. What do you like, what do you like about la? Because for me, when people tell me, they're like, bro, she's fucking homeless people.


Drug addicts. Well, they're fucking, everybody's outta you. You, you were, were both of those things. No, and that's really, Everything's outta control, man. There's weapons everywhere. It's Yeah. I'm like, dude. Yes. That's why I live there. 'cause it's chaos. And I feel at home in the chaos. Is that why you live here? I, I mean, for a long time. Yeah. I definitely felt like peace in the comfort, in the chaos. You know what I mean? But no, I mean, my life is here. It's really like my friends and my life and Yeah. It's not really much to do with the city. I'm like a hermit these days too. I just like, don't go out and do all that. 'cause it's, I don't know, LA's not what it used to be. It's Not As fun. And Oh, from a nightlife standpoint, it's dead. But do you, like, do you hike or do you go to the beach or any of that stuff?


Or do you just sit in your house and take Zoloft? I prefer rip. Yeah. I was gonna say Just fucking Two sticks in the morning with your fucking coffee and that's it. A shot of horno and a two milligram. And a two milligram. You're honestly, like, you're not that far from the truth, man. Yeah. No, I don't, I should do more in la like, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like hike and shit. I just don't, but even like, Runyon Canyon is like a fucking influencer. It's just like Jeff running. Nah, not anymore. Running, Screaming up, Run. Like, it's just, I don't know. It's A lot. You know? I did it. I we got him back out of, he's back. Oh, What Jeff? We did a show I know, A couple days ago. Yeah. Because people asked from time to time, we've got this guy who's like, part of our intro.


I think there was, there was a point where there was a point where people thought he Was, I thought that he was a co-host for all Of two Seconds. No, I was like, one episode Or two. You put me in the intro. I wanted it, I was vying for that spot when you guys chose Jeff. Dude, Dude, we, we, we would've loved to have you. Too expensive. You think so? Yeah. What would you, what would you have asked for? I don't actually know. I would have to think about it more Than Mike. Well, doesn't he just get like belly button lint in a Paperclip? What the hell doesn't he like Right now? He doesn't, I'm a co-owner, like A Right, like equity and prime. I'm not trying, I'm like, I'm gonna kill myself. Dude, nom. No, no, no. Don't do it. If you're gonna do it, don't do it.


Here. Hell's wrong With you. Well, then you could like, And Tana, Tana just, You know What's, I'm so sorry. I'm literally, I'm so sorry. She's, I'm today, dude. She's, I'm, I love you So much. Like, I'm so happy for you And your growth. He's crying. Love you. I'm just happy you picked on someone else for once. Stan, I'm laughing with you. No, I love you. I literally love you so much. I'm gonna come to the wedding in August. Like, you guys are like, You're not invited Anymore. The honeymoon's in Japan.


No, he walked, he, he walked. He walked. He took his, He's gone. Shit. What can I do with this platform, Bro? You see, you see what happens. I get smoked all day and then Logan, I, I say one thing, You know, I literally love you so much. Can we start over guys, please? It's like, what up, Tana? You fucking, Let's start from the top, ladies and gentlemen. It's Tana Mojo. Damn. Damn. It's God's day too. Is it God's day? Yeah. And you just, oh, it's Sunday. You Just, you're fileting us alive.


No, When I'm not even meaning to like, actually No, it's actually so good. I, I love, love Roasting. I feel like roasting is my love language. Me too. You know, me too. Me a hundred percent. You and your new Hawaiian man. Yeah. Oh my God. He's the nicest person on the planet. Oh, you met him. Yeah. I've spent a little bit of ti a good amount of time with him. You Guys roast each other? We do. Honestly, we're pretty sweet to each other though. He's not roasting anybody. Oh yeah. That dude. The only thing that dude's roasting is like a pineapple over, like an open flame. Yeah. He's like, he He's the sweetest bro. He's the sweetest. He looks like everything you'd imagine a, like a Hawaiian surfer would look like. He's tan. He's got that like, curly, You know, kind of. I saw, I Saw a afro. I saw a picture of him recently. Is he older than you?


No. You Still vape? Today's actually my last day. Vaping? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. She said as they dragged her into the padded room. N Nina said, Nina said to tell you this, say hi to Tana and tell her to stop vaping. It's not cool anymore. Or to vape more since I no longer can. Oh my God, I love her. She's jealous. First of all, so much. She's my favorite. I absolutely, I think I'm quitting. I think today is like actually my final See, Tana? No. I brought like Nicorette gums on my, in my Hawaiian suitcase. Like, I'm just, they do like it sometimes it just becomes like an oral fixation too. Like you just replace it with something else. Yeah. It's it's pretty bad though, right? Vaping. It's, I feel like it is the hardest addiction to quit. Apparently.


It's, it's harder than her heroin. Don't say that around Mike, but I read it online or no, the same as nicotine, nicotine addiction. It's, Yeah. And I'm just like this little idiot toddler who's like addicted to this little, like, pink tv. Just, Okay. So that, that should be your motivating factor in my opinion. It, it is so ridiculous. Like, how old do You know? If you don't mind me asking 26. It's like, why are you smoking this? You're an adult. Yeah. You're an adult woman. I honestly was waiting for a good, big sponsor and I Got it. So now that's, we're good. Why Don't you just want, I mean, at least switch to cigarettes. I know, You know what? I'm know Cigarettes are much more camping. They're just More like older. Like in like, I guess you would call em, there's There's an aesthetic there. They, that is so true. Would you say they're, are they more brat?


Yeah. And I like your usage of That. Well, I'm gonna try to do some of those today, queen. But I, I'm doing the best to slay that I possibly can, but No, but you wanna know why vapes are hard to quit, dude. Because you can do 'em. Like, you can do 'em in the elevator. You can do 'em on the podcast. I can't shoot up right now. Oh yeah. No shot. People would think that was so weird. Fucking great episode. Yeah. But people would ve like, dude, that kid's weird, Bro. Yeah. You can hit that stupid little pink box. I more than you hit Bella Thorn's Pink Box. Happy Pride month. Yeah. I should probably can weigh myself. No, it's Men's Mental Health Month. I'm Oh my God. I know. And also, is Camera's Off? Is it, is Men's Mental Health Month like a real thing?


Is that really happening? Yes. There's a huge, I actually think that's good. Here's why. Yeah. There's a huge drama around it right now. Okay. Okay. The reason why Men's Mental Health Month exists. I Love that. He's just eating a fucking lunch. I'm so hungry. No, it's good. I think it's like 70 or 80% of on Alives Period. TikTok are our men. Okay. It's, it's a massive, it's a massive, like, overindexing of men versus women. And they say it's a lot of it's because men are expected to be strong all the time. They don't know how to talk about their emotions. They don't know how to talk about their feelings. And so they bottle a lot of it up to try not to appear weak or less than, or whatever. And they don't talk to people about it. And so it, men's Mental Health month is very important because it gives people the education and the awareness that you don't have to just tough it out.


You don't have to tough it out. Yeah. We want people to talk about it. We want people to speak up when they're feeling a certain way. Talk to a therapist, talk to a friend, talk to a, a, a parent, a trainer, whoever you have to talk to about how you're feeling. It's, it's very, very important. And, and it, it actually unironically blew up on TikTok because this girl, she made a thing that was like, let's take a moment of silence for men's mental health. Yeah. What I was talking to you about. And she went woo woo. And was doing a dance and like, making noise, like going against it. Mm. And it turned into a trend where they took her beginning and they duet it with the stats about men's suicide. Oh. With a song. By God. I would probably make that dumb ass TikTok and then just get Cooked.


She deleted Everything. Yeah. She has no Instagram, no TikTok. She's gone. But they, they use this song. Oh, she's gone. They used this song by a guy named wifi skeleton in the background. And the song is called like, don't Try, it's Too Late. I'm Already Dead or something like that. And that was the name of the song. And he actually committed suicide right after he put that song out. So it's, I know it's a dark topic and I'm making it heavy, but it's an important topic. Men's mental health is an important topic and women as well. But Talk during Pride month too. We can have like a crossover parade. Pride men, men's mental health cartel versus military deportations all in one parade. Yeah.


LA's outta control right now, man. Yeah. Flash bangs, concussion grenades. It is just like, it's crazy. It's sad. It's sad. It's scary. And, And You know what's messed up about it? And I think this is why it angers people so much. It re la not just la but California really is the most beautiful fucking place. It is the, it is the most beautiful state ever. And to see it just kind of run the shit and see what's been happening with it over the past few years is just really disheartening. There's, I mean, in general, in our country, there's a lot going on. Like, who do you have? Elon or Trump? Dude, I've been getting The fucking Dude funniest, like breakup edits of them on my for you Page.


So funny. Like Olivia Rodrigo playing and like, their photo I saw, I saw an absolutely incredible AI video Yeah. Of them breaking up. I know Elon went to Mars. He, He became, he became the president of Mars and it's showing him like, looking at the earth Yeah. From Mars. And Trump's looking up at Mars from the earth. It's a red, it was, it was so beautiful. Yeah. So, so who's, who's team are you on? I Don Elon or Team Trump? You're talking about this like, it's like a WWE e match. It kind. Yeah. They're, they're, they're slated for Summer Slam You. I just, I I I literally pitched it triple eight. She's so down, just slated. It's Just so I'm, I don't know. It's tough. 'cause I get into, I get into trouble.


I feel like when I start giving my takes on things. 'cause it's like, I don't know, people are always like, we want your take on this. We want your take on this. Then I give my take and then we're like, why the fuck are we getting a politics take from X Mojo? Does that, does That I prefer to remain unserious. I think that I, You know, I, I generally like get some things wrong, spread some misinformation about lighthearted things on my podcast. So I feel like it's, it's better to get that from someone who, You know what I mean? I've, I I'm a research firm believer that if someone is listening to you about a political take Mm. You have to, you have you Yeah. During the Like, like you have to understand your source.


If someone is genuinely like, wow. Like Tana, give us the answers on policy. Yeah. Tell us what's going on. It's you Tana. Yeah. And they're taking your word as truth all the time. That is, that's One thing if I wanted to do the research and be passionate and be, I, I don't think I'm incapable. I just don't think that it's like my, where I feel like Mine guys pump the brakes for a second here. Both of you we're not, we're not discussing the implications of the contra scandal. Okay. Or, or some sort of, or some sort of arms race. He Is right. He's, he's right. Politics in America right now is a bear at the circus with a hula hoop dancing and people are throwing popcorn at him. Okay.


You don't need to read it anything. It's, it's just, just give your take on it. Okay. You don't, there's nothing to study. Okay. I know, But people were like even livid at me for like, talking about him saying like, they're eating the cats. They're eating the dogs. Like people were, I don't Know. But Tana Tana, the, the worst thing in The world as we've learned, okay. And I, I'm sure both of you have adopted this by now, is indifference. If people are mad at you in the industry we're in, that's the best thing ever. No. Obviously it's a type of attention, you know, currency, we talk about it all the time and whatnot. I don't know. I'm just, I'm choosing peace these days. Mm. Trying to failing. I'm on impulsive making godawful jokes, you know, but Work, what, what, what do you have to say?


What do you say? Are you feeding me lines? Do you think? Am I just getting idiot blonde hold? What do you say? What did you say? What do you, What happens if it's all a work, Mike? Oh, oh, oh. There's talks, there's talks that Trump, Elon is a work No, no shot. It's possible. Not A lot of work. Meaning it's a, it's a See what mean? It's pretend it's a, it's a pretend it's not a shoot. It could have been until the, But there's a chance, there's a chance. They, they worked themselves into a shoot. Brother. Period. King, slay, diva. Nah, not it's a, perhaps a setup. Okay. It's a, it could be a, a plan like they sat together. It's giving plan, it's giving, it's a work shoot. I mean, people have talked about that all the way back. People have talked about that all the way back to the time when the, What do you think?


I feel like you, you know, a thing or two about a work I do. Yeah. And I don't think it's a work. And, and if, and if and if it is, it's fucking brilliant. They're so good. But what's the, what, what did you, he knows something. Take a seat, Jeff. You know, so what do You know? You know, You know, why you, because you have to ask the intention of why they would start this beef. There was a comment on that. They would lower the debt ceiling or the, some sort of Budget, lower the debt ceiling of the budget allowance To know like, oh, they're fighting against each other, so They're less. So let's lower the debt. You got it. Nah. Yeah, man. Yo, do you see what's going on? Elon and Trump are fighting. Let's lower the debt ceiling. Yeah. That seems like a one for one rationale.


That's, that's fucking perfect, dude. He said, if, if that's the case, Logan, then I will start to doubt everything. If Trump was like, yeah, bro, then tell him that I was, that I was hooking up with kids on Epstein Island, bro. Dude, do that next day. Oh my God. Let's, there's gotta be something else. You know what I mean? That's what he said, Lord, Is dropping some new music. No, no, no, no. Because yo, let me tell you this. At that point, at that point, I would start to question the ar 15 shot to the ear that just gave him the paper cut. Then I would start to ve like, okay, what's not fake at this point? Do You know what I'm saying? Like, what's, what's not fake at this point? All right. All Right. We don't, we don't have to, we don't have to, we don't have to dive into that. Tana, I'm scared.


Just generally. No, no. I mean, yeah, actually, honestly, just generally, Yo, remember that time when you dropped outta high school? Yeah. Super. Why'd you do that? I dropped out sophomore year. Isn't that kind of insane? Is it true You only went to school on Fridays to find out what keg parties were going on on the weekends? A hundred percent true. 100% true. I was talking about that the other day, and then I still kept attending like assemblies and graduation. I was, because I was like, do I have the right to attend my like 10 year reunion or am I just like that fucking prick that who like dropped out made law. You Didn't even Graduate like my Cartier. And I'm like, Hey guys. Like that's, You know, would you attend? Did you attend yours? I missed it. And I was upset. No one, I didn't get the memo for the five year, for the 10 year.


No one fucking invited me. I don't think my, my class really fucks with me. I also don't think they really fuck with each other. Yeah. Like, like it just, it was not, we, it didn't seem cohesive. What were you like in high school? Brainiac. Yeah. I was, I was locked in. Yeah. The exact opposite of you. And I, and I, I wonder I was locked out. Yeah. Yeah. Get her out. You not let that Girl in the fucking school. Especially not on Fridays. No. I wonder how many young women look at your career and or like, or, or fun and from Vegas and want maybe I Drop Out, maybe do stuff and, and, and think and think, You know what I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop outta school and pursue vlogs and then don't make it basically like, I like, like how many lives? How many Have I negatively Impacted?


Many? How many bottle girls have you spawned? Oh my God, so many. I mean, the thing is, is I think for my circumstances it was the correct thing to do. Just financially. I think we had no money and like, you know what I mean? I was never getting put through college. I was never, I lived in a very turbulent household that I had to make it out of and whatnot. Like, I think that with the cards I was dealt, it was the best plan. But like, and I, you know, I encourage people to take risks. Yeah. And, You know, create their own path and Yeah. You know, believe in themselves and because you, You know, but it's, that's a hard one. You can become charismatic as well. You can get, you can get better at trying to be likable. Like you Practice makes perfect.


I don't know. Some of it's an energy, You Know, I, I think I'm polarizing. You know what I mean? You either love me or you hate me. Who Hates you? A lot of people. For For what? Exactly. I, I really can't like, put a pin on exactly what I think it's more of like a conglomerate of just a lot of stupid mistakes. Whether it's like a tan con, whether it's like a Why do I, why do I like you? I, we get along. Why do I like you? I bring you a 23-year-old horse. Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, you don't. You've never, all you do is dis me. Also, you shouldn't be talking about, You know, Today on the phone. He said to me, he said, I, yeah.


I was dating this 26-year-old girl and she was just like, ancient. And mind you, me curling my hair, a 26-year-old girl listening, going, Mike, yes. And then These are jokes. These are jokes. First of all. And second of all, you shouldn't be talking about robbing the cradle right now. Cradle robber. Yeah. He is younger than me. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But by a year, like, What the fuck, dude? No, I Got the maturity level of a 22-year-old. Yeah. I'm doing the best I can. No, I know. I'm doing the best I Can. How is the love life? What are, what are we feeling? What are we, I don't know. Maybe it just never was gonna go right for me. Tiny violin place. No, I don't know.


Dude, I'm, I'm, I'm, I Believe that you will like, get married and settle down. I still have like, there's, there's some men in your archetype where it's like, no hope. Like they're Gonna, I'm get Hide at 55. Oh, that's not me. I, when I'm clocked in, I'm clocked in. You just saw me clocked in for two years. I was sending flowers. I was super romantic. Loyal to no end. You say Oil. Yes. Oil to no end. I moved, I moved to the Persian Gulf and started a job at bp, period. Sleigh queens. Period. Leigh, I thought you meant like baby oil and That Yeah. Some of that. Like a freak off type shit. Dude, you never have introduced me to us. The only girl you've ever introduced me to and we still, it still hasn't worked out for us, is Schwan.


I know. And I know you want that to work out. I Would love for that to work out. I would. She's the last of our friends that's single. We haven't really like, given it like a proper chance besides like, maybe some random make outs or something like that. Yeah. But We haven't. I, that's like my sister. We'd, I'd have so much fun if it was you. I actually think that would be cool. Yeah. 'cause I was just thinking to myself when you were talking about how you were a crack head in high school. Dropped out in fucking fourth grade. I was like, damn, dude. Me and Tana probably would've been doing oxys together in high school. Oh, for Sure. Yo, if You, and now we could write like a 12th vital combine all our vitals, You know, I totally could have seen you at Okay. Party at foreign high school. Yeah. Yeah.


You would've been the one when you go in to like, use the bathroom at the keg party and you're just on your knees in the bathroom one. Oh God. With one of the seniors. Oh God. Me offended. It's like so true with one of the, With one of the seniors. With one of the senior drug dealers. Yes. 100%. That was, it's funny, I'm like writing my book right now and I've been taking such inspiration from yours. Thank you. Thank you. Like it's, are you working on a second one? I've written a few chapters. I know you wanted to go like an entourage route. No, no, no, no. It's not that. It's, it's, it's more of just like the perils of, You know, this world and like, just, it's, it's more of just storytelling, but it's really, it's so much harder. It's hard for two reasons. It's hard to follow up a story that is about struggle with a story that is about like, self-imposed, like bullshit.


You know what I'm saying? Like, like, well, Like the juxtaposition of those is kind of interesting. For Sure. And there will still be a bunch of mental health struggle in it. Yeah. There will still be a bunch of like, the shit that I've never talked about, like what happened with my house that no one knows about and all of the crazy stuff that we've seen in the city Yeah. And all that stuff. So, so I'm working on it. But it's, the other thing that's hard is following up something that was truly great. Yeah. Like you guys can both relate to that. You both had projects that were just so good that people were just like, wow, that was fucking incredible. And then when you go to work on the next one, you're like, damn, I have a massive mountain to climb up. Right. Yeah. But comparison is also like the root of evil. Like maybe it's its own, What is it? What do they say? It's the Steelers. The thi of joy. Thief Of Joy. Yeah. Like maybe it's its own Great. I'll read you some chapters. It's pretty graphic.


Yeah. I like that though. I love, I love like a, a nonfiction moment. Are you, are you putting it all in the line in the book? Yeah, definitely. You Have to, by the way. Do you have An excerpt perhaps? Wow. I mean, it's a lot of my childhood. It's a lot of crazy. 'cause I feel like I've told a lot of stories about everything else. So it's like a lot of childhood stories and just craziness. I have this like, hilarious story about like, the time that, well it doesn't sound hilarious when I say it like this, but the time my dad lit me on fire Ooh. When I was like seven years old. And how it just, like, it was the first time I realized my parents were fucking morons. You know what I mean? And how much that shaped me. How did That happen? Like how did that happen?


He stole this jacket from another child and then gave it to me and it was on fire and it had like shit from a tackle box. And then I couldn't zip it. And he comes over to the zipper and he like starts to light it on fire to like, and then whatever was in the tackle box just makes it explode. And I'm standing there in the foyer of this house on fire. My mother's screaming bloody murder as if she's watching a scary movie. It's like, bitch, put me out. You know, put me out this, I'm not behind bars. You know what I mean? And just, yeah, it was the first time I was like, wow, these people are fucking idiots. You know what I mean? That's insane. So it's Like a lot of, a lot of like, funny, dark, like childhood shit like that. But then also like a lot of la shit and like, just different periods of my life.


And y'all had, Was that the last time you've been lit on fire? Probably not. Yeah. Let's be real. Did you Stop, drop and roll? I did not. So maybe that was also like user error. If You had showed up to school, you Probably would've learned that. Well, no, I don't know if they're really teaching. Stop, drop and roll. In Vegas schools, they're kind of teaching like roll the dice, ba rot, you Know, stop, drop and roll the dice and, And this this, the bottles at the 100%. And that is like, Yo, you had a, y'all had a foyer? No, like I, I'm Well you said it, it Also wasn't in my house. It was in my neighbor's house. Mm. Okay. I mean, dude, like, see you, you know, We had a foyer Mike. I was loaded. I Got you gotta start Watching out for these inconsistencies because you've been telling everybody you're trailer trash. You got a foyer.


You even said it in the French work verbiage. You didn't even say a foyer. I would do anything to do some sort of nepo shit. You know what I mean? Like, God be beautiful. Logan Paul. Oh my god. Yeah. Him And Greg had it like that. No, the hell no. Can I just say, I haven't watched the reality show yet. I'm debating when I just wanna like, take a Xanax and enter Paul world fully. Yeah. Yeah. But I've seen a lot of clips and it looks so good. You guys are just like made for it. What do you, how do you feel about it? Like doing reality TV for me gave me a lot of anxiety. Why? I don't know. Just like, obviously it's juiced up, it's hammed up.


The storylines are, can be manipulated and each just the weekly anxiety of like Yeah. The sway of the public. Yeah. Shaw's Way house. You know what I mean? I Think, I think we're so used to that at point. That's true. At this point. Like we're our, our, our skin is so, so thick. Our we have, we have, we have calloused our minds in terms of like being judged. It's, You know, we put ourselves out there, it's whatever. Yeah. And we, we, we aren't manufacturing stories. Yeah. And so it's kind of like, yo, this is our life. Yeah. It is what it is. We say some things sometimes that are polarizing you like us or hate us, like whatever. That's life. Like, like pe people are complex.


Hannah. Yeah. And I, and I feel like, I feel like anyone who's pretending to be perfect or like standing on some sort of moral high ground. I agree with that. And, and judging other people, like everyone's got something. Everyone's got something. I agree. You're not perfect. Not everyone's gonna like you. Yeah. And few people are willing to be okay with that. Yeah. And our entire family is. Yeah. And, and I, I think, I think season two will be much better. Yeah. Because we learned a lot in season one. Yeah, that's fair. Would you ever go back to reality tv? I don't Know. Maybe you should come on our show. That'd be a wild cross. They'll be shooting the wedding. Oh my God. I think That's So crazy. And, and the bachelor party.


Oh Yeah. What are you doing for that? You're not gonna believe this. Should we, should we talk about it or? No, we're Light me on fire in Vegas. Actually in a foyer. Oh my God. You're just Like me. No, legit parents Are gonna do it. Yeah, we are going to Vegas. Yeah. How cool. And there will be a fire. Yeah. Oh my God. That's wild. No, but I, I appreciate what you're saying. I think there's something beautiful, all of us about how much of our stories we've shared. I've been talking about that a lot lately where I just think so many influencers do only like, and just people in our world share only the good side and whatever. And like, how much less empowering would our stories be if we didn't also share like our mistakes and polarizing things and whatnot. Yeah. It's, I only share the bad stuff.


Yeah. I don't even have anything good to share. It's just all bad. I, I mean, right. For me, the, the, that the other, the bad stories are the best or help the most. I, You know what I'm saying? They help the most people. Like the, the majority of my interactions, you see 'em all the time, obviously with people out in the, in the real world that are related to the book and the struggle, mental health, substance relationship, breakups. Like, You know, it's, there's a lot of work to do out there, dude. A lot of work to do out there. I agree. What are you doing? What type of volunteer work are you doing? Shit. You give you giving back any that lf fucking bread dude to building any shelters in. I take Nicaragua. I take like, keep 'em at my house, ally in my basement.


You know what I mean? No, I need to do more. I actually want to do like a whole run of tour for charity soon. I've been seeing people do that. And I think it's sick. You know, Just give a percentage of the tour bag back. 100%. Mm. A hundred percent. Wow. You heard it here. First S so Terrible. Tanana was giving a hundred percent of her tour bag back Really nice At all. Oh my God. He'd have a seizure. Wait, let's, did you ever tour? So we So either of you, so we did In like a different way. Yeah. In a different Way. We did, we did. We did some Live shows. We did a trial episode. We did. Or Back when George Jenko was alive. Alive, Correct. Correct. My high soldier. Where is he these days? Here in LA I think. Yeah. I think between here and onic, Could you guys ever do a, like an episode right now?


As soon as you cross into business, when you have a friendship, things can get really complicated as you and everyone else in this industry knows. The fact that we are still alive and actually like all of you are still alive is I think a testament to a miracle. Yeah. It Is. It is one of the hardest things to do. Dude, Brooke and I talk about that so much. It's, it's like, it's crazy doing this. It can feel like a fucking hammer on a true friendship. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, it just, I just think it's, it's tough. It's, I just think there's so much of it too that's just like awareness and just, and expectations and understanding where you lie with somebody.


What to expect from somebody and what not to, if you keep your, if you get very realistic with your expectations for people, it's harder to be offended or hurt by the situation. That's true. I have, I have come to realize that this, that this man's time is extremely finite. And So is yours Mike. All, All of ours. True. True, true, true. But I just, we've, we've cr we're our situation is per, we've created almost like perfection out of it because we've done it for so long, we know what, how to we know exactly how to do it. You know, it's nine people off camera, just wide-eyed. Well now it took us years to get here, but I, I would say now our, our working relationship is, yeah. That's Good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's, it's solid. I also think it is completely normal and Okay if two people generally grow apart.


Mm. I think that happens in life. And I think there was a little bit of that happening while the business and the pleasure were being mixed. And it was kind of just like a tumultuous for all of it. Yeah. And it, and it un unwanted in a pretty unfortunate and sad way and publicly. Yeah. Yeah. Which is always just, And that's really hard too, just having like so much public scrutiny on like a friendship and a business relationship and all of that. Yeah. Especially 'cause there's like, there's always two sides to every story. And you, you have to always keep that in mind And perception is just wild. Like, You know what I mean? The way you both could perceive the same thing happening. That, That That's, so That to me is accurate statement. I actually sometimes fall apart.


Mm. I die on the hill of my perceptions as well. Like, is that what you're saying? I Okay. Okay. Yeah. But what if something's like an objective like fact? Yeah. That I mean, yeah. And then I'll be dying on the hill that Yeah. It's, it's tough. Can I ask you a question on that note quickly? Just at the highest level, canceled is not happening anymore. I mean, I'm not saying that I like, it would be done forever. You know what I mean? Like, I, I do really enjoy it, but it's just interesting. Like the girls that we were when we started that show were like quite literally like sucking dick behind a dumpster. You know what I mean?


Now it's In like, now it's in really nice bedrooms Yeah. With Really nice people. Of course. And, You know, but just the, the lore and, and just like my desire to comment on pop culture and be in therap mill every week and, you know what I mean? Just show up every week contractually and fucking tear people apart in a lot of ways. You know what I mean? I've just become such a different person, so why Not? So why not Question on that note. So why not? Like, like, okay, f why not evolve the show? Right? Like, for example, like for us, we've had, we've shed 47 layers of skin throughout the course of this eight year extravaganza.


Mm. But we evolve together and we evolve the show. So I'm, I'm not, we don't have to go super deep on it, but just curious as to why you guys don't just evolve the content. I Guess we could just evolve the content, but it still is like, there's only so much you can evolve. I think our show, like I'm still, I would still have to be in LA every week and we would still have to show up. And just also like creatively, I think that her and I both have sometimes different visions. Got it. Like we, we always talk about the fact that as friends, amazing. But getting us to always agree on everything business-wise and stuff is difficult. And like, I love her to death, but I could just see a world where we both had our own things that were very different and then we had the agency and the leisure to cross over when we want.


'cause we still have that great chemistry and You know what I mean? Like, almost nurture our friendship first and just evolve in different ways that still allow us to continue to be friends and just not, it's not a contractual obligation to show up on that couch every week and talk about Hailey Bieber's asshole. Yeah. You know, and that's a very important topic these days. Yeah. It, it, the, the, the fit of a business, friendship relationship or even just business partners, not even with the friendship is, is akin to finding a romantic, but it Is, it is, yeah. Very. You know, and I love her so much, much, You know, very hard to make those puzzle pieces fit per, that is why I'm so grateful for this because him and I are just like, to an extent, laser visioned in on the same perspective.


Like, it's so rare for us to have any kind of creative disagreement, business disagreement, friendship, disagreement. Like we've just gotten, so this is what I was talking about before. So efficient and productive in our, in our partnership across all of the different verticals of partnership that like, it, it, but it, it's, it's very difficult to find that what he near impossible, What he's describing is essentially just being on the same wavelength to to, to like the nth degree. Yeah. And, and I find that my strongest relationships and friendships and my current marriage. Yeah. Nina. Like it was a slur.


Well, I was, I was, I was, I was thinking how well fiance, I'm not married a fiance. My but the, the love of my life. Yeah. One of the things I noticed when I realized like, oh, this is the one was as simple as she made sense to me. Yeah. She, which which that's beautiful. I, I, I like, I just understood what she was saying. I followed her rationale. Mm. We, we had, we had similar takes and if we didn't, we could, we could disagree and then end up on the same page. Like, like he, he makes sense to me. He says something and I'll ve like, oh yeah, I get that. Or if he doesn't, there's like a back and forth, then we end on the same page. I think, I think I think that can go a really long way in defining a friendship and certainly a business type friendship As well.


I couldn't agree more. I really couldn't. And I love Brooke so much. I just, I think that there's other capacities that we would like thrive more at. And it just, even with the audience, I feel like we're just at this point where we're kind of like beating a dead horse a little, You know what I mean? Like, I'm ready, I'm ready to be on a beach, like just talking my shit, like wherever I am and be a little more portable and be a little more, and it's just, I have a lot of people, you know, a lot of people relying on me and her relying, like just, I'm, I'm ready for it to be a different capacity and to allow our friendship to thrive in a different way. And Yeah. That's noble. Yeah. Flip, flip the page. Yeah. Start that next chapter. A hundred percent. And, and you'll, you'll find, you'll find a lot there. 26 was a pretty defining age for me.


Yeah. 26 to 30 for you I'm sure as well will be revelatory in many ways. And I just, especially if you go to Hawaii. Yeah, Exactly. I'm just like, even just the like, depth of what I speak about. Even as I'm writing this book, I'm like, damn, do I want to go down more of like a psychology and mental health like route and like, You know what I mean? Just speak about things that mean a little more to me and whatnot. And just freedom. You know what I mean? Even no matter what it was, I think it's just like being tied to the studio in LA every week and kind of a similar range of topics can feel a little, you, you, You have a depth that I'm not sure maybe you've really like exercised super publicly yet.


Even just the way you're speaking. Like, it's, you, you, you Oh, Tana's very, very intelligent. Yeah. Like extremely intelligent. Yeah. I think people don't, I think you could shock people maybe with that's what I'm saying. Maybe, maybe eventually, You know, like do your thing these next three, four years. But I, I could see you, I could see you diving deep on things with important people who need to be heard or like have a, have a voice that needs to be heard. I agree. I don't know. It's, it's kind of what we wanna do. We, we More of, we've done a, we've done a, a good share of it, but we've wanna do more of it, You know, sprinkle it in now again. But that's how I feel. And I think it goes hand in hand with this book as well. Like, I don't wanna be releasing this piece all about like, the hardest things I've ever gone through and how I overcame them and the psychology behind it and all of the things that I learned across it while I'm like simultaneously online being like, I bled all over my Uber driver's seat This week.


Like, it's just like, You know, and Yeah, But it's, but it is a, it is a, a a, a gentle balancing act because, and, and it's a and it's a tough one and a lot of the really smart people pick a lane. They pick a lane and, and it, and it's been a detriment to me. And I'll, I'll be so interested to see how you navigated, but it's like, dude, I'll go sit with a bunch of addicts and talk about the fifth vital and it saved my life and it, and you know, made me understand these things and it got me clean. Then I'm like, okay, hang on. I have to go 'cause I have to sell a ton of cheeseburgers today. Do You know what I'm saying? And I'll go sell a ton of cheeseburgers, then we'll come interview Trump. Then the next day we'll interview Bonnie Blue.


You know what I'm saying? And then, and then I'll leave and I'll ve like, yo, I'm gonna go do a what? A, a night shift episode in Ibiza with, You know, and then it's boyfriend girlfriend, content and mental health and yeah, I Agree. It'll be interesting to see how you navigate the, the, there always be combination of, of podcasting book writing, showing off your clam on the internet. On the internet for pay. You know what I'm saying? It's Crazy. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's Vaping. Yeah. Question for you. Crazy one spinoff. We, we still do all our other shit. It's called sidekicks Me, Brooke.


You guys would kill It. That's actually great sidekicks. It's like, that's like you would kill it. You, I mean she, dude, she's so fucking hilarious. We've, Me and her have always had a That's great. Really, really solid. Like, No, we love you. We talk about it all the time. We really do. We've, We've, we've, me and her have like hit it off Sinces day one. We talk very, She's that dude. And like, I think she is also going to have this fucking big boisterous, insane career as well. You know what I mean? I want nothing more. I think from the day I ever was like, Hey, sit down on this couch. You know what I mean? She's so fucking funny. So talented dude. That That's, that's sidekicks. She actually, then you guys start a spinoff called Main Characters.


No, I mean you and Brooke are also main characters in your own right. For Sure. I appreciate the play and it's funny, you know, co-host and whatnot, but like, yeah, I mean she also wants to, I don't know if I'm like leaking some of her info right Now. I don't mean to be, but do some type of trying or like food or interesting series. I was literally telling her I could see her have her own female, like night shift of like A, for a format. A format of some Kind. Yes. Like I think that Brooke also is in a place, I don't wanna speak for her, but where she is, people really pick her apart for everything. I've seen that. And her having to show up every week and, you know, talk about her own life and give people more and more. I think she's wanting to kind of create a little more privacy and stray away from making her all of the depths of her own life.


The front lines, you know what I mean? Whereas I'm kind of locked into that forever. You know, That one, that one like Scandal with her was so, oh my god. I remember I called you, I called you when it happened and I was like, fuck this. I'm going on the defensive for, for Brooke. And you were like, Hey man. No, you said, you said like, this is, this is a big one, dude. Yeah. Think, You know, I think you wanted to make some fun from The beginning. Jokes. Yeah. Yeah. It ended up being very serious. And you know, I always just try to tell her though, I think she's finally coming around to like, sometimes those moments are the best thing that can ever happen to you. And when it comes to growth and all of those, I'm so grateful. Certainly if you survive them. Yes.


You, You know who's a great example of that right now is Jimmy MrBeast. He, he went through a series of people just trying to publicly execute him and he did the best he could to handle it. Took all the necessary steps behind the scenes. Like all of just did everything. We couldn't or he couldn't. It it was, it was, I I know him well. He is a friend and it was a hard time. Yeah. Friend first, Fred first, and now we're in business. Yeah. And guess what? It's great. Yeah. But it was a hard time in his life. And now the kid is operating on a fucking level that is unbeknownst to mankind. He is, he is crushing it so hard.


I love him. Oh my God. He's awesome. He's just the sweetest human as well. He's, he's so sweet. He's, he's, I think he's one of the most impressive human beings on the planet. I have no doubt. He's basically like the next Elon Musk, even Watching this, he's like the influencer. Elon A and he's 20, he's 26, dude. Yeah, he's 26. He's scratching the Surface, even watching his Amazon show. Like he's, he's just A visionary. It's so good. He's, he, he, he, we have a little group chat Yeah. And with our partners and he says, he says season two of OB games is, is, I can't imagine. Let me actually, let me actually read you the message. He's Fucking one of a kind. He truly is. I I And You're so right to prevail and just continue to, you know, yeah. Grow. Yeah. It's hard.


He, he all kind, he kind of feels like Bank of America though in 2008. Like, he's too, I think he's too big to fail. Beast's gonna, he's, He MrBeast is factually Too big. Do You know what I'm saying? Like, who's gonna cancel MrBeast, You know, don't have to. Game Season's the most insane done, also done shit the universe will ever witness. And I believe him. Andy's done so much good. I just, I just, I, I don't the Mr. Bees for Mr. Bees hate is forest. I think. Same with Logan boy. I mean he's, dude, it's like he planting a million trees and making the blind sea. It's Like, you know, you can't do that. That's so fucked up. That is so offensive. Yeah. It's like, it's wild that people really No, that is offensive. Dude. What you're saying though is correct. I was using him as a, as an example is oftentimes that rock bottom, that pit that hole.


If you can survive, it can be such a blessing, Dude. You're going, you're going to survive it. You're going to survive. The, the, the easiest way to put it, and it's the most important thing that you have to remember at all times, is the majority of the times in life, the worst thing that could ever happen to you is the best thing that could ever happen to you. I 1000%, That is that simple. Every single thing that I am right now and every single thing that I love about myself is a result of the things that I've been through that I hated were happening to me at the time. I couldn't agree more. They are, they are the, the transforming moments of your life that will make you the person who you become.


Yeah. And without them, you are nothing. Without them. You are, you are a, you are a empty canvas. That does not yet exist. If I was just the person that like I would be from only the good that happened to me, I think I'd be an awful person. Horrible person. You know what I mean? Horrible person. It's just like depth. Yeah. Depth of substance per, I Asked you earlier kind of facetiously why I liked you and I think you are a person who has, has been through the ups and downs and we've noticed that we tend to gravitate towards those people. 'cause it feels a bit more authentic. I couldn't agree more. No, Not a bit. Bit more. You've, You've been through the fucking trenches, The ringer. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. Trenches and back a million times.


Yeah. I seek people like that as well. I don't know if it is kind of like a trauma bond, but also at the same time, like, I don't know, I appreciate people with some grit and people who, I don't know, it's, it's really hard. Even just like when I'm hanging out with girls or people, I guess, and it's like, oh my God, I'm having the worst day. My blazer didn't fit. And I'm just like, oh my God. Have you ever had a real problem? Yeah. Like, I need, I need that in people sometimes. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I gravitate towards people. Grit like that as well. Some Grit. And you see some fucking grit. Yeah. And you see it reflected in the interactions like outside of the industry too. Like she, all three of us are the same in this, but like, she's just like us. She, if she sees someone, she's gonna stand there for 30 fucking minutes and talk to people.


You know what I'm saying? That girl who's blazer didn't fit. Yeah. She's gonna act. I'm on my way. I hate That shit though. No, no, no. But, but I hate because, because it's not until you start to don't see yourself struggling, hurting, looking for some advice in other people that, that you start to wanna interact with people. When I, I also, I just did this Yes. Chef food festival this weekend and, and had all these people drive for hours to come try the burger and, and bring my book to sign and stuff like that. Like I See myself, I, they're, they're all Great. They're a mirror of, do you know what I'm saying? Wanna spend time with Them. You know what I think it is though too. I think that all three of us probably have such a special connection with our fans.


I always say this because we have been so authentically ourselves almost to a fault. You know what I mean? Just so authentically ourselves across this. So the people that have built this connection with us, they built this connection that is real. You know what I mean? Think about how many other influencers, traditional media, celebrities, their fans are coming up to them and singing their praises and feeling connected to a facade that they're putting outer to a completely different persona that they are not deep down. You know what I mean? So that connection is not mutual. Even when people are like, Dan, I have the most parasocial relationship with you. I'm like, how fucking parasocial Is it really? When you know everything about me? Yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's, I'm able to like love and respect them so much because they really do know me and they do see me.


And I can imagine that disconnect with other people when it's like, oh my God, you are a fan of a person that I completely not, You know? Yeah. Like the authenticity. Yeah. It, it definitely helps builds that basically with you. It's just like, what, what you see is what you get. Mm. And your fan for Sure. Your fans know that. And, and you're super approachable, But you, both of you as well. And that's why I love you both so much. Well, we, We've just been, we've been out here for a minute. I just feel Like that's What it is too. Just Oh, yeah. Yeah. The cockroach it, You can't, you see it ridiculous. All hard to kill Hampshire wheel. Hard to fucking kill. I know. Is it ever wild to you seeing these like, new phases of influencers and TikTok and even just Logan? I always think about, like, I was talking about this the other day in regards to touring. Like I'd go on stage and do whatever the fuck I wanted.


'cause there was no TikTok. You know what I mean? Just like the, the difference in like, even just thinking back to your like 1600 vine days and all of that. Like, Is it just so wild to you to see these, the new era of what it means to be an influencer? Yeah. Yeah. For Sure. Yeah. And I think, I think, I think it's so oversaturated and everyone wants to be an influencer, and so the ones that are rising to the top are really fucking good. Yes. These kids are getting good at influencing Yeah. Really charismatic, creative, hardworking Individuals. That's such good point. Yeah. Like a bro. Think of the Kais and the speeds. Like these are, these are people with like real Talent. Even the two guys we have coming on after today, they're Lacey and Ron are fantastic. They're Good, man. They're good because dude, do you remember like, It is so much harder to rise now.


Really Are, Because think about it. I wonder if we would even be sitting here if it was this generation. It one thing we all are is consistent. And that's like also a, a determinant how like you, you kind of didn't, it seems like really have a choice. You're like, I'm just gonna be fucking me and 100%. See what happens. That's how I felt. Yeah. And also at 14, like 10 years in, something's gonna happen. No, but like when people, when people ask me when, when I have the fan interactions and I get the occasional like, Hey man, what's one piece of advice you could give me? I wanna be a YouTuber. I was like, plan on it taking at least six years. Do you really wanna be a YouTuber? Like how bad, like in six years from now, if you have 4,000 subscribers, are you satisfied? Yeah. And if their answer is, nah, man, I really just, I I wanted to try it for a year.


I'm like, but man, like I just, I don't know. It's a lot of consistency. It's a lot of throwing shit at the wall too. Yeah. Just time seeing what sticks. Like, like I, I, I'd I'd bet on a person who is consistently good then occasionally great. You know, that's, that's kind of, that's kind of Damn, that's yeah. That's profound. Well That definitely the creator Like launch. Damn. I wonder what I am. Neither you are. How has your consistency been? Have you been consistent on any upload? I'm trying to be as consistent as ever. I'm really trying to like just, I don't know, all of it. Just be time. More timely. All of it. The thing about, the thing about, I'll just say it about all three of like, if you look at any of us in silos or together, but in silos, like we're all fucking entertaining people.


Like there's, this is not a, this was not a mistake, bro. We're, You know what I'm saying? We're Just jerking ourselves off. No, no, no, No, no. I agree with that. No, I agree with that. I'm, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to like blow our heads up, but like, dude, like, but I was gonna, I was gonna say about you, you, you have had a, I Think we're entertaining 'cause we're kind of like fucked up, Right? Idiots for Sure. No, that's fine. That's fine. How whatever the Rational, but trauma makes people funny shit, dude. Whatever the rationale you wanna use is. But what I was gonna say to you is this, you, you've always had like a I see it. I'm always checking up on your, on you. Because I'm a fan. First and foremost. I love you. You, you have had a consistency issue Over The course of your, to say the least. Like, dude, I will. Ve like, oh, I wonder when the last time Tana uploaded was. Oh, 18 months ago.


Yeah. Wow. That's, I'm back though now thanks to J But Here's, but here's, shout out Jay Rod. But here by the way, shoots and edits. Well No way. Edit edits both of our videos. No way. And sometimes he'll ve like, nah man, sorry, I can't do it. Got Tanner Project. I'm like, dude, how much is she? Same. I'm like, thought the night shift edit might get ready with me. Yeah. GRW s the thing that I've always noticed about you is you can go away for nine months on YouTube and those same 852,000 people will watch the next upload. Oh yeah. Yeah. You have real staying power. I appreciate that. Like, which is, which is not something that is like super, that might be the hardest thing to attain in this entire thing.


You Have a super dedicated fan base. Fan base. They Are the best. They are the fucking best. It is wild. It is so wild. Even just touring shows me that, You know what I mean? Like just being in the fucking middle of Glasgow and being like, holy fuck. We're able to sell Out the studio. I remember seeing some of those things and I'm like, holy Shit. Yeah. They have have massive show up. That's 'cause I mean obviously I've never been the person to have a brand really believe in me. So it is those, You know what I mean? It Is, it is. The fans like, it's nuts. Who's paying for the clam shots though? 'cause they're all girls. There are no clam shots by the way. We're just totally misinforming. And I'm not about to get strike from my account for not selling. Put Sorry. It's implied. It's imp Implied. Implied. What do they call it? Implied. You would know that you fucking, well, I mean I, it's my, it's my, was my industry at one point.


There Are a lot of men. It's wild. I also, at the same time, You know what I mean? Just like c Can I ask what exactly you're selling? Just some, Some implied Nudity. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Bite bath ing suits. Oh, do You? You know, I'm selling some Tif Logan. Like a nipple. Yeah. I'll sell a nipple. Oh, A Nipple. Well, because it's like, there was a point in my life where I would go down the street, I'd go to Chili's in a see through shirt and it was just like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Might as well sell it for 9 99. Yeah. Yeah. They're getting it for free. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean all of it though too as well. I think I was just always very oversexualized. So it was kind of like, I wanted to flip the point. Is it, Is it worth the bag OnlyFans? I never want, I think it is such a situational thing that I never wanted be a blanket statement.


You know what I mean? I started it with fame and I started it with the fan base. Of course I'm gonna have a hunky dory time and be able to like buy stupid shit and Chanel bags and shit, you know. But like, I don't know, I think it's murky water when you start getting into the glamorizing territory. 'cause there's also a very dark side to that world. And like, you know, even I have like, I'm not gonna sit here and like bitch about it, but like, my worst stalker in The world is from OnlyFans. And You know, it's, it's interesting. Is he like a number one buyer? No, that's honestly the problem. He was swiping more. It's like, fine, you could be outside my house. You paid for it. You know, he's, He's cheap and weird. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Yeah. And now he's mad at us too, probably. Yeah. You know him. Have you seen him?


Yeah. No. I mean, I don't, I don't know him personally. If you're watching this once again, we don't know each other. He thinks we're dating, you know, good looking Or He's definitely watching this Scary, scary looking scary. It's Scary. Oh fuck. It's so scary. But that shit's interesting too. I think you've probably dealt with some stalkers and Yeah. Oh yeah, for Sure. I, I, I showed up to court for, for mine. Yeah. And it got a, got a full on restraining order. That's good that you were able to like, it's hard, it's hard to get a restraining order. My lessons. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially here in la. Yeah. It's super hard. Yeah. My last one was the funniest. I'm sorry. He's, he has This girl Is hell. Yeah. I bleep the name, but yes. Dude. Dude, she is same as yours. I'm sure. So convinced.


She's my girlfriend. She like, dude, I had full on 24 hour security in front of my house. She would challenge them. Get out of my way. This is my home. I pay you to fucking be here. And the dude's just like, yo bitch, get off the patio. You're, you're scaring the pe you're Scaring people. Women in STEM though, bro, homie. Like, that's Nuts To this's. Like saying I pay you to ve like, that's, She, she climb. No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me explain this. Okay. When I had the house, sometimes she would come during the day, she would ring the doorbell. She would tell security to move outta the way. 'cause she's time. We have a lunch date and all this stuff, and she has to get ready and blah, blah, blah. She has to, she wants to come and take a shower to get ready before lunch. Then sometimes she would climb up my absolutely impenetrable back hill that you would need Actual, I had a sucker do that too.


Rope ropes and climbing equipment, bro. I would, it's, It's like, it's a 60 Degree slant. I would look back at my, at my cameras the next morning because I would see an event happen in the middle of the night. I'd ve like, wow, did more foxes come shit on my patio furniture? Nope. A light would go on and you would see this head pop over the wall. She got these Rac eyes to over and then she launch. Just bear grilling it. Yeah. She would launch a bag over and then she would just come and peer in the windows. Now keep in mind, I'm sleeping. Okay. And she's just peering in the windows to the sides of the blinds. Like, is my Okay. A hot take is my, and if someone said this to a woman, they'd be so canceled. So I'm literally so in trouble for saying this to you. What if she's the one Like he really wants you might do it.


I, I tried To convince him to go on one date. Like he wasn't buying it. I Just one buy it. But yeah. Come on. Just one. It can't Be that bad. And it's one and it's, You're not like, unsafe completely. It's just really weird. My question Is it, it is a, it is a woman. Like, okay, if a man was doing this. Yeah, it's different. I, I think I would argue Mike has full domain to walk outside and punch him. Square the fucking Face. Get violent. Get Violent. Yeah. That's a, whoa, I didn't think about that since It's a woman. Like Is It she has full domain to come punch me in the face. Yeah, Basically. That's A tough Dude. It was, and and keep in mind like this was the least violent interaction I had on that property.


I still haven't talked about this. Yeah. But that was the most low key shit that was going on there. I feel like some Houses are Just cursing. No, it wasn't the house, the house is great. No. Never problems before it. So, You know what I'm saying? No, I, I know, but 'cause I was, it's 'cause I was there and people knew my movement and I was posting when I was home and I was posting when I was away. Now I have moved into a, a fortress. I, I, i, I cannot I this city, it doesn't give you the right to unload ammunition on people in your yard. Mm. You, you can't unload even if the person is shooting you. Mm. You have to just simply get shot and then try to handle it after in court or something. I know the city's fucking stupid. Yeah. Anytime I was ever calling the police on my stalker, like, oh my God. There was a time I called the police on my stalker and they legitimately were like, Hey, can we come tomorrow at 2:00 PM And I was, this isn't a fucked Nail apartment, You know, you know, we Would, I'm not ordering A pizza, bro.


We would wait for hours, hours. One, one. We would wait for hours. Yeah. For, and the dude would, people would be in his house. Hey guys, there's someone downstairs like armed. Yeah. Like, oh. They're like, oh, okay. Well do, We can send you a link to your, text me to your phone that you called from if you wanna file a report about it. Did you catch money in the bank last night? What does that mean? The WWE e match last night here in la Yes. I loved it. What was your favorite part? Just all the, the outfits. They were really gorgeous. Yeah. You thought they were that much different than the Last one. And when that guy was kind of, when he went into a table Yeah. You saw that I that the backfoot Moon salt. Yes. You saw my backfoot salt. Oh, You saw that? Yeah. I love that.


Did you do that In Florida? Yeah. Oh yeah. That was me. That was me. Oh, That's so wild that you're actually just like flinging yourself at tables and then you're like, oh, I'm gonna Go podcast. And then like, it's crazy Dude. I'm good. Besides this hematoma, I'm like, holy Schmoley. Can I see? I wanna see. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's getting worked up. Wait, is that from the moon salt? Yeah. Can I ask you a question on the topic? Sure. Mike, did you? Okay. I had heard that this was gonna happen. This cross aisle. Middle rope. Middle rope. Yeah. Middle rope. Two commentator table moon salt. They won't even let you do this in the video games because it's thought to be impossible to clear that aisle. You told me you were gonna do it. I knew you were working on it.


Talk to me about the execution. How do you feel about how it ended up hap how it ended up working out? Thanks For the question, Mike. Yes, because I did I get off on these moves? Like I, I I love being like a daredevil stunt man. Yeah. Who's, who's, who's physically capable of doing it. Like there's a lot of people in the WWE that are really athletic. Especially now the talent level's so high. But some of these moves you gotta have fucking kaons to pull off. And I just sometimes just pray to my God, cross my fingers. Put in the prep. Yeah. And then just send it. And I sent this move yesterday. Do you wanna see it? Yes. I wanna see it.


So just so, just so I give you a little context. This shit is So, it's So, I'm, I'm ex I'm excited about this one. Look, this, this is a cut. We did. So that's so insane. And you're telling me you're not just like popping a perk 30 after this. No, no. That's Yeah. Like, that's like ow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And no, it all hurts it all. It all hurts. And Do you have like plastic surgeons on speed dial in case you fuck something up and you need to get like the Kylie Jenner special? Yeah, For Sure. You never know when I need to be Kylie Jenner. Yeah, but I've always said that. Nah, so, so, so man, I, I've been, okay. So that, that particular move's called a Lion salt.


I did it at, I did it to AJ Styles at WrestleMania. And there's one angle where you see me fly 90% across the ring, like, like Way further than I could. So You know it, so you knew it was possible. So I looked at it and I went, dude, I could do this to the outside. I could, I could do this on a fucking table. And so we measured the distance from the table. It's 10 feet, which is far. And I was practicing it in Puerto Rico and I was landing it pretty consistently. And so we're, so we're Where do you even practice this? Like in the dining room over asme? I hate Pillows. Yeah. With asme? Yeah.


No, I have a ring. Yeah. Oh, that's, I have a ring in Puerto Rico and a crash pad. And so I love Money. It's fun. I was just gonna say, I have a wrestling ring Puerto Nah. So, so man, we're kind, we're kind of, we're kinda, it's, it's before the match and I'm telling John Cena, I was like, Hey, I'd like to fit this spot in there, right? And he looks at me and he goes, you can't make that jump. And I go, I swear to God I can't. And dude, John's the best, but in full sincerity. He goes, you can't make that jump. And I'm like, it's okay buddy. And I found out no one Has ever done it Successfully.


Not so much, but believed that I could make that jump. Yeah. Bye bye Mac. I love you bro. It was very good to see you. Thank you for that. Your help this weekend. What, What part of what part of the dis what part of it has never been done? 'cause people have surely gone off the top to the table. Shawn Michaels did that move, but no one was on the table. And he cracked his ribs on the table also. And, and, and it was closer. So, so, so when they say make that jump, they just mean simply survive it? I don't know. No, definitely not the distance. Definitely not the, definitely not the distance. I'm, I'm sure, I'm sure it's been done before, but like it was, it was, it was well executed and I'm fucking alive.


But it was a really hard landing. Really hard. It's so cool that you just like live for the adrenaline like that and you're able to just like, compartmentalize any fear, any, anything and just fucking go. Like, I think that's so sick. Thanks Dana. I I really do. I I I have, I Love to watch it. All of this stuff you guys do. Like it's, you're entertainers. I Got some crazier too. I go fucking crazy. But I have, I had this ability to turn the fear switch off. Like that's complete. So like thing off the, just like whatever happens, what happens? It's Never beating the sociopath allegations. I have this ability to turn off this specific Emotion's. Like it's, and so I don't care about anything or anybody.


Dude. No, no, no, no. I'm saying fear. Fear Me. Flying. Do What do best. I know. It's like, do what I do best Now. I, when I landed straight up, I was not sure if I broke both my fucking shins. And That's what it is. Do you just equate it to like the way I would breaking a nail? You're like, whatever my shins are broken, I'm gonna go get a latte. That's the show, You know? Yeah. That's crazy. That's, that's what you commit to either way. Do you think That if I stopped everything I was doing right now, vaping first and dedicated my life to trying to be able to do that, I could do it. Or would I die first? You'd die. Hell yeah. You'd die. Yeah. But did you, did you see our truths come back When? Yeah. You saw that, right? Yeah. I Looked, oh man, that was crazy. Shit was so hard.


Well, here's another thing. Look, I'm, Dude, I, I go through this table, I'm cooked cusp of death. I'm sitting there just, you know, selling but not selling. 'cause the shit's real and it all hurts so bad. But I hit the move. So I'm excited. But You know, I'm sitting there like basically knocked out and Cody and John are in the ring. I'm rooting for my guy, John. Get, get us that win. John. And dude, out of nowhere comes fucking our truth. Who I thought was fired. I thought the wwe e let him go. Also, here's the thing. No one told me our truth was coming. I didn't even know. Oh, No Way. I didn't Even know. So bro, I'm sitting there and he comes back, I'm like, what the fuck is he doing here?


You Became a fan for a Second. Yes, yes. In the moment. Dude, I'm selling. I'm like, Wait, No. And then he hit John and we lost the fucking match. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, this Is, it's so like, interesting to listen to you sound like me on Coke at like an LA house party except you're telling the truth. Like it's just at, at Franco's house and I saw John Cena and I jumped into this table. Like it's, I've definitely seen you doing it at an LA party. That's crazy. A hundred percent. He's so Cool. Fucking sick. It's just wild Dude. John C's the best. Our truth man. Yeah. He came back and he cost us the match love. He cost us the match. I said this, he Cody and Jay can't do anything without cheating. And You know, it was, it was another example, me and me and how Is it that me and John are the most virtuous?


You Know, I've always said that about the two of you. Yeah. Yeah. Do you a John Cena fan the last time is now super fan. Yeah. It's just so's the last Time. He's the last real champion. It's actually really crazy. Just going into the weekend. He's Bald, right? No, no. He's fixed up somehow. I don't know what happened there. Really? Yeah. I pay a lot of attention to his hair. That I love a Baldi though. Well, that's why we're friends. But I Got, I went to Turkey, but I Now I think I might have to go again. I went into this, wait, really? I went into this weekend. That's so Cool. We both have hair extensions. A hundred percent. Leigh, I can't take you do that. Can't I can't take mine out. Yeah. I went into this weekend with my, my heart, my soul, my money, everything. Rooting for a huge, for two of my friends.


Dude, Logan Paul and Sugar Sean. Oh My God. Dude. Just sha Sean's was Shawn's, it Was a rematch, right? Or It was a rematch against Moab. You know what happened the First time He got, I think he lost in a, in a Decision. Decision. 'cause of the takedown. Yeah. Takedowns and shit. It's, it's, here's the problem, dude. I think, I think Moab, I think Meab might be really good, dude. There are, there are some people in the UFC who occasionally I say they appear unbeatable For the moment. I think he might be, I Think he checked that box. I was, I was nervous for Sean going into, into this match. Because, Because because the weird thing about it is like Sean had some really good take down to fame.


He, he like was, he was doing a great job of this also. Also His strikings great. He was keeping his distance. He was. But dude, Marat Dude, he's a little spark plug dude. His pace is just His cardio. His pace is just, how Do you keep that pace for that many, many rounds? Tana? I don Dunno. I mean I I've I've heard about the things you're able to do with acoa, but good lord No, it's, yeah, we have our own version of whatever sugar. How's your down defense verse McCullough? It's crazy. It's so good. It's wild. Hey, so do they rematch again now? Do you think Shahan gonna be trying to No. And and it's a, it's a, he really locked in for this fight. Fight. He like went off social media. He just committed to training and it and it, he got choked out I think of the third round.


And it's just bad. I love him. Little rainbow bright king. He's, He's incredible. I don't even think he did the rainbow. No he didn't. 'cause he was so locked in. Yeah, He, he's like, I'm not, I'm not playing this game. Gimme That just for He'll. He'll dude, listen d My hair black Dude, listen, Sean's a character. He's got, he's, he's a credible striker. There, there will be more to the story dude. It's just, it's just, I Just love a good fight. I love, like, I do love watching two grown men just fucking duke it out. Like I love watching a good fight. I do good back and forth. So I like, would love, I wish everything in my face wasn't fake. It'd be so fun to try. You know, you would, You would crush influencer Boxing. It'd so fun. Go on brand risk. Go on brand. I almost did. I really almost did. Like when it was. Yeah. Who, who were you gonna fight? People wanted me to fight Corina. I remember that time.


Holy. She came on this show, I think. And she was saying, I Remember that something. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Do you still want, would you still wanna fight Corina? No, I mean I would if seriously if I wasn't gonna lose like nine veneers and need like a fucking revision on the nose job, You know, all of it. But that would, would that be? But why don't, but is there, I guess I could just do it. Don't do it and pop out with a whole new face. No. Is there, There's not as much money in it now. No, No. 'cause people, people realize it's kind of, it's it's a little gimmicky. Yeah. It's a little gi gimmicky. But also is that beef still? Why don't you, 'cause I think could see you guys doing a clam collab instead, dude. Like, think about the Go Lab. Like it's fucking bikini bottom. Like it's like we're in SpongeBob.


Like, dude, imagine if you two did a fucking, You know, Some crazy shit. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I think even with the Jeff of it all, I'm very, oh shit. That's right. I'm very, I think all the dough Brick Alumni. Yeah. Corin alumni. Corin has been a, Corin has been a sore subject in the, in the Jeff thing because I do love, I do love Corinne. Yeah. I do love Corina. I watched your Night shift with her. It was very good. I don't think, I don't know. And no Jeff's come around to it because it's just like, dude, if you have to write off anyone who's ever associated with someone that hit you in the head with a crane, it's like a lot of people. And dude, Corin has always been really good to me. And it's just like, You know, like, you know, But it is like not to go to Jeff's defense crazy and like whatever. I understand where you're coming from, but I don't know my respect for all of them.


It's hard. Like I just, I don't Know. No, I hear you. It's Just, I I'm wondering if do brick, I mean they all say that if he didn't have the money and he didn't have the family and he didn't have the power, they would still be there. But it's hard. Like even if one of my close ass friends did, what do Brick did to Jeff? Like, I don't know. Yeah, I hear you. It's just a weird situation for me because like, truthfully, and I hate to say this and we just talked about it on Jeff fm, but if I called Corina to talk about like one of my major life problems, I probably would get more attention from her on it than I would from Jeff. Well then period. Do You know what I'm, do You know what I'm saying? And like, and like, and, and, and like we're, and I'm working on that with Jeff. Yeah.


We talked about it on the show the other day. We had a whole, we had a whole breakdown on it. And I said, listen dude, like I I, you and I have been in Jeff's corner to no end Mm. To no end. If he Is, it does not matter when he calls what he calls about, we are there for him. Mm. And I, I had a con, and I don't want to call him out on this 'cause he's not here, but I've had conversations about him recently where I've been like, dude, I've really needed someone recently. Yeah. And, and You know what I'm saying? So it's like, yeah, I don Dunno if the Jeff is always there with the mutual reciprocation for I understand where you're coming from with that, but sometimes I also think that in life we are like given people where it is our like duty Carry a hundred percent. And that's how I feel with him. And I love him and we'll continue to show up every single day no matter what.


Yeah. But will I, will I cut off someone who was like loosely affiliated with something that happened in his Life? Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Maybe Not. Yeah. And if you have this bond with Corina, I guess Yeah, that it was easier for me to kind of walk away from all of the, the Dores. I was gonna say Dores Pizza servers. I'm such a, yeah. Like, I'm not like I'm, But like, no, but like, because I was never fucking close with that pizza. Yeah. I'm such a's I didn't mean That. Well he's, well now he's rolling back on some of it too because He's Yeah, because I know him. Yeah. He's talking to Todd. I know. And so it's like, now imagine I cut someone off and then you go become friends with him again. Do You know what I'm saying? I One a hundred percent. Yeah. I'm, I'm honestly being a little facetious and kind of dramatic here, but I mean, yeah, I guess it was easier for Me.


Fuck the drama for a second. You have to go, you have to go to the airport. I have to piss really bad. Where are you going right now? And then when are your next tour spots Stops? I am going to Hawaii right now to Kick it. Just to chill. We're about to tour Australia, but I think it's completely sold out, so Whoa. Cool. Can I, have you been there yet? Yes. I love it. It Australia is the coolest place on the planet. I love it. It is one of the coolest places ever. And the YouTube audience there is Diabolical. I know. And it's really cool. Like it's just the Austra, they're crazy. They're super crazy and wild and it's gonna be a lot of fun. I'm excited. This is kind of my last hurrah in the touring world, at least for 2025. Maybe a little bit of 2026. So I'm just gonna put it all fucking out there.


So exciting. Slay Queen. No serious Girl. Queen Pus, Santa Mojo, ladies and gentlemen. Hey. Hey. I love you guys. I love you Tana. Thank you so much. Thank you for coming. This is always so fun. Honestly, The only podcast I would stop at on my way to L la X. That's insane. I fucking love you guys so Much. Thank you. We're fucking blessed. Thank you. And Thank you for having me. I can't Wait to see you at the wedding. It's Gonna be crazy. Oh God. I'm like insane. Wow, we didn't even talk about that. I have a lot to say. It's so wild. It's gonna Be crazy. It is gonna be wild.