
He's the best boxer in The world. Terence Crawford. Yeah. Ryan Garcia. It's pretty clear that he's tangled Up for you to call yourself a friend, a brother, to watch a man like that. Self-destruct. What type of friend are you? You Have been shot and you drove yourself to the hospital. Something Was in the water that day. Something Was in your leg that day. What's That? Is like the dopest picture and like bromo that we've ever done. Even my kid. 'cause they love Prime. They was just like, you got a prime James, I'm about to have a kid. You got any advice for him? Ooh, He having a daughter. So oof. Go say that, bro. What's different? Let me ask you something. Is Jake Paul boxing?


Come on man. You can, you can take the heat. You arrested? Yeah. There's heat now. Two people that turn the off. I get hot, I get hot. sl wwe. No, I get hustle sld. I'll run hot. Turn that off. No, wait, hold on. Because Two verse one and one of 'em is a boxer, Bro. Hey, what's a good, what's he gonna do bro? I'll show you, bro. You ever heard of whooping feet? You about to find out, bro. Alright, here we are. I'm late. Yeah, I'm late. Terrence was here. He was here. Well, 'cause you live here. Yeah. And you're from here For Sure. And you're a professional. Definitely. I'm Taking notes. Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome, back to Impulse, the number one podcast in The world. Thank you for listening, watching, viewing, and subscribe. If you're not subscribe, boom. Hit that button for me. Ladies and gentlemen, in the house we have, I'm gonna say it.


He's the best boxer in The world. 2024 sb. Best boxer in The world. I didn't introduce Him. It's like the lead up. Like you. Everybody gets loud and then we go crazy at the end. 2024 sb best boxer. He's 40 and oh welterweight. Champion of The world. Ladies and gentlemen. Terence Crawford. Yeah. Hell yeah. Up. It is a honor and a pleasure to be in your domain. Thank you for having us here. Appreciate it man. Thanks for pulling up on me. Yeah, Yeah, of course. I'm sorry that your team didn't provide you with a better seating arrangement. It's not their fault. Well Is it. They don't do say, we brought You a Rollie chair.


Dude, I've Never seen something this before, bro. Hey man. That's Crazy, man. This chair. Comfortable man. And Honestly, bro, honestly, this environment's fantastic. I'm, I'm, I'm sick of that sign, dude. We're done with it. We're done with it. I don't like, I don't like the sign anymore. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's not, wait, We're like in gen. Are we done with it in general? Wait, are you serious? I'm, I'm done with it. We dropped like 3,300 on that shit. That Is way too expensive. No, that's Not true. It wasn't that much. You came to WWE e last night in your hometown. What'd you think? Oh man, it was awesome. It was a great experience. It was a dream come true for a little kid that grew up watching wwe s Yeah. Yeah.


And try to practice all the moves on your cousin. Yeah. Yeah. Your friends and stuff. And did Your kids enjoy it? Oh, they loved it. They loved it. Every time WWE come to Omaha, they, they go and support. You had a squad. Yeah. You had a, you had an army with you. It's like they wasn't gonna let me go without them. Do you roll that deep? All the time. I saw two sprinter vans. Man, how many Crawfords are there? It's a lie. Yeah. Evidently. You have how many kids? Seven. You have the three boys I saw last night. Four Boys and three girls. Oh my God. Which one, which ones are more troubling to All of them? They all pick up after each other.


Yeah. How did, how did having kids change your life? Oh man, it changed my life full term. You know, when I had my first son, I was just so excited and, and, and happy. I was just like, man, I ain't kicking it with y'all like that no more. Right. I Got. Is that the vibe? Yeah. Yeah. Your priorities change, I Imagine. Yeah, definitely. Man. I Got. 'cause the lifestyle I was living like, you don't know if you gonna be here tomorrow, you know? So it was just like, man, I Got. Something to live for. Now. Can you talk about that lifestyle you were living? Because I, I actually just got informed the other day after the attempted assassination on President Trump that you too have been shot and you drove yourself to the hospital and waited like five hours before they even saw you.


Yeah, it was, it was crazy. don don't know something. Something was in the water that day. 'cause yeah, there was a lot of people. Something was in your leg that day Too. Where? Where'd you get hit? In the Neck. Neck. Oh yeah. That's the bat spot. Dude. The neck. I Got hit. It's a rough spot to get hit. Dude in the bottom of the head, You know. But it was more people in the ER with more severe injuries than I I had What could, what could be more severe than that? Man? It was, man, it was so many people coming to the er man. Like jacked up from all different kinds of, some Wasn't the water? Well, Thayers is life threatening. You, you gonna be all right? We're gonna hold off.


That was here in Omaha. Yeah. Is does Omaha get down a little bit? Like, is there like some rough spots? Man, you in one of them, Right? Oh, right now. North Omaha. Oh yeah, definitely. You wanna take This off? So you, okay, so then yeah, you want to I put this on today thinking I was taking a risk, but yeah, Dude, we're, we're fine in here, bro. What the hell are they gonna do in front of Terrance? Ah, It's cool, man. That's true. I feel like we're with you. We're okay. North re Cool. But you know, it has this ups and downs and pretty much people don't bother people. They don't know too much. But it's all about personal beef. Who, Well, who shot you? Should we go get 'em? I don't know who shot 'em.


Oh, you still don't know M no interest in pursuing them. Not at all. Hitting 'em with a little 1, 2, 3. Yeah. He's gonna, now he's gonna box 'em. Yes, exactly. Challenge to a dual. A boxing bullets. W well what, what did happen like this? I guess going back to the question is this, this, this lifestyle you were living? That y that you're saying, Man, it's, it Is it is behind me now. Mm. So I really Too much don't care to talk about it. Yeah. Really. You know my life has changed, changed dramatically. I'm in a way different mental space. Mm.


I'm a different person. And on top of that, like God has blessed me with a second chance, second, third chance. So, you know, I just like to be more positive and look towards the future. Then to look in the rear view. I Love that you got, do you have any vices? Like last night I drove across state lines here to Iowa to gamble At the Harris Casino. Yeah. Yeah. That was a man gambling in Iowa is very different than gambling in Vegas. I assume you would. I did. Yeah. Well, I had a little come up. It wasn't very much How much? A couple hundred. It was like a couple thousand. It was decent. That's, but I know, but you knew any of that type of stuff. You like to I don't gamble nothing. No, I'm, I'm, I'm kind of like a lame man.


I don. I don't gamble. don don't party. don don't drink. I ain't never smoked no nothing. Oh, that's, oh, that's good though. Yeah. It was just always, It's all bad for you, bro. Yeah, I, I've never met a person who is the best in The world at what they do. That does do that stuff. Right. They, they're, they're, they're siloed. Well, Well Mike Tyson was pretty, I was about, But he was, he's not the best in The world. Not right now. And he has five losses. He was Only person, I can honestly say besides the party. And was Floyd Mayweather 'cause he didn't drink or smoke. Yep. But he'll party, but he'll go run six miles after he'll party at four o'clock in the morning and Then Yeah. But party sober as well.


I never understood that. I, I, I have a hard time being social if I'm not at least like drinking. Have You tried roller skating? Is you comfortable? That's Floyd's favorite thing. He loves that. He loves roller skating, Dude. I do too. Do You, do you, do you Skate? Yeah, definitely. Oh, you can, you do like, like Moves and shit. I ain't the best. I ain't the best. Oh really? I can skate. Yeah. Backwards and forward. Oh, that's impressive. Got it. So you said you can't be social without having a dream. So my question to you is, is you comfortable in your own skin For Sure? My my issue is I don't like people. Right. I, I, I, I I, in my aging, I noticed that I like people less.


I think. 'cause like I have my friends now in my circle and, and, and just my people that I love and I trust. And I think I've also been like bit too many times and just like betrayed, stabbed in the back. And Now, I have just a nasty taste in my mouth about people. And I think I've become jaded to, to social groups. 'cause it's like, what am I doing here? What am I actually doing? Is it for fun. I have fun, hang out with Mike and listening to him, the app. I have fun making jokes with my fiance and, and messing around the house. And like you mentioned earlier, like, I'm about to have a kid. You know, I'm, I'm, my priorities are gonna totally shift when, when that baby girl comes, you are you going to, are you, are you gonna catch me out?


Like hanging out? Yeah. don don't wanna hang out with you people. I, Got, a daughter You know You got any advice for him on the first kid? Yeah. Help. Ooh, He having a daughter. So whoof Good sick to that bro. It's different. It's different. Like my, my first daughter, like, she like ripped my heart outta my chest. Oh, That's what everybody Says. Like still to this day, it's like you can't tell him. No. It's like your son, you can push him down, be like, man, watch out little dude. I see you do that to your son yesterday. Not push him down, but he was, he was saying something you like, nah bro. Chill, chill, chill. Yeah. But your daughter is just like, she looking at you with them puppy eyes. You like, oh, all right. Give it to her. Oh God So funny. I'm like coming up with like parenting tactics in my head.


I'm like, I'm gonna raise her like this and do, and then I know this is gonna happen. She's she's Gonna raise you, bro. It's gonna, Oh, they definitely, they definitely get bossy. And it's, it's something different than with a, a young boy, a boy You know. I mean, you feel like you the boss, but then when that girl started getting that attitude and start talking back and start talking to you, you be like, all right. I think she's in charge. Right. I'm fine with that. I mean, seven kids is a lot. Is, is is part of you, you love being a dad. You like the idea of a legacy. You like the idea or, or the feeling that children give you. They, they perhaps give you a sense of purpose.


I know that's why a lot of people procreate. you know, they say it's one of the best things you can do as a human. Yeah. I, I love all of it. I love everything about being a father. You know I wanted the big family, so my goal was to just keep shooting them out. Yeah, you did. you know. And mission Accomplished. You know, I as a, as a single son, I had two older sisters. I hated it. I'm like, man, I, I ain't got no brothers to grow up with. I ain't got no, you know, road dog. But my cousins and they gotta go home some times. Theyll spend the night. But You know, it was different.


Like, I wanted my kids to grow up and have each other. Like, y'all don't need no friends because friends change like the weather. You know. But your family, they gonna always be there for you no matter what. Win, lose or draw. So I just always wanted to have a big family to where everybody can have each other. When somebody is, is lacking something or somebody need somebody to call on, call your brother. Call your sister You know. And it keep you young too. You know, chasing, chasing your little babies around and doing things with 'em and going places with 'em. Experiencing life outside of your daily, daily job.


And You know, just having fun with 'em is, is a blessing man. That's a strong case. Dude. You got me thinking about it now. Ooh. Maybe not. Something I am thinking about is August 3rd. Eddie Hearn is saying that the, the biggest night of boxing America's ever seen about this card. Yes. What, why, what's he said? There's so much depth to the card. What I just, I think the reason why everyone is saying this is the biggest card because you got probably four fights that can be main events and its own card separately. All on one card. Yep.


So when you bring a lot of talent to one card that has never been done before. Everybody's excited about it. You get nervous anymore. I get nervous all the time. I was nervous yesterday. Oh Really? Yeah. Just handed Cody a chair. Yeah. I was nervous doing the, the warmups. I was nervous through the whole thing. Can't tell until I walked out. Yeah. Once I started walking out, it was like, alright, this your time. Well, you have such a, such a chill demeanor. you know, you're, you're kind of hard to read. And I imagine if you're boxing you, it's gotta be like, pretty scary.


You're UNDEFEATED well, you, well you, you, you, I see you, I see you vibing before and then there's a moment where you like, lock in Yeah. To what's about to be done. And you have to be pretty confident at this point, you know, no losses. Like statistically it's impossible to beat you. Well, you know, I I I've been working my tail off since I was seven years old in multiple sports. So being undersized and going against bigger guys, taller guys, stronger guys. Your whole life you tend to have that chip on your shoulder that I'm gonna outwork you just 'cause you bigger than me.


That don't mean you, you better or that don't mean you're gonna win. So coming up, I had to always do the extra. I had to always go the extra mile. I always had to go the hardest because I was the smallest. I didn't start growing till I was in the 11th grade. You know. And here I am now doing the same thing in the sport of boxing. Always being the guy that they say, oh, he's too small or he's too little or he's not strong enough, or he's not this, he not that. And I still carry that chip on my shoulder. Are they still saying that after the last fight? I feel like that's quieted down a little bit.


Well, You know, they still saying it today. You know I'm fighting the guy that's naturally a bigger guy. Yep. I'm moving up in weight. Never been to this weight before. He's massive You know he's a threat. And everybody is curious how many steps I can climb without hitting that, that, that that wall. Mm. You know, coming from 1 35 to 1 54 is a big jump. Big jump. That's for weight classes. So everybody's just excited and want to tune in just to see how well I'm gonna perform in this weight division. When I watch you, you look like a tactician.


Like you are such a skilled boxer. How much of you fights from the idea that you're playing chess with your fists? You wanna be strategic and outsmart your opponent. Exploit their weaknesses and utilize your strengths. And how much of you has that Mike Tyson kind of killer energy You know like, I'm gonna flip the switch and I am aiming to hurt you very badly. I think I think a little bit of both. You know sometimes I get in there and I be technical and try to figure a guy out and, and see where I can land my openings at.


And sometimes I might just be like, all right, lemme go try to knock this dude head off. Yeah, my coach maybe ha have to calm me down or tell me that's not the fight that we wanna fight. But you know, sometimes you get in that groove and it's no turning back. It's me or you. I don't don don't like see that in you though. That's you, you're so nice and like soft spoken and like you again, you look so calm all the time and then you just get in this ring and like something happens. you know? And, and, and, and people say for me, like one of the critiques about me versus my brother, 'cause You know people always compare us is like, they say that he has that killer instinct and I have it.


I just don't think it's as easy for me to like summon as Jake. Like he has it right on the surface. He, he, he, he wants to, he wants to kill me ever. Like everybody. And I just wonder how, how i, how important that is in boxing. It's very important, you know? Yeah. Maybe That's why I'm ow 15 0 16 To have that fire, to have that fire in your stomach to where you at that point of time, you really don't care. Yeah. If you hurt him or not, you want to hurt him. Mm. Because you wanna win that bad. Mm. And you understand that it's a fight and they want to do the same to you. Yeah.


So there's no friends in boxing. Mm. There's no friends in the ring. You know you might have friends outside the ring, but once you step in that ring, your life is on the line. Yeah. Yeah. You know, one punch can end your career. So you don't want to go in there playing around. You don't want go in there not taking things serious because serious things can happen. There's a lot of fighters that suffering today from trauma that they experienced in the ring 20 years ago. And that's just catching up to 'em. So going in the ring and in a boxing match, you typically don't leave the ring the same. How can you, You can't.


Yeah. When you're getting punched in the brain, when the brain is not made to be punched on repeatedly, You know you going to, you going to have some type of damage. Whether you see it today or not Whether, you feel like, oh, I'm good. Like you'll You know. You'll notice it years down the line. So look what you just said is a sacrifice that I'm not super willing to make, which I think is why I've chosen to let my brother be the boxer in the family. He's obviously like better at it than I am. And, and I can do it. But I, I, I really believe that the one asset that I do have is my brain.


And I think I kind of just decided that I, I don don't, don don't wanna like, take that damage and potentially suffered those long-term consequences that you get from boxing. That's a, that's a decision that you obviously had to make at some point. And it's not like you're so good that you're not taking extreme amounts of damage. But at what point did you decide, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna risk my, my my, my physical health, my mental health, my, my brain You know the, the organ that controls my body because this is the career I wanna do because I love it. Whew man. Boxing chose me when I was a little kid.


My dad used to always tell me I was a million dollar baby. I came out with my hands balled up mean as ever. You know, I started boxing at seven. I didn't have no other outlet. I didn't, I never was good in school. I was too short for basketball. I was too little for football. I didn't like wrestling like that. So it's like, okay, another thing that I'm good at that I can fight people my size, my weight is boxing. So when I came back to boxing in 2002, I was very serious about it. I won the nationals and started traveling The world and just fell in love with the sport You know, at first I was boxing because that was something to do.


I didn't have nothing to do. I love fighting. So the owner of the gym, well rally all the little kids up in the neighborhood in the van and take us to the gym and we'd box and we would go sell R for tickets. And they had talent shows down there and sing and dance. And it was a community center where We can just go and hang out and have something to do. When I came back, it was a totally different mindset. I was, I was serious about it. I was focused traveling The world made me open up my eyes to where I was like, man, I can take this farther than where I'm at.


Now I probably can be a professional boxer. And at that time, my first dream was just to be a champion, be the first champion from Omaha, Nebraska. And I secured that 2014. I felt bad after I asked you yesterday we were in that arena. I was like, you ever perform here man? You're like, bro, I sell this place out all the time. That's my home. I should have realized. So how did I feel like for people who are ultra successful in their vertical, they reach a point where eventually they, they have it all. You know you have the money, you have the fame, you're the best.


How do you stay on the right path? 'cause we've seen it time and time and time again, especially with athletes. 'cause when, when you're on top, you start really feeling like the king of The world. And you can exercise that power, whether it's access women, c cars and, and anything that that that makes you feel and look cool, drinking, partying, You know. Why, why did you stay on that, that right path and how, Because I'm a type of person that looks at history when I'm in the sport. I just look at all the people that came before me and the things that they did that was Stupid Stumping something that led them to be in a situation that they in now.


Mm. And I just always told myself like, I'm not gonna be like him. Mm. I'm not gonna be like him. I'm not gonna be like him. Mm. I'm gonna invest my money. I'm gonna save my money. I can have fun after my career. Mm. But right now in this grind time, You know I was talking to this, to this guy in school. I forgot his name. And he always said, we have a choice whether we want to live and party and have fun. Now, when you younger or when you are older, you gotta decide which one. Because if you, if you have fun and party and do all the things when you young, you gonna be working when you older or do you want to It's it's a, we it's like a weird like catch 22 though.


Because if you don't do it when you're younger, some of the other factors in life such as children and marriage and work and all those things might prevent you from doing it when you're older. You know what I'm saying? Like a lot of most people I feel like choose to get it out of the way. Yeah. For me, like I just made it all life thing. Like my whole time. I didn't just choose one or the other. I just, Just You got it. That's his life. And I'm on a side quest bro. I don't even have a mission bro. I'm just out here. I'm just out here in Iowa And one in the, Well right now I'm in Nebraska, but last night I was in Iowa And one in, in some point of time, you're gonna have to make a sacrifice for Sure. You're gonna have to grind. Yeah. I don't care who you is, what you do, how powerful you is.


But if you ask any successful person, they didn't sacrifice. They family, they time they energy into their craft. I don't care if you mark Zuckerberg, Elon, Musk, those guys they probably You know, have different relationship with they kids because they put they job and they business everything First. Elon Musk sleeps in his office. Still what I'm saying, on a tiny couch. And he's got like 11 kids. Yeah. And I would never wanna live like that. You know. I would want to have Balance The, the time with my kids that I have. I never miss anything.


I don't care if I'm in training camp trainer for Floyd, Mayweather, Mike, Tyson. If my kid's having a birthday, I'm leaving. Yeah. I'm coming back, but I'm leaving. I'm gonna be there. 'cause my kid is gonna always remember that Dad was always there no matter what. Mm. Do you do you try to instill that focus and work ethic onto any of the younger guys in your, in your, you know, in your discipline. Because You know, we look at a, a really popular story right now of someone like a Ryan Garcia who, you know, has a ton of promise, a ton of potential, but it's pretty clear that he's tangled up in some evils and some demons right now, do you ever try to reach out to people like that and, and kind of set him straight?


Nah, not really. You know, I don't have a relationship with him like that. So that's not my place. That's the guys that's around him. For you to call yourself a friend, a brother, a cousin, to watch a man like that self-destruct, what type of friend are you? A hundred Percent You. know anything that I do that's going to challenge me to anything negative or lead me down the wrong path. There's not one person in my camp right now that wouldn't grab me and be like, Hey, you ain't doing that.


Mm. Or nah ain't, or don't say that. Or man, take that down You. know what I mean? You tripping You know what I mean? Rather, rather I agree with 'em or not. It's now, and it's a argument with them because they care about me so much. It's like, all right, well I'm gonna take the fire because you wrong and I'm gonna tell you wrong and I'm not gonna let you be wrong because I love you that much. That if you going to fight somebody, you gonna fight me over this right now. Mm. And that's everybody in my camp, no matter who it is. Does That happen often or do they, or is is your conviction so strong that for the most part, like when you say, when you say, I want Canelo, right, I really want Canelo.


I can, I can do this. Is there anybody in the camp that that would say like, like, you're not ready for this or anything like that? Or do they tr do for the most part? Do they trust your conviction on pretty much everything? Of course they trust, they trust me. But at the same time, you know, they want to gimme the, the right criticism. Like now that's a big boy. He's strong. You know you, you box good, you can do this. You, you, you got this over him. You gonna have to tighten up this, you gonna have to do this. You know it's a conversation. It's not just, oh man, you a whoop his, you'll do this to him. You, it's never Like that Yes man type stuff. I mean it's like, hey listen, You know that's a dangerous fight. You know. But that's The fight. If, If, if it happened, You know you can win, but you gonna have to be on your AA game.


So are you, are you like in your mind, you, I'm sure you take every fight individually and you're looking at this fight on August 3rd, You know that's the only fight you're looking at. But in, in a small way, is this a stepping stone to your dream fight? Not Ne never. Okay. Never. I don't, I don't look at fights as stepping stones. 'cause it's, it's about now. Yep. I might not wake up tomorrow. You know. So I don't ever like to think ahead. you know, my main focus is August 3rd. I'm not worried about Canelo, I'm not thinking about Canelo. I'm just focused on Israel mammal Another guy on the card, Andy Ruiz, Jr. He had originally been a pretty like staun staunchly against the idea of you and Canelo.


And now has like, since kind of done this like about face and is like, dude, like this is his time. This is Crawford's time to like, to like match up. What's your relationship like with Andy? Do you, do you guys speak at All? Oh, me, Andy is cool. You know we was once promoted by the same promoter. Yep. Andy fought on a couple of my under cards. He actually fought on one of my under cars here in Omaha. So I'm very familiar with Andy. My family know Andy. He's always been a, a good person and I wish him nothing but success. Why did they call you Bud? My mom named me that when I was, I couldn't even remember.


I was a little kid. She said people was calling me Bud when I was a little kid. She was like, no, I'll call him Bud. 'cause how you get Bud outta Terrence? Yeah. Everyone, everyone started calling you T Budd. I was like T Bud t It's cool. You everyone, you're the you you're Bud. Yeah, I don. don don't got a nickname. They call me logs. Who know? Who calls you that? Who? Who named you that? No, no. Like Nina will say like logs Or Logs. Okay. Yeah. People used, I feel like people used to say it more Log they do your mom and dads. Yeah, a little bit. It's a Piece of wood. I like what you were saying earlier about the people around you.


It's such it, it is such a blessing to have that type of group because especially when there's someone who's successful, like kind of at the center of it, it oftentimes you'll be surrounded by people who just ain't the please You know. We, we call 'em Yes men. And I'm happy for you that you, it sounds like have had those people around you for a while. 'cause it took me a minute, man. It took me a minute to get like the group I have now. And, and, and someone, like the guy you mentioned earlier is like, it, it's, it's, it's not always easy to find your people You know and stick with them. Like that's definitely one of the probably biggest blessings you've had. It's hard.


And, and, and it's hard. You just don't know who to trust. And I'm sure you've had people let you down. I'm sure you've had to let people go move on and, and find like working relationships with these people. You, you are like, at least what I, what I tell people like the best in The world. Do do your, do your kids know that? Do they like know like how good you are or what you do and are are, are you like a hero to them? Oh, of course. You know, especially my boys. You know they YouTube. YouTube, YouTube, everything. Yeah. They asked me to call Speed and Kai stop 40 times yesterday. That's what you told 'em to chill on? Yeah. They, he's like, please call Speed. They, they, they YouTube everything and they do it so much.


I get mad like, man, turn off YouTube. Yeah. you know, do something else. Go outside, go pick up a book or something. Yeah. You know. But yeah, they, I think they know to a certain extent, but I don't know how big they think it is Because they're or they know they're still young. Yeah. Yeah. Because sometimes I gotta remind myself like I just walk around. I'm a normal person in my, in my eyes. That's how I stay humble. You know. I I don't go Uber Eats don. Don't look at The Cherry. Right. People to Wait hot Uber. What's wrong with Uber Eats? No, no, no. I'm just saying I, anything I do, I go do it myself.


You go get It. You go. You I You won't get Uber Eats. No, I'm saying I don't have Uber Eats No way. I go out to eat. He's about to get a sponsorship or Postmates. Nothing. Nah, Nothing. That's, That's humble. What's your favorite food? That's humble. What do you like to eat? I like The, I like pasta. Oh you do? Yeah. Yeah. Like that's good for going up weight classes. That's for Sure. That'll help you. Yeah. But anything I do, like, I don't send somebody to the store with a grocery list. Like I'm always in the grocery store. So What is It about Omaha that does that? You like, you look at the biggest story outta Omaha, humility of all time. Warren Buffet, who, like this dude has like classically always been so humble.


They asked him like what credit card he carries and it was just like that Green American Express card, like the most basic edition You know Chill houses, chill steak houses like we were talking about earlier. What is it about Omaha? Is it, Is it like how you're raised here, like What, is it? Yeah, I think it's how we raised and you know, not getting too caught up in hype You know all those things that people do and, and, and whatnot is for attention. Like you not different than me. Our, our bank accounts may be different, but I'm no different than you. I bleed just like you. I'm a regular person, just like you. And if I walk down the street and I don't have no followers and you walk down the street and you don't have no followers or cameras around you, what makes you different than me?


Well, You, you could beat the shit outta anyone. Listen. Just because, just because I'm a professional boxer, that doesn't mean I can beat the shit outta any, everyone. There's some people that's walking on the streets that probably whoop my ass. Like who? Different disciplines. I'm just saying like MMA maybe. No, I'm just saying just a regular Joe Blow. You never know. It only take one punch and only take one punch, one Lucky punch, one lucky Punch, you know? And there's some people that just got brute strength from birth like Neil You. know what I mean? Look at the size of that guy. He's big and from the uk Yeah. And he gets Hangry.


But, but it's, it's it's things like that. Like you got, you gotta watch out But you're just, you're also just not a boxer dude. You've, you've, you've crossed over, you're a hybrid. You're a, a man of culture. I gotta ask you about this Kdot mention I have to bro, like, walk me through this. So like, you wake up one day and you're just in the middle of the biggest hip hop beef in over 20 years. Like how did that happen? I woke up to like 20, 30 messages. Like, did you hear that? Are you okay Doc? Did he turn his on, turn his on? I'm like, what is y'all talking about?


I'm listening. He's Terra Storm and I'm Terrance Crowd bro. Man I'm with Fich. I'm like, oh that's cool. You know. That's cool Man. It ain't been at first, it ain't the first time I been in a, in a song and whatnot. So I, But that's a song I was just like, oh, that's cool. You know I appreciate the support You know that just lets me know on another scale how far I done came You know to where these big artists started noticing me. Well they been noticing me. 'cause every place that I ever been to people that I'm fans of knew who I was and was fans of me.


And it was just like, dang, That's how you know. Yeah, Yeah. Going to like basketball games, seeing Ice Cube, seeing Iversson and, and You know Dr. Dre and like everybody, I'm just like, Whoa this dude a fan of me. Like I'm a fan of you but you a fan of me and You know me just like I know you and people have pulled me to the side like, dude, you the LeBron James of boxing like you a hundred percent on that level. Like there's levels in each and every sport. So when we talking basketball, you got the Currys, the LeBron James at the top of the food chain in NBA.


When you're talking football, you got the Mahomes, the Tom Bradys and all those great football players. You right up there with the Tom Bradys and Mahomes and you may rather and Mike Tyson them. I'm like, yeah, but don don't know. I don't feel like it sometimes because I'm just so humble and I just carry myself in a different way than all those greats did because they had the big entourages You know they had the the expensive cars and one of rock the jewelry and the girls around them and just so much bling to 'em.


And here I am. I'm just so cool, chill, mellow. I'm like, I'm just me. You know. Just getting your own pasta. Yeah. So sometimes I just at the grocery store. Grocery store. Like bro, if you're shopping at a grocery store, you just look to the left and there's Terrance Cooper with his cart grabbing a head of lettuce doing in his cart. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. So that was the line after that, by the way, was like, 'cause this is was in the beginning of the, of the saga, right? This was like song two maybe or so, whatever. And he was like, this ain't personal. It's a friendly fate. Let's try to keep it that way. Right. And that was the next line in the song. Do you think Drake should have listened to him? Don Don't know man.


Drake. Drake is a, a great artist. Kendrick is a great artist. I'm the type of person that I was raised. Maya your business. Yep. You know that's between two grown men. Whatever they got going on. It's not my business. I don't comment on it and I don't reply on it. And I just let it, let it be so You're not warming up to not like us. 'cause I see a lot of people, like, I think Drake is gonna come back very soon and he's gonna be very angry at a lot of people because there's been a lot of videos of people warming up, LeBron singing every lyric, every lyric to not like us.


LeBron Drake loves you. It's a he loves you now. It's A great song. It's a hype song. I don't think Drake can take it personal because in the hip hop industry, it's a, it's a, it's a catchy song. you know, I'm pretty sure we all then, you know, you got hyped on the song You know. I know I have You know, but I don't have no ill will feelings towards Drake or anything like that. I think he's a, a great artist. But you can't, you can't knock the song as it's catchy. And it's, and it's, and it's hot right now. I'm still in la and it, for LA is a moment, like a real moment in like hip hop history right now in la It's, it was a like an important moment.


A big moment. Did You know, did You know what Whooping feet was? Did you, was that a term that you would use? Nah, nah. Did you, did you go straight from like those text messages right over to like What, is it Urban Dictionary? I was just like, man, what the Feet? It's some, it's LA shit. What, What, what does that mean? It means just beat somebody's ass out The shoes. Yeah. It's like, oh That's, that's, I Didn't, I didn't know either. I'd look it up myself. Dude, I Beat somebody up, but I figured that. Yeah, yeah. You know when you say, yeah, I'm whipping feet. And I'm like, all right, well why you say whooping feet? You know, we, we, we definitely smashing people. Yeah, Yeah. For Sure. Bro. Your humility is crazy. It's crazy. I wanna say it's inspiring.


I just don't think I'm capable of it. don don't think I'm ca look you I Got a I Got a match on August 3rd as well. I'm gonna be humble about it. I'm gonna beat La Night's ass You know in Cleveland, my hometown. And, and and the way you, especially you've infiltrated culture like we're talking about is I think a, a sign of how dedicated you are to your craft. You got so good at something. It it, it, it was forced to captivate people You know, like, man, we we, something came across my desk one day. don don't have a desk 'cause I'm a, a YouTuber, but my proverbial desk and, and it, we got the opportunity to to sponsor Terence Crawford with Prime.


I'm like, how? Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Who the fuck do You think you fucking do? It is immediate. Yes. Right. And then, and then we, we we got our assets. We got you the chain. And, and I'm watching the fight that night. Eh, you're Eminem Eminem's walking you out. I'm like, I Jesus, you, you have you have infiltrated culture in such a fascinating way considering how like humble and low key you are. But it's so cool 'cause it, it's indicative of the idea that if you just stay in your lane and put your head down and make that commitment to become the best at what you do, you will get recognized.


You don't have to have all the bravado and the flashy and the cars and everything to, to, to be respected by people who are also great. And I'm sure you've had many moments now that you've mentioned where these people are acknowledging you and, and it's just like, yo, like when you're walking out Eminem like one of the greatest rappers of all time is, is, is is is singing next. Like what's going through your mind? Do you understand how cool that is? Like as a fan of you and Eminem to see that happening? Definitely You know that was one for the ages. Definitely history in the making, you know. But I was always taught, told I don't have a personality.


I was always told that I can't sell. I was always told so many negative things along the way to the top. But my thing was always, why do I gotta change who I am to be something that I'm not? I'm real, I'm authentic. I don't want to be like this guy. I don't want to be like that guy. I wanna be like me. Why Is it that when black fighters come on the scene, they gotta act out of character. Why? They just can't be a, a cool guy or mellow guy or, or a guy that stands on business and morals and who he really is.


I'm excited in the Ring You know. So I don't have to have this extra curricular things going on outside of the ring to bring attention to me in the ring. Now if you, my promoter, you supposed to promote me. Mm. My job is to go out there and knock heads off whoop feet. You know your job is to promote me. But when you look at the numbers and you see the things that I have accomplished, you can't say I can't sell because the guys that you promoting, I'm selling 10 times more than they.


They is. But you promoting them. But you saying that I need to start doing more promote, promoting and they can't even speak English. Yeah. So it'd be, it'd be, it'd be hard sometimes. But I took it on the chin. Everything came full circle and everything happened for a reason. And I'm just so happy that it happened the way it did because it's part of my story. It's, it's, it's admirable man. Like you, you, you didn't sacrifice your identity to sell your soul. you know? And You know, I can't say the same take away Illuminati bots.


No, I'm just kidding. But, but, but no, in a sense like I, when I was growing up and I wanted to like be great, whatever that meant for like a kid who liked making videos, I definitely, at least in my early twenties would, would try to like, emulate people that I thought were like cool and, and had the things that I wanted. And it wasn't until I was, I was 26 where I like kind of found myself and I, and I and I realized like, okay, I I can probably just be myself and that that's enough. Yes. Yes. And That, that revelation man, I hope, I hope everyone eventually reaches it. 'cause it's such a, it's such an amazing feeling to just be who you are and be confident in that and in your own skin.


And we sit with a lot of people. You're very, you're very unique in, in, in, in, in your hu humility and ability. Like, like the reason why you are, you don't have to go out there and and do the, the Conor McGregor bravado is 'cause you are so good at your craft. Yeah. you know, that's what you dedicated yourself to. And I'm telling you, you know, this, it's just unique. Yeah. It's just unique. There's also like a movement right now, strangely like that coincides like perfectly from a timing standpoint with what you're doing for this more conservative, morally driven You know return religion to social media and to, and to promo from a promotional capability standpoint.


My whole life, ever since I was, I grew up watching rock stars, hip hop stars, athletes driving Mercedes surrounded by, by You know tons of chicks, throwing money in the club, all that shit. That was the only way, that was the only way up there was very few, like very few people like you like, but right now, at this moment, your major part of like your come up is kind of really con coinciding with this new conservative movement. And I think that's gonna help you a lot. I think there's a lot of people out there who enjoy the idea of there being a, a, a morally focused, You know, family focused champion in The world.


So I think now is the perfect time for you to be at the top of The world. Yeah. You gotta you gotta think, you know, trendsetter, you, you, you look at one individual and you see the type of things that they doing and you say, alright, well, where they get it from? And then you look at where they got it from and then he'd be like, all right, well he started that. So if he wouldn't have never started that, then it probably be, wouldn't be so popular, you know? But going around acting like something that you not in my eyes in my mind, could lead you into a lot of trouble because now you gotta spend all this money on all these securities and now people don't like you.


People hate you just by you putting on an act in the show. It may not even be for real. you know, you just, you just trying to You know market yourself in a way to where people wanna pay to see you lose. Or people just want to tune in because you got a big mouth or whatever, but you don't know how personal one may be taking it. So you gotta protect yourself from people you don't even know. And people shooting at you, like, not literally shooting at you, but shooting at you on, on social media. They coming at you and your family and I feel like you're just describing me and my brother. Yeah. It Is, it Is, it Is. it is just a hassle.


You know, you don't, you don't want that negative attention. And then You know, let's say when it's all said and done, You know something happened to you. you know how, how you gonna deal with You know some negative attention. Like say if you lose or now you gotta deal with that, you know, mentally, physically, emotionally is just in my mind I'd be like, man, that would be draining because now all the people that was following you when you was on top, they all gone. It happens all the time. When you look at all these athletes that put on this, this big show, this big costume, right.


I'm, I'm gonna call it costume because it's not them. Yeah. All these people around them, everybody love 'em when they winning. But then when they lose, you start seeing people do this, do this, do this, do this. And then next thing You know, they find theyself in a dark hole because they by theyself and now they gotta go get help. Now they going to drugs or alcohol to co consume. They, they they trauma. Yep. From having The world in they hands and now they don't have nothing. you know? And me, if everybody around me was the go, I'd be comf comfortable with my family.


I'm cool because I never had all the extras around me in the first Place. Such an important lesson. I think humility and just, and and also just like every time you put on that costume that you're talking about, you talk about yourself in a, in a crazy way, it sells fights as a cheat code. Right. It's a cheat code. Definitely get McGregor gets people excited, but man, that's just setting the expectation that you, you might not always hit. And if you just stay humble and keep working and keep winning without all that sideshow bullshit, which is what you've done. It, it, it's just, it just seems like a more You know sustainable effort towards success than, than that that craziness setback.


Crazy. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? If you're, if you're the best, if you're the best, otherwise you gotta, well you're over compensating. You're overcompensating. Exactly. They gotta do. Yeah, you Have to. Yeah. And You know that's, that's the name of the game. You, you splurge on anything. Like you got a cool car or something. Nice house pool. You Got pool something. I'm building a house right now. Big, big Oh you are? Yeah. So it'll be done in October, November In this gen. We don't have to say where but in the general area. Yeah. Will you always stay around here? I always have a house here. Yeah. Yeah. Anywhere else you, you really like going to? I like Colorado Springs. I Got a house in Colorado. But actually that's awesome. Why? Why, why? How did you I just think it's just so peaceful. It's insane. It's so beautiful. you know, Wake up in the morning, you see the deers and You know bears come in my garage and open my refrigerator, steal watermelon and Oh God food and stuff like that.


Oh God. You may see a little bobcat across the street and things like that. I think, I just think it's just so peaceful. The nature and like I love that type of thing. You like, you like nature a lot. Yeah, because I just went to a place this past week, oh He won't shut up about This past. I just went to a place this past week called Banff Bam in Canada. It's outside Calgary. He brought Up a dinner five times yesterday. Are you Gonna go by the way? Are you gonna go Toban? Stop asking me if I'm gonna go to Banff. The, I'm gonna go to Banff. The craziest place I've ever seen the water was like see the color of your shirt? Yeah, that's what the water looks like, dude. Damn. It's the craziest thing. It was so beautiful. You gotta go to Banff dude. Can't you gotta go dude. I'm sorry man. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go to Banff. I know, I, okay, so you gotta a house.


What car you drive? I drive a 24 GMC 2,500 S suv. Oh truck. That's a truck Pickup. Truck. Truck. Yeah. Yeah. That feels like, feels like a solid vehicle. Yeah. You don't like any any like sports car? I Got A demon I Got a Yeah, You do wheelies. I Got. A Monte Carlo. Can you do a wheelie? Yeah, You Can do I, Got dirt bikes, sharp I Got four wheelers Sharp. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just be careful on those I Got Boats. What else you got man? Yeah, but yeah, but they're all, they're all, but they're all like You know you don't have no foreigns. Like it's all American made it, it sounds like. Yeah.


Right. You're just a classic American man that just wants to fight And be humble. I, Got all these cars and don don't even drive 'em. I drive that, that truck. That's my, yeah. Everyday car. Let me ask you something. Is Jake Paul boxing? Yes. I think that answer will shock a lot of people. I Well what did you ask him in the right way? No, no, no, no, no. Not, not like is he, is he actively Boxing? That's what I'm saying. Like did he just answer an objective question? He's boxing You know, at first I was against it and I was just like, man, this dude.


'cause I been, I I've been following y'all with the backyard You know boxing gloves and stuff like that. Oh yeah. So when people was coming at you and your brother negative about boxing, I'm like, man, yeah, them dudes just You know using they YouTube status to come in boxing and make all this money and you got all these boxers that's been doing it they whole life. That doesn't even make close to what they making. I said I think it's disrespectful to the, to, to us in the game You know. But after watching him and seeing the seriousness that he's taken to actually train and like put the focus and attention into sports, I'm like, yeah man, this dude really getting better.


Like he really can fight. And then his last fight, I was there in ringside You know in Puerto Rico. 'cause we had the convention and I'm sitting there and I'm like, man, this dude can punch with that right hand. And I'm like, man, he ain't Messing Around. He ain't just no regular. Something changed. Yeah. Like I'm, I when you see it first, first hand, like he probably wasn't, he ain't fighting no killer, but for, for him it's stepping stones just like any other fighter. Yep. Like a lot of people want Jake Paul to just go in there and fight Alexander Usig You know. But no, you gotta work your way up.


And that's what he's doing. And when I seen him fight live, I, I gained way more respect for him than I already had. He has a fight tonight. Yeah, yeah. We're, yeah, we're gonna be flying there af after this. We have a sendoff for you, right? Yeah. Little hometown sendoff. That that should be fun. And then yeah, we're flying to Tampa to see my brother fight Mike Perry. And, and and, and people are saying that some people are like, this guy's obese. He said that. Well, he's Jake's tough as opponent yet. I'll be shocked if it goes past three rounds. I think e even If he's not a beast, he's he is his toughest opponent yet, right? He's tough That way. He's tough. No, but not even tough. He's his toughest opponent. Who is, who was, I have to imagine Anderson Silva was probably, he's he's good man.


Anderson s how old, how Old was Silva when he fought Jake? I don know because Perry's what? 30 I. don know, But it's, how old is Terry? It's 33, I think. But it's, it's what he said. It's like it, J Jake has to be strategic about his path in boxing for Sure. And he is, he's doing two things that are really impressive. I think I'm biased. But he's, he's making a fantastic living. He's making money by selling fights and convincing people to watch him and tune in. And he's fighting people that every time there is a percentage of people that think he's gonna lose Yeah. And that's what you need. Like, like I don't think there's been one fight where everyone's like, Jake Paul is guaranteed to win. you know? And then hopefully, at least his goal is to be the best in The world to be a champion like you one day.


And man, you mentioned it, he puts in the work. It is all he does actually. Like, actually yeah. And something changed. You mentioned something changed. We're like, man, I'd be watching him hit the bag now. And like, he's really a boxer. And I, I think tonight, I think tonight against Mike Perry. We'll see how this ages, I think people are gonna see a side of Jake Paul they didn't know existed. Yeah. I, I, I, because in his last fight, the one you were at, don, don't, I don't know what happened there. You, you didn't really get to see much. You know you saw him swinging, but the guy kind of like duck and kind of fell. You felt that power. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think, I think because Mike Perry is tough, You know mil being active, acting my coach, my coach always says like, we love fighting tough guys.


Yeah. Because you ain't gonna let you hit 'em. Yeah. And then they're gonna get damaged. Yeah. Like repeatedly a lot. And I think it's gonna be a devastating knockout. Yeah. If I could bet, I bet I'm better if I could bet. Wow. I guess I can. I guess I can. Yeah, you can. I can. Because it's in Florida. Yeah. All right. Are you going to I would if I could. Yeah. But After sitting with him, I don't want to do any of that type of stuff. Yeah. I'm, I'm reformed bro. I'm trying to go to go to tomorrow, Sunday. We can probably find a church in Florida to go to. I I'll go to a church. Probably wouldn't be a bad idea. You know. I brought you your PRIME Chain. Did you? Yeah. Oh, you did? No way, No Way. When they called me, they're like, yo, we need you to go out to, 'cause I live in la They were like, I need you to get on a, on a plane.


You gotta go to JSX. You gotta bring him this PRIME Chain. I'm like, bro, I don't even work for Prime. Yeah. I don't have no, why are you doing this? They're like, well here's, here's the, here's the thing. We'll get you floor seats. We'll give you 10 grand. I was like, when's my flight? When, when do I leave bro? And I made it, when I tell you I walked in, I gave it to, I think it might've been like your sister. Yeah. Maybe. I Think, nah, my assistant. Okay. Handoff within two seconds you're walking out like, I just made it, bro. And it, and it was like front and sent on every picture. Yeah. I gotta Thank you for that, man. Yeah. That is, that is, that is like the dopest picture and like promo that we've ever done. Like as a, as a person. Like obviously trying to build a business man. Like you, you really put US ON and like, we appreciate the fuck out of it.


Yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. So Thank you, bro, like we with you, Mahomes, Durant, Holland, all the soccer teams, we've signed all stars. Max Park, Rubik's Cube Genius, Shara Stevenson. Shara Stevenson, bro. It's like the lineup is, we got the Avengers, we got the Avengers of athletes. Yeah. It was though everybody, even my kids 'cause they love Prime, they was just like, you got a PRIME Chain. You get to keep the chain Where the chain at? No way I like, man, I had to give it back. Yeah. Because it was the big one. Yeah. That one's like, I think like 50 70 5K. That one's up there. Yeah. So when we Should give it to you though.


No, a hundred percent for the what came outta that night? Yeah. for Sure. I'll, I'll make sure you get that chain. So just let him wear it. The little chain. And they gave me the little chain with a UR flight. I went back home. I showed him Can I get it? Can I have, it's like, man chill. We gotta try to get, we gotta try to get speed to do something for him. For, for, For the kids. Oh, he def he definitely will. I was gonna, I was gonna, I would've FaceTimed him yesterday, but speed was, he's flying home from Europe. His, his, his Europe shenanigan shenanigans. They like, they, they want me to FaceTime Kai as well. Your kids are convincing, man. Yeah, They crazy. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They, I like their energy. Do You know either of those guys? Kind and speed. Yeah. 'cause of them. Yeah. I was like, yeah, Kai just blew up his room.


Right. It was fake. It was fake, but Yeah. That's awesome, man. Speed running around, trying to play football and stuff. Those are two of the, those are like the streaming goats right now. Those two. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure your kids know who MrBeast is. Yeah. He the number one guy. He's you and YouTube. Yeah, He is. Yeah. You you said it. I'm, I'm sure they keep you young, you know, like in a way you're, you're kind of forced to like pay attention to this like, internet, like new age. Yeah. Trying to see, see what they doing and Yeah. What's getting their attention. And it's crazy because my kids, especially my youngest, well my second and youngest, he sit there and watch kids play with they own toys.


Who does just roasting Them ride toy Time. Yeah. I'm like, dude doing, or they watch people play the game. Like, why don't you go play the game? Right. Like, What did you watch him man? Like, come on now. Like my son, a little 1-year-old. It's so funny because he can be doing, he can be going crazy and don't want nobody, don't want nobody to touch him. Or I Got something for you. Ms Rachel, Ms Rachel. I heard she's a phenom Man. He'll be, it's like she got him hypnotized. Yeah. Like, yeah. I be like, Alright, I can't do it.


She would've listened to her. She's on the tv. You know. But she like just man, they, they, they get the attention from those, those kids and You know they numbers just go. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't imagine a grown person. don don't know how old she is, but just to be talking like a little baby and a kid and making millions, Bro. So much Money. I know. Making so much money. Money. Dude, that type of money will make you talk like a baby. Yeah. Like, No, no, you could get me right now. Gimme 10 s right now. She's making hell of money, bro know, I start talking like a toddler.


And that's And That's crazy. Two seconds, bro. The kids just be like, or just You know what I mean? The kids just watching other kids play with toys. Yeah. It is strange. We're, let's put it like this. It's a strange time right now. It is definitely in general, everywhere the internet, politics, You know everywhere. It is a very strange time to be alive. Yes, Definitely. And you're holding it down for like, for like, yo, let's let's step take a step back and go play with your own toys. You don't need to watch them play with that toy. You have toys. That is fascinating. You just, you gotta be careful with who you're letting them watch. Watch. Yeah. That, that Is it. Because some of them, some of them adult baby talkers are like, not like, like do they watch Blippi?


Nah, but Don't do that. I had to stop 'em from watching Jeffy. Jeffy. I, yeah. I I, so I'm not a kid myself, so I'm not familiar. Wait, why, why? What's wrong with Jeff? Well, You know Blippi Man. That dude was telling, telling him the stick stick wet. Oh Wow. Now you could Wet the on the plug and what? Kill, kill your mom and eat. Oh, wait a second. Jeffy needs to chill out. No, It's not like a kid's channel. You it, it's a puppet. It's a puppet, but it's telling the kids. Oh. Oh, so it's like a dark comedy type thing? Oh yeah. On Negative stuff. It's the same as the biggest one of those was, man, I can't believe this is finally making it too impulsive. Did you ever hear a Skibbe toilet?


No, bro. Do You know what? Skibbe toilet Is? It sounds like a Blippi thing, Bro. Skibbe toilet is like outlawed in a lot of countries. It is a bro, it's a war between toilets that have heads coming out of 'em. And, and the on the other side of the war is cameras. And bro, no, I Don't. No. Please I don. I don't. Please No, no, no, no, no. This is, this is sc Your memes. You send me. I No, no. Weird Enough As is. Does anyone in the crowd know what SCM toilet is? You do. Of course he Does. Look at, he's got a bucket hat narrow down his shoulder. This is a Big, bro. This is a big thing. And I just, just this one thing really quick. Where you get It from?


It's on YouTube. No. How, how Do You know about it? Yeah, that's what I'm Saying. Because it's, it's big enough that you should know what it, it, it's not small. This they get hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions. I should know All right. On their video. All right. See, if I had a daughter, she'd tell me about this. I'm done with this. Absolutely not. Yep. What Skippity toilet bro. Nah, back to the weird times thing. That's where I'm gonna land. Zoom in on that real quick. Look at Skip Itty toilet. Just kicking it right? Kids, don't watch this. Go play with your own toys. Watch Ms Rachel. Miss Rachel's great. Yeah. Yeah. She got my endorsement And she teach the kids. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Education.


What was your show? I grew up on Sesame Street. Man. Well, not, I didn't live there, but I grew up like on show watch Her Was Dragon Ball Z? Not, What do you mean? Well, I just mean from a What did you learn? Well, technically you probably did learn what you do now from Yeah. And I was watching Sesame Street and now I'm, I'm the dude that lives in the garbage can. What's His name again? Cookie Monster Cookie. Oh, Oscar The Grouch. Oh, is that who lives? Yeah. Oscar The Grouch in the garbage can, bro. It's the same bucket hat guy Who knew that You know. Yeah, that guy. See that, see that guy right there? He's tapped into the culture. Right? Yeah. You Guys will get along. A hundred percent. a hundred percent. Yeah. Alright, so, so do you want to go do the send off? Yeah. for Sure. Alright, bro. What, what's, what's on the agenda? Are we, I'm Gonna do a send off and then I gotta work out.


I always gotta find time to get that work in. Yeah, absolutely. I'm, I'm, I am getting high. It turns out. Yeah, August 3rd, the biggest night in American boxing history to quote the Great Eddie Hearn. Yeah. Make sure that you watch this fight. Yeah, Absolutely. for Sure Terence, thanks for joining us, man. Appreciate it. Yeah. Such an honor. Dude. I'm, I'm, I'm inspired by your humility. I, I don't know if I'll ever reach that myself, but it, but it is inspiring someone listening will emulate what you do. And I think that's so cool. If you see him shopping in a grocery store, ask for a selfie. The guy's the legend. Terence Crawford. Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for listening to this episode of Impulsive.


We love You. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Yeah.