
Welcome back. I'm here for another episode of the Impulsive Podcast, and we have a special guest here today. Fortnite Guy Tfue. I Got a girlfriend. She was my assistant at first. Kind of hired her and that didn't work out. Why didn't it work Out? Because I ended up, You know, like if you watch Fortnite now, it's pretty crazy how fast these kids are. Would you still be able to hang? Nah, Probably not. But at one point you actually wanted to ninja like IRL. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I Got suspended on Twitch and he tried to like permanently terminate my account. Oh, damn. We have a pretty similar story Yeah. In terms of our YouTube history and Even some of the girls. Well, You're Not out of this conversation either, bud. What The notorious RELEASE, THE CONTRACT phase.


I remember that became such a meme. Like just, we quoted that so many times. So much. That could be anything. Like we tell the chef, release the dinner. Like, I mean, banks is a very, very smart person. I did not like the Beef Era for you Two. What'd you guys settle for in the lawsuit? When are you switching back? What Are you, what? Yeah, what are you doing? Who's, I don't know. I usually sit next to What dude you're making our guests feel uncomfortable right Now.


Facts. You're being mad weird. Yeah. You didn't even intro the guest or the show. Are we live? Yeah. You go and intro the show, Logan. All right guys. Welcome back. I'm here for another episode of the Impulsive Podcast, the number one podcast in The world. And we have a special guest here today. Fortnite. Guy Tfue. Welcome to the show, man. This Is crazy. See, this is crazy. I feel like, like do we do the whole podcast like this or, dude, you, I have to understand. No. 'cause then he has to look both ways. It's, It's, oh yeah. That's pretty shitty. That's pretty shitty. Switch. Switch. Yeah. Dude, I just sat, I've sat in that seat for all, all 500 episodes.


No, we had to have musical chairs once. Yeah. Maybe for a second. For this type of thing. Yeah. Maybe We switch. We can, because then you only have to look in one direction. Are You gonna wear headphones? I don't really care won Because we have to figure out this counterweight situation. I'll put, I'll put that, those headphones as the counterweight. You take the current counterweight headphones and then put them on your head. You Can move the mic back. Id just like to have it like, it's, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. These are directional. So, all right. Let's do it on three. 1, 2, 3. Why don't you wear those? Oh my God, bro. It's like two. Here we go. Exactly where replic goes. We need the counterweight. That's the, the counterweight or the headphones. Whoa. Whoa. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because it just needs a little bit, it just needs a tiny bit on the end there.


I Got a five in AP Physics advanced placement that stands for before I became a full-time Speed martyr. Fuckhead L Speed. Smarter. Yes. What, what, what? Tfue said, Welcome back to Impulsive, the number one podcast in The world. Thanks for listening. Watching View subscribing. If you're not subscribed, hit that subscribe button, bro. This is crazy. This is crazy to have you here. I know. I mean, it worked out. We're, we're kind of in my home. So, Tampa. Yeah. After all the glitz and glam, all the, all the famous and amazing things you've done with your life. You just stayed rooted. Rooted here in Tampa. Yeah. Dude. I don't know. I'm just a Florida boy and I can't escape, so I tried to live in LA for a little bit, but Yeah.


How'd that Not for me. How'd that go? What'd you discover about that place? Yeah. What are your, your big three learnings about life in la? Dude, I don't know. I mean, my, my, my mom's from Santa Monica, and that's where my parents met. They actually had a beach house in Venice and then sold it to raise their kids here instead of there, because they knew it was no good. So it kind of worked out. Oh, No way. Yeah. What, what's the issue? The juju like dark Hollywood, illuminati, like type shit. Homeless people. Pollution. No, I don't know. Taxes. I mean, those are good. Ask him. He's He's got, yeah, I Got, yeah, yeah, yeah. I Got out, I Got out of there as well.


He's on Vacation right now. I'm chilly in paradise. Yeah. But hey, if you considered Puerto Rico Mm. Yeah. Maybe not. Not at all. Nah, there's good, there's, there's good fishing in here in Tampa. Yeah. There's good fishing in Puerto Rico too. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Good surf. Yeah. So, dude, I mean, look, Tfue, man, you're, you're, you're an absolute legend in this space. Gaming icon. And now and now and now. Master angler. Master angler. Man. Mike was like, yo, he's fishing now. Yeah, he's fishing. I, I saw on my PDF here Now. I hope this is true. This is true. Patrick, who made the PDF wrote this down. Did you catch a tuna? A big old tuna? Yeah. That sold for like 30 grand or some shit? I don't know.


I don't know. Yeah, we cut like a 200 pound Yellowfin when I was in Louisiana, but Oh my God. I don't know. I'm like, it's weird. I'm like living like an old retired Florida person right now. I'm like golfing and fishing. Like, I might as well throw bingo in there. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. I even play pickleball since it's so popular here. Hell yes. Ha. Yes. Us too. We, I love pickleball, Dude. Pickleball is so fun. Sick, Right, Dude. Anyone can play it. That's why it's great. Even Mike. I did really? I played, we played last week. Yeah. We beat Logan. Dude. It's his fiance. We also beat him once. That's true. It was, it was one verse. One to one. How Do you, how are you, how are you funding all these retirement age pursuits? Like what? Like, 'cause are you, are you working?


Not really. I mean, I'm, You just hanging out. How old? You're 27. Right, Dude. I mean, I was streaming every day, eight hours a day for like eight years. So if I couldn't afford to mess around now, then I don't know. I must have fucked up. Do do you think, do you think eventually you will, you will, how do I say this? Run out of money? No. And then Have to stream again and get back to that grind? No, honestly, I mean, dude, if I live long enough to spend all my money, I'm just grateful to be alive at that point. Really? Yeah. So you're Not a big spender Then? Nah. Only on like, charter boats to go fishing. Not on charter boats. He's Got his Own boat. Got his own boat.


Yeah. Oh, that was the last vlog I saw. Yeah. Making your Own Boat. Yeah. Sick. We gotta get you out there fishing. Dude. I, I do like fishing. I do like fishing and Mike likes fishing 'cause he doesn't have to walk, which he's not very good at. Yeah. But he could stand still. And he, he's real strong. Upper body. Does a lot of chest, not a lot of legs. Yeah. Yeah. My, my main issue, and we talked about this on Twitter, I think I like, Is it, Is it like a patience level that you like develop? Mm. You know what I'm saying? Or did you always have it? Like, for me, bro, I'm so a DHD that like, my brain just bounces around so much. And like, the idea of like really waiting and sticking with one thing for too long is like, I'm attachment avoidant even when it comes to fish. Yeah.


I mean, dude, I, dude, I have no patience either. I, I mean, but I just like the chase, You know? I like the preparation, You know, getting everything ready, the bait, whatever you do. Yeah, I do. I really, I think that's like the funnest part. Me. No way. Yeah. Explain that to me. Why do you think, why do you think that is? I Don't know. Just like setting up all tackle and bait and getting gas. I No Way Gas. No way. Figuring out like where you're gonna go, like what spots you're gonna hit. Where are we dropping boys? Yeah. Like where are we gonna drop this time? Wow. But I don't know, it's just like, I don't know. It's, It's, it's fascinating 'cause I think acquired taste, I think for Sure. But the, the thing you're describing about fishing is the exact thing that like, kind of turns me off. Like I, I'm not a big, I'm not a big prep guy.


Yeah. When, when that fish hits, by the way, I, I, I grew up in Ohio, dude. I love fishing. Yeah. It just, I started getting pretty fucking impatient as an adult. He, he fishes a little bit now, but he has like a, like a team of people. So when he, when he has to hook a worm, like somebody puts the worm on and then he says like, reel and another, no, no, no. He's got like a worker that comes in reels for him. No, I find that offensive. I find that offensive. No, come on Dude. There's so many different types though. Like, dude, there could be, it could be action the whole day. Like, you're not even gonna on reel anymore, You know? Yeah. Yeah. It depends on the day. There's just different types of fishing. There's definitely more patient like sword fishing's. Really? You gotta be really patient with it. You know? He could go hours without bites. Okay. Ex explain, explain this to a viewer who hasn't gone fishing. It's so funny.


This, say it's a fishing. I don one the best players Of all time, but it's gonna, a lot of people are gonna relate to it, Dude. 'cause fishing fishing's, it's as tale as old as time. Like serious. Like seriously fish. Like how did, how did ancient folk get food? They fish teach Man to Fish. Yeah. Fish. Teach em man to fish. Don't give him man to fish. You teach him man to fish. He won't have to fucking take, get a fish. Okay. So look, I went fishing with You had him on, you had him on the, the He's gonna kill me. Oh, black, Black, black tip. Black Coffee, black tip. Yeah. I call him Johnson Tip H. What? I don't know. It just sounds funny. I went fishing with him.


We caught, we caught. He's a good dude. Yeah. Big, Big fish. And it was the first time, I think I realized how hard it is to reel in like a, like a one to 200 pound. Oh yeah. Sea animal. Can you explain that? Like, and, and like what that fight looks like when you hook a big 200 pound tuna Dude. I mean, there's just nothing stopping him, dude. You're just getting your ass beat for hours and hours. If he doesn't want to come up, he's not gonna come up. You just gotta wear 'em out, You know? That shit hurts. Yeah. Yeah. It'll Beat you up. And the rod is like a, like a massive like steel rod. Right? Massive steel. And you're sitting in a spin. You're sitting in a spinny chair, right? Like on, that's attached to the, You just Hold, you just hold onto that big rod. Are belt.


Are you seat belted in? Yeah. Just for dear life. Yeah, exactly. Dude. Are you seat belted in? Yeah. Right. You can be. Yeah. If you're using height, like a lot of like drag, you're gonna need to So you're using terms now? Yeah. Drag? No, there's a, there's a device that goes on the waist. Yeah. That you can use as leverage. That you stick your big rod in. Yeah. Before you reel it. Or you can, you can put it in a hole on the side of the boat. You can put, you can put it in a hole in the vessel, almost treating the vessel as the hole. And then you reel it in. But it takes forever, man. Like I caught a big, I caught a big, big walleye in Ohio. Oh, that's cool. Big walleye. 31 and a half inch wall fish, Ohio fish. I was very proud of it.


So proud. I Got it mounted. Oh, damn man. I just couldn't believe how, like, how hard it was to catch this fucking fish. Yeah. Well fish, fish probably this big Took Me like 30 minutes to reel in. Yeah. People, people don't, people don't know. People gotta put some respect on, on angling fishermen. Yeah, bro. I mean there's just so many different types. But we did get you out there, bro. One day he Mentioned it. He, me, he mentioned we Should go fishing. I think it would be, I think it'd be sick to go like really charter. Like a big deep sea. Like You gotta get out there early though. Yeah, you do, right? Yeah. I Guess sometimes I go overnight, You know? What Was that like? I go overnight sometimes or go out there. You sleep out there? Yeah, I just sleep on the boat. Oh, that's sick.


Yeah, but there's no, there's not really bad bro. How did You, we just drink. How Did you exist in like, the height of like streamers? 'cause you're not like anybody Yeah. I've ever met before. You're just like, you're kind of like a 18th century fisherman that just became a Fortnite stream, right? No, actually I didn't fish before. I didn't even fish at all before I started to play Fortnite. I just realized that fishing is fun. When you have money, you could actually do it. Yeah. But it's such a, it's, it's so like counter You. No, you could do it without it. But it's funner when you actually have a boat, you Could a, a big boat that you could sleep on around. Yeah. Yeah. But it has to ve like someone in your DNA because like the majority of people get a little bit of money and they're like, oh, but I'm gonna go buy three Lamborghinis. Yeah. And I'm gonna buy like a big house, like in Miami and you know, go to the fucking Met gala.


Nah. You know what I'm saying? Like, you just, you just like, were like, shit, I'm gonna get so much money. I could buy mad worms. That's too nice. Like how did the, like how did you transition into, into like reptiles, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like, from where, where you were. 'cause you were going to like, you were like that dude, bro. I mean, you still kinda are, but just now in the angle English community. Yeah. You know, I mean, I'm not really known in the Engler community that well, Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Yeah. You keep angling. Who knows? It's just, it's Just a hobby bro. It's just an expensive hobby. It's like pickleball, You Know. But do you still, but do you still pull up to like the local club and get like a sign that says like, Tfue and like the girls, You know, when the girls have the bottle and they go like, I'm not doing, doing the bottle service? No, I just mean like, no, I just see everything we're doing today somehow is a rod involved.


Like, okay. Are you doing anything that's like, of upper echelon? Like, like do, were you at, were you in Monaco this weekend for F1? No, dude, I don't know. That's not really my style dude. Like I, dude, I like to be away from people most of the time. Yeah. Yeah. Are you an introvert? A little bit. I don't know. Kinda, What about with chicks? So I Got a girlfriend and stuff. Oh, you do? Yeah. Does she fish? Yeah, she fishes with me. Sometimes. We'll go out together and fish. Does She argue with you? Well, I mean, they all do. Ain't that true That The truth? Ain't that the truth? Damn wise words Wise, no.


I love her now. We get along pretty well. So how'd you guys meet? She used to watch my streams. Oh, nice. Yeah. How'd she get in contact with you? She was my assistant at first, so I kind of hired her and that didn't work out. Why didn't it work out? Because I ended up, you know, hit the rod, I guess. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay. Wow. What a journey for her goes from washing her streams. Like a fan? Yeah. To getting hired to dating you. Do you think that was her plan all along? Oh yeah. Damn. Good for her. Yeah. Good for her.


Yeah. Did you guys start as, was there ever a part where it was like, like you guys were like friends? Yeah, for Sure. No, I kind of traumatized her at first because I was like, I don't want a girlfriend. And it was a bit of a shit show, let's say at least. Yeah. Yeah. That's generally how that goes. Yeah. What can I ask? At what point of her being your assistant were you like, yo, I think I might like this girl. Which is a problem 'cause she's working for me. I don't know. I don't know the exact moment, but it was kind of just, Which by the way is fine in Florida. I think like in New York, HR would probably have A problem with that. Well, no, but no, but he, no, but they, they seized their business relationship prior to.


Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. I think once, I think we, once we hooked up, then I just stopped paying her. So it seemed like a good, You know, it seemed like a good financial decision. Yeah. Yeah. That which is good because at that point it's like, that's where kind of the line is blurred. Even for a place like Florida. Yeah. What does it, what does it mean to be a Florida guy to you? Like what does that mean? Dude? Dude, I don't know. What kind of question is that? No, I don't know. I mean, it's, it's, there's a persona around the Florida guy. No. Florida man. No, it's No, Florida. It's Florida, man. Florida. Florida. Man. Caught with his, with, with an a Florida man. Extra foot. Florida man. Has extra foot eaten by alligator. Florida Man. Florida man. Yeah.


My brother's a real Florida man. He's a, he's a, ah, He Is. He totally. Ah, I said Florida guy. That's Florida man. It's Florida man. Florida man. Yeah. What does that mean to you? I mean, a Florida man's like somebody that like is, I don't know, like surfs kinda reel into with nature, You know, wrestling, gators eating pub subs, jumping off bridges, bath salts, not bath salts. Not scared. Not scared to get, get in the swamp, get dirty. I don't know. Eat someone's face. Yeah. That was a Florida man. Yeah, a Hundred percent. That's like a little bit more South Florida, but yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm just gonna ask Jet GBTA Definition of it. What Are some of the Best Florida Man Stories? Oh God. Like, Dude, some of these are crazy.


Ba ba salts. Ba salt is number one. Yeah. Here are some of the best unhinged Florida man stories. Florida man throws alligator. Yeah. I told you there's Gator involved. I Gator all his, yeah. Florida man. Throw his alligator through Wendy's. Drive through window. I can't, Can't read these without laughing. A man was charged with assault with a deadly weapon After he threw A three and a half foot alligator through a Wendy's drive through window because it was a prank. Florida man arrested for eating pancakes in the middle of the street. That just seems like an injustice. Yeah, that just seems like a good time.


Yeah. Florida man claims his dog drove his car into a Walmart, Florida man arrested after telling police he was teaching it a lesson while throwing an alligator onto a roof. So is Throwing alligators a big no Dude, Florida man tries to evade arrest by Cartwheeling away from cops Florida. Man. Asked Trooper if his bag of cocaine is illegal. What do you Something I would do? Is that what you're gonna say? Say, yeah, probably. Well, what, what do you think it is about Florida that inspires this type of activity? Dude, Dude, I don't even know. That's a hard question, bro. It's just too many. They just ate too many pub subs and they're all What's a pub Sub? Oh Man, it's a public sub dude.


It's like a Florida staple, right? It's a Staple, bro. You gotta get chicken. Chicken color or chicken. It's A franchise. Yeah. Like some, it's, it's, no, but it's a grocery Store. No, it's like a, yeah, it's like a, I don't even know. Like a Vons or a Ralph's. Okay. That sell sub. They have a deli. Yeah. And they make fire subs. If you ever go to Publix, get a buffalo chicken tender, it's kinda like the, the staple, You know, I love buffalo chicken. Every JI is at a pub sub, You know, but You're just vibing out here in Florida. Yeah. Just, just doing, doing your, doing. You. It's admirable. It seriously is. 'cause like, a lot of people get sucked into that once they, once they get into the internet shit. Yeah. And like, I certainly did. You know, you, it's, it's, it's, I mean, you, you had a little taste of it when you did, did your thing out there.


Yeah. I'm just not a, I don't know. I don't, I'm not a big fan of like, hanging out with people that don't actually want to be my friend and don't actually wanna know me on a personal level and just wanna do social media and love and all that. I don't know. I'm just not just kinda want to be, come back to my hometown where my family and friends are that I grew up with and just have a good time. So You have a good separation of work and, and personal. Yeah. What's What kind of, kind of like a deep question. It's a superlative, which I, I don't like asking, but I want to ask dude, Let, all the deep questions are real. It's kind kind of a deep question. 'cause I think you're a little bit of an en an enigma. Like, you're kind of like a mystery, I feel like. Yeah. Like, like even, even bro, we haven't even gotten to the meat of like, what, what made you like Tfue and what really blew you up, which is you're like one of the best Fortnite players in The world.


You're a professional gamer, made, made multiple millions of dollars. I'd probably, I, I don't wanna speak for you, but I guess like tens of millions of dollars at this point, playing video games, which is fucking insane. And I'll elaborate on that in a second. But what is, what is one thing about you that you think is like the most misunderstood? Dude, that's a hard question. I know you hit me in heavy head. I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Damn. Or, or like, or like, or like, something that people, people wouldn't expect about you. You know, like you, you said people, and I asked that question 'cause you said, you know, people want to get to know you for you and who, who actually care about you and wanna be your friend. But like, what, what, what is there, what is, what do you think it most people in LA or wherever it didn't happen.


What do you think they missed? Dude, I don't know. That's a tough dude. You're, you're hitting the tough questions, bro. Sorry bro. I'm just, I don know, bro. Dude, I don't know. I'm kind of like, when you're a streamer, you're kind of like an open book. You kind of have to let, like, lay your life out there every day and like, there's nothing to hide. So you don't have anything that you keep behind the scenes? No, not really. I, I mean, if I tried to hide something, they would find it. So, but in terms of like misunderstood, I don't know. Like, what I guess I'm asking is like, what did the people in LA miss, You know, if you weren't able to make real friends out there, what were they, what, what were they not questioning about you?


Or like, what was the, what was the box that wasn't being checked in, in the relationship? I don't know. Dude, that's, these are, these are some tough questions, bro. I might need like a couple primes before I About it. He did? Yeah. I just don't think The, I'm sorry. I, the, the, I I'm sorry bro. The people, he, I think his point was that like, the people in LA are very, like a lot of people, it's not everyone by the way, but, but it's in that like, younger class or like very Clout driven. Yeah. There's just a lot of, there's a lot of Clout driven, you know, like, it's just you, I mean, I'm sure you've seen it like when, when people come and go, you know, they're trying to find the next big thing. Mm. And You know, it's just, you meet these people and you think you're their friends and you run, You know, run 'em, fuck, I can't talk.


You run down later down the road and you're, You know, and they act like a stranger to you and you're like, you know what's good with that? Any examples of that person that you're talking about? No, by Talking about anybody by you can least start airing people out. But I feel like, I feel like I'm sure Mike would like that. No Air. I'm here for some smoke For Sure. But yeah, I feel like, I feel like that's just, that's just like kind of part of the business. Like I kinda, yeah. I kinda like went into the business knowing that. And like, you, you, you can, I I'm, I'm sure you're, you know, intellectually sound enough to like ascertain who the friends are and who the, the Clout people are because there's Just Yeah. You, I mean Now I can, but when you're a young kid in LA facts, it gets a, a little bit hazy.


True. Yeah. I mean you gotta think when I was in La Squad 19, 20 years old way, way different. You know, like people, people act like that's like a full grown adult. But really looking back it, especially my age, and I'm not even as old as you guys. That's like a child that's like, you know What I mean? Yeah. Like when you were 19, who knows what the fuck you were doing something stupid. It was worse at 22. It's bad. It was all publicized. I guess that's the for like a streamer or a vlogger in my case that, that, that was like the good news. Like I did make all my mistakes publicly. Yeah. But like Yeah. You did. Like, which, which sucks? There's a few. Yeah, there's a few. Yeah. Which, which which me too though. Yeah. I mean, I mean, it kind of ha happens. It's inevitable. Pretty much.


I don't like, especially when you, when you move out to LA at such a young age, like, dude, you, you dropped out of high school to play professional video games, correct? I dropped out of middle school. So eighth grade To play professional video games or no? You No, it was 'cause I was too dumb. Damn pat. Damn Pat fucked US ON that. PDF Wait. Well it Says right here. It says right here. People tend to high school and Florida eventually dropped Gaming profession. I know. But Now I feel like an asshole. Wait, so what, so, but you can't, you can't be too dumb for eighth grade, bro. Like, they just No, I was, no, but you made that decision. They didn't like, they weren't like, damn bro, no, you, this kid's a fucking idiot. Get 'em out of middle school.


No, it's funny. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, they'll give you another shot, bro. You're like, We get enough time. I'll just, I'll just give you the rundown real quick. Hell Yeah, let's do it, bro. So my parents were like real laid back, kind of like almost hippies. And we never went to school. So we're technically homeschooled every year. You know, they would kind of pay people off to like, say that we were like well-educated, you know. So I mean, I, I can like read and write like, alright, You know, probably not as good as you or you, but to enough to get by. Right? And when I was like, in eighth grade, I decided, hey, I wanna go to school, hang out with my friends. 'cause I'm, You know, sitting at home all day, get you in or ski boarding and surfing or whatever, bored.


So I go to school and I'm like, they're like asking me these questions like, what's the Pythagorean theorem is, You know what I mean? Like, and I'm like, dude, I don't know. Like, it stressed me out and I'm like, I can't do this. Like, I, I don't know, You know, school kind of like builds you up into like their system and what they know. Yeah, a hundred percent. So if you just get thrown in there, you're like, what's going on? Like, I don't know, half of this shit. So I just, so you entered, so you entered and left school in eighth grade? Yeah, I went to school for like, I took a week. Oh, It was that long. Yeah. And I was like, I'm like, this is Not, this shit ain't for me, dude. No, this shit ain't for me. So it's funny when people are always like, yo, I dropped outta a college to pursue this. Like, I didn't have a choice. I had to, I, I could work out, You know, I couldn't be a lawyer or whatever, you know, I was, I wasn't book smart enough for that.


So I had to make, You know, make my way somehow. So, so you Start video games. Is it, So you start, so you get outta eighth grade, fresh outta eighth grade? No, no. Eighth grade degree. You, you're shit man, this is so strange because bro, you've never really hear somebody and they're like, yeah man, times are tough. I just got outta eighth grade dude. I had no idea what I was doing with my life because most people are just going in ninth grade. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like for, so for him, like, he's like, fuck man, dude, I gotta pay these bills, bro. He's got like a cigarette and like one of those folding lawn chairs with like the green, blue like stripes in it that you unfold. He's just sitting, he's like, damn bro, no, this, this shit ain't for So wait, so you get outta eighth grade and then you, you have to make like a decision.


And, and are you already good at video games or do you just start playing? Or like what Dude, no, I mean, me and my brother have been do doing YouTube. We've even posted on YouTube since I was eight years old. So 27 now. Oh, So you guys really are just the same person? We have a Pretty similar story Yeah. In terms of our, our YouTube history And even some of the girls, Why did he do that? You're not out of this conversation either, bud. What? You are right there with him. Can he get smoked? Brother? You Smoked. Alright, so you get outta eighth grade. No. Wait, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa. You can play with Byron, Man. Listen bro. Whatever.


So you get outta eighth grade, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's And you already are making videos. Ah, my, my apologies. That was so rude to me. You, you were on a stream of something there. Sorry, what were you saying? No, we were both, We were both married. Dude, is this the impulsive podcast or the intrusive podcast? Mike's head Listen, you just nailed it. That was cold. No, it wasn't. It was good. That Yeah. Yeah. It was real cold. Me Was good Mike. In like, in like young generation z millennial slang. Like cold. Like that was cold bro. Stop. It was dope. Stop glazing real. That's a L take L Take girl. Stock glazed. You have more right now. Alright, go. Go. No, it's not glazing anymore. It's doing tricks on it. Yeah. Stop bro. You're bouncing, you're bouncing on it, right? Seriously, you're bouncing on yourself.


That's my Bad bro. That's my bad. I was, I'm deadass. Sorry for that. Alright, so you're making YouTube videos at eight? Yeah. With your brother doing stunts, by the way. Yeah, we were, you know, we started off doing pranks and stuff and I don't know, he, he, he actually was successful way before I was doing pranks. Yeah. He was. And I don't know, I just started gaming because I wanna do my own thing, You know? And were you, were you always like really good at gaming? Yeah, I was, was better than my friends, I guess. And they, they sucked though. How, How were, how were you so good? I don't know. I started playing Destiny and I made a kind of a streaming career off that.


And then I transitioned to H one Z one and played that professionally for the first time when I was like 16 probably. And then started playing PUG. So by the time for that came out, I had already been playing professional battle royale games for years. So it was like, I'm, and I was like one of the younger kids of the group. So it's like kind of just designed to win at that point. This is fa this is so fascinating to me. I want to, I wanna break this down. Okay. So like, alright. If you, if you were to come to me before Twitch was Twitch Yeah. And say, Hey, I have this company where viewers can watch people play video games live.


Yeah. Do you want to invest? I would've been like, why would you fuck, why would I invest in the company? Why? He was always so always, I was just like, why would I watch people play video games? I would just, I just play myself. I would just play video games. And I, and I guarantee at the time, like I wasn't the only one who thought that, like, mind you, let's, You know, reverse 10 years Streaming wasn't, wasn't a big thing. And I definitely didn't understand the video game angle. And then the Fortnite boom happened, and then the streaming boom was kind of simultaneous. And I started watching some of these professional players specifically, You know, ninja. And I saw how good he was, like absurdly good, way better than everyone else.


And it wasn't just him, right? There's, there's the professional players, professional gamers. And I finally understood why you would watch people play these games is 'cause the level of talent that they're operating at. It's like watching a sport. Watching a sport. Like why would you watch basketball game sport? It's like Exactly. Yeah. It's like, it's a watching like prof, like a professional. I mean, that's what exactly what it is. I just never understood it until I was watching it. And I, and I understood Fortnite and gaming and I was like, oh yeah, he's entertaining and he's really good at this. I see. I, I understand now. And then you came on the scene and you, you you were so fucking good. And so, like, if we're gonna compare it to basketball and like watching a professional athlete play a sport, I, I like there, there's definitely similarities, but like, how are you so good at Fortnite?


That's funny that you bring up Ninja because he was like the biggest thing at the time, You know? Yeah. But our rivalry went back like years It did Into previous games. Yeah. Oh, actually. So we've been, we've been at it for Years. No way. So then when he blew up and You know, people say that I blew up after I killed him. I killed him. He was like, oh fuck. He's like, yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I know this good. Yeah. We used to, You know, and people like, who's this guy? Whatever. But I mean, I was good. The same reason he was good dude. We'd just been playing that genre of video games for years at a professional level. Yeah. So by the time that game came out, you know, probably everybody in this room, I'm assuming, You know, Fortnite could have been their first battle royale game.


So it's all new to you guys, but you gotta think this is what we've been doing. So You, you already, so you put in the reps Yeah. Years. Okay. Prior. Even, Even competitively too, right? Professionally. Yeah. So you got, so you had, You know, a feeling for like, what the pressure is, like when it's down to a one V one. Oh yeah. Yeah. You knew about all that stuff. So it was like a, a part of it was at least to an extent a time and place thing. Yeah, for Sure. For Sure. But, but with Fortnite in particular, because of the building type of gameplay. Yeah. It's it's not just, it's not just the shooting game. It's, it's building. It's, it Is, it is a lot of like strategy. And what I noticed when I would watch Ninja is like creativity. You gotta get sometimes creative with how you like, escape or a scenario or flank it upon or like one up.


Yeah. I mean, when the game first came out, dude, no one knew how to get, like, no one knew how to do shit. So that's why we were so good. 'cause we just had to base mechanics down. Nowadays everything's so polished. Like there is nothing really creative to do. It's basically just skill at this point. Yeah. Like if you watch Fortnite now, it's pretty crazy the how fast these kids are. Can You can, would you still be able to hang now, right? No. You don't think so? No, probably not. I really haven't. I really haven't been playing either. So you, you Didn't get the reps In, dude. I mean, dude, video games are like, especially Fort End is so, is so important to like your reflexes and your age. Like the best player in The world right now is 17, You know.


No way. That's like, I think 17 and eighteen's kind of like the prime age for Fortnite because your reactions are still really good and you kind of have like a developed brain, so you can be smart where like there's kids with really good mechanics that are, you know, 12 years old, but they're not, they don't really have like, You know, the knowledge and the, they're Frontal lobes not, yeah, they're Cortex. They Don't, they Don't, the iq they don't have the iq, You know. Wait, there's a, there's a good middle ground. You, you Just, you just mentioned this, the mechanics, like, what are you talking about when you say that? Like, the mechanics, like the, like the building, the shooting, the, You know, just the awareness. Like just the general like, You know, movement and building Speeds so crazy.


I'm trying to like to ve like a professional athlete, You know? Yeah, dude, it's just that, that game, dude. I think, I think right Now I think Fortnite is like one of the highest skill gap games that like, they're of all time probably. Mm. What, what do you mean by that? For the viewers? Like, you could take another game and take the best player and, You know, let's, let's say for, You know, a stupid concept. Like he restarts his life and only plays Fortnite. He could just be the middle of the really, because the skill gap is so high and the players are so good that like, some random Joe Schmo that's like a pro at another game could hop on Fortnite and like he's got no shot.


Or he could ve like average, you know what I mean? Like, there's just so many, so many more players and so many like good players that like the top top guys are like insane. But, but, and you can't catch them. Like, you can't like, No, no. So there's actually some, something that just recently happened is there's a guy, You know, Ron Stable? Ronaldo? Yeah. He's a, he's a, he's a, You know, kind of vlogger live streamer now. He doesn't play Fortnite too much, but he was like a, he was a great Fortnite player back in the day. Like, he, he, he could compete and he would place in tournaments and he doesn't really play, You know, that much anymore. He's kind of focused on More like vloggers cars. Iro yeah. Cars. Yep. And he, he challenged one of the best players, if not the best player in The world, to a one V one where his opponent would, his opponent would start with 99 deaths and he would start with, with like one life.


So he, so all he is gotta do is kill him once and this kid has to kill him a hundred times. I Saw this actually, what happened? He, he didn't kill him once. No way. He died a hundred times. No way. That's how good that, that's crazy. That's how good these good players are. They can, they could, you could go into a game verse like the, like one of the best players in The world and like, dude, we could give you like a month and like, you just wouldn't kill him. Whoa. Where like, if you go into a Call of Duty lobby versus like the best cod player in The world, dude, you're gonna kill him. Yeah, for Sure. You're not, you're not gonna touch these kids, bro. Yeah. Like, you're really not. Wow. That's crazy, Man. Fortnite really changed the game, Dude. It's just a skill gap so large bro. Like How come they didn't give you a skin?


Hell, that's kind of messed, that's kind of messed up. It's not too late, right? No, of course. No, I just, I don't know. I just, I just didn't care. Do you think that that was part of it? Do you think if you were a little bit more hands-on with I think maybe if I was a little bit more, You know, family friendly, it probably would've worked out. Yeah. But now it seems like they're working with people that aren't family friendly. They, they got Yeah. All kinds of, we, Yeah. No, I mean, whoever nowadays I just, it's a little bit late. I don't really care. It would've been, maybe it would've been cool back in the day. Do You think video games, Do You think video games, if you're not a professional, could be considered a waste of time? I mean, if you're buying it all day, maybe it's, yeah, social media's gotten a little bit crazy nowadays.


Especially from like coming, You know, me and you have been doing it for so long, right? Like, I grinded and made multiple YouTube channels that just didn't work out before it, you know? It did. Yeah. You know, like, we've been really putting the, putting the work in. I mean, I don't really anymore 'cause like I've been doing it for so long, but like, some of these people were just, everyone wants to be a social media, You know, content creator, streamer. It's just like kind of getting a little bit outta hand and people, You know, expect it to be easy. And then when it's not, they kind of just, oh, this sucks. Yeah. Do you think, do you think social media as a whole is a net positive or a net negative on society? Negative, bro. What kind of question is that? A hundred percent. Yeah. Well, me and him debate on it. I think it's Positive.


I Do. I do. I think it's the worst thing. It depends. I think it's the worst thing that's ever Happened. What did you say though? You said on it said on society. Yeah. I mean, you got, you gotta, I mean, there's two ways to look at it, right? Like, I think like sitting on TikTok just burning your brain and you know, your dove with me now. Like, that's not good for your mental health. But that's, but that's what, if That's what you're talking about. Yeah. But then you gotta look at, look like ai, like they're over here like solving fucking No, but not social. No, but that's not social media. And I, I, we'll talk, let's talk about ai, but I mean like, strictly like the, the absolute like bullshit brain rot that everyone is terrible suggesting, like, like, bro, we get in the car sometimes and I'll ve like, so dude, I'm, there's this new trend, right? And I'm like, for him it makes sense, bro.


It's worth millions and millions. You pitched Me this trend. Important. I did see one, I did see one, he pitched me. I did see one. I did see one and I I sent it to him, which is a bad thing for me. No, it's, it's good. It's good. But but social media as a whole, how it affects people. Yeah. Like if you, if you look at like mental illness, suicide and teens, like all of that stuff. Or since 2013, it's a direct spike. Like it just boom, straight up, bro. Yeah. Never before seen in history. No, I, I, I agree with you on that, honestly. It's just, yeah, I, I kind of felt like I was getting a little bit like weird too. And I, I'm more happier just going outside and getting away from my phone and going fishing, going surfing or whatever.


'cause I do feel like if I sit on my phone too much, I start to get like, a little bit like depressed and weird. Like, it's definitely not good for you. It's a hundred percent. I think. I think, You know, like I learned a lot of shit on the internet too, You know, like there's a lot of helpful information Yeah. That I gather from the internet. Yeah. But in terms of just brain drought, that's definitely not good. But it just seems like an Go ahead. I was gonna say, I think the answer to your question depends on what your, a algorithm looks like, which is kind of dependent on what you're interested in or what you're, how if you're self aware of the things that you're consuming, which will then contribute to what you continue to consume a lot of C's in, In Yeah. Like you have to be, you have to be a little bit disciplined to make sure that things, but, but also, yeah, But what he said I wanna highlight is that there's a lot of ways to, to learn and use social media positively.


Like I, I try to, I, I try to learn a, a lot from social media as well. Like a lot, I'd say about 60 to 75% of my algorithm is like high knowledge, valuable information On what platform? All of them. Even x Oh. 'cause on x for me it's just Nazis, Nazis, Nazis, school fight shootings. And Dude, what's look like, like you just pull up like on X sometimes and it'll just ve like some, some dude getting killed. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Getting his brains blown out. You're like, I don't wanna see this in a public place. You're going down. Totally agree. That's not, That's you scroll down one and it's like, ladies backshot tr Trent drop your backs by back shot in the comments. And I'm like, bro, what is going on here?


What is happening? Bro, X is the worst for Sure. But, but More than algorithm to, to your point about being outside more than algorithm, it's also about time spent. Yeah. Because I don't care what your fucking algorithm looks like. If you're spending multitudes of hours a day online, even if you're learning, there's so much value that comes out of being bored. Yeah. There's so much value that comes out of being bored and not looking at anything also. But also, also just really, just really like racking your brain thinking about, you know, what can I do? Like, oh, this thing happened in the real world. Not like online. You know, They say, they say boredom is the devil's playground. And I've also found that to be true. Yeah, It can be. It can be.


But that's where mental fortitude comes in. Yeah. 'cause it's like all of the greatest ideas ever. I, well, I don't know if this is the case anymore. Maybe some of them are being born out of scrolling. Now maybe some of them are, but like for the, for the extent of humanity, all the greatest ideas of all time were, were bred out of people saying, oh, there's a problem here. And then going and sitting on a couch and smoking weed or hanging out or whatever and thinking about the problem. Oh, here's a cool way to solve it. Not like, oh, well there's a problem over here. Oh my God, dude. Backshot trend fire dude. Like, do You know what I'm saying? Like, you can't, like, dude, look what the fucking BA house is doing today, bro. That's crazy. Like, bro, if you do that, you're like detouring from the, the, the direction of what could have potentially been a cool idea.


You know, I hate looking at both of you. It's just like looking at the same person's fucking wife. You're both staring at me. Like Kind a dollar for every single time that someone says, yo, you look like Logan Paul. I get it as well. Yo, You look like Tfue. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, because bro, you even have blue eyes. Yeah. Like your blonde hair, blue eyes. And we're the same height. Yeah. Sometimes I get to Jake Paul, but it's usually people that are, when I go other places, they're like, look like Jake Paul. Like other countries. Yeah. Like really people that aren't white. It's kind of a little racist. They Jake Paul. And then like, white people are like, you look like Logan. Because I think me and you look alike more than me. Jake, you don't, don't look like Jake at all. By the way, by the way. They, they tell me I look like Jake Paul as well.


Yeah. Yeah. I I guarantee it. You know what I think it is? I think they, I think they're confused on which, 'cause like I don't look like Jake. He's fully tatted. Dude, You don't look. Yeah, I don't think you guys look like, I think they think we're the same person, which is probably what's happening with you. Yeah. I don't know. They're just confused. They're confused. Yeah. It's The hair. Everyone age the hair. It's the hair. Yeah. I kept trying to buzz my shit off and my girl's like, grow it out. She wants me. You Look More like a Florida man with the, with the long hair. Yeah, I think they survived. She wants me to go for Hey, hey. So, okay, so, so like when I was, when I was growing up, I've played a few video games. I was, I was pretty addicted to Yeah. And like I Got, I Got like Tom, which Ones decent?


Some of 'em. World of Warcraft was the big one. Pokemon, obviously Dicing Game. World Warcraft was crazy. Yeah. Poke Pokemon for Sure. Tetris for a period of time. I'm currently addicted to Tetris. Tetris, dude, I can't believe it. I'm, I'm addicted to connecting these fucking blocks, bro. Hitting 'em like this. No, I don't do the, the the finger roll that's, that's on the old console, You know about it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Tho those kids go crazy. I, I'm playing on Chromatic. It's a, it's a ma it's a modern day game. Boy. I invested in the company and because I, I think it's, You know who Palmer Lucky is? Oh, You got it. You got it. This is one thing that you could do on social media. That's actually Fun, dude. Yeah. So, so Paul, so Palmer's the guy who invented the Oculus riff.


Oh, okay. He, he sold to Facebook at like 24 years old, became a billionaire, and then now has a military company where he creates really high tech weapons. Oh, Actually, I, for the, actually I've definitely seen this called and Yeah, he's, he's incredible. Yeah. Just an, just a specimen of a human. We're lucky to have him. But he, he, he founded this company called Mod Retro. And he, he is basically doing modern technology and retro consoles, and the first one they did is chromatic. So like, the game, the game Boy color reimagined with modern tech and it's, it's, I'm, I'm addicted to it, bro. It's, it's Like every game on it, it's like, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


You, the cartridges, You have to use the Cartridges. Yes. Have to use the cartridges. It's, it's, bro, I know it sounds ridiculous, but like the nostalgia is part of like Yeah, yeah, for Sure. For Sure. Part Of the feeling that you get when you play it. And, and the, the screen's back lit like a sapphire display. Every pixel is color, excuse me, color matched to the original game. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's brilliant. But I say that because like, when I, when I was addicted to these games growing up, like I didn't, I, I didn't think I was gonna be a professional gamer. I was really kind of just wasting time. It's Yeah, yeah. You know, and like, looking Back. Yeah. Yeah. And so, like, I, I kind of asked that question about time wasting is 'cause like, man, video games are so big.


It's, they're such a good like, escape for, for people and especially like kids in general. But do you think, do you think, do you think it's, do you think there's like levels to it? And do you think there's like monitoring that needs to be done by like, parents or people themselves for them to realize like, wow, I'm, I'm not actually like, this has gone too far and I'm playing this way too much. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think it's healthy to be playing all day every day. But I, it's like, it's hard for me to say that because that's what I did. Yeah. And I made a career out of it, so I'm like, were You addicted? Yeah, probably. Yeah. For Sure. Have you been addicted to anything else?


Yeah. Drugs? Nah, not really. Maybe when I was younger, I smoked weed, but I haven't smoked weed in like, 10 years. Oh Really? You gave it up? Yeah. That's, I don't think that's productive either. Yeah. Tell me about it. I just don't, I don't know, like, like weed's cool. Like being high is cool. I mean, I get a little bit anxious now smoking, but, You know, I just, I just feel like it's not productive. Especially in certain spaces. Like, there's definitely, like, if you're like an artist or something, and it helps with creativity. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. But like, if you're like, if you're like working the drive through and you're just fucking blitzed, like, like maybe this isn't that good.


Yeah. But I feel like, I feel like there's like a, But the job sucks Too. That's, well, that's what I was gonna say. I feel like that. Exactly. But it doesn't help. I feel like there's like a threshold. I feel like there's like a threshold, like a fine line. Yeah. Where like, weed doesn't work, right? Yeah. So like, jobs that really suck. Yeah. You wanna smoke weed at, 'cause they're, they're just so bad and you're just like, do you just want to be high? Just survive the day. Yeah. And then jobs that like really involve high performance. Like, you have to ve like a stock trader, like Yeah. That's on the moment. Or like a Fortnite player. Yeah. Like Fortnite and video games. Like if you're trying to compete, like Yeah, Adderall. Adderall is really popular. That helps soap Popular. 'cause it is a Stimulant. But we is just, I don't know.


So are you, are you like not getting Alcohol? Alcohol does not help. Yeah. No. Alcohol's The worst with any performance, anything. It's just not maybe a podcast. Have a few beers in a podcast. Like Yeah. That's all, that's fun. Yeah. That's fun. I mean, dude, for me that's what alcohol is, is for I use it as like a tool to help me be more social. Yeah, yeah. No, it definitely does that for Sure. But it's, I think it's so bad. It's so bad. That's, That's probably why most people, A hundred percent That feeling. It's, it's a very social thing. And it has been for like, the dawn of time since alcohol was invented, it's A social lubricant. It gives you, for Sure, it gives you like the, like what you did. What's a, it's a term. It's not in make, but it's, You know, people use it.


'cause they don't have the, they don't have charisma or bravado. So they add, You know, liquid. They call it liquid courage. Liquid courage. You know. But If you, if you already have bravado like you do, and It always made me worse. Oh, oh. Made worse. It blunts, it blunted me, dude. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. But he's just got, he's just like extroverted naturally so much. Yeah. You are More like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Chill. I'm chill. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a, What is it? Introverted, introverted extrovert. Like, I'm pretty introverted as well. And if you're, and if you're like super reliant on like, on like wit and like quick access to like funny shit. Yeah. Which is like my bread and butter. Yeah. Like I need to be able to access it quick. Then if you get, once you get blunted, you lose your edge and then you're just, then you're just everybody else at the party. You know what I'm saying?


You know what I'm saying? So it's like, and alcohol's just really, it's so funny because like society has made, it's obviously so legalized. You can go to any store and buy it, but it's actually like probably the worst thing for you. Yeah. Like of all the things like you, like if I had, if I had been just a drinker, like a heavy, heavy chronic alcoholic for 10 years, I would look way worse than 10 years of heroin. Way worse than, yeah, You're right. The Way worse, bro. Yeah. It's really re it's bad for you to, well, technically heroin at this current modern moment. Not when I was doing it. You, you wouldn't make it 10 years. 'cause you get fentanyl and die.


Yeah. Cool To say. Unfortunately. But that's kind of where we're at. It's, but alcohol's bad for you, dude. But it, Mike it's what I said. It's like alcohol is a part of culture. Like most Cultures, it's starting to dial back. The sober curious community is huge right now, bro. And there's a lot of like, tell Me about this. What is that dude? Companies like Athletic. Athletic. It's like a non-alcoholic company outta Connecticut, believe it or not, that makes non-alcoholic beers ale. It's just called athletic. There's a few of 'em, but this is a big one. Anyways. Yeah. People are drinking those, they're, they're, they're not drinking alcohol because they know that it's bad for you. They know that it's, yeah. You know, it's, it's a poison dude. So there's a lot of, there's a lot of like 16, 17, 18-year-old kids now that have never been to a keg party.


They've never done a keg stand. They de they've never drank jungle juice. They've never ran around a party naked like I was. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, you remember what keg party, I'm sorry dude, but truthfully, I hate to say this, but keg parties may have been my peak. Like, keg parties were the best thing they ever had. What Is a keg party? Just where like, you go with your seniors, you grab a full keg of course. Like, you stuff it in one of those like big blue tubs with ice. And Well just think about everyone's underage. Like how do they get a ke Yeah. How did You get a cake? That's One of the homies, like older homies. Go get it. And like, you, you tap it. And like whoever's house that it's at that night is like the big dog in the city that night.


And they're like, yeah, we're going to Nick EYs house. And like everybody pulls up. Everyones doing ke stands. Yeah, ke stands. And like, the right music's playing beer pongs going like, I never had that experience. That sucks. I know. I'm kidding about that being peak. But like, truthfully, that sucks because that is sick dude. I'm sorry. It's just a, it's such a rite of path. You did. Yeah. We had a keg party at like, my mom and her boyfriend at the time. They just moved out of the house. Yeah. And I knew he still owned it and there was no one there, so I was like, let's throw a fucking party. No. Yes. Well, we had a, yeah, we had a keg in the living room. And I remember there was, we did so many cake stands in the, in the kitchen that there was like a layer of beard on The ground. You can't, you can't protect yourself from those weird things you don't think of. Like, we had keg parties every weekend.


Like every weekend. So it was at this kid's house that we had fields that we would go to. Yeah. But my mom, I had a single mom parent and my mom would go to work. And so when she would go to work, I took a couple of those opportunities to throw keg parties at my house. 'cause you just get to be the big swinging dick where everybody's like, yeah, we're going to fucking maax. And I was like a, I was like a sophomore at the time. So the seniors would come and I'd ve like, only like 60 people are com I didn't sound like that, but as a sophomore. As a sophomore. Every sophomore sounds like that. Only 60 bro. Fast forward to like 10:45 PM there's like four or 500 people. Oh God. Like the rival schools there. The kids from law are there foreigns. Everybody's smoking weed. My little sister's at the door with her friends, Caitlyn and, and Brittany.


And all the seniors are screaming, let the freshmen out. Let the, and I told my sister, I'm like, do not fucking come outside. So then they're outside booze in my sister's like, You know, 60, 15, 16 years old, have getting trashed with the seniors. So I clean everything up. I get everybody outta the house. Everybody's gone. I clean the whole backyard, dude. We make sure there's not a single can dude, because my mom had already told me, dude, if you do this again, like, I'm gonna kick you outta the fucking house. Yeah. Nothing. Right. I go to sleep, I wake up the next morning, get your fucking ass off. Get out here. You can never predict this. Every single blade of grass in the backyard was flat. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


It looked like a circus. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Like, like, bro, there was No way for me to have predicted that specific marker, dude. Like, I could have been out there raking and with like a leaf blower trying to stand 'em all back up. And then of course they started finding all the bottles broken in the street and shit. Now I was in trouble, dude. And that's when I started doing heroin. Damn. Not, not after. Well no, but In high School. Oxycon. Yeah. It was a rough high school career for me. Man. Still, still kind of rough for me, man. Wait, can we talk about beef for a second? Because you knew I was gonna, we gotta talk about some smoke. Okay. We talked about, we talked about you, you killing Ninja, but at one point you actually wanted to kill Ninja, like IRL.


Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I tried to, I wanted to, I wanted to box him. What was the, Or whatever. What was the beef, why would you say the beef happened? So I Got suspended on Twitch for like saying some racial thing that, I don't remember what it was something stupid. It was like the raccoon thing or something. I don't remember what exactly it was for. But anyway, I Got suspended on Twitch and he reached out to my partner, ship manager and like tried to like, get them to like permanently terminate my account. Oh, damn. Behind my back. So that's kind of what set that off. Oh damn. That's pretty serious. Why? Because you were a threat probably, right?


Yeah, I was just a threat to him and, and the space. So he tried to kind of eliminate me at the time. Whoa. And it was just like, it's, I mean, at the time I was just mad 'cause I was like, You know, I know where rivals whenever, but like, it's never, it was never that deep for me. So at the time I was just upset about That. So then, so then how did you respond to when you found out? I was just pissed, But, but, but how did it get to a point where you were like trying to box him? Did you ever have words of them? I don't know. I don't, I don't think so. I think that was kinda like a public, I feel like you would've smoked them. Probably. I don know. Can you, you can fight a little bit, right? A little bit. I did, I did like Jiujitsu and MMA when I was like a, like a little kid.


And then I boxed for like six months when I was like 18. But that's about it. So you have a little base. Yeah. But nothing, but You're crazy. Super. But you're athletic though. 'cause you can do every Skateboard. Skateboard. Yeah. You do flips off of bridges. Yeah. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. No, we've, I mean, dude, before I was a gamer, I was a skim boarder and stupid idiot. Florida man athlete I guess so. Florida guy. Yeah. But no, I never really got into the boxing, whole boxing thing too much. That Would've been fun. I Think it would've been fun. Yeah. I mean everybody, I mean, people told me for like 40 years. Like, you gotta beat up chick. He's beating up everybody. You're our guy. They're our guy. They're like, you gotta start trading. You gotta put an end to this.


Like, they were like, Oh God. You were, you became the chosen one to stop Jake. Yeah. I don't know. He's unstoppable now, unfortunately. Yeah. Tough. That's a good point. Way, way too late to even think about that. He's Too late. Yeah. And also he's like 2 25 now. Yeah. He's big. Yeah. He's bigger than you. Yeah. He's he's thick dude. Yeah. Yeah. Wider. He's wider than me. Horizon or keeps growing horizontally. Yeah. It's crazy. Okay. Well then there's an even more infamous one, which was obviously the notorious RELEASE, THE CONTRACT phase. Oh God, Man, we, we quoted that so many times, so many times in our house, Man. Much Could be anything. Like we tell the chef, release the release, the release, release the dinner. Like, like, dude, you, we turned it into so many things.


I remember that became such a meme. Like Oh yeah. People were sending bot signs out the club club. Like Still Yeah, yeah, yeah. People like reply to like my shit on social media with like the picture of me. Like in like the Hollywood Hills, like Yeah. Hiking. You were hiking. I remember that video like it was yesterday, dude. Oh my gosh. Okay. So, so let's run through this like quickly. Has anything changed from that story? Is like, is there more stuff that you can like talk about now since it's been so long? Or like where, I don't know, I just, it's, I just kind of like, we just kind of moved on. Moved on. Yeah. Moved on from it. I mean, I'm cool with all those guys. I mean, there's no, no bad blood there. You talk to banks at all? Yeah, I do. Sometimes.


He's kind of off doing his own thing now. He is. Yeah. He's He's doing all kinds of things. I never really know what he's doing. Yeah. I, to be honest with you, Who knows what he's doing right now? He's Doing something. There's something, yeah, he's somewhere in the, in the like intersection of like fashion horrors and like four Locos and sobriety and like a lot of things all at once. He's, he, I mean, banks is a very, very smart person dude. He's a very, he's a, a visionary for Sure. I I did not like the beef era for you two. Yeah. Yeah. That was shitty to watch. Yeah. It was just a, it was a weird, it was a weird part of the, of the chapter of my, You know, what'd You guys settle for in the lawsuit?


No comment. Did You, did You make the money or did they make the money Or no Money? No, no money Exchange. Dude. No comment. No comment. Can you, can you give us a hint? No. Use, use like an analogy. No. Who is right though? Who is more right Dude, I don't, I don't, I don't fucking know. I think, I think we were both in the wrong in a lot of ways. Really? Yeah. Did, did that whole, I I will say that whole situation did fix a lot of like eSports contracts in the, in the whole industry A lot. Do you consider yourself a martyr? A martyr? What do You mean by that? Like, someone who had to die for a cause.


Yeah. I mean, a little bit. Yeah. I think, I mean, I don't think, I don't think either parties benefited from that situation, but I do feel that there is, there was a lot of bad contracts at the time from different organizations within the space that kind of rewrote and, You know, it, it cleaned up those 'cause it wasn't just that one. For Sure. For Sure, for Sure. When you think about it, like it gave every, it was such a high profile moment. It get, it gave every new streamer and content creator a moment to pause and say, okay, who, oh, who am I trusting? Who am I talking to? Who are the people in my corner? And it gave every brand agency and c and management company a moment to pause and say, oh shit.


So this is how bad things can get for us. Yeah. If we fuck over creators that are on the come up. Because you made a lot of noise with that. And You know, to the point of the countersuit from phase, and I'm not getting into right or wrong, but like, it, it, it probably caused a level of damage to, and I'm not saying that, that it was wrong to have done it Right. To have done it, whatever, but it probably did cause some temporary damage to the, to the brand, you know, so it was like, I think it just was a moment for people to pause and say, okay, we should probably rethink about, rethink these things, you know, as we do 'em and slow down. Yeah. There was a lot of people, whether they were with a gaming organization or a, You know, talent agency or whatever that would ve like, dude, I have this contract, like what do I do?


And they would send me their contracts and it would ve like really bad. Yeah. It's sick now. How you can use Chad GBT to kind of just ve like, Hey, what are the red flags on this? Yeah. No matter how old you are, dude, Every day we use it. Do do you really? Yes, bro. I'm, I'm a daily chat GBT user. Dude. I used, we used chat GBT earlier to try to get the wrinkles out of these nylon pants because I, they were so wrinkly. They still in my backpack. You're like, yeah, I'm wearing nylon pants. They're like, oh, I Got one pair. I found it. They were just in the bottom of my backpack. Yeah. From when I was in London. It looked like, like a fucking raisin. So I'm like, how do I do this? Like, I don't wanna melt them as like, yeah. How'd you do it? Oh, low heat in the jar, throwing a damp rag in there. And I get the moisture there and I'm like, I did it. It worked. Oh my God.


Brilliant. It's brilliant. I'm, it's incredible. It's just crazy. Are You worried about the flip side of things and the potential for AI to destroy the human civ civilization? Yeah. I'm, hopefully, hopefully we get to see every second. Yeah, that Is true. I feel like I, jokes aside, I do feel like personally I'm a person who's kind of like built for the apocalypse. Like I feel like I'd, I'd be ready for something like that and my brother certainly would. Yeah. It's, yeah. Just, it's so much artillery mainly. Do you feel like if an apocalypse happened, you'd be ready? Yeah. Oh yeah. No, we talked about it. Yeah. Oh, you, you guys are, you got your bug out bag. Well, we just got boats, so we just go. Yeah. Going Where? Where you going? You can go wherever.


Well, it's not a bad answer. Well how, how would you get gas? That's, that's the tough part. Gas. Come On bro. You gotta think about these things. Dude. Gas would be crazy on a boat because What I, how are you, We can get, I can get to Mexico though. So What's there? Yeah, We can Hold on everybody. Slow down, slow down. Go go back to your, to your spot. 'cause you did, you made a claim, bro, that you're built for the apo. How, how you live on a, you live on an island. What are you gonna, what are you going to eat when you My my ticket to fame is I can catch fish and survive off. Who knows? He, he, he has a skill set that will be so valuable. Apocalyptic times hunting. Yep. Hunting and gathering fish from the ocean. I'll tell you one thing, one thing you don't do if you're at a true doomsday prepper is talk about your full plan.


Oh, here We go. I'm just saying you can't, you can't do it because what happens is Drop the pin. Where Is it? People Will flock to you. I'm sure you'll come knocking on my door and of course we'll let you in. But now we gotta like, you gotta now provide for the Klan. I'll pro dude, listen, so much of post apocalypto life is about mindset and energy. Yeah. I at least bring the good vibe. That's true. Like bro, dude, people, people will die in the apocalyptic, apocalyptic world from just like, I hate to say it, just like b like boredom and sadness and despair. Can You die from boredom? No. No. Well, I didn't wanna say especially on this particular program. Yeah. I didn't wanna say on this Particular program, But, but You know what I'm saying, like despair, but Not physically.


No. No, but I'll, I'll tell you, I'll tell you one mentally, one quick little prep. Yeah. One quick, quick little prep. Our house is filled with res. Yeah. Filled with res like Protein Bars. Me already. Nah, No, no, no. Like real army Res. Oh. Like our army. ME like we have, we have years of supply worth of food in every single house. Oh, Those last Forever. Long time. Really? For, they got World War II Ones. I think I've seen some people eating like The World War ii disgusting. And they were gross. So they can't last forever. Nah, not forever, but man, we got like 40, 50 years, then we just get more. But you gotta think of your water supply. You gotta think of how you're gonna get food. You gotta think of protection because that's the Raiders, condoms, the marauders are gonna come.


And, and You know, we, we, you said, what'd you say? Condoms. You Said protection. I don know what you Oh no, no, Dude. No, that's, that's honestly not a bad, like, it's not a bad thing for you to invest in is like, You know, food or like even ammo or whatever because You know, my biggest fear one day is like, wake up and all the money that's on your phone is just gonna be gone. That's Why you can't have phone money. That's You can't Phones gold. Gold things that could be used for barter, alcohol, caffeine. Yeah. But even if you have money like in like, You know, some like, You know, in stocks or like, You know, funds Or can't do stocks, whatever. Can't do, can't do stocks, Irresponsible. All that is floating in the air somewhere. You know what I mean? Like what, what's stopping it one day for like AI to do something or whatever and you just wake up and all that is just gone.


You getting gold coins, Then you're gonna have That shit just sounds like It sucks, bro. No gold coins bro. Gold Gold's been around since the beginning of the time. Go Gold is the gold was no Gold has at some point the basis of our, of our. Yeah. But gold has no value in a post Pocket physically. Yeah. I Don't, I It Doesn't because, because gold. No, I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I disagree. So then Why Is it money then? What about cash then? Yeah, Kind. I'm with you about this one because like if there's an apocalypse or some shit and like I'm starving and you're like, don't worry, I have gold. I'm like, what the fuck gonna do with gold? I'm hungry at first. You're absolutely sandwich. Absolutely. Right. At first, you're absolutely right. It'll be useless. But when the hierarchy starts to get established again and people still develop roles and like climb those ladders, eventually gold will have use.


Yeah. Eventually. But like, You gotta like long term it Was Elon time. Yeah. But it's gonna, Is it gonna, Bro, I've been watching a lot of last of us bro. And I'm ready last, I'm fucking ready. Hey, if That were the case then, did you not notice that there's not a single instance in the entire show where gold is ever mentioned? Not that We know of. What do you mean? All we know is what we know. You can't say not to. There's no gold. Do you wanna know what there is? Large fences, big guns. Yeah. Food hunters gathers, horses. Have all of it have water and gold. No You don't because I've been to your house. You have like golf carts and where you island. But Mike, that's golf carts, pickle. That's the primary residence.


And by the way, pickleball will be great in the apocalypse I guess. Good. Be insane. I don know I won't be joining you. I'll be finding out where the nukes are hitting and I'll be running towards, he's Puerto Rico. He might Actually better off not Stick around for this bullshit dude. No. Puerto Rico might not be Trust Me. Me bro. There's no world where you're better off in Puerto Rico. Really? Whatcha talking about? I feel ve like, I Feel like Puerto Rico is better For Sure. Well for the apocalypse an Island. Yeah. They Have good produce too, right? Hell yeah. Self sustaining Produce. They've been, dude, it's, they've kind of been like self-sustaining for like a while. I feel like. What? Good. Whoa. What's your best Fortnite story? Oh yeah. Do you have one? What do you mean? Like in The game? I don Yeah. What's the most epic thing you've done in Fortnite? Dude, I don't know. Probably just turn winning tournaments.


Damn. Nah dude. We're gonna actually need you to provide like this, I'm gonna need you to say something and it needs to be in vivid detail. You need to, Oh God. Yeah. We're looking because Our beam told us a story about how he didn't move in Fortnite. He didn't move and he won the game. He hitting a Tree. Did you ever do any weird Fortnite shit? In Fortnite? Yeah. I remember there was one time where I was in a tournament and there was like a lot of money on the line. I think it was the last game of the series and I was in my one by one box stuff and I just decided like leg game to just go take a piss. So I just got up and peed and I, I came back and luckily I was still alive and I went on to win the game and win the tournament. That's pretty ballsy Dude. I had to go. Yeah. What Was I gonna do? Had to have really pissed some people off.


Yeah. This guy's great. I'll be here all week. Is That a soft fish on your leg? Yeah, it's, that's what exactly what it is. Why? I don't know. I just got it a while ago. It's like single needle, so it's light. But I just think they're cool. Pretty cool, cool fish. They're like kind of ex like going extinct. Really? Can you eat them? No, they're like super protected. Oh really? Yeah. Have you ever caught One? Nah. You can catch 'em though, but it's super illegal. You ever seen any, you ever seen anything funky out there in the ocean? Couldn't be explained. No. Like you mean like aliens or something? USOs. USOs, Unidentified submerged objects.


No, I've never seen any. I I mean I've, I've, You know, I've listened to podcasts and heard stories about crazy stuff, but I've never, I've never seen, You know, you ever Seen anything crazy in the ocean? You ever seen a Giant Listen to the podcast though? Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. Have you ever, this is the my main fishing question for everybody. 'cause it's Have you ever caught a boot? A Boot? Yeah. You know, I like, like a cartoon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like back in like dude, you just No, I just reel in a fucking boat. I was on a boat one time though and someone thought they had a fish and they reeled up a starfish, which is a Random Oh yeah. Whoa. I feel like that happens. Yeah, that's, that's dude, it's so funny when don't think that happens, Right? It's so funny when Brandon We're like, hundreds of feet of water Boot to me is number one A boot would be crazy. Yeah. Like full of water and you reel it in from, it's like, oh man, it's a boot dude.


I thought it was a fish. That's a boot. That's what happened to reel In a boot. Dude. I wish. That'd be awesome. I'm telling you it happens, bro. Happened to people on the Oregon Trail. I mean, you think about like Titanic, like it's just boots left. 'cause that's the only thing that didn't die. Yeah. Wow. Did you make that up or is that true? No, it's true. Yeah. On the Titanic, like the only thing that didn't like, like dissolve and like get fucked up was like the, like leather. Whoa. So like the boots, like all the leather boots and stuff. I just saw this, how would I say this composite image of, I think it's over 5,000 images taken in really vivid detail of the Titanic.


And you can finally see how the Titanic is sitting at the bottom of the ocean in one picture. It's pretty, it's pretty interesting. Pretty spooky down there. Would you Go? No. Especially not after the Ocean Gate incident. Oh God. And the Netflix documentary is coming out about that. Did you guys see that? No, I didn't see that. There was a Netflix documentary. I did see the incident. It's quite astounding how fast a aluminum can can just implode bro. Yeah. It insane. Instantaneous. It's, it's, it's so fast. You like, I mean, I couldn't even imagine. What Do you think the sound, what do you think make the sound that you think it made when it happened? No, no. It's it's a massive, massive boom. Really massive.


Yeah. I just, yeah, it probably would be loud. I don't know. Just Say it was loud as Fuck. Well dude, I like, I spearfish too sometimes. I'm like, dude, when you're down, like even 50 feet under the water, like, dude sound travels. The, the pressure in your head. Oh yeah. And like, especially with bad sciences, like couldn't imagine being thousands. Thousands. Do You do Well 'cause I did that dive in Dubai at the deep dive. Oh, oh yeah. Big Bro. And I was, I was with Craig Jones and we, you every like, story, every 10 feet you would go down or like nine or 10 feet you would stop and like, Like Reset and then go down further. It's, it's, the ocean is just very scary to me.


It's a very scary place. And not even just the ocean, but just the idea of being underwater and using a breathing apparatus. I, I was able to get past it and I Got down like, I think it ve like six stories down maybe. But there we actually went down and actually went under into rooms. Yeah. That's when I start to real, the anxiety really starts to spike. 'cause you're like, ooh. You go, You know, the be the only thing that can make you feel good about being underwater is seeing the surface. Like you wanna look up and see the light. Yeah. When you go under like, or like we were sitting in a car, like inside a car like an old Mercedes that's like parked on level six and you're just like, dude, like what if I get stuck? Like, 'cause 'cause the one thing that will happen is if you're a newbie and you can't, it can't happen is like you have the potential to have a freak out.


Freak out. Yeah. And, and to pull back from a freak out. It's six stories down. I'm Surprised they say you stick six stories down. Your first, Your first. That was, that was the first scuba diving experience ever. We were and we were start, we were getting close to max in Dubai. They would've let us go down maybe a little bit further. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. And the first one I first went in, I had a little freak out at like one story down and that was like, that was like when I Got over it. Whoa. And I was like, okay. So this is all about staying calm. It's just all about Yeah. Just breathing and like, you can't like, because You know my mind bro. Yeah. At any moment like I can just ve like fuck, fuck, fuck. Get get outta Here. Yeah. And you can't, you got to let your, you have to let the oxygen outta your lungs when you go up too. 'cause if you breathe and go up, then your lungs will explode. What's it called? Yeah. What's it called? The skims. The spuds. The ends, the bends. Bends. Bends.


Bends. The bends. Dude, you can end up, you could be bent. Bent. He'll be bent And a Bent. Were you certified or Is it just like, not Certifiably insane. Yeah, that's True. For Sure. Yeah. Trying to researching meds right now, to be honest. So far. What do you like to eat? Yeah. What's, what's on the palate? What's your favorite food? Honestly, dude. Is it fish? No, I don't really eat that much. Fish. You like Burgers? Yeah dude, I eat everything. I like Mexican food though. Oh you do? Honestly. Yeah. We got the old Chipotle over there. That's not Mexican food, but What is it Kevin? Is it?


That's like American Mexican food. Look at Him. Oh. Oh. Mexican American. Wait, So wait, so you have a Mexican spot down here? You go to Yeah. You nephew. You have to miss LA for that a little bit. LA was is the fucking Yeah, I mean whatever the food in LA was good. Good. But I think there's good food everywhere now. It's like Yeah. It's like a democratized service. Yeah. Maybe. Do you think you'd be in Tampa forever? I don't know. Like where else would you go? I feel like, I feel like this is your home. Yeah. I don't know where I would go honestly. Maybe, maybe somebody else, somewhere else in Florida or So far. I don Dunno.


That might have been the most Florida man answer I've ever heard. Florida man. If you didn't live in Tan a lot, how, where would you live? I don't know. I mean there's a lot of places in Florida. Like it's the extent of his entire, like, worldview is Florida related. Like Pensacola, Sara's Like dude, there's Fort Myers. I Like, I'm Jupiter. Jupiter, Jupiter. Even Jupiter, Florida, anywhere outta Florida that you are a fan of? Yeah. Like other countries. Not really in. Who's your pickle partner? I don't really have one actually. My buddy Sean. I play sometimes. Really? Really? Yeah. Pickle's. Pickle's fun dude. Alright, so what's up? I mean, you're 20 seven years old. Like, what are you gonna do until you're 30? I don't know. Who knows? Maybe it'll pop out some kids here soon.


Oh really? Yeah. Nice. How's being a father? It's sick dude. It's Sick. Yeah. Ever since it's spawned in, you just switched up a little bit or Yeah. Little baby girl. I wouldn't say I've switched up that much. Not, not, not, not really yet. I think, I think for, for dads it takes a little longer to hit. Yeah. Because the, the mother, at least in our situation currently, is doing the majority of the work. Like, I help out where I can, I just try to be there to support. But I think when, when my daughter gets a little more autonomy's able to like walk around and play a little bit, then I'll be able to have more of a role in like truly helping.


But yeah, it's incredible. Do you gotta Have a role the whole time? Come on now. No, I'm mean, I'm, I'm her dad. I'm, I'm, I'm there, but like, I I, I, I've heard, I've heard this from a lot of dads and now that I'm eight months deep, I, I feel it is like, we were talking to someone recently and it's like when the baby turns two, that's when I think the dad is like, oh hey, like, nice to meet you. Like, yeah, yeah. I'm your dad, you Know? Well, don't make sure you delivered this properly. Like, because before you get Well you, he dude, he's with her every morning. Yeah. Like he spends a ch big chunk of time with her. He just No, I'm, I'm, I'm literally doing as much as I Possibly can. But you're just saying there's just not much to do right Now. I, I mean yeah. Other than like, You know, I, I'll hang out with her Yeah.


And like occupy her when, when I'm free and Nina needs some help. But like, the relationship for me at the moment primarily is supporting Nina with Esme. I think from like, that's just, Oh. 'cause Esme is still in the blob stage A little bit. She's very much a baby, you know? Yeah, yeah. She's she's very much still a baby. She Sometimes goes like this. Ah, oh, it just screamed. Oh, we Did have our first conversation this morning. What'd she say? We were screaming At each other. You and your daughter? Yeah. Yeah. She just screams. She goes, ah, Ah, I, Oh, it was like the sims basically. Yeah. It was a good back and forth. It, it, I, i swear to God it was the first time I've like communicated with like, we've had a conversation.


I don dunno what we were saying, But it's like that video, the two babies that we're talking next to the dude, that's one of the best video. I love That. Well, congrats dude. I mean, Thank you. I feel like you're gonna be a good girl, dad. I'm a, I'll be honest with you, dude, I feel like I am a pretty good girl, dad. Yeah. I'm, I I I love this little girl so much. And, and you'll see when it happens. But it's by far the most rewarding experience of the human experience. Are you nervous for like, when she gets older and, You know, start Fucking course starts. You gotta start meeting up boys. Of course dude, of course. I'm not even gonna, I'm not even going to do that. Like, tough, tough, overbearing dad thing. If, if, You know, she, she brings like a, a boy home one day or like, You know, I, I, I meet some of these guys, I'm just gonna ve like, look dude, I'm not gonna do the whole like, intimidating dad thing, but like I, let me remind you, her uncle is Jake Paul.


And to take that even further, her grandfather is Greg Paul. So like, I'm the least of your concerns, dude. Like, do not fuck this up. You're Not gonna tell, you're not gonna tell about me. Yeah. Come On. Yeah. Yeah. There's, I'll say, and also Mike is in the equation somewhere. Yeah. Don mess with me. Right? Don't mess with Me Mike. He's, he's got like the mental attacking, You know? Yeah. Yeah. I'll bang your mom. Holy Shit. How's that sound? How's that sound buddy? Yout. See that guy? How's that sound? You fuck over his daughter? I'm gonna fuck your mom. Okay. How's that sound? So maybe don't do that. Okay. Oh God. True, true. Alright Bro. Well that's all I Got.


Fu Wait, why you called fu? That was just a four letter gamer tag that I found when I was a young lad. Oh, No relevance to anything. Nah, people always wanna say, oh, it stands for Turner, fucks up everyone or whatever. But no, it was just a four letter name I That makes me happy. And I think, and it really, I think it really, it like is good for you. Like, that story really makes sense. I wish there was something, I wish there was a cool story behind it, but it was just short. He's, it means absolutely nothing. Yeah. Isha, Dude, this was great. Yeah dude, thanks For joining us. Thanks for having me on. Yeah, I Got, I Got, I Got, thanks for having me.


Having, thanks for hosting. This is, This is a good time to end the podcast too 'cause I'm about to piss myself, so. Oh yeah, You do that. Okay. Okay. You can use the bathroom. So yeah, dude, I'll come join you fishing one day. Maybe I'll come out to Puerto Rico when We can play some pickleball. Catch some Barracuda. I know you got like six courts there. My buddy lives there. Yes, We do. Yes we do. Yeah, bro, that'd be awesome. All right, ladies and gentlemen, Tfue, hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.