
Ladies and gentlemen, we have The Undertaker in the house. When you Threw mankind off the top of the cell, did you think you Killed him? He's got This huge, what I think is a booger in his nostril. Come to find out his tooth. Oh my. Were You nervous to start showing your actual personality? Once I retired from the ring, I had a little bit of a, who the hell am I here? Right. Coming back at WrestleMania 40 to choke, slam the rock, have me feeling like a Kid Again. So I'm up in the suite chilling with my family. Right. I told my wife, yeah, I'll be back in a minute. I kfa everybody. I worked on that move for months In my day. I could never imagine doing that. There is Basically zero margin for error. I don't want to ever do that move again. Yeah. I wouldn't blame you.


I gotta Ask, I have to ask, what does it take to get you back in character 9:59 AM Unbelievable. No belt. The former US champion. How dare you imagine being known as that. How dare you? In the city of Cleveland, my hometown Ohio. That son of a strip me of my title in my hometown. I cannot think of a worse situation than the one we're in right now. Yeah. I have nothing. Hold on a second. What? Well, that could, I guess that's technical. No, wait, wait. Whoa.


I. don, I thought you were gonna scream. I thought we were gonna be like, I just was processing it. Do we just use that? We just bring him in. We just use that. Alright. Alright, alright. Alright. We needed, we need a little work on that. On, I thought you were gonna scream. Well, 'cause I just was in so much fear of the dead man. Dude, that I couldn't, I was, I was shook, dude. Yeah. Just speechless. Yeah. Basically. What's up, brother? Wow. Wow. Mark. Oh Man. How you guys doing? Did we Botch that? Did We run? How you feeling? Man? I'm sore. I would imagine you would be. I'm in pain. Yeah. That one hurt. That was the, that was the most painful one yet. Yeah.


But as I was telling you, as long as I'm not injured, that's always the biggest blessing. Oh, absolutely, man. Anytime that you walk out and are not injured. Yep. You gotta kind of count your blessings and you push the, you push the envelope anyway. In a business that's already exponentially dangerous. And then you just walk a little bit further out there on the edge. So. Well, I have to, I have to because they say I'm a part-timer. Which is, which is kind of true. Which is But stop, Stop talking about me ladies and gentlemen. We have The Undertaker in the house. INSANE. Dude. This, this is crazy. By far. One Of the most excited podcasts for Sure. Well, Thank you for having me, man.


Thank you, Thank you for coming. Dude. Bright and early by the way. I was actually, yeah. It is bright and early. Honestly. Actually, last night I thought, no, they're gonna cancel. Like, I was like 0% chance. Yeah. I saw you before the match. Yeah, I was. And you'd say, good luck. Kill it out there. I'll see you in the morning. I was like, yep. 10:00 AM brother. Like I, I'm running at four hours of sleep. I Got a plane waiting on me brother. I'm sorry. Oh really? Oh yeah. I'm going home, man. Yeah, yeah. I saw, I saw him backstage. I was walking with Kristen before, before your match and I was like, dude, I wonder what this guy's like. 'cause I grew up watching him. Yeah. And that, and that Undertaker persona is just so much larger than life and so dread inducing and Kristen's just like, he's really the nicest guy.


And like, I was just like, man, I, and I, and I walked past and I was like, should I, Hey, what's up? And I was like, and you were having a conversation. I was like, nah, I'm just gonna keep 'em moving. I'll meet 'em tomorrow. It it, it's funny because people, they have a hard time now separating. Right. Especially even our talent. Like, because I was there for so long, a lot of our talent grew up watching me. I wrestled their dads. you know, there's some guys that I wrestled their dads and I've wrestled them. It's how long I was there. Generational. And, And You know. They pretty much got the, the, the same thing. So now when people are actually getting to see Mark Callaway, there's a little bit of a disconnect. Like, he, he's just a dude. Well that was is just a guy that Was your doing too.


I mean, you, you were so protective of The Undertaker brand the whole time that you, you know, participated in, during all your appearances that you, you know, you didn't show Mark at all. Right. So, so now has it become, has it been that much more difficult to kind of separate the two beings? It was At, at first, you know, once, once I retired from the ring, I had a little bit of a, a time period there. I was like, alright, who, who the hell am I here? Right. Like, it's like, Did you have have identity Crisis? I, I did somewhat have an identity crisis. Like, like, okay. That part of me, it's over now that it's been ingrained in me to be that loo, you know, that ominous character all the time.


So it took me a while to let now, now You know here at work and everything else. I mean, the guys got to You know, see who I was. But You know the, the public You know it would never, were You nervous to start showing your actual personality? Oh Dude, this is the funny thing. Like, I could get out in front of a stadium like that. Yeah. It could be completely sold out as Undertaker. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm cool. Yeah. It Is it is not a, it's not a thing. Yeah. You put me in front of 10 people and try and get me to like, give a, a speech or anything. As Mark Callaway. Dude, my ass is so puckered. I couldn't No way Y Yeah. I could do it No way. That's Crazy. And so You know when they, they fi they, you know, they called me and they said, Hey, we wanna put you in the Hall of Fame.


I was like, and it wasn't that I wasn't, I wasn't honored that I was just like, I'm gonna have to give a speech No Way as Yourself. I'm gonna have to give a speech as myself. Right. So I, I like, I had to think about it for a while 'cause it was like I had to process it. Like, fuck, okay, this Is it man, this is, if you do this You know here. The curtain's coming wide open and yeah. And here we go. So. Well, you worked so hard to stay in character. Yeah. It both on and out or in and out of the ring. Yeah. It was just, it was just, I wish I could say You know I was that smart to, you know, but I, I, I didn't, I never expected everything that the business has to offer now back then. So it was a great thing that I protected the brand and, and even not knowing that I was, I was just protecting that character and the business for the way it was.


Everybody ran it back then. Such a smart thing to do. Well you, you had the veil of the character, which was, I mean, I, I'll use the word perfect in my opinion. Like, every once in a while you have the perfect concept all come together. And I think we saw that with The. Undertaker, like the storyline, the character, the music, your move set, your height, just your build everything just fit you so perfectly. Which I think contributed to the reason that you were able to remain relevant for 30, 20 plus, 30 years. Like, even, even now, man, it's like you are still The Undertaker and it was because of your commitment to this character.


Yeah. Well, Thank you. Yeah, it was, it was definitely a commitment. And, and it was You know, it, it, it was rough for people too. 'cause you know, everyone had to go along, you know, had to go along with it. Yeah. They had to, they had to sell it too. And then, and everybody, it was all part of the deal. And it, it didn't then, you know, then you see the other side of me like, okay, that's, he's an asshole. But it wa it was business, everything, you know, every, everything was business. And, but now You know I'm in a good place now. Like I'm, I'm in at a place now where okay, I can, I, okay. I I can talk about Undertaker and I can be Mark Callaway and, and it, it's all good. Well, you're, You're a podcaster. Oh, I podcast go that far. I, I, I wouldn't Go as far as calling me a podcaster yet, but we do, we do occupy some, some time here and there.


And that's a, you know, that's a, that was, that was kind of a challenge too, because You know, it, it, it's once thing sitting here being interviewed. But then You know when you're trying to extract. And then You know, I'm sure as you experienced, sometimes you have guests that are You know. Oh Yeah. So then It really puts the work on you. 'cause you've gotta extract You know you've gotta get, we Just talk to each other when that happens. Yeah. You guys start breaking out in Conversation. I'm, I'm dying over here. Right. Okay. I Got it. How many episodes have you done? Of six Feet Under, right? Yeah. Six Feet Under, I think we're about don don't know. 24 or five in Oh, that's Like right when you start grooving. Like, you'll you'll be like, if you're not already, you'll be feeling like a hundred percent.


Like Yeah, I was, it was a couple of shows ago. We, I we were, yeah. Like I said, they're always surprised when I show up and, and, and do it. 'cause I You know I hadn't really embraced it yet. And You know, obviously, I don't know. You've heard of my, my, my group, my boys the BSK. Right. Of course. So, don don't know. I don't, I was feeling it one day and I was like, Hey, if we hit a million subscribers or whatever from Send You know by Mania, I said, we'll do a, we'll do a reunion, a reunion podcast with all the BSK members Right. That are still alive. And I said it and it's out there.


And then I'm like, that was the worst thing that I could possibly done to get all these guys back together. If, if that would, if that happens and don don't get canceled, like, it's impossible No way don don't think No way. Yeah. Yeah. There's Just wildcard like that. Yeah. I don. I mean, I personally, I don't mean, I don't, I think, you know, you only get canceled if you let yourself get canceled. But it there's some wild cards in that group. Yeah, yeah. There are definitely there there's some, there's some interesting personalities that'll, Well, welcome to social media. Oh man. The world of social media will pe where people will pick you apart. Oh Yeah. For Every part of, of, of you You know. And that, and that's the scary thing about, about revealing who you are. Right? Yeah. Because now now you're, now you're not in character.


Right. My guess is, and I don't want to speak for you, but like, you know, what are you gonna say about The Undertaker? You don't know much about him besides he, he shows up and kicks ass. Yeah. But the more Mark talks now you got opinions that could rub people the wrong way. Yeah. Find out more about you. They don't agree That that's the thing though. They're my opinions. So, you know, I think that's the biggest, I think that's the biggest issue with social media is that as that You know people are, we're all allowed. We all have that Right. To have our own opinion. Mm. And we don't have to agree with it. And I'm not going, you know what, if I say something that you don't agree with, I'm not You know. No offense, I'm not gonna lose any sleep over it. And Yeah. But I, I think people are just really way too sensitive today.


And, and I I think there is a, there is a part, I mean, you, we have to, as people be a little more sensitive. Yeah. But I think it's gone too. It's gone way over the top of like, We're in a odd spot. Yeah. Yeah. We're In an odd place right now. Yeah. My, my advice would be just stay off social media. Yeah. That's what I try to do as much as possible. I'm down to like 14, I think 14, 16 hours a day right now. But I'm getting, I've been doing much better. I, I think. Okay. I think I'm gonna take your I think I can handle that. Yeah. You know what it's, and, and two, and like with, with my kids, like with social media, like, and I'm kind of guess where I'm shooting myself in the foot here. 'cause obviously that's what we want is people You know, watching, watching our know, watching know duality.


It's just like, man, don't, don't live vicariously through, through me. Go out and live your life. Yeah. I think there's too many people that just rely on, on, on, on social media and, and, and like I said, we, I'm shooting as You know. I'm, I'm, I'm killing our stuff here. But You know, go out and live your life, man, and, and have your own experiences and, and then, but don't man, don't, don't live your life vicariously through somebody else. There's, there's too much stuff out there to do and enjoy. This summer SLAM's been crazy, crazy. But I've been thinking to myself, I'd like to go to a Cavs game or maybe a Guardians game.


Well, in Cleveland. Sure. Well, today's sponsor's SeatGeek Mike. So yeah. I Got the hookup for you as well. And for the entire audience watching Summer's here, it's time to see your favorite artist and go to your biggest event. Well, they're not your events, but there are other people's events and they're big. And SeatGeek has got the tickets for you. And I Got hook up for you guys. Logan 10 will get you 10% off any tickets at SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. A lot of artists touring. Right. Now I, Billie Eilish, Sabrina Carpenter, and me. Espresso Hosier, Noah Kahan Sack. Brian SeatGeek has got you covered. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dot, green means good and red means bad. Bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. No matter how many times you bought tickets using SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now. Because his offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out seat geek back To the show.


Especially the WWE e fans because I mean, having been able to see it alongside him, I have never experienced a more passionate group of individuals. They're Rabid rab I was just thinking, that's the word I was thinking. Yeah. They're rabid Absolutely. Who are willing to devote themselves to, you know, this org to you, to the other You know people involved in it. And so that's like, for them, that's an even larger pill to swallow. Man. It, the ww the, the, the wrestling fan in general. It, it's just a whole nother breed of You know and God bless 'em. But like I You know I do my One Dead Man show. Right. Which is another kind of deal where I do, it's kind of like a standup deal where I try to tell some funny stories of things that people have always wondered and, and they, the crowd, like, I'll throw a date out.


Right. I've, I've got 30 plus years of, of I don't remember everything. Okay. CTE is real sometimes. I mean, I've had a few concussions and, and yeah. And I will throw something out there that's wrong, like a date or a place or an opponent or whatever. And they'd have no hesitation. Like, no, I was, I was In, I was in Hartford, Connecticut in 1997 and it was such and such and I'm like, okay, okay. But it's like, how on earth do You know that so fast off the top of your head, like, that's a lot of time to, and and then you look at the person I was like, you weren't alive then. Yeah. How, how do You know That you weren't alive? Yeah. So I mean, that's a lot of time on the internet doing some wrestling research so that you can fact check me of my stories, man.


don Don't think there's any other org like that. Absolutely not. No. No. But I i I think it's also different in that while they have such passion for, but whether it's love or hate for their baby face or their heel, it, it's, there's like an understanding and it, the, it it, I think love is the like underlining. Yeah. No, they, they, they love wrestling. They're, they're, they're, they're proud. I think they're proud to be wrestling fans. 'cause I obviously for years and years and years you say, oh man, I watch wrestling. You know, You know people kind of crap on you. But there is a lot of competition in what we do. And you want, you want to be the guy. Well, the criteria isn't just the sport. Absolutely. The criteria is That's a small part of it. Yeah.


Yeah. It's like, what is your move set? Yeah. How are you promos? How do the fans react to You? How are you connecting with your fans? How are you connecting backstage? Are you an asshole? You people like you, like are, do you deserve that spot? Do you Right. Do you deserve to lose the United States title Sore subject there? No, but I mean, before we, before we move on from a little, Little sore No, it's, I'm fine. Okay. Alright. I mean, We can take 'em on. That's fine. Fine. Im sure. Show, but that's fine. Go ahead. Just I, no, but what I wanted to say is, is yeah, You know, obviously it was a rough day at the office last night, but what you've done with your platform for that title has been very impressive.


You've actually made that thing mean something again. And what you, you had it for what, over a year, Year? 279 days. Almost, almost A almost A year. Third longest reigning US title. Yeah. I mean, and what you did and, and like all the places that you go and, and you know, when you with your brother and you've got that belt, man, that's, that, that's that's next level commitment. And, and that's made that belt relevant again. I Tr I tried to take it everywhere. No, I always look, I glue it to my side. And, and, and it's, I bet people will see that, like in this generation of wrestling fans, people will see it and always be like, that's Logan Paul's belt. Yep. I even see, I'm not sure con congratulations to La Knight, but man, I saw him posting the picture and and of him with the belt, my belt.


You're, you're like, whose belt is that? No. Literally I was like, bro, that's my belt. Like, that's, it's just crazy betrayal. See some with someone else. Yeah. But yeah, man, I, I try to do it. I'm, I'm running on four hours of sleep. Mark, you gotta forgive me, bro. Hey bro. I, I was up late last night. I was so excited. Yeah. It's cool to see you backstage as, as a, as a, as a veteran. And, and you still around the scene because you still give a fuck about the product. I, I, I do. And there You know, there's a, there's a handful of guys that still will, you know, they, they want, you know, all, although the product is, is a lot different from when I worked.


But I think there's a lot of elements that I can, like I, I can still, that are still relevant to today's product and You know there, I think there's a, there's a handful of guys that'll come, still pick my brain and I have to do that. Yeah. You brother, if you see me and you got something on your mind, I mean, like I said, today's game is a lot different. So I have to process the information that I give because it is a different product. But there's a lot of the, the root principles of, of, of wrestling that still apply. Are you a fan yourself of wwe e's current product? I, I am. It, it's different. It is like You know.


I've had to stop myself from being that old crusty, you know, old timer. Like I ain't the way we did it. Yeah. You know. But the business is freaking incredible right now. It Is it INSANE. It's, it is absolutely INSANE. So I can't bitch too much about it because you guys are killing it Whenever we ask. Like we had holcon like two weeks ago or three weeks ago or something. And we ask a very similar question about today's product. And there there's always like a little bit of a pause where like, it feels like it looks, it looks almost like you're reminiscing back on 30 years of destruction. Yeah. You know, real destruction.


What, what, in your mind, like what's the core difference, core difference between today and yesterday's product? So one, there was a really high turnover of my, my generation and my guys, and then the new new guys that are coming up. And I think, and, and, and for you too, this would be a, I think there's, the guys are so athletic, like the things like the, the the springboard thing. It's like, that's video game shit, brother. Like, I couldn't have in my day, I couldn't have never, I even imagined doing that. Like, it was just like, and I guess it is from the generations playing video games and like, we shut up.


I could do that. Right. And I was like, holy shit. But what You know, I, again, those kind of moves increase the risk again, like I said earlier, exponentially. I mean, I always feel like in any given match, you're one, two inches away from something really catastrophic happening. Yes. Right. And you experienced it last night, you felt You know. So I think there's an element to the storytelling that guys aren't comfortable with that yet. Where they are comfortable with their athleticism and they know what they can do athletically. But what happens, my opinion, what happens is then the audience, that's what they expect.


And you have to continually put, okay, so you did a a a a back springboard, moons saw onto the floor. Yeah. Okay. I've seen that. Now. Now what do you got? Yeah. you know what I'm saying? They, they get desensitized. Oh, oh, I know. Yeah. To, to You know. I mean, when you and Ricochet did the, the, the, the, the, the mid air collision, mid-air collision, the, the, the clothes lines, it's like, oh shit. Something that no one's ever seen. Yeah. So what what ends up happening is a lot of times you might get yourself put in a box where I don't You know No back flips tonight. Oh yeah. You know. But if they're invested in the character, and I think you've done a really, really, really good job of, of being who you are and in your platform and your social media and being that guy and not trying to be, well, let me tell you something, brother, kind of, of a guy.


You're genuine. So I think people, I think people resonate whether they love you, whether they hate you. I think, I think you could get to a point where you didn't necessarily have to do that. Yeah. It's nice to have it in the toolbox, but don't rely on it. I don't want to ever do that move again. Yeah. I I I wouldn't blame you. No, I'd Never do that Again. It's, it, it's, it's on film now, brother. It, it will live forever. Yeah. But I, but I think that's, that's where the, the, and it's coming back there, you're starting to see more guys that are in You know Roman and all the storytelling aspect of it. That's what makes people care. So as someone new who is, who's now coming to understand this really intricate business and, and WWE is the hardest thing I've ever done.


I'm kind of realizing that now. Because when I first got in here, I knew, I knew I could shock people with these, these moves that I could. Right. That I could do. And it's still very fun. And there's that daredevil in me that's like, how far can I push, push this? Right. And one day I'm sure I'll get the answer to that question. Oh, it comes, it comes. Yeah. It comes eventually. Yeah. And with the ricochet one, like You know, not a, not a great landing. Took a little bit from me like my soul and, and, and these things happen. But like, I worked on that move for months. Right. For months because I knew I was in, in Cleveland in my hometown Brown stadium and I wanted to send it. I, I'll do it once in my life. I'll never do it again. Because it is extremely hard and dangerous.


And like you said, there's, there's basically zero margin for error. No margin for error on that. No. Your foot slips, dude. It's, No, I had, I had our referee secretly, you can see this, if you watch your film back secretly, he'd put his armpit on the rope and dry it off because if it was like rub it just, 'cause if there was oil on there, and this has happened before his oil in there, you slip up and you do the move. But what I'm getting at is I'm envious of guys like Roman who don't have to risk their entire like body and health and wellness because people are so invested in this story. Yep.


In the story. And it's, it's such a, such a good note. That's a veteran note, but that's the hardest part. It Is it. How can you tell that story to get people invested in, in, in, in who you are. Yeah. And it takes time because, and especially somebody coming in You know what, two, three years now? Three years? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, at three years I could barely lace my boots. I mean there's just a, it's such a, a process, but it's trial and error too. Yeah. Like you have to figure out. Yeah. Because what you want, you want it to look natural. You want it to look real and you just have to, I think a lot of times what happens are the guys, and I, and I tell 'em this all the time, it's like, you don't look like a wrestler to me.


You look like somebody trying to emulate a wrestler. You're trying to be something that you've seen on tv. I don't get that with you. I get, I I get Logan Paul. That's what I get. And, and, and that's, and that's awesome. Don don't, don't try to change is my point to that. Don't try to, don't be that kind of wrestl. Don't, don't try to be fit that wrestler. Yeah. you know, and, and I think you're smart enough You know that. But I'm just, you know, talking to you. But I, I think that's the, is the essence is they, they they have to trial and error. So you did, you did a decent amount of trial and and error before you found The Undertaker. Oh yeah, man. I mean, how many, how many characters had you played? Oh geez. I went through You know.


I mean, a, a lot of 'em didn't count 'cause it was just me trying to come up and You know. Back then it was just trying to find a ring to get in. Like, I would have to pay money to help set up a ring so that I would get put on some little You know backyard promotion kind of card with 20 people. That's crazy. See, will You ever have that same respect that you have for, or that same vibe that you have towards yourself having paid your dues like that and all the other guys that you used to look at versus You know guys that could come along nowadays use a bolstered social media and skillset not to remove from his, his incredible skillset set. No, it's a great question to, to kind of just appear like The Undertaker would You know, right.


No, that, that is a, that is a really good question because there, there was a time there, it was like, again, I was that salty kinda You know old timer who had his day. I was like, look at these kids now. My gosh. They get, but then when I look back at it, it was like, dude, you were part of this. You were, you, you kind of helped pave the way so that we have a performance center down in Orlando. Yep. Where We can, we can send our guys in down there to train with the best. And it puts US ON the same kinda level as NFL or, or NBA or Major League Baseball. I mean, the way the, the WWE e is run today, Is, it is a pro You know it is a pro machine FRA franchise.


We call it a Well oiled machine. Yeah. And so if, if we're in a position where We can one have these tryouts and handpick the guys that we want, and you put 'em in the system and you pay 'em like, You know, it's just like, ah, man, they're not paying. Well, you know what? There, there's a, there's a certain part of paying dues and, and going so through some of the stuff that I had to go through that gives you an edge and gives you, makes you a little saltier maybe. But don don't know that you need that in this day and age. I, I just You know I wouldn't change the way I came up, man. I, I, I just wouldn't because it prepared me for things, you know, that I would never think, you know, that I would be in situations that I would be put in.


you know, I lived in my car, I lived in my car for almost a year. 'cause I didn't have You know, I, I left, I left school. How does a guy your Yeah. Fit your car? Which, which I think he was a 87 Monte Carlo. Yeah. Well that's a, a longer body. Well, you're, well you're six foot eight and 315 pounds that, that gets eaten up really quick. Yeah, that's Great. That's crazy. But it's like indicative of how much you loved the business and you love what you do. Yeah. And this is what I'm saying, like, the collision of, of you Mark six foot 8, 3 50 pound guy who loves professional wrestling meeting this concept of The Undertaker was like perfect.


Like I'm saying, every once in a while you get that and it Lightning In a bottle. It it's, it's literally lightning in a bottle. Like, like dude, even the fact that you can do that thing with your eyes and the, and the tongue. Yeah. But like, wait, it's all just, it's all just too perfect. It happened. I know you want to, or you told this story probably a ton of times, but like, I am just so curious, the concept of The Undertaker, did it click for you immediately when you went this Is it, and I'm gonna do this for the rest of my life? You know, initially I was just, I was just excited that I wasn't gonna be the Egg Man You know that was, that was a legitimate, that was, that was a legitimate source of anxiety for me for a while that I was gonna You know.


'cause I, I, I'd been at W CW and I was trying to grow my hair out and I'm like, he's gonna shave my head and shave my, I'm gonna be a You know I Got a big ass head anyway. I look like an egg. So I'm gonna be this You know. I was just like, I I was losing sleep about it. 'cause it just, that's just the way it was then. Yeah. There were so many over the top outlandish characters. And you know, the old man called me one day and it was, he didn't call me Mark. He, he just said, is this The Undertaker? you know, and I'm having this moment like covering the phone up. Right. And I'm like, Undertaker Un Undertaker. Yeah. Undertaker's not Egg man.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is The Undertaker. Ah, great man. Great. Can you be up here tomorrow? I wanna show you some stuff. I'm like, yeah. Like I Got I Got No money I don. Like, I have no clue that they're gonna send me a ticket. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm greener and you know, I'm greener can be. So they flew me up there. And so Vince had the concept of The Undertaker the look and everything, and kind of explained to me what it was. And You know. I was like, oh, this could be really cool. And then, you know, once it You know, then they, they started making the, the, the original costume and everything. I was like, yeah, this is like, 'cause You know I loved like old, the old Clint Eastwood westerns, right?


Yeah. And I'm like, okay, all right. And then You know. The You know is he, is he dead or is he alive? Kind of thing. So then it's like, okay, so now there's some horror in this thing too. Right? So there's all these different elements that, that You know that I did have a lot of interest in. So could I have told you then in, in 1990, that You know 30 plus years later that I'd be sitting here talking to you about it? Still talking about No, no. Absolutely not. But it had to have hit at some point. This is working. Yeah. No, no, no. It, it was like by 90. So I started in November of 90.


Yeah. By the end of 91. Like it's, there's, there's, there's Jake Flair and myself. We're all the top heels. Ah, already. Ah. you know, and I'm like, okay. And then the switch to me, you know, this character, the darkest character that anyone's ever seen is now becoming a baby face. You know. It's just like, yeah, okay, this thing's got legs. And this whole time You know, I'm, I'm developing and, and, and figuring out what works and sound like my coffin door. Right. Somebody, somebody lets somebody out the Coffin. Of course it's Jeff too. Yeah. That's my manager. He's the, he's a scumbag who always gives me the brass knuckles. Yeah. That's the one, right? That's Hair.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was gonna, I was gonna ask about the fi the finisher and, and, and how, how quickly did the, did the move set, how quickly did the tombstone join you in the process? Well, funny enough, like with the, with the, with the move set is like, I had to, I had a, I had to move. I was pretty athletic. Yeah. For your size. Especially for Dude. Yeah. Crazy. So I had to, I had to pull in the reigns 'cause I was still like the first couple of matches that I did, You know I'm still doing leapfrogs and dropdowns and drop kicks and then You know. And as I'm watching it back and I go, doesn't fit, it doesn't work. So I had to kind of put my ego aside 'cause I Got, like nobody my size was doing shit like that.


Right. And then I had to go, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. So You know. Then I had to You know. Then I come up with this really, really slow pace where it was methodical. Methodical. And I was always like that, that that shark that had an injured seal in the water, right? Yeah. And I'm just circling around. And then I was like, but then there would be that instant somewhere in there where I'd hit something fast, like You know, everybody would kinda get lulled into my pace and then bam, I'd hit, do something fast like the big flying clothesline or whatever it was, and then roll boom and right back into the slow pace. Or like, people are like, what, what the hell? Yeah. What was that? What he, he can move, but You know.


So it was those first few years that's what I was doing is I was throwing stuff up against the wall to see what stuck and, and it just resonated. I think there's, everybody kind of has this little darker side anyway that kinda, either they embrace it or they suppress it, but it's in there and everybody, and I think people, it really resonated with people like, you know, it's all right to be You know he's a little different, but You know he's, he's got some issues, but he's Got some issues. He's got Some issues, but he is kind of cool. Know He's Alive. Yeah. And, and funny enough, like so back in the day, like coming outta mad, you've worked in the garden now, right? Yeah. Yep. Well back You know, back in the day they didn't let us drive up and You know, get your, get outta your cars and everything.


We used to have to park across the, the street in the parking lot and then walk across all those people. See, These are the moments that you're talking about that he goes under the stadium in a sprinter and people carry 'em in. Exactly. Right. Like the dude. Yeah. With the, the big fans As you walk. Exactly. Go Rose pedals out. Exactly. Crazy. By the way, if you can get it done, go for it. But yeah, so we used to have to walk across the street. Right. And You know New Yorkers too, right? They're just like, get the Fuck outta these suck Guys. But I'd come, it's the strangest thing, man. I would get out of the car. And even my street clothes, although they weren't the same as what I wore in the ring, they were dark.


Like if it was wintertime, I had a long black coat. I mean, I, I lived this shit and it would be like, it would be like the Red Sea partying with these people. Like, they didn't want, they didn't wanna mess with me. Hey Man, you, you can say it for me. You're six, you're six foot eight, dude. And we don't know, we don't know if you were alive at the time. And, and that's where I was going with it, that they were, people would ask, is he alive or is he dead? I'm like, are you fucking kidding Me? Dude? Dude, I was, when I was a kid watching you straight up, I thought, I thought He's dead. a hundred percent I Don know what I thought you were, it was on me a corpse or a zombie or something. Yeah. It it, it was, it was so good. And, and, and again, the eye roll, the infamous Undertaker eye roll.


How is that something, because like I tried it, I can't do it. Have you always been able to roll your eyes like that? I just, no, I just did it. I did it in a match. It, it was totally by chance, I think, I think I was working with, I think I was working with Greg Val, Greg the Hammer Valentine. And I had him down in the corner and You know my, my, I think my hair and everything was kind of getting my ass. I kind of slung my, my head back. And when I slung my head back, my eyes kinda rolled too. And I was like, and I held them. So I come back to the gorilla position and everybody's just flipping out like, what the hell was that with the eyes? And I was like, don don't know. I, I just tried What what'd it look like? And they're like, You know, they're trying to play it back for me. I look at this shit. I was like, that's it. Oh, that's creepy, dude. That's, yeah. Yeah. So the eye roll and then the You know the tongue deal.


It was just it all. Yeah. I mean, and Then, and then another thing that was just perfect, one of the most iconic pieces of The Undertaker your music. Oh, the, yeah. The funeral durge. Yeah. It was How Jim Johnston, man, he was, he was amazing. He, he sat down and You know he would start composing and, and Mm. And then he'd bring me in and I was like, oh, that's perfect man. That is, it's so Good. Yeah. Did are you, I mean, this was Mike's question I'll let you ask. Did you see Nia walk out to Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Dad, What did, what did you think of It? Yeah, I mean for obviously for You know, they, he couldn't go full On.


What did you really think of it? It was, it was, I was like, that's that's pretty cool. He did You know, obviously he's a fan of the product. I mean, he, he knew You know, he knew Were You watching from a Oh, I was watching. Yeah. From A critical standpoint though. No, no, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. Because Obviously he is not gonna do what you do. Yeah. But the fact that he did it, like Mike said, that's one of the coolest walkouts Ever. Yeah. In the history we've Ever seen. Did even to the extent of what he did in a, in hit led to a fight. And You know an MMA fight. It was, yeah. It's it's Pretty complex. Wait, was that where he beat Perreira? I think so. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He wanted, yeah. That's, Did you look at it as like an ode, like an homage? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, absolutely. Yeah.


I gotta ask, I have to ask, what does it take to get you back in character like they did in Saudi Na You? know the answer to that. My money. My money. You, I, so the last time that I was, that I was over there and I did the, the, the thing for the soccer tournament, right? Yeah. We had season And at the end of it, so I I all my, all my, my hats in my, all of my coats throughout the years, they're all at the warehouse in, in Connecticut. I've, except, except for, for one, I had one hat and one duster left that I wore that night in, in Saudi.


And then when it was all over, I found Prince Tur guy. I said, your Excellency, these are yours. So I I gave them, I I gave them to Prince Turkey. Yeah. And so Now I, I don't have 'em anymore. You got Nothing. Gotta go to work. I Got nothing. So it's a good, it's A good guy to give stuff too. You get Mark, Not you get Mark Callaway or you, it's, it, you know, you get the am more of a American badass hybrid version. You know, I'll, I'll dress in black, but I'm not, I'm not putting the hat and coat back on. Was Was that 2018? No, no. It Was more recently No Way more recent. That was this year. Oh, oh, the last time. Yeah. Because you had done something in Saudi and earlier before that As well. Yeah. I, I did something.


I think I did it something with, with AJ for the, the Saudi Cup or something like that. Yeah. 'cause I 'cause I was gonna ask you and, and your, and your feelings on this. Around 2018, you and thereafter 2020, you had a, a, a few appearances and there were some people in the community Rolling Stone, for example, who's a little bit critical of your continued appearances in the right, in the space as a, as a vet who you would think would be You know, welcomed with open arms for any time he wants to make an appearance in the, in the, in the organization that he helped build. Did you feel a sense of betrayal from the community for that? For that acting?


NN no, because it, see, there's not a bigger critic of me than myself. Right. And this is the first thing, Tom, I've even heard about Rolling Stone, so Oh, good. Okay. Well, sorry about that. Thanks for Bringing it up, man. I have to go to the bathroom, but I don't Yeah, no, I don't, I don't. Rolling Stone. Rolling Stone is not, is not my Fuck. Rolling Stone. Yeah, it's not. Did you see any of the, the, the career? No, no. I had it. I'm, I'm, I'm struggling on the inside myself. Like I'm at that point of my career. I'm looking for one match. I knew, I knew you were. Okay, here we go. No, I knew, I can tell. Yeah, you're, dude, you're backstage and I can see you like itching. Yeah. And just the length that you went, I, this was another line of questions I wanted to ask you.


We Then will, we have to get there. But do, do, do you need one match to cap it? Is that what you mean? That's what I was looking For it. Yeah. Just to, just to, just to put the exclamation point on the career. Like, I wanted to have You know that one match I could hang my hat on and say, you know, and, and say goodbye because my body, I mean, it, it, it was, it was breaking down at that point to, to the point where You know I can't, like I can walk and talk and I could, I mean, I could get out right now and I could do a match, but you know, it's not a match that, that you as an Undertaker fan or an Undertaker fan is like, ah, that's not my, that's, you know, they'll, they may give me the benefit of the doubt because I've got all that equity built up and all those years.


But you don't want that. But don don't want that. I don't want to. I I, that was one of the big things that, that I was trying to fight against and was why it made it so hard is like, I did not wanna become a parody of myself. Like I had too much pride in, in, in what I'd accomplished and what I'd done through the years. But I also, I wanted to have that one match where I could hang my hat on it and say, You know I could put my six shooters up on the mantle and say, see ya. It's, I can understand it's something you want, but I think moments might be equally as valuable. The moment you had at WrestleMania 40, don don't know if I've ever heard of Pop that big in my life.


It was, I mean, that was fun. A and, and that really, that helped me actually a a lot because like personally Yeah. Personally. Mm. Like, 'cause I was still You know even to then I was still struggling. Like I would, I will come to the shows and I will say hellos and, and, and, and You know, and I'll talk to some of the guys and maybe watch a couple of the matches, but then I gotta leave 'cause it's still my, my body and, and my mindset is like, dude, you should be getting ready right now. Dang. Oh man. Because You should be going out in a, in a, in a little bit. And, and it's especially at mania because I, my my history with mania is, of course You know what it is of course.


But You know. So I'd, I'd have to leave because I'd just like, I, I get You know, not not depression, but it's just like, I feel like that need Yeah. That I need to be getting ready to go out and, and perform and wanted to perform. And especially at Mania. I mean that's, this, that's just a whole nother level of, of, you know, when you being on the, you know, on the card at mania is just is awesome. Yeah. But yeah, those last few years, like I'm, I'm, I'm battling father time who's undefeated, you know, I've got, I've got injuries that, that need to You know, knees need to be replaced, my back's, you know, got issues. But that, that that one part, that part in your head that that's got you this far.


Says You know you still got one in you somewhere. You know you got one. You got one match that people are gonna go. Wow. And do you think it's true? I don Dunno. I, I, I think I took it, I, I, I think I took my body to the limits of, of, of what it could do. Because now You know, like when I, the last few things that I did, like I've, I've always picked my stuff apart. Like You know, but just like, ah, man, I wish I'd had done that differently. You watch back film? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Really? Yeah. And I, I never watch with anybody. I have to be by myself because I don't want to hear anybody saying, oh, oh shit, that was great. That was good. I wanna, I, 'cause I'm looking for the, I'm looking for the things that I do and the transitions and, and, and, and the little things that, that people that they don't necessarily pick up while they're watching it, but make everything make sense.


Right. And so I would, I would just pick everything apart and I could tell like my body was, my body was getting stiff. Mm. And like, there wasn't, you know, like the, like the man, it was horrible. The match that I had with Goldberg in Saudi Arabia. Mm. You know. There was never a time in my career where I didn't feel like no matter what happened, that I couldn't figure out a way to make it all work. Hmm. And make it make sense. Get it back on track and still have You know have a decent match. And You know, he got concussed early on.


It's 98 degrees at, at midnight in the desert. And you know, it was just like, it was just like a train wreck. Damn. And, and the more I tried to to fix it, the worse it got. And you know, but I'm not pointing, I'm not pointing fingers. It's just one of those things that happened where like, I just didn't have it in me physically anymore to make things. Right. And so You know, so I'm getting, you know, I'm getting all that right. I'm getting all, all that. And then, and like I said, I'm my worst critic, but I still feel like You know if I can get, there's that one person somewhere that I can have You know. And I'm not looking for anybody that's gonna say, well that could carry me because that, that would kill me if I felt like I was being carried through a match.


So Does, does that feel like a, did you see the wrestler with Mickey York? I did. I would assume. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure has meaning to Oh, Absolutely. Some Form. And You know obviously for like a, a guy like that who's still wrestling in York at the time, wrestling in back rooms. He's looking for another You know chance to kind of have that moment. But he's putting it all on the line. His life at, I mean, at the end, we don't really know exactly what happened. But do you feel, do you ever feel like, do you ever feel like maybe that moment has already happened? Oh no, I'm done brother. Yeah, it's, it's, no, yeah, it's all over Now. I don't know if you really know about your, your streak.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. It's the greatest of all time. No, No, no, no, no, no, man. We're good. I like, you know, we You know I had my last match with AJ Styles. We did that cinematic deal, which for us, we got lucky. 'cause that, you know, that was right in the middle of Covid and we got to go offsite and do something different, which was fun. And then I, I think we delivered on it. Was it a, was it a traditional wrestling match like we had planned? Absolutely not. But I was, I was like, okay, I think this is, you know, we started shooting that thing at like eight o'clock at night. We wrapped it at sunrise, putting that thing together and it's at about 4:00 AM when it really dawns on me, like, dude, you're done.


Mm. you know, it's, it is over. Well look, Like I said, I mean for me at least my mentality, something that's very important to me, even just the way I build my businesses are moments, at least in the wwa, I try to get those, that those, that one moment that people will be like, do you remember the mid air collision? Right. Right. And like for me now as like a like really invested wrestling fan, like I said, you coming back at WrestleMania 40 to choke Slam the Rock. W have me feeling like a child, like a kid again. I don Dunno if you've seen the video of me reacting, but man, you have what, 70, 80,000 people in the, in the stadium all reacting the same way.


And that's the moment. Like, you're good man. You, You're, no, but that's not you're Yeah. But that's not gonna be the one that he's got moments that like for Sure. Yeah. No, That was fun. And it and it was, and You, you said it did something for you. Like I know you fucked. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it was as, it it kind of gave me the, that that closure. Like You know what, I still got it. I still, God I Got do this shit. Yeah. But don don't want to now. Right. You know, You know. I'm, I'm, I'm good. And it was the, it was just the You know, the right group of people of two that it happened with. And You know, funny enough, I'm, I'm up, you know, I don know if you've heard the story, but you know, they had called me earlier in the week and mentioned that they might want do something. Oh Wow. Yeah. Paul calls me on a Tuesday, quick Tuesday of Oh My God.


And drops to the seed. And I was like, all right man, let me know I'm gonna be there Whoa. So, so I'm up in the suite chilling with my family Right. And friends, which I've never been able to do in all these years. Yep. And I'm sitting there, I feel my phone buzzing in my back pocket. Get it out. Hmm. Where it go? I'll be back in a minute. Wait, That casual. Yeah. I told my wife, I was like, yeah, I'll be back in a minute. And she, she knew, but nobody else in the suite had a clue. That's INSANE. Yeah. I kfa everybody. Oh God. I, I I have to ask, what do you do under the ring? Huh? When you're just sitting there? Or is that not where you come from? Where do you come from That night?


No, I had to, I had run from the other end of the stadium. Yeah. I saw It. Yeah. But you're but you're under the ring for like 30 minutes. No, no, no. Not that. Not not at mania. How'd You get, oh, you ran in when the lights were off? Yeah. When the lights, no. So they, well, all the finishes while all these people were coming in. Yeah. you know, they brought me in from the far end of the stadium and then behind hard camera. They had a little place set there. Oh. So I staged right there. And then I think when Seth went, I edged up a little bit closer. Hooded, hooded up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then, and then when it was my turn, they went black. I said, oh man, knees don't fail me now, brother, because I, I'm working on brand new knees.


It was so good. Yeah. And then boom, It was such a perfect, like, ugh. It was, yeah. So it, it was fun. And I Got back up and everybody in the suites like, What the hell hell you Doing? You didn't tell us. Oh. So, but yeah, they, they I Got I cut a lot of shit for that. But they You know, it's like it was more fun, right? Yeah. It was more fun that you didn't know. Yeah. Like if I'd have told you. Yeah. It wouldn't have been as fun. It was, it wouldn't have been as fun. No, It, it was INSANE, but, and, and we don't like to do superlative Obvious. Go for it. Go For, I just wanna ask about a couple more moments. I'm a couple more of his iconic moments. No, that's where I was going. I was just Oh, specific ones. Go ahead. Yeah. When you threw mankind off the top of the cell Mm.


Did you think you killed him? Dude, look, I didn't, I didn't. So truth be told, I didn't wanna do it. Like I said, like Mick too, this is craziness, right? Like I said, here's the, and here's the, his mindset was that the first, the first hell in the cell was in 97. Bad blood. Me and Shawn Michaels. And it was fucking good. I mean, and don don't, I don't usually put my stuff over, but it was good. Yeah. Shawn Michaels could have a five star match with a broomstick. Okay. I mean, that's just how good he, that's how good he is or was or whatever. So we have this killer hell in the cell match, and that was Kane's debut and all that, right?


So we get, so it's now, it's a few years later. And, and Mick keeps looking back at that and he's like, there's No way that we can have that kind of match. And I'm like, Mick We can do it. Just You know. And so he, he had in his mind, like he needed to do something that would fool the people into thinking that they had seen something. Right. So he's, he's on me week after week. He's like, I, I think I think he, I can do it. You know. You throw me off the top and I'm like, Mick, I'm not throwing you off the fucking top. It's murder. Yeah. don don't care. I'm, I'm not throwing you off the top. Right. So it gets to be like the day of and still like, I, I've got a hard no on it. And then he goes and gets in, in the old man's ear.


Right. So then they come, they, they, they double team me. No way. Yeah. Mario. He says he can do it. And I'm like, fuck, there's, we don't need to do it. I said, fine. All right. You wanna get thrown off the top? Fine. I'll throw you off the top there. You happy? He's, I've been You know. And he, and he had told me, like, I, I've been up there. I could see I, he never went to the top. He never went to the top of the cell. He never looked at it to see what it looked like. And there we are. And I was like, you ready? Bye. And then You know, people think I'm full of shit when I say this. Like, this is the one time that I, in my life that I had a total out of body experience.


'cause I let Lou, I let him go, and I can see myself standing there and I can also see him falling, which seemed like it took 20 seconds for him to hit that table. Right. And I'm just, and then he hits, and then the way he was hit with so much force that he hit, and then he slid under the, the railing that was there. Right. And he's, I don't know that he could move. And I'm just waiting, like, I'm just looking at him like, fuck, come on Mick. Move. I, I just killed a man. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I'm like, that's what I'm gonna go down to history for. I killed Mick Foley. Oh God. And I was thinking like, Mick just move. I, I'm saying this in my head and I have, I'm oblivious to the fact that they've raised the cage and I'm standing on top of it and I'm, it's like, okay, Mick missed just move.


Finally he starts stirring You know. And I think somebody might have turned and gave me a, you know, like, yeah, he, he's okay. And I'm thinking, wow, okay, well that's over with. Yeah. That some bitch gets Buddy You know back in, he, he starts climbing back up, you know, I'm like, oh shit man, this Motherfucker doesn't Die. This guy wants to die. So little did we know that that was gonna be the easiest part of his night because the, when I choked slammed him through the top, dude, dude, you Didn't expect that, that break like that? No, no, no, no, no. That's, that's, No, that's horrifying. He, but he choke. He rotates, but he choke. I know. Threw it, he rotated. It was the top of the cell.


Yeah. Yeah. He rotates another couple inches. Dude. He don't get up his business Is. it is crazy and, and crazy. Yeah. He goes through And so we're walking up on that mesh and you can hear like the, the brackets that they, they're popping off like ping, like me and Sean weren't that heavy, I guess, but You know Mick was a, he a heavy, I don't know what they did differently, but it's like, like, and you could see we just, my foot I'd step and it would just keep going down and like, what was, what what was supposed to happen is we hit that panel and then it was supposed to kind of give way in a corner and we were gonna, 'cause I had a broken ankle going into the match.


So we were gonna, we were gonna go, we were gonna kind of slide down one of the panels and then get back into the ring and finish the match. But I'm, I'm I, I can tell like this thing is not gonna hold. So the last second I get off of the mesh and I stand on the bare on the, on the poles. He used to fuck this. Yeah. Hell of that brother. And man, when I choke it, he just never stopped, man. Yeah. He hit that thing and that thing popped all the way open. And then the the chair Yeah, that was on top. Come down, hits him in the face too big. He's he's, He's crazy. Holy dude. He is. He he is. He's he is a sweetheart of a man.


But man, he took some, he took some damage. Yeah. He is missing an ear. He's, yeah, he did lose an Ear. Lost an ear wrestling. Yeah. I was 13 for that. Hell in a cell man in 98. I watched that live and it was Noah. One of the craziest things I've ever seen in my entire life. It was big, hard. Absolutely. INSANE. When you, when you look at that moment, was that, you said it was the only time you've had this out of body experience. Was that to you, the standout moment? Was that the, the biggest moment of your career? Or was it a Sean Michaels You know WrestleMania? Or was it a You know? I I think at that point, I, I You know. I mean, I'd, I'd, by this time I, I'd won the title, which was a big moment.


But I mean, in retrospect, I mean that people still talk about that for Sure to this, to this day. I mean, it's been, what, 25 years, however, yeah. However long ago it's been now. 27. Yeah. Six. I mean, people will still stop me on the street. Like, man, that time you choke slam, you know, Mick You know the one, one of the weird things about that I I really remember is like after he got his faculties back again, You know. And I'm like, Mick, let's let's go home. Yeah. You know. And he's like, no, no, no, we gotta eat. Well, he had to get to the tax. That's how he thinks. Oh yeah, that's right. This is how he thinks. Right. We gotta get to the tax.


I'm We're good. MI have thrown you off of this thing. I've thrown you through it. I said, I don't think they care about the ta. We gotta get to the tax. Right. And the whole time I'm like, You know, I'm looking at him. It's kind of gross. But like he's got this huge booger, what I think is a booger in his nostril. Right. And it is weird, like the things you pick up in the course of a match, well come to fund out. It's not a booger, it's his tooth. In his nose. Yeah. It went through when he, when he went, when he landed his incisor went through his lip and lodged in his nose. Oh my. And it's stuff like that.


You sit like, dude, you gotta You know, like You know you got, you got a big booger in You know, will you wipe your nose or something like that. And then You know I'm hitting and I'm looking at him is shit, is that a nine? That's that tooth. Last night they were looking at him and they're like, are you okay? He's like, he's like, yes, You know, hurt my face a little bit. This dude had a tooth in his nose and he was still wrestling. Dude, this sport has changed. Its changed. He gets his tooth, he Gets his tooth out and he hands it to the ref. He said, hold that for me. Hold that. You know, can I get that? That's Crazy. He was tough, man. He, he bless his heart and he, he is a sweetheart of a human being. Man. don don't know if y'all have been around him much, but he, I've, I've seen the documentaries. It, to me it doesn't make sense that how that person is capable of doing the, the damage to his body and, and, and like, he likes it.


Yeah. I, I, I think You know that was kind of what he felt his niche was. That was his, what would separate him from everybody else? Which it did You know and I'm kind of like the, the, the recipient of of of his lunacy. Yeah. Was You know. 'cause like I said, I didn't, I didn't want any part of it. I didn't You know. I was like, don, don't think we need to do it. But We didn't even talk about the streak. I know you have an 11 hour. He's, we didn't even talk about the streak at all. He's gotta go. Things we missed that the WWE fans are gonna re us for. But I just wanna mention, just so they know we were gonna, because we could have a four hour podcast on this. Obviously Kane, your Streak Brock there. Paul. Paul, Paul Bearer. Come on. We we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to pin it, dude.


We might do part two. Hey dude, Bring me back, man. Sure. Our paths crossed quite a bit now. So You know, It's his timing, not ours by the way. He has Oh, you just throw me under the bus. Well, he has a fight because we're gonna rumble they're gonna yell at us podcast. They're gonna yell at us If I come back. He's gotta be Fine. Fine Work With him, man. That's fine, dude. Unless, okay. Is there anything else you wanna end on? Dude, I I, I'll come back. I'll, I'll get the, probably the next 25 years of that career we hadn't got to yet. But, but I appreciate you having me on, man. And I'm sorry. Yeah. I've gotta I Got. I gotta catch a plane. But I, I know we've been trying to do this for a while, so Yeah. I, I'll definitely, I'll definitely come back.


Come back and take the hot seat again. Okay. Excellent. Cool. Wow, that's crazy. Where to go. Yeah, That's his sting. All right, ladies, gentlemen, The Undertaker Thank you for watching this episode of Impulsive. We love You. We'll see you next time. Hit that subscribe button. Take it easy. Peace.