
It is spring savings at Bray and scarf going on now with huge savings throughout the store. Save up to 30% on select GE profile and cafe appliances. You can also save on in-stock GE profile refrigerators and bestselling washers. Shop local and save now during spring savings at Bray and Scarf. Visit any of their convenient locations or shop online@brayandscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


Our reality show's out now on Max. Woo. Let's go The whole happy wife, happy life thing. Here We go. Bull. Come From a divorce. I'm sitting here watching A first cut of an episode, and I see myself being Born on camera. We've always said like, oh, we've lived our whole life on camera. Literally, literally. How is the breakup going? How would it be if you woke up with the first one? Why did you ask me that? That was kind of, I literally said, you smell so bad when you fall. Jake, did you get emotional when you were proposing? Yeah, I started to get teary eyed. What do you think of having Greg Paul as a father-in-law? I think he's great.


He has a small heart. He has a big Mouth. Wait, what? Small Heart. I think we might add a language course. Mom, you're not completely satisfied with your representation in the show, but I love you. This might hurt your feelings a little bit if we're not doing headphones, But we are. No, no, you don't have to. I'm, I'm not going to. If you're not, make sure you're talking into the mic. So, for example, you right now are nowhere near the mic. This is a temporary seat. No, no, no. But see what, so you're talking temporary seat. Where? Temporary seat. Where are you moving? Okay. Face. This is a temporary seat.


Where do you plan? Oh, Gp, where are we on? Are we rolling? Yeah. GP coming at you. So Wherever, wherever GP wants to go. I thought as the interviewer of this group and the one person separated, it would make sense for me to be separated from the group. Yeah. But, but Pam and I aren't sitting together. Therapist. It ain't gonna happen. Okay, Well let's get into it because We're not together. We're not sitting together. Well, do you See that as a problem? Maybe. Okay. Do you want me to sit in the Middle? Well, Mike and Logan aren't together and They're sitting. Yes, they Are. They're s all the time. So that's fine. That's good Take. Yeah. Yeah. So that's fine. Is it, Is it, let me ask you, Is it a you thing or Is it a Kelly, your wife's thing. Do You see Kelly here? No. It's a amazing, where is Kelly?


She's in hair and makeup. Oh, she, because she came in early this morning. So you don't wanna sit next to my mom? 'cause she has cooties. I didn't say she had cooties. That's you. S Why don't you wanna sit next to my mom? Hold On. Let's not get Greg in this code. Yeah, let's, well, we're already ball. This is a good show. Show. We're not sitting together. Okay. It looks like you are. You sit in The middle. Yes, that'd be great. Okay, let's start. No, no, no, no. Yeah, Yeah. Fine. Because that works. It's not Fine. Don't. No. Nina Sit. Nina in the middle. Yeah, I'll be the child in middle. I get It too. But then my fiance is further than me. Oh, okay. I wanna look at her, her 'cause she's so beautiful. She's right there. Okay. Okay. But then maybe, yeah, this is perfect. See? Oh, it worked. It's great.


There's amazing. There are A lot of a great start. There's a lot of big personalities on this show. No way. Should we wear headphones so we're not always talking over each other. 'cause we, is that a thing we will otherwise, Is It gonna ruin our hair though? Yeah. Yes. My headphones are stuck really far back. So I have to sit like this the whole Time. Oh, It kind of nice actually. You, you look insane. The bad. No, like insanely good. Just there's a piece of hair flowing out in the back. This is what happens when you have a lion's mane for hair. Well, could you fix me? Yeah, Sure. Okay. C come to me Caleb. Right here. Okay. You've seen them on your computer screens and phones for years from YouTube And, and Netflix.


And HBO Max from YouTube and Disney. From their fight from boxing to the WE and now to their all new perspective on the Paul family called Paul American airing. Right now on Max, it's the entire Paul family. Guys, welcome back. Wow. Welcome. Yeah. It's unbelievable. What an explosive, chaotic, and volatile family. And it's all for you to watch on HBO Max. I convinced all of them to do my podcast. Impulsive, thanks for joining us family. Let's get into it.


Where do we start? What We kind of, when did we start Over here? Oh God. Engaged, Obviously. Let's go, Let's see the ring. Okay, well, it's hard to miss, but yeah, We can see it. Wow. Get to all the ring review people out there. I don't know where my camera is. Oh, You guys aren't that good at spotting the number of carrots. Were they Low? Yeah. And they don't, they were low. Yeah. Let 'em, let 'em think whatever they want. Who Cares? No, it doesn't matter. But yeah, we don't also missed one thing. And then they said it was like half moon sites, like have moonstones on the side. But it's actually hearts because it fits my necklace. Embrace it.


He gave me already. So it's really Cute. How much money on jewelry have you spent on Utah? I don't know that the public needs to know that. Yeah, I Don't think That's relevant. Seven figures. I don't think the public needs to know that. Are you, Jake? What the fuck? Since what did you become the moderate of this show? I'm just curious. I'm sitting Mike Seton. He said That I'm, I think's, I think it's a metric for how much you love her. And I think it's interesting. What the Hell you talking about. I don't think that's Yourself for love. I think So. What if you're broken in love, Then it doesn't count. You don't actually love her. No, But no, that is kind of true. Like if you, if if I knew when I was a kid that I wanted to be wealthy so I could support my family. So that's what a real man does.


So Maybe part of the reason I'm curious and I I I, I sort of thought that was like a little bit of an AlleyOOP. And here I'm just getting grilled because like, look, you're so generous, Jake. You are so good at gifts and man, insane Uta. He spoils. I know, I know. You like crazy. I know. I love it. I love it. I do love it. But he doesn't have to do it. It's just, it's a love language. It is your love language. I Know. It Is. It is one of them for Sure. I I think it won Them. I Got won. Definitely. You all them. What's the other, what's the number one love language? I would say quality time. Also physical tar. It's, yeah, that's true. It's all Touching. Which Is, which is interesting 'cause you have a long distance relationship, which, so you can't actually be Touching.


We're making up for lost time When we're together. We're just like, like You guys, you guys look like a power couple. You look fucking great. Thank you. Thank you. Congrats on being engaged. Thank You. Thank you. Congrats. You guys are, are you, are y'all like telling the story at all? We keeping it for the show season two. Like how, how do you want to go into it? Yeah. What, what shall we say about this? Why Now? Jake Paul, why right in this moment would you get engaged to this woman? Well, she's the love of my life and I know she has to focus on the Olympics moving forward. So this was like our only time to actually do it where we could both enjoy it for a week and have like a vacation. 'cause also I'm gonna start training and stuff soon.


And I had the ring for a long time and I was waiting for the right moment to figure out when it would make sense. And this just worked out perfectly at, at Jade Mountain in St. Lucia. I was like, this is the most beautiful view in The world. Flyer family in Yeah. That was the best surprise. Like, I felt it coming a little bit like you of course never know, but then when we were engaged, they said we should go down to take pictures on the beach. So we went down there and Jake like lifted me up and all of a sudden I saw Pam in the corner of my eye and it was like, so surprised and happy to first see Jake's family, of course. But then I was a little disappointed because I just saw my mom on FaceTime in the morning and she was at home. So I was like, they are ne they're not here. Like that was, there was no chance they turned me around and my parents were there.


And it was literally the best surprise of my life. And it was, it was so amazing. Oh, Sweet. Jake, did you get emotional when you were proposing? Yeah, I started to get teary eyed and then I, I was like starting to cry and then I realized I didn't know what I was saying while I was crying and it was ridiculous. And then like the snot came and I was like, oh no. Like, was that a bubble or just a It was like a lot. I'm pretty sure it was, it was, it was too much. I was just staring at you. I Got scared 'cause I was like, if I keep doing this, I'm gonna, the snots gonna start coming outta my own. And if You know me, I'm like, problems too. No, I just turned into a pussy, dude. I, I just got a puddle. I was emotionally destroyed.


Like, I don't know why it affected me so much and like fully blacked out. I was so nervous. I was so fucking nervous, bro. And, and I was like trying to, I took like two shots of whiskey before three. It didn't do anything. Nothing. It doesn't Help at all. How did, how does this compare to your proposal the last time you did it? If you don't mind me asking, 'cause I know it's been a sensitive topic today. Did you break down crying and what do you think of your boys crying like pansies while proposing? All right, so the last time I did it was with Kelly and we bought, we got $11 gas station rings, lifetime warranty. And we freaking love Them Because we were in a gas station. But that's what matter. We were like, Hey, let's just buy these as our, as our exchange of vs.


Rings. And we did it and they filled out the lifetime warranty right there. 22 bucks. Golden. And the deal is this, the size of the ring should never really matter because the size of the love in your heart is what counts. And I agree. And if wherever flat ass broke, we're cool. Now you guys, if you're ever flat ass broke, you can sell your ring. You'll be good for a couple years. But once you, one thing I have to say is we broke. One thing I have to say is I will leave all my stuff behind when I go to Netherland too. Like, because I don't want it like around me or something. That's The other reason we went with the $11 ring. 'cause I was like, babe, I could buy you one for a million if you want, but you have to worry about it.


You Could. You No, you, How do you guys know what his max contract looks like? Because I pay him. Yep. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about stuff he's doing on the side. Don't, don't pocket watch. Yeah. Yeah. You, you act like don't pocket watch Gp, dude. Yo, yo. You say you could buy a million dollar ring? You can. No, you Could. No. That's expensive. That's a very expensive ring Actually. All right. What I told her was, I could buy you one if I wanted to. How I Got there is not your fucking business. Okay. But you, No. Maybe you would grind harder to get it. How do You Know? Why Are you laughing at, bro? He, you're the seed that came outta his nuts. So if you can do it, then he can do it. You were once him Facts, Remember we talked about this. Let's not, Let's not tell him that he's gonna break down crying, he's gonna get angry, he's gonna get psychotic.


All kinds of shit. Like, He always tells me, now you come from his Lawrence boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. He said, and I tell this to Nina the other day, we would be doing weird shit growing up and he would go, that boy did not come from my Lord. That's true. That's true. That's what he would say. Oh, Did He come from then I'm, yeah. Where'd I come from? This? Yeah. Where did I come from? Yeah. What childhood You came from me for Sure. I mean, you want to get along Logan crippled when somebody says, oh my gosh, you look like your dad. He's like, oh Fuck no. I've come to accept it. I think you're a good looking guy. Hell yeah. And I like how weathered you, you look, Thank you. You look, I Think you look healthy right now. Are You right now? Hair, hair and makeup? Where's My No, he goes through phases. Okay.


You do. Yeah. Right now you're in a healthy phase, I think. Healthy thing. Yeah. Are you sauna? Did you build that Sauna? No, I'm spending a lot of time the sauna's up, but my electrician's son died, so we gotta hold on plugging it in. Oh shit. But that's sad. Yeah. But I've been doing a lot of blue crab life and that, You know, being king of the bayou makes me look good. This is the most interesting part about our dad. Jake, do You know he's the crab king, the king of the bayou in his little area in Florida. That's what they call him. Like they call you the Gao. They call him the King of The Bride. Wait, did they call you that? Yeah, in Tarpon Springs. Oh, I knew you. I knew you were catching crabs, but I never heard of the nickname. They must have just started last week. I mean, we talk almost every, every day. Is it, What is it? The No, no, no, No, no, no.


Jake. That's why it's interesting he hasn't shared it. He's, he's hidden this from both of us. He has a hobby. Our dad has a hobby. No, I know that it's in the show, but I'm saying like, I didn't know they called you the king of the Well They actually call me Cob. KOB, king of Bayou. Do You know that? Me and Jasper's best friend name is Bayou Boys. I didn't know that. It's tattooed right there. Maybe one day you'll be the Bayou King. Yeah. Maybe that's where it came from. But if you wanna do that, you gotta take down the current Bayou King. I'm pretty sure I could take you down. I was just, well, I always have guns and knives on me, so you gotta be careful. You're in New York, you don't have a gun or a knife on you. Oh shit. Wow. He had a knife on. Wow.


Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's on heat. Like, Oh my God. If he sat that on the show, I would've lost it. No, no. Oh yeah. LGP. Yeah. Alright. Call of Duty war zone fans. The wait is finally over for Advance. Let's go get back On April 3rd. Yes, you heard that right? The iconic map. We all know when love is returning to Call of Duty, war zone Pew. Starting April 3rd, you'll be able to drop back into ver dance, experience all the chaos and relive the thrill you've been missing. It's the return of the map that started it all with iconic POIs like Superstore, hospital, prison and more. Whether you're an og, Call of Duty, war zone fan, or a dropping in for the first time for dance, it's ready to bring you the action. So gather your squad, get ready for intense battles, iconic landmarks and heart pumping moments that will keep you coming back for more experience, new gameplay updates, and the return of ver dance, error of weaponry.


Grab your friends and get ready to drop in when Ver Dance returns on April 3rd. This is the moment you've been waiting for and it's going to be epic. Download, Call of Duty, war Zone for free and drop into for dance on April 3rd. Rated M for mature. See you there guys. Back to the Show. Alright, Wait, Pam? Nina. Yes. Welcome to the show, guys. I would love to hear from you guys on it, and especially on a topic as big as this new show on Max. What has your guys experience been like filming this show so far? Has there has, has there been any moments that have been, You know, red flags for you about what's, what's coming down the pipe? I feel like you should answer that, mom. Why? Because you'll have a good answer. Okay. Red flags.


Red flags for a red woman while She's wearing red. Yeah, I'm wearing red. That's why I'm answering this question. Not, not really. We interact pretty much how we always interact and pretty much can determine what's coming. I think between the boys, meaning dad, Logan, Jake, it's been very comical to watch. You can just sit back and laugh most of the time and no, I don't think, You know, little arguments maybe between Logan and Jake or between Logan and his dad. But Seems like Logan's always involved with the arguments. Oh, hey, that's a good point. He loves conflict.


She's like arguments. You know, Logan and Jake, Logan, his dad, Logan and Nina. Logan and me. Logan and the dog. Logan. And You love that. Yeah. No, You haven't gotten into it, have you? Oh, A little bit. Well, you Called me out on episode one. Yeah, true. But I, but I like that. You too. Oh really? Yeah, I do. I I, it's, I'm gonna call you out even more. I Think you should. I think you should. But she calls me out every day. It's like a Dutch thing. It's a Dutch thing. I'm just super honest. Like, what do blunt, do you want Blunt? No, be, dude, I appreciate candor so much. ILI loved it when you did that. I was like, fuck. Yeah, she belongs. Okay, good. But I have also seen him get pushed over the line by candor and honesty. And I will say, Don't push him tread Carefully. No, no, no, no, no, No. But if I'm always like honest, like, why, why would he be mad? You know?


It's the truth. Yeah. Be I, my my pushback on that would be if I, if if what you're saying I feel like isn't the truth Yeah. Then maybe I, maybe I will. That is The one way you could piss him off the most is if your subjective truth does not mesh well with what he considers to be an objective truth. Yep. He will fucking lose it. Like, so you have to, my biggest thing when, when debating or arguing with Logan is, I'm not even kidding. Bring statistical data receipts. Bring a Actual journal. Remember? Like take notes. So like, when you're, when you're showing up. But I remember You're ready notes. No, I'm good. You prep. Okay. But you make great points. You make great points. And your your point in episode one was that, you know, I haven't always been the best big brother and like, it's been something, it's been something interestingly enough I've gotten to like, work on throughout the season and yeah.


I think you, I think you like fit so well in this family. Thank you. What do you think of having Greg Paul as a father-in-law? I think he's pretty great. Like he's, he's better than like, we always say like, oh, Greg Paul, Greg Paul. But he, I think he's great. He has a small heart. He has just a big mouth and he talks lot. Wait, Sorry. Small. Sorry. I think we might add a language there. Love you too. Oh, I translated it like literally out of Dutch. A small, a small heart. Oh, a big heart. We say small heart, like, that's like a cute heart. Okay. You have a big heart and a big mouth. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm good with a cute heart. I like that you have a cute heart. Yeah. It's Okay. Speaking of people with cute hearts, I think one of the people on the show today wrote a birthday card for another person.


It's her birthday. Happy. Happy birthday. Birthday. Happy birthday birthday. Nina. Would you like to forego the personal moment altogether and read the card out loud? No. Yeah, but Should I, should I Be reading it? No, no. It's keep it for later. Yeah. It's just, it's just the card from me to you. Oh, to babe from babe. Okay. So I'll save it. Yeah, you can save it. Can I build off of that point really quick and ask you another question? Sure. How have you guys decided on this reality show? Which moments you want to keep sacred to your lives and which moments you want to expose to The world? I don't, I don't really care. Yeah. That filter is not like super existent for us. We were on Good Morning America this morning and the guy was asking that question as well.


And it, it's so funny 'cause I actually had this conversation with John Cena too. Like once backstage, he's like, you just film everything. Like, I don't, I don't understand. And I, we got like into like a philosophical, like how important I believe documenting is. And we've crossed the threshold of like, stranger's opinions. And, and once you get past the idea that like, oh, I'm going to be judged and there are going to be people that won't like me. I've accepted that I'm good and confident in who I am, you can move forward. And we've kind of put our, like I Got like best interests of self aside for the sake of entertainment. And we've been doing it for decades.


And now we have these amazing women in our lives who normally people don't see really like that intimate side of us. Like I keep saying this, like seeing him in love in season one with Utah is just like, like Utah. I've never seen this side of it. Really? Yeah. I even felt like in season one they really like wanted to show us more as a sport sports couple. I feel like in real life we were even More like that. So, and you guys' story was of course like with the baby was More like the loving side and us was More like the sports side of it. But I think in season two they would show that more because to Me, we also just filmed so much. You and I like you guys are often Longer. That Is it always longer. That is Super. So it's like now you, it was very hard for us to film, but we Got Yeah. When you get together, there'll be much more moments like that.


That is super true. Like we just filmed so much. Yeah. All our Bullshit. Yeah, we did. Yeah. Was it, it's cute, interesting for you being pregnant for the first season of a reality show because while the audience will, will get like, mostly pretty much who we all are, you're going through all these hormones and there's these big fucking cameras in your face as you're pregnant. Was that, was, did you feel like you got slightly No, That was not me. That was pregnant. Nina. Okay. Yeah. Like now we have Nina back, she's finally back. But it was definitely one of the reasons why I was nervous to do the show. 'cause it's like you go through so much as a woman when you go through a pregnancy and especially the first one. Like, you just don't know what to expect.


And I didn't know how I was gonna react with the hormones and with the body changes and mentally and physically. And I was like really nervous about having cameras all over the fucking place and having to look at myself all the time when this was happening. 'cause I think it can be tough for girls to see that transformation. Obviously it's so beautiful. But like, it's still like your body is changing at a rabid pace. So I feel like if we get a season two in Shala, then you'll actually get to see who Nina is. 'cause that was pregnant. Nina. She was probably nicer. Who, who? Pregnant. Nina? Yeah. Really? Yeah, I think so. She Was very nice. Yeah, she was really Nice.


Yeah. Like motherly feeling for her, You know? Yeah. She, she's sweeter. I think Logan's shaking his head. What do you think? Don't be careful. Be careful. Logan. Yeah. Trent. Oh, no, no. I made a rule. I made a rule when Nina was pregnant. I was like, You know what? It was a motto I just go with, Even if Nina's wrong, she's right. What did you say? What was it? It was a, Even, even if you're wrong, you're still right. And I'm wrong for thinking that you were wrong. 'cause you're right. Yeah. Something like that. And by the way, it, it was smooth. That's a great saying. Just for that nine months I'm gonna learn That It worked. It Worked. Even the, even though, even, even if you are wrong, you're right.


Even if you're wrong, you're right. And I'm wrong for even thinking you're wrong because you're right. Yeah. Say it's a secret to good. That just is that just happening. Wife Is, it's essentially happy wife Happy's Exactly What she is. Okay. So This whole Don't get it. Hold on. The whole happy wife, happy life thing. Here We go. It's bullshit. Let me let, let me tell you how it, the want Being divorced. Wait, divorced. Right. Right. Along With from a divorce. Right. Along with, along with 50% of America who's divorced. So What about, I think it's like 70% Bad. Bad. What about Happy Spouse, happy house. Most of the guys that I know say happy wife, happy life. They're fucking miserable. They're cheating. Their wives are cheating. It's bullshit.


Happy wife, happy fucking life. Fuck that Happy spouse, happy house. Why can't hell go both ways? It should both. Both. Both. Yeah, that's right. That's Good. Absolutely. Okay. So, so, so if I say Happy wife, happy life, how is that both ways. It's not. Well Then follow it up With happy. You can add it. Happy spouse. There's an add-on. Happy Everyone. You should come up with your own cool little slogan. Not only just did, I think I just did. Yeah. That I like. Happy House. Happy. Happy Spouse, happy job. Did you trademark that? I did. Oh, cool. Mom, I understand you're not completely satisfied with your representation in the show on season one. Can you talk a little bit about how you feel? Why am I being put on the spot on This?


Because I know you think you're way more interesting than you were portrayed in season one. I am way more interesting than I was portrayed in season One. How do you feel? How do I feel about that? You just said how I felt about that. I think that my, I have so much more in my personality that didn't get shown. Number one, I'm married, which probably most people don't even know. And Wait, was he just not shown at all? He was just not ever introduced. He was omitted. Oh, He was completely No, he was, he was pretty much he was introduced. No, don't you Were in the living room. You gave him a kiss and you said this is Yeah.


We, We forced that to happen. I he's Totally included. Oh yeah. There was a few things that were forced to happen because of that, you know, because of me saying something. So shout out to David, I love you. And he believes in happy wife, happy life. So it's awesome. Goes back to what I was saying. And So I know. I'm just More like, it was always so serious. I think when they were in like, they're Spunky. Like people need to see that you're like a little Spunky. Spunky. And she's athletic. She's the most competitive out of all of you guys. Like I, I think definitely in season Two in Shala, Pam should have a little more airtime of Logan's rubbing off on the side.


Think there's just so much God Willing, there is Way more, there was just so much footage. It was like nearly impossible to do this. Yeah. To to figure it all Out. That's what they kept saying to me. But there could have been a little bit more just quick. It doesn't have to be, You know, some big segment. But I liked when they came back and included Utah's personality better. I I thought that was really good. And by the way, I thought you did great, Nina being pregnant and being filmed. Yeah. I mean I was, I I look back at it, I'm like, I don't know how she did that. And you did it with this smile. I think you did it. So, so question. How do you guys maintain ba based on this kind of, not resentment, but like, just unhappiness, how things turned out.


How do you guys maintain No, wait, no, we're happy. No, no, sorry, sorry, sorry. That's not what we said. Pam, Pam, Pam specifically being a little bit upset or whatever, how do you guys maintain who you actually are versus you two who have the opportunity at any given time to slip back into that more performative like Pam? I'll tell you what, if you had done a back flip off the roof into the fucking pool in season one, that would've Made it would, they would've left It out. No. No. It they would've made it. That's what it would've made it. I had to Do you hear what I'm saying though? Like why, like, do you guys feel like you need to compete for airtime? Do you feel like you need to act performative to get on ca? Like there's, There's, there's there's a difference. Mom and I I love you. This might hurt your feelings a little bit. Well, why don't you not say it then.


Never thought of that. No, because I think you should, I think you should know it. The spunky part of your personality is not the majority of your personality. True or false. You're put together 80% of the time. Plus I would say, which Is needed. Yeah. She, yeah. And by the way, that's how they portrayed her in the show. She's like the level headed sweet mother. Got it. Which she is. Eight no, 90% of the time. 10% of the time about post 8:00 PM down at the Oh, I Got the video. Yeah. We would see Pam going crazy once she gets a little wine in her. Jake and I are we, we got some screws loose like most of the time Watch Pam had a fight or the Turkey bowl on Thanksgiving And Christmas.


Yeah. Yeah. So There is footage though. That's, that's kinda what I'm saying. Like, they came and they saw us play football. I made a touchdown. They did come and had had my tennis friends. We all played a match and You know, so that's the part that Yeah. But, but I mean, they didn't show to be fair with the Turkey bowl. Like I was clearly the MVP No. You Were like, no, you didn't get awarded the mvp. No, but I think Wakey was, but I was clearly the MVP that was like, that was like a guilt trip. Like new family member. He is caught one pass. MVPI had three touchdowns, like probably over a hundred Russian yards. An inter an interception.


Yeah, you did. And almost a forced fumble. But we won't even count that With a bad ankle. That's true. Logan. That did not hurt my feelings at all. You're right. Like I'm, Yes. So what I'm saying, that doesn't hurt my let loose my suggestion would be what he just said Back flip ladder when that, when That red light is on, go crazy. Give them content they have to put in the show call some drama. Good note. Good cost some drama. Yeah. Like start cur cursing out your ex-husband. Yeah, go ahead Greg. Yeah. Say something to him now I'm too nice because You guys, you guys had an episode where there was a little bit of a back and forth. Whatcha talking about Episode six? Episode Six? Yeah.


That one was heavy. Yeah. These motherfuckers trying to come at my ass on everything. Yeah. Well, can you guys tell me what happened? But No, you have to watch You have the show Like everyone else. Fair enough. No problem. It's Actually one of those things where like, do you have A HBO max account? I I'm very, I still call it Cinemax Logan comments on my how old I am all the time. I don't, I don't know. I'm sure I do. He He yells at me when I'm not coming down for supper And to watch my favorite sper program, which is Jeopardy. Sorry. Damn. You're Yeah, I'm getting there. Dude, I love meatloaf.


What does A mechanic in auto shop owner in Georgia, a taco restaurant operator in Arizona and a lifesaving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common? Anyone? Mike, Is it that they're all small businesses. They are and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, increasing sales and expanding to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing more than 28 million people. And that number keeps growing. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. Learn more about TikTok s contribution to the U US economy@tiktokeconomicimpact.com. Back to the show.


Okay, here's a question. How do you continue to one up the, the episode of the season before? Like, like, lemme ask you guys this question as a, as a unit, as a family unit, you just had a historic fight against Mike Tyson. You're running the, the, the WE you're the best Olympic, you know, skate speed skater of, in the history of The world, Nina's a mom and a model and all these incredible things and just become such an awesome part of this whole dynamic. GP is an established crab bayou king, Pam's a you king pans a gymnastics. How do you continue to provide and level up when it seemingly feels like we've, we've reached some sort of pinnacle, right?


AP definitely not even all, not even close, bro. We're, we're just getting started, but also doing more repetitions of the show. We're gonna get better at filming it and being able to tell these storylines. 'cause there are still so many things that are missed throughout, still like, popping out kids, we got a marriage, we got an engagement, we have bachelor pu bigger, bigger fights to come, You know, world championships, WWE e Champ. And even truthfully, some of your guys's strongest personalities are some of the friends that haven't even been introduced. No, and That's, that's what's crazy is like We had this conversation. Yeah. Yeah. We had this conversation. We want This show to be even more personal this next season.


And less about the big events. I think the funniest moments are when it's literally just the boys and, and the girls like talking shit hanging out. A hundred percent. It's, it's what we, we realized watching the episodes back, like the, the, the pitch for the show was like, Jake's going to box in front of 60,000 people the next weekend. I'm frog splashing in front of the same number in a stadium. What does that look like behind the scenes? It's these, it's these big events. The lore. And that's I think why Max bought the show. But in filming we realized that most of the best moments were just us at home. Like, like just being a Family. I said it from the beginning. Yeah. I said, you guys have to say, yeah, I wanna be a reality TV star because that is what's gonna be successful.


And that's what people wanna see. They wanna see like, people behind the scenes. Yeah. Like Everyone. Well, we did at Thanksgiving dinner when we, nobody's film this every, we're all tilting our cameras getting different angles. What you Call the gauntlet. We need to use that footage. We, we got it got we Got. Yeah, we got it got heated. It. Yeah. There was, We always get in arguments. Well that, and that's what people wanna see. And when you, and when you think about it, like all the stuff you guys are talking about, the WrestleMania stuff, the boxing, we're already seeing that. We're already seeing all that stuff. And, and you didn't have to realize that the the real meat was behind the scenes because both of y'all already know it. How many times did you guys concept of logout and use 90% of the conversation in the car before the big concept actually even happened?


All of the all of the real payoff is behind the scenes. You're right. I guess just that's not how, certainly not how I thought this was gonna go. It's, it we were like, it's gonna be like a docuseries reality. Sh it's not a reality show. But Nina from day one was like, dude, it's gotta be a reality TV show. She's right. She's a hundred Percent right for success For Sure. Yeah. Yeah. For long-term success. And so season one is, is an interesting hybrid. But in season two, I believe we're gonna lean more into like reality tv, which Is a bit well include more and like the v vulnerable Vulnerable, vulnerable, Vulnerable. Yeah. Vulnerable moments and like the real moments and conversations and emotions and all Of, well, You know, the other thing is a lot of people are like, oh, it's scripted and, and none of this shit we're doing is scripted.


Jude. I, when I saw those comments, I was like, wow, I forgot this might be a concern. Like, oh, like, yeah, like, Like all you dumb motherfuckers out there that think that no gps gonna do any scripting bullshit. You can kiss my white ass. It ain't gonna happen. Needs, You know, needs. I wanna ask you a question. So you, you, you put a lot out there this season specifically Episode seven. Yeah. Episode seven of eight. You gave birth to our daughter. Yep. And like that had to feel pretty vulnerable for you. It's definitely not hard to watch, but it's like, I haven't put myself out there in a while and here I am putting all of me out there.


Yeah. You know, it's like, it's so many emotions and like, sounds And I thought it was done in like a super beautiful way though. Yeah. I was done Really beautiful. Did you see the first cut though? The first cut was a lot. I I, I didn't watch any of the first after the Bro. It was ridiculous. Sorry. Were the cameras in the, you're never even giving delivery room? No, I, I I filmed it. I Don't know how you managed to do that while supporting me. Logan was able to film the entire thing, like perfectly capture all the moments from like, You know, my emotions to ESMs first cry to her going to get weigh to you being there. Like, it was fascinating. He's been, I was like, wow.


All these vlogging. I was gonna say he's in practice. Yeah. Yeah. I was just, Since we were nine No, because We were like, do we bring a videographer? We, we thought about bringing my best friend Taylor, who's a videographer. And I was just like, I just want it to be you. Like I want it to be intimate and it's, it's our moment. I don't think there's another person on the planet that has the level, the capability to multitask true production value with really living in the moment at the same exact Yeah. Time. Do you actually, were you in the moment when she was born away? I totally, I totally was. You you were. It was baby. It was, it was hard to not be completely cemented in that moment. It was so fucking beautiful. All of It. And you Looked, I looked.


Yeah. You didn't did you ever pass out at all? No, I didn't pass out. They told me. They told me that. Yeah. They told me when she got her epidural, which is fucked by the way. Insane. They shove this, this needle this long in her back like this. Like, and they told me not to look away 'cause or to look away 'cause some husbands like, like actually pass out. And I'm like, this can't be that bad. And sure enough it was that bad, but No, no, no. I, I was able to, it was just such a, it was such an amazing moment. And like, that was part of this like, like, like theory. Like this calling, I have to, to document like, dude, the moment Esme was born is captured on camera. But this Is with you. No, this with, what I wanted to bring up is I have a gripe to pick with my parents here because, and also questions because cameras like didn't exist when I was born.


And you guys had a videographer in the room. And I'm sitting here watching a first cut of an episode and I see myself being fucking born on camera and you guys have failed to mention that. Never showed me. And why the fuck did you have a videographer in there? Well, We were saving that for This show, bro. No, Jake, Jake, fuck off. No, Jake, I saw, I saw that footage and I nearly wept. I was like, I was like, no, I Got teary on like, this is Jake, Jake, Jake doesn't know this exists. What the fuck? No. It, and though they threw it in a cut and sent you as a draft. I was fucking pissed. I sent them a note like, you have ruined a moment in my life for me and my brother and our family.


Yeah, you were very mad. But Yeah. But why but how you guys had this footage never gonna be like, Hey, here's you being born. I told you we were saving it for The show, bro. Bro, I want a fucking real answer. Okay. I'm gonna give a real answer. Back in the day, 28 years ago, 30 years ago when you guys were born, we had that video camera because my dad gave it to us and he was into filming how we thought to bring it to the hospital. I have no idea. And a nurse was filming, not the video, you Just handed it to a nurse. Yeah, Yeah. Go grab this, grab this, grab this. So this shit's about to happen right now, dude. So I don't even remember how we thought of that.


'cause we did not do that when Logan was born. 'cause we were in an operating room because he was a C-section. So we you couldn't bring a camera. But we, no, we do have that where they're like, You might have, yeah, there's something Where I'm standing there in there and I'm holding the camera and I'm looking over the thing where you're draped and, and all you hear on camera is somebody counting one, two and they're counting Sponges, Towels to soak up blood and Whoa. Stuff like that. So they, they count 30 that they use, they want get 30 back. So they make sure they, oh my Gosh. They don't forget One. Yeah. So they don't leave one in the Always But magic, the shit out a towel that they forgot in the No, it was staying there.


So, So then we get home and it's not like you guys, you're always reviewing stuff and you're looking, You know, at your photos. That's not really what we did. We put the camera away and then what are we gonna do? Show it to a 3, 4, 5, 6-year-old. I I don't think we ever even thought of that. I get it. And then we get divorced and some of the, You know, film stuff goes with me, some photos with your dad and never occurred to me. You never asked to see or say, did you film my birth? I never even occurred to me that that would be something really important to you. I apologize for that, but I just didn't think of it.


Why? Why is that, by the way? Why is that so important to you? You just want to see yourself being con. 'cause like, that's sick. We we're creators and like influencers and we changed the space forever. And the fact that you're I was born on camera is this context exists. Yes. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. That's hilarious. What I would've said, like we've always said, like, oh, we've lived our whole life on camera. Literally, literally. I literally been on camera the whole time. It kind of confirms your story. Yeah. I was Filming the whole time. It was like an i for me, I'm getting actually goosebumps here. Like, and it was a confirmation of identity. Like, like no, no wonder we film everything. The it's first moment on this planet was caught on camera.


Yeah. And yours is too because, but with yours, there's not much area. All, all they hear is Dr. What was her name? Woo. Yeah. She goes shout out, shout out. She Shout out. She's like, AO It's a boy. You know? And that's all we hear. But everything was draped. So we, we couldn't really see you like we could with Jake regardless. And, and I know where we got this idea, our neighbor Joyce, across the street filmed her delivery and she invited us over to watch it. But when her, her filming was from this thing. Oh, what? Oh God. Whoa. That's A ing Cardi. Well, and she, so she's a doctor and she didn't even warn us.


Like, we're all sitting there and all the dudes are like, wow. Yeah. That's crazy. Whoa. That's great. See, we're like, all right, we're gonna do it, but we'll do it over the shoulder and we'll keep, remember that. Now I was gonna keep her knees draped. So it can be something that can be viewed by anybody. And all you're seeing is a baby. It was Awesome. Except we never showed anybody Jake. And it was YouTube friendly and now The world friendly. It was done in a way that you possibly could have shown. Yeah. It's it's the same angle as Esmail almost. Yeah. It's It's in, it's in the show. It's, I was gonna ask, I mean, you answered it, but like, what, what like, inspired you guys to do that? 'cause it, you were way ahead of your time in terms of To say the least Filming And, and the one time when I was filming you in the kitchen, and I said, 'cause it's in the show too.


You're like, nobody's gonna watch this. I'm like, I'm filming all this stuff and who's gonna watch us be like your dad. And I like classic. You know what's, You know what's sad about This Mr. And Mrs. Beast. That's right. There is a lot of, there is a lot of situations like this where that childhood footage goes missing after a divorce. I speak on it from, it's a topic I know very well because when you have a home with two people that love each other and that those are the most key, You know, sacred parts of the house, they're kept in a very important spot. And there's a, a huge argument. Wha wa Sad. I don't know. It's sad. It's a sad, it's a sad part of divorce. I mean, a lot of that stuff goes missing.


What would you say? And that's why you didn't see the video. That's why I Said but what, but what would you say your biggest trauma is besides that though? It's your heroin. Wha wha Wait, is this like a part of the show or something? You just don't have any fucking empathy for my set, My sadness. It's a, we're Having a tough time. It's a TikTok trip. Are you okay Michael? Yes, I'm fine. This has nothing to do with it. It's, I heard, I heard How is the breakup? We, what the fuck? Dude, You know what's so funny, bro? Oh God. I can see whenever one of my friends goes through a breakup, the man's post after. You could always tell when they're especially broken up. Did he son? I did not travel. No, that's not true.


I didn't do any of that stuff, bro. What? I've just been working and they start posting more. It's like an increased cadence by three x. How is the breakup going? How do You think it is? How, how would it be if you woke up with the first one? Why did you ask me that? Alright. Alright. Alright. So, so Should we talk About Mike for A little bit? No, no, no, no, no. This, there was a reason why I wasn't coming on today. Originally, I wasn't supposed to be on the show. I wanted to act as a moderator just in case there was a fight. Or just in case we needed to ask more important questions, which is what I wanna do right now. What is the rollout strategy? What are we doing tonight? Like, what's the plan here? Yeah. Oh. Oh, today's sick. Yeah. So we will be the first ever premiere to take place in Times Square.


Woo. So they're showing the episode. Let's Go. Yeah, they're showing the full episode one and there's like a, a stage in Times Square apparently. And by the way, aren't you guys supposed to be on it in about 15 minutes? No, we'll leave, we'll leave shortly. Oh, okay. Got it. But, but, but yeah. Yeah. Dude, dude, max, like Max went hard into their marketing budget for this show, which is sick because man, they, they, they really believe in it. And like, this will be our forever home. As long as they'll have us. They're such great partners and they, they like roll out the red carpet. Like I said, and I'll even say it again. They rolled out the red carpet. They put, they put a boxing, a boxing ring on stage. I think Jake and I are gonna spar.


Oh, so they really rolled out the red carpet. Yeah. So, so there's actually a red carpet. Yeah. There actually. Is It red? Is it, Is it just Pam? Why Wore red? Yeah. Is it? Wait, well, We won't even be able to see you. How changing, You know, if you're on it. Well, you don't like my App. Well, on a red carpet it might be, It'll just be a floating hat. It's gonna slide. I brought a red dress. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Red dress. All right. All right. Left it. Oh, oh, oh. You know, Cinemax was always my f Cinemax was always my favorite network because at night they would show Nudies. Yeah. At 11:30 PM they would show soft court porn. Do they still do that on that channel? I don't think so. Well This is a family show. HBO Max. Right? It what's that?


Cinema Max doesn't exist anymore. Oh yeah. Cax. Is that even round? Yeah. I don't know what that is. What are you guys talking About? How old are you Mike? I think he's going through a breakup. Cax Turned into HBO. Okay. I would like to give Nina my present. Oh, Again, suck Ass. Suck ass brown noses. Brown nose, brown nose. It's My birthday. It's her birthday. She needs a present. And then since it's also, Dammit, I love my car. This is also my flower car. Your birthday is coming up. Don't look yet. Okay. Is it a shrimp? Whoa. You Want me to open it now? Is it a Lamborghini? Okay. For fun. What is this?


Oh my god. Oh, this amazing. Oh my God. She's gonna look amazing in this. I don't think it's gonna fit her. Nina. She's s not gonna fit her mom. It's gonna Fit her for a second. She is. So she, but Nina loves clothes and she loves clothes for Esme. I like clothes for Esme more than I like clothes, for me to be honest. Aw, Too bad. She set out That will fit you. Wow. A nice little bra. No, it's workout outfit. Oh my gosh. Are you telling me to get my ass back in the gym? Is Sorry. Absolutely not. This is what she wears every day in Puerto Rico. Is it is.


So I just added to her collection is so sweet. Thank you. Oh, that's so nice. Nina. Nina set out clothes for Esme. Oh my God. The other day, like to go on our trip to London and she's like mixing and matching these clothes and she said it was so much fun. She's like, that was the most fun I've had in a while. Yeah. It was the best time ever. I agree. I get excited. Yeah. Literally the best time ever. You just get to dress room, whatever you want. She can't say anything. That's so amazing. And and she's so, she's so cute. Like she cute. She comes out looking like a gangster until she throws up on it, which is inevitable. I did wanna ask one question too on the flip side because Oh, Is it gonna be a good one this time? Yes, I do. I wanna know, I wanna know someone. I'm sorry Mike. I'm only doing it for the TikTok.


What happened? What happened and what were feelings on the Canelo fight not happening Bro. That was like four months ago. Yeah. Mike, what? What the fuck? But we got gates now, so You're not upset about it all. Canelo's ducking him. Canelo's ducking him. 'cause he knows Jake will beat his ass. That's That's true. No, I'm not upset, bro. I mean, if people want to go, I was trying to hit him with a wamp pom. But you should have, you should've. He didn't gimme any fucking, he answered it like he wasn't upset. Doesn't matter. Hit do it now. What are your feelings on it? Shut the m No. Yeah, he's look, he's a big boxer, big boxer guy. And he's gonna be moving on to the next, Who's the next Everyone.


Like every boxer. Just everyone. General, Everyone. You define Everyone. Are you embarrassed by the term reality star or do, or do you feel a certain type of way towards that term? So, No, I'm getting used to it. You know, I Think you are the star. Yeah, I do. Rumor is I'm gonna be the star, but I don't know for Sure. I mean, It'll be a spinoff. Well, hold on on that note. Let me show you something. Oh, here We go. It's been a lot. Yeah. Show. Show 'em. Show 'em. Show 'em. It's been a lot of props today. Yeah, This is, What is it? Say? Oh, make Americas good Greg again. Alright. Is it, is this available somewhere?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this is Amazing. So you are gonna buy that million dollar ring. Yeah. Nice. Right? Yeah. So this available at old man fight gear.com and we're gonna have hats coming out. But yeah, we're gonna make Make America Greg again. I Love. It's Great. Do you have the domain? I have the old man fight your don. Do You have that domain? Wait, that one was Make America. I feel like It's taken. It's taken. I think I've, I think I've looked it up for you. Yeah, that one's taken. But Make America, Greg. I've got Do U all. You Also have Greg Paul is a liberal.com. Don't forget. Yeah, We got that one For you. I know, I know. Just let us Know when you want it. Greg Paul iss a Liberal. No, it's transferred. He hasn't, yeah. Yeah. Wait, when America is Greg again, does that mean the details of the HT airstrike will be released to all the group chats or won't be released all?


No. It's all gonna be released. Yeah. Okay. Sick. A hundred percent. Sick. Sick. 'cause we need those surgical strike details ahead of time. Yeah, yeah, sure. Exactly. And we're not holding anything back sick while we're making America. Greg again, babe, I want to ask you a little bit about motherhood really. A little bit maybe. Okay. I just feel like it's so interesting and you haven't really spoken on it. And people, people will see your motherhood a bit in the show, but yeah. How's it been? You got a six month old baby? I mean, I guess I do too. I do, yeah. She, she's Half a year today, baby. That's her half birthday. Like a 1257 today. I was like, Zoe, six months ago. This was a very special moment. Yeah.


Let's say that motherhood is a journey. You know, like I feel like you don't know what to expect until it's happening. And then even then you're like, what the fuck is happening? And I would be lying if I was like, it's sick. Like the first, like three to four months were honestly so hard. Like mentally, physically, and I'm so privileged. I have help, I have an amazing husband to be who helps me. I have a mother-in-law. My mom was over here. Like, I had so much help and I was still going through it. Like it's just, you go from having those 10 months, you, it's not your body and then you give birth, but now you, you don't have your life anymore.


'cause now your life is solely based around this new little person's life, which is incredible. But it, it literally goes from being like, you make decisions for you to now you have to make decisions for them before you make them for you. And then you come third. So like, the dynamic in the relationship is different. Like, I, I miss you and I can't wait till like, she's a little older and we have even more time together. It's, it's just a Lot. Yeah. That was all. Wrap it the fuck up. Okay. Well I love it. Wait, He's talking about condoms? No, I do love it. I do love it. I just wanna say that. No. And I love her song. No, I know you do. Yeah. You, you you are what? Just The way he said it. I, I didn't know he was talking, I talking About, I thought he was just saying rap.


The fuck. No, I thought you, he was hitting her with a wmp. Wmp I was talking about like, I just thought this Good intro for Oh yeah. No, we can't get pregnant right now. No. No. 'cause the wedding, she the wedding, she doesn't wanna be pregnant for the wedding. I wanna understand. I wanna, yeah, definitely. That would suck to be pregnant. And That then what's the timeline for, what's the timeline for y'all? Like you have so much stuff coming up, obviously both of you guys, right? Like You took out a wing gold for Me. Well, yeah. I'm going for it. Month. Do you Have a month, have a timeline or That year? We're not gonna get married yet because I wanna plan a wedding and wedding. And Is that the work? Yeah. Whoa. I have a mind. Fuck. I can't speak English anymore. You can. I love you. I love you. Thank you.


You're amazing. You could speak English. Thank you. You know, speak Dutch. Actually, all These people actually. Okay, We'll translate It. Okay. And what did you just, did you guys understand what I said? No, We'll translate. Okay. So yeah, she basically just said that she wants to like plan the wedding after the Olympic games so that She can focus on training and then that we'll do it like later probably in 2027 And yeah. And around August kind of, I think Like that's when you get married, get pregnant. Get married. I was Gonna say like Enjoy. I hope I can get pregnant. Enjoy the time together. Okay. When you guys are, or when you're done with your sport.


'cause like, that's the one thing I'm so happy that you and I did, we took those two years and we just enjoyed each other. 'cause as soon as these children come into The world, the relationship is just, it's just different. Like your time is gonna be Yeah, it's almost second. The kids are the first priority. You Will be third priority. Yeah. And, and, And, but it kind of already is because of my skating. Like I can used to, I can't do anything about it, You know? Yeah. I have to Be a But then you'll be together after the sport and that's No a hundred percent. So We can actually, so that's why we wanna like travel for a year. Yeah. I love that. You should, We're really gonna do it all. Enjoy. And then after, I can't think. And Then you're popping them out So we can be one big happy family. So true. Can you, can you answer this question? Yeah.


Bless. Bless. I feel like huge. Oh my gosh. I feel like you should do something in danger. Oh, here, I'll, I'll handle that. Okay. Keep going and I'll I'll pop in in a second. What do you wanna talk about? If you, if you two, if you two have a baby, that baby's gonna be a Don't say don't say don't stop. This is the fifth time you said this. I just have, it's gonna be a genetic freak of nature. Like that that baby will be Is it, is blessed. Blessed beyond. Yeah. Yeah. She big and strong. Shut up baby. Viking. Viking baby. Coming out, ready to go to war and speed skate.


Fuck to war. I saw that picture of you when you were a One picture. No, but you, When you were like four years old, you had triceps on you. You're sitting. So I had a six pack. Yeah. You're just sitting here like in a chair like this and you arms are ripped. You're four years old. No, I was super ripped. Like, I wasn't like bulky, but I, I had just like muscles, You know, I came out of the womb with muscles. The dad of my dad said to my grandpa, he said, she's gonna be an Adelaide. When I just just got born, this dad got born because I was just, I was already like, I had a six pack, like ripped not fat, but like, really like muscular. Wow. Okay. Nina, this one's for, this one's for you, Nina. Okay, let's, okay, hold on one second. Here we go.


Nina, What was the question? Two doctor. Whoa. That was kind of sexual. I literally said you smelled so fucking bad when you far. Oh really? This was the Question. It sounded like crazy. That like hot bro. This was the Question. This was the question, Logan. You were like, tell me they againt a lot. Do they smell very bad? What? Does Logan fart a lot? And if he does, do they smell very bad? I love you bro. It's like, you know that point. You know that point in a relationship where you're like, you could fart. It's Called day one for mere, you and I are very different. I I was a you You you're a day one Farter.


Not day one, but like, pretty early on. Yo. That's insane. Yeah, that's crazy. Because you have to, you have to remember, you have to remember farting is a very good way to gauge your partner's. Like sense of humor and ability to be like cool with you being a person, a human. So if you can let out a cool fart dude, like a in So embarrassed And they laugh at it. And they laugh at it, Bro. Oh, this morning I laughed. Yeah. The, I i Do, You know what I'm saying? This morning, like, that's like, bro, This morning I, I ripped away for like seven seconds Was like morning. I thought she woke. She, she stood up and walked to the bathroom and I thought she was still in there.


Oh. So I'm sitting next to Oh, so you hold them in and it's so Long. I was like, I care. I'm respectful. I'm Respectful. I'm not saying it's not about You weren't It? Can it, it, there's a lot girls, girls will sometimes say, and this is my type of girl, Like which girl Is there? That was a good, that was a good one, babe. Like they'll hype you up on the size of your far. So you don't know This. That's crazy. I don't want that. Why? That's because because bro, I'll be honest with you, part of the reason that I fart in front of Nina is to get a reaction. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. No, not a good one. I don't want her to gasp me up. I'm gassing myself up with my gas. Literally. Wait, What is her reaction to 'em? Her. Oh, Ew. Get away from Depends. Putrid. Oh, depends.


Smelly farts are d That's completely Different. I mean, bro, bro, you farting to smell good. What are you doing? No, mine are very loud. They don't smell. Sometimes yours are quiet, but Oh, sorry. But deadly, awful. Worst dude. The fir the first time I farted in front of her, I was, I couldn't look myself in the mirror. He was so embarrassed. Do you? Still awful. And you still poop and No, we don't do all that. What? We don't, his his doesn't really smell. They're loud though. I'm telling you. But they're loud. That's Shocking. Mostly. That's shocking. 'cause you who smelled them here all night? That's yeah. Of Jake? No, because you just, you look smelly. He's got w he got WI wear W available at one point. That's it. Yeah. Make America Greg again.


Make America Greg again. Let's go. Whoa. Ely Lunch Lee. Whoa. Buy 10. 10 Burger. And the Fit. Vital. What else? Anything else? Watch my Olympics. Yeah, yeah. Eat, Eat. Doghouse. Drink. Oh, invest Anti Fund. Signed a signed A MVP boxing true breath. Yeah, that's but Mainly for Greg HBO Max. Yeah, that's Mark 27. Max's Go Download Better download better. Sorry. Oh. And, and stick around. Season two's gonna be better. No, a hundred percent. I think so too. Yeah. Yeah. Well we always trying to improve. We always trying to improve on what we do. Yeah.


Let's go to, let's go to Times Square. Do the first ever premier in Times Square. Everybody. Let's go. Hey, thanks for watching this episode of Impulsive Our Reality Show Out now on Max. Check it out like and subscribe. Bye.