
The goat of goats. Tom Brady, How did you for so long stay so disciplined? There was part of me that was a psychopath out there. Even the competition motivated us to be better. When I played Peyton Manning, I couldn't have an off day that dude was gonna throw for 350 yards. And when you're getting hit, as You know, there's a discipline with your physical body that you need to take into account. Is there anyone that you were like afraid to get hit by a lot of Guys? I saw a post, I think from ab You were just making sure that he was getting to his psych appointments. What's your relationship like with Antonio? Biggest partier from the NFL Roberto. Good on Kowski. Do you ever feel like all of this is just a social construct to distract us from the fact that we live on a spinning rock hurtling through space with no destination in mind? You're right.


I think about that a lot in the End. 2017, my first Super Bowl, you win the game and what was like one of the greatest comebacks ever. And definitely in Super Bowl history, I'm always trying to fight from behind. Like I was a late bloomer. I just bloomed a little late in that Super Bowl too. Do you regret doing The Roast of Tom Brady? I went out late last night and I Got Yeah, Yeah. See this now. And then I Got to travel this week and there's only so much you can do, You know? Yeah. Like I tried to get up at five 30 and like get going, You know? And I go, come home at three or four. I Was gonna, I was gonna ask about that.


'cause I, my social battery as well is just horrible. Yeah. I don't really have it actually Now. Yours is, yours is depleting fast. I'm a dad now, dude. Lynn. Are you really? Seven month old daughter, like Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks man. Thanks. Yeah, it's, it's awesome. Daughters are the best until they're 12. I can't wait. Things get Bro, and then there's a, there's a dip for about six years. These are on, You don't have to, it's, you can do whichever one you want. We use them just to be more professional. You guys be professional. We Can take up micro cues from each other. Like if he goes, then I know he's about to say something. I'll Just read your body language. Yeah, that works. Damn dude. Damn. He's gonna beat play. He's like, he's like, I don't even need to hear the micro stuff. He's like, I just pick it up off, off Site. Dude, I can't believe it. I thought this was a joke. Yep.


Michael Rubin was like, yeah dude, I Got you. Tom, Tom Brady for the podcast. I was like, no, no you didn't. No way. Threw us in the group chat. I'm like, oh my God, dude. So we're, we're basically, we're in a group chat now with Michael Rubin. That's awesome. Well, We got it worked out. Yeah. Thanks for joining us, Man. You guys are in my home state. You're like 200 yards from my house. This is like crazy. Couldn't get any better. No way. Yeah. Trying to make things convenient for you, Tom. Thank you. You did. Why can't everybody do it like that? Actually I'm putting in formal requests going forward. Everyone needs to be this convenient or else I'm not doing it. We Do wanna make it as easy as possible for you. You did? Yeah. We you I could have swam across from my house right there. Isn't that nice? Yeah. Literally. I could have swam, You could throw two rocks. Rock. That's insane. Rock. Yeah. He, he probably could throw a rock and do it. I don't know about me. You probably could. No, My, my arm is, you'd be surprised.


My coach in high school said I was the most athletic unathletic kid he's ever coached. Really? Why? Why is that a compliment? Yeah. I took This. If you're the most athletic I some sports, I just look really kind of like clunky out there. Oh, the throwing specifically? Yeah. It's interesting 'cause I always, people always measure athleticism and they'll be like, oh, well he's a great athlete and he's, and I've always thought, okay, what constitutes a great athlete? Yeah. What does, You know, because I would be considered not a great athlete, right? Because in the NFL draft 1 99, right? I didn't run that fast. Obviously. I was dur run very slow and I didn't jump very high. But everything else I was actually pretty good at. Like, I could hit a golf ball, 330 yards.


I could throw football 70 yards. I could hit a baseball out of a ballpark. I could hit, You know, I could play ping pong pool, I could shoot threes, I could pickle pickleball. I just, I could play pickle. Yeah. I just can't jump or run. But everyone who can jump or run is considered a great athlete. Yeah. But they can't throw the ball or they can't hit a ball or they can't. So it's, it's kind of bizarre. So do You think, so what do you think the core metric really is? Do you think it's just performance in the discipline that you've chosen? I think there's, there's a lot to that. 'cause you can do, why Don't you, why are you looking at me like that? I like the way you look. No. Do you have something you wanna say to me? No, because We can get this outta the way right now. Yeah. Get it out. Let's hash it out. Seriously. I don't know. I saw your, I saw you snarly like staring at me outta the corner of my eye. I didn't like it. I was, I swear to God I wasn't thinking about anything.


But now that you say it, I am thinking like, what the hell do You know about Athleticism? That's what I that's what I'm asking questions. I'm not making statements. Sports. You barely walk. I, I sports tell you what he did. What? Heroine, What is that? A sport. It Felt like sport was I don play that. Guess what I was the goat of that sport. No. Well then you're still here. You should be thankful. I am. I am very thankful. Tom, can I ask you a question? Not related to sports. No, I don't do heroin. That's good. And no one else out there should do it either for the record. No. No. Do you ever feel like all of this is just a social construct to distract us from the fact that we live on a spinning rock hurtling through space with no destination in mind? I That's brilliant right there. Like life's short and like we may take ourselves way too seriously.


Yes. And I'm not someone that takes much. Oh, I take death. Seriously. Certainly. But you're right. I think about that a lot in the end. What really matters actually, I sent, I have a friend and I sent a lot of like galaxy stuff, You know, and then you're right. When you realize that's really what's going on. Why are we taking ourselves that seriously? Do You, do you think about death? I think taking ourselves too seriously? Or, or, or, or we're a mud ball just About Are you, are you, are you, is mortality an obstacle in your mind? Is it something you Think about? No, it's coming for all of us. But I think like, in the context of my life, and I think the way that it's changed, not that I feel like I've changed much, but I threw a football for a living and I was pretty good at it.


I didn't cure cancer. And when I realized that at a pretty young age of playing, it gave me a lot of perspective. You know, that like, there's a lot of people out there who are heroes in real life doing real life stuff that are really impacting The world in a positive way. And we get glorified because we do something well in a sport at this time, in this era. But the reality is, what can we do to pay it forward? And I think, like for me going forward, it's always about how can I help other people maximize their potential? People came into my life at the right time when I was really open to learning and I was taking in, I was very curious about what kind of The world had to offer. And they took me under their wing. And I feel like going forward, I'm 47, I'll be 48 this year.


It's like, how do I do the same thing for other people as they go through their life and they're looking for a mentor? And I try to be that way as a teammate when I played. But now that I'm not really a formal teammate of everyone, really everybody I come across, I just wanna try to add my 2 cents. 'cause a lot of people did that for me. And it really, it really helped curate this incredible dream that I Got to live out so humble. Yeah. Well I had a lot of humble people around me. And I think, again, it's when you realize that in the end it really doesn't matter. And I have three kids that are mean The world to me. And like, how can I be the best example for them? To me it's like, okay, you wake up every day, you show everybody respect.


You know, you, you try your best at everything you do. You know, you have, you always have a great heart. You lead with your heart. You know, you approach people, you care about 'em. And you know, The world needs more people that care about each other and that care about, You know, this social construct of everybody trying to live their best life Damn Social construct. Great. The question worked out. It really was, it led to something great. Yeah. Do you, do you think about that level of deprecation on the, this this sports or sports entertainment and what it means to The world and sometimes forget how important it is for people to be able to turn off that always important, always impactful part of their lives. And Sunday, sit down, it's great with the family. Watch a game. It's great. Do you ever think that maybe what you did kind of was important to a lot of people?


Yeah. I important and I think it was, there's very few things that transcend the, the, the, the social norms or transcend all the, you know, the race, the gender, the age, the socioeconomic background. And in sports does that, it fill stadiums and it's real life and it plays out. And I was saying this to a friend last night and I was in the context of football players. 'cause there was a few guys that I was sitting at dinner last night that I really like. And I was like, You know, I said to my friends, I said, I, football players are the best guys and they're just hardworking. They're such a, a meritocracy in professional football. If you're the best you will play, and like, you don't feel like there's a few guys who are about themselves, but for the most part they're about each other.


And, and there's nothing like being a locker room full of people that care about you and you care about them. And I just feel like that's like, man, how do we get that in a broader society? You know, like, like The government for example. Like people that just want to work together. Not, we're not gonna get political Time. Yeah, I know. Good trust. We can't solve the problems of humanity on this show today. That's, We Can try, it'll take a few more episodes. But You talked about this mentorship and how important it's for you to mentor other people. Man, I could go two different ways with this right now. Who would, who would you describe as the most important mentor in your life as you, as you came up through the ranks? There's not one. Okay. And I, it's like I look at phases of my life and I just, they kind of added on as I went.


My dad was my greatest. My dad and mom set the foundation for who I am. My mom's the, You know, sweetest, most caring, loving woman. Gave me like a great foundation. Always believed in me when no one else did. I said I was very slow. I I couldn't run. She say, honey, you're the fastest on the field. I'm like, mom, You know, but the moms believe in you so much and they give you this sense of confidence even though you, you really shouldn't have it. And then my dad was my idol. Like I had three older sisters. I wanted to play football. And he was like, there every step of the way with me, dad, I want to go to this camp. He drove me to the camp, You know, and, and, and I, I, I wasn't even at a football school. I didn't even realize this would really be my career path. But like, he was always there after every game. You know, I show up, win or lose.


He was there to like embrace me and love me. And I think that family gave me the best foundation. I had three great sisters that were like, show up to my games at Michigan. Just the three of 'em ready to fight people in the stands if they were talking shit about their brother, You know. And then, you know, I get drafted. I, there was a sports psychologist I had at Michigan who taught me how to like, see things through a different perspective. When I felt sorry for myself or I wasn't getting the opportunities, he would say like, man, fuck that. Like, stop worrying about all the things that don't go your way and start focusing on the things that are going your way and do better with those. And like, quit worrying. Quit looking at the guy next to you and saying, well, he's getting more, he's getting this. Like, just do the best with what you got.


And then I had a guy who taught me how to throw a football. Tom Martinez, he passed away around 2011, taught me literally, like from the time I was in high school in 19 90, 19 95, he was always, You know, 1993, I started working with him as a, as a th to work on my throwing mechanics. And then I get drafted by Bill Belichick and he's a mentor. And then Alex Guerrero comes into my life in 2022. And I can't throw football because my arm's killing me. And he takes me under his wing and we become best friends. And I learned so much about health and wellness in my body, and there's No way I could accomplish what I did in my career without him. So I just look at this as like so many people coming along that like, how lucky am I to have these people coming into my life and say, and then there's a lot of other people along the journey too.


Josh McDaniel's, one of my great coaches and business mentors, people that I looked up to and psychologists that came into my life and, and helped me in so many ways. So I don't know, we should all be really open to learning. Like, there's a great line that this, I heard from this guy said, guru said what we know, he is amazing Podcast On show. He's amazing. You know, what we know is limited. What we, what we don't know is limitless. And like, okay, like let's learn. Let's be open. Let's go into things with, You know, our ears open to listen and learn. And I think that's a great part about it. I wanna actually draw a comparison between you and another goat who happens to be my boss, triple H. He, he just got inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.


And in his speech he's saying a lot of things that you're actually saying right now. He, he was just so thankful for everyone who helped him along the way. Yeah. And he didn't attribute his greatness to really himself that much. It it was, it was the people around him and the people that helped push him in the right direction. Yeah. And I think the humility that you both exhibit is, is super inspiring. But that's one thing about you that's always separated you from other people who are at the top of their game. Dude, your mindset, your mi your mindset is unbelievable. And, and, and I'm someone who has a lot of drive and, and I wanna do great things in this life and hopefully entertain in a way that can help people detach, like we spoke about earlier, which I think is, is, is really useful for a lot of people because man, life's hard.


But to be able to, You know, watch a, a wrestling match and see a move and get a dopamine spike at home or, to me that's, that, that feels like my current journey. But how did you for so long stay so disciplined in your sport? Because the longevity of your career and performing at the level you did, and even having like a second wind at the tail end of your career is just one of the most astounding things I think that anyone's ever seen in sports. Yeah, I was, I was just, I was blessed to, to to love what I did for a, for a job just like you're doing now. You know, it's like you really have to love it. 'cause I think that's what, when you wake up in the morning, you bounce outta bed. That's, that's the way to do it is like, okay, what do I Got going today?


What purpose do I have to to, to jump up outta bed? And I think football, you could look at as a sport, but to me it was all about like relationships and teammates. So, You know, even mentors, You know, I talk about some people who I would say were more my teachers then I have like my teammates who were my motivators and I didn't wanna let those guys down. And there was a lot of those, you know, Rodney Harrison and Ty Law and, and Kevin Faulk and Wes Welker and Randy Moss and Mike Evans and Chris Godwin, and Gronk and Julian. So many like, you just don't, when you know they're putting a lot on the line, their body, their family, their time, you don't wanna let them down. And so you, there's, there's an accountability to sports.


Like you get in the ring with someone who's a great wrestler. You want your best well for the crowd certainly and for yourself. But that guy's putting a lot on the line too. So you're like, I better show up, ready to go. Can't mess it.


Six Months from now, you could be running a 5K booking that dream trip or seeing thicker, fuller hair. Every time you look in the mirror through hers, you can get dermatologists trusted, clinically proven prescriptions with ingredients that go beyond what over the counter products offer. Whether you prefer oral or topical treatments, hers has you covered. Getting started is simple. Just fill out an intake form online and a licensed provider will recommend a customized plan just for you. The best part, everything is a hundred percent online. If prescribed, your treatment ships right to your door. No pharmacy trips, no waiting rooms, and no insurance. Headaches plus treatments start at just $35 a month. Start your initial free online visit today@forher.com slash talk. That's FORH e.com/talk to products are not FDA-approved or verify for safety effectiveness or quality prescription required price. Marries both on product and subscription plan. See website for full details, restrictions and important safety information.


What's up? We're in this rhythm. We have this cadence. This is a performance and people are, people are dedicating their time. They could do anything to watch you, to pay attention to what you're doing. And they're, they chose you. So like what responsibility do you have to those people who chose you when they're right. They're working two jobs, working, construction, working in supermarkets, they got a little bit of free time, they come home and they put you on. Like, that's a great responsibility. See, It's, it's funny because I feel like what you just said right there, this responsibility to the, to the public, not every person in the spotlight feels that. And that is something that I feel like probably comes from your upbringing.


Yeah. And from the teaching from your parents. Yeah. And so, like the way you explained it, I believe is probably is correct. It's an amalgamation of all of these different things. Talent or hard work outta the two of them. Which one is a more important ingredient to the type of success that you've seen? Hard work. Hard work. A hundred percent. And I, and I, I have real life examples, not just in sports but in business. I mean, I know a lot of guys that aren't Harvard MBAs. I, a couple friends, my friend Michael Rubin at Fanatics, it's like, yeah. And I love Michael. My friend Mike Ley at Noble, he's like, all the Harvard guys work for me. He goes, I Got, You know, I was a 2.2 GPA, you know, I Got all these Harvard guys working and not, and look, I'm not disparaging to Harvard at all. That's a great school. I could never got in there. The closest I Got was a charity football game playing on like the field with, You know, for best buddies.


But it was like, these guys are just, they're, they, they're, they got all the traits. And I think the ones that are really sustainable. 'cause even in sports, you, you have, in order to be your best, you need to maximize your physical, your mental and your emotional. And we're talking about physical, you're talking about talent, which is great. And that's a, that's a, that's a great bar to set. You need to have the height, the weight, the speed, the ability, the physical ability. But then you need to me, the ability to learn process information, taking lots of information to be able to apply it. Take what you're learning from a meeting room out to a field. And then you need to bring a competitive stamina to practice every day to be your best. And I was talking with my friend earlier this week and he was like, well what, what separated you on the football field?


And I was like, I think I was, there was a degree, there was part of me that was a psychopath out there because I, I was, I was extremely hyper competitive every day. I didn't feel like, okay, let's get to Sunday. And then now it's the time. Like every day was the time and every day is the time to give your best. And even if it's practice, do your best in practice. And I learned that in college. Like, if I didn't do my best in practice, I wasn't gonna play on the weekend. I, because there was no entitlement. So I had to work hard to prove to my teammates, Hey, I'm ready to go. I gotta be there. I gotta show up. I gotta be ready. I gotta treat this game. Like it matters more than anything. Well, when my teammates feel that, guess who else has to raise the bar? My teammates, because I'm bringing the juice every day.


Rising tide and Salt shake. Exactly. So that's what leaders do. Leaders don't have days off. They show up every day and they're like, I'm giving my best. Well why? That's for me, great. But it's also gonna make them better. And then when they're better, we're better. And then it, we don't have to wait till Sunday to get better. We could get better on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. 'cause that's the competition. And then in the season ends March, April, may, June when no one's watching. What are we doing? And if we're all getting better, 5% better or 8% better, and they're not well over time, who wins? The, the guys that are, that are getting better. Not the guys that are at Liv with grout man at three in morning. Yeah. Mean I'm glad I met Dave and got closer later in my life.


Yeah, yeah. You know, but yeah, You, you, you, you see maybe a little looser than when you were playing. Is That true? Yeah. But that's natural because like, there's a, there's more of a regiment to, to playing and, and when you're getting hit, as you know, there's a discipline with your physical body that you need to take into account. Yeah. Because if you fuck around, you're gonna get hurt. And that's, it's different than a lot of, I think sports where they're not that physical. Yeah. Maybe like soccer or maybe like baseball or basketball to a degree. But I think like if you play hockey, if you play MMA compete in MMA, like you don't mess around with your training because you will pay the price. When you got Aaron Donald chasing you, you will pay the price. Yeah. I was gonna ask, is there anyone that you were like afraid to get hit By a lot of guys and Dominic and Sue?


Maybe Ray Lewis was at the top and Dominic and Sue, I didn't like getting hit by him. Yeah. JJ Watt wasn't very fun to get hit by. I I figured you'd say JJ Watts. Yeah. Helo nada. Do you remember him? He was about 340 pounds. My God. With the Ravens. Oh God. He was a he was massive. So yeah, like that, that, that's not fun. That's yeah. That's, And that's the, that's the physical side. You, you, I saw something, you brought this physical, mental, emotional trifecta and I saw a post I think from AB yesterday on Twitter. Oh Yeah. You were just making sure that he was getting to his, his psych appointments. Yeah. And he thought that that was a Yeah, that was, that was What's what's your relationship like with, with Antonio?


We've had him on the show. Yeah. I mean, I, I I, I wanted the best for him. You know, I think I saw a spark in him that I thought if, if put in the right place, you know, how incredible it could be for not just the team he was on, but for his life and what he could accomplish. And, You know, I just, I always hoped for the best for, for him. And I, I met him and I always admired him as a player. And then I Got to play with him. And I actually saw in the meeting room, like how he could take information and bring it to the field. And we, we, we picked him up at the Patriots and he played one game, the opener, second game of year against Miami. And then the next week in practice we're playing the Jets. It was a Wednesday, Thursday, Friday practice.


We didn't have an incompletion the entire week of practice. Wow. Like, that's basically unheard of. Yeah. And we released him Friday afternoon. And then, You know, there was just a lot of things that were happening in his life and that he needed to focus on. And the team decided, the Patriots said, no, You know, we're not dealing with this. And there were, league had some issues and then we ended up going to Tampa and then he came back after a suspension in Tampa. And I just thought, okay, if I can help him, like I'd love to help him 'cause he'd help our team, he'd help us life. And then, you know, I just, again, I always root for the best. You know, it's Cool. It's cool. There's, there's a saying, You know, check in on your friends and it, it's, it's, it's cool to see you doing it in practice.


You're a great leader. You're, you're a great leader. I, I think not a lot of people have the capacity to work well with others like you do. The idea of being on a team sport and having to rely on everyone else to do their jobs. It takes a lot of trust in people. But as he says, leadership comes from the top down. Yeah. You know, and I think, I think these guys were definitely lucky to have you at the helm kind of guiding that ship. I, I wanted to ask you. I, can I say one thing about leadership? Sure. I always define leadership as, do you care about your teammates or your coworkers? And do you care what we're trying to accomplish? Mm. That to me is great leadership.


Mm. And like, there's a lot of people that go about those different ways. Some people are more vocal, some people are more action oriented. But I think whether it's verbal or whether it's action, you'll still, it will still reflect upon those two goals. Like, but if it's about me, my glorification or my money or my agenda, there's not a caring element to the people that you're working with. And it's also not an element about how are we doing this as a team. 'cause football's a team sport. I didn't choose an individual sport, so I needed everybody to be good. I needed every player, every coach. So I needed to be the example. But I asked to had to let them know that, guys, this is about us. This isn't about, this is us. And you do that a lot of different ways.


And then, okay, what are we trying to accomplish? We're trying to be our best every day. How are we gonna do that? And then you put the plan in action. But in this world today, there's so many people that are me focused, you know, and I think that's a big difference from when I look back, maybe previously to, You know, this era of social media where we all have our own production businesses and we're all trying to self-promote. And there's, there's a place for that for Sure. But in team sports, that should not be the main priority. Like if you're off season and you've gotta promote products and sell products, and you wanna bring awareness to certain things, it could be a foundation, it could be a business. Cool with that.


Yeah. But if you're trying to take away from what the team's trying to accomplish, as we go on a mission to beat the other teams that we're competing against, well then, then we're gonna have a problem because we're not gonna be all committed to the same goal. You're gonna have one goal, you're gonna have a goal. I'm gonna have a goal. All 53 guys in the, we're all gonna have like, what? Yeah. Yeah. How do we accomplish the one goal? I bet your teammates were just so disappointed if they ever let you down. I just, I was that the case? I can't imagine like, like did, yeah. Did you, did you ever, like, if someone didn't do their job and, and like, maybe repeatedly, how do you deal with someone who's constantly not performing at the level that, You know, they can, I think there were, in, in football, there were a lot of layers they had to get through before it got to me.


Okay. Okay. Like, You know, there's still a general manager that they had to satisfy the head coach and, and a position coach. And I think for me it was, I didn't really, we all fucked up. I I, I threw a lot of interceptions. I threw a lot of bad passes, made a lot of bad reads. That happens. Physical mistakes happen. Mental mistakes happen to a degree. You know, you, you, you go into, you go into the huddle and I'm there 70,000 fans and I rattle off a play call. And in the, in the call, I have two different calls and You know, I have one play with an alert to a next play. If I like a different, I get to the line of scrimmage and then I change the play and then I signal a route to someone. There's a lot of things going on.


Yeah. So like, I can live with some mental mistakes, you know, and because I made a, I made mistakes too. Yeah. I'd get pissed if we weren't competitive. I'd get pissed if we weren't focused. I'd get pissed if we showed up late. Like, I think more of the intangible things would bother me. Yeah. Rather than a guy dropping a ball. Yeah. If a guy dropped a ball, Hey, come on, we'll get the next one. You know, if a guy Didn't give his heart and soul to the team Yeah. I had a problem with that. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And what would no one can be lacking around you. Yeah. Because that's just for a high performing organization like I was in, We can, we couldn't beat other teams if we were operating at 70%.


Yeah. Okay. Bill, bill would always say, don't just expect to roll your helmet out on the field and think that they're gonna quit. Yeah. Like, you better go earn it. And when you get to be one of the top teams, every team that you play, they, they're measuring, you're the measuring stick for where they're at. So even if they lose and they keep it competitive, they're like, we were Close. Yeah. But we lost. Yeah. Yeah. You know, but for us, because we had this high bar, like we had to do it. And that to me was the element of sport where like, even the competition motivated us to be better. When I played Peyton Manning, I couldn't have an off day. Yeah. That dude was gonna throw for 350 yards.


Yeah. How could I have an average day and expect to win? So even the competition motivated us. Let me ask you something. This competitiveness that you're describing, man, sometimes I'll be playing like backgammon or pickleball with my fiance. And she's so competitive that it actually is not fun. You know, like she's, she's too competitive. And then we get in fights and the day is ruined. Are you so competitive that it makes normal, trivial sports not so fun? Yeah, that's a great question. And how old are you? 30. You're 30? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think that's when I was probably 30. I was More like that too, where everything had to be competitive. Mm. But now that I'm a little bit older, I'm a little more selectively competitive, You know?


'cause I do think you do need to have like a little bit of decompression. Little Bit. I Why do you do? I had to tell her like, yo, they're playing backgammon. Like I know, like, it's not a big deal, dude. Like Yeah. If, if I like beat her and it's a be Yeah. Like, I don't, So listen, don't play with her any, you know, like, We have a thing now We can, We let her win. And just, I Had to do that for a minute. Yeah. Sh we shake hands. It's a friendly game. Yeah. Like it's, it's what actually Yes. It's an obligation. Yeah. We have to, let me do an intro here real quick. I never got to do it. Go ahead ladies and gentlemen. It's the goat of goats. Tom Brady. What do you think about the timing on that, on that intro? I, I normally do it at the beginning. Dude, you're good. We got a good audience. Ask, ask about the goat of goats. I mean, like, you, You are in a weird place because I think the perception is that you're the only definit, the only definitive goat of a sport.


Okay. Like, there's no conversation there. Now we've had, we've had Mahomes on the show before. Yeah. He's amazing. We'll see what happens over the next several years. But when you look at basketball, you've got LeBron, you've got mj, you've got Kobe. When you look at, You know, tennis, you've got these players. When you look at golf, you've got these players. Why Is it that you are such a standout in, in football and there's no pe people are willing to put that title on you so confidently. So you're asking a question about why other people would do something for me? I, I, I think This question. Thank you. Messier Ronaldo Messier Ronaldo. God, that's hard.


That's hard. I'm not even answering that question. LeBron. I like them too much. LeBron. I like 'em both too much. Go F1 driver Lewis. Yeah. It's W Lewis. Yeah. It's gotta be greatest ever WWE wrestler Hulk Hogan. Biggest partier from the NFL. Roberto Guran. Kowski Yo Fiesta Greatest golfer, Tiger. Yeah. Yeah. It's just interesting 'cause you are, we, that's a ridiculous debate. And I see it on sports all the time and it's like everyone's just blah blah blah like one year.


You know, like there were greatness defined over what, you know, over a career. Like I was on a, I was on a pod, I was on a thing with Peyton Manning this week and we were talking about the Mount Rushmore of NFL receivers, including tight ends. Yep. And like we, there was a, a lot of great arguments going back and forth about, You know, Jerry Rice has great stats but, and he was obviously in it and like, I picked Gronk as one of mine. But like Tony Gonzalez has way more catches than him. It's just, are we talking about over a period of time or one year or one game? Yeah. Like what's the metric? What's the metric? Yeah. And I think everyone defines that a little bit differently.


I think our Producer Dylan has something for you. Yeah. I'd be worth adding. How would you define the difference between greatest and best? Yeah. How would you define the very good greatest and best? That's an interesting, but Oh, you nailed that Dylan. Yeah. I just think it's like how often can you be great? How often can you be Great Consistency because consistency of greatness, everyone can do great things. Yep. But if you do, if you're a golfer and you make a birdie and then a bogey and then a birdie, then a bogey, then a birdie, bogey, at the end of day you shoot par and you're average. Hmm. If you make two birdies for every bogey, You know, it's a great round if you make three birdies for every bogey. So we all make bogies. This question is how many birdies can you make?


And in football, like I would say I threw 700 passes a year. In my mind I threw about 10 to 20 of those perfectly out of 700. So 680 times was imperfect. Now you may not know where I was trying to throw the ball. You may think, man, he threw a perfect pass. In my mind, I had a vision for that pass that was different than what happened. So my view of being great is how often can the artist replicate perfection on a daily basis. You know? And I think greatness comes from different things. It's not just physical.


There's a mental emotional aspect as well to being great. You can't be a peak performer if you're not competitive every day. There were some of the best physical athletes I ever had that were not competitive every day. There were some of the lesser physical athletes that were competitive every day. And those lesser physical athletes who were competitive every day were champions. They won multiple Super Bowls. You know, it was a great example of that. Julian Edelman wasn't the biggest, wasn't the fastest tough competitive, grimy three super bowls. Hmm. So he was a champion. But people would say, well Calvin Johnson was more physically gifted.


There's a lot of 'em out there, but Julian's a champion. So I don't know. Everyone gets to define it how they want to. Yeah. I write this newsletter 1 99 and I actually wrote about it this week. I wanna talk about 1 99. Yeah. Dude. Crazy. Crazy. Yeah. Pick 199th. Yeah. In the draft and then you end up becoming, I I I'll go ahead and say like, pretty objectively in football, the greatest of all time. And that's not the only, I Don Dunno setback. Or maybe, maybe I Don Dunno, was it, was that that a a, was that a setback for you? Like was being picked a hun pick 190 ninth. Yeah. Kinda like demotivating in any way. It was, it was one of the, one of the most important things that happened in my career too.


And it's, I think in some ways it defines a great story. But it's also, I just, I, I had a, I had a different challenges that I had to overcome over a long period of time. And it started, that was one of them. And it, look, there's nothing wrong with being picked one in 1 99. You probably won't get as many chances than the guy who gets picked number one or number 19 or number 39 when you're 1 99. You don't have a ton of chances, but you will get a chance. And I think anyone involved in athletics, as long as you get a chance, You know you're the one that to blame if it doesn't work out for you.


And I think a lot of self-defeating attitudes and behaviors that people have is when the first thing that comes outta mouth of their, out of their mouth if it doesn't work is, well I just didn't get the opportunity. Like I never got a chance. And I'm always like, man, you are out there at practice. Every, they, they film every practice. Yeah. If you're making plays, everyone wants good players on the field. Like look at yourself in the mirror and say like, what do I gotta do to get better? What do I have to do to earn the trust of my teammates and coaches go ask 'em. Go figure it out. Work harder. Work You know, work on the physical, work on the mental work on the emotional. So have the humility to look in the mirror and self-evaluate.


And I don't think a lot of people do that. I think most people want to do the things they're good at. Like if I'm fast, I wanna work on my speed. If I'm strong, I wanna work on my strength. If I throw the ball far, I wanna work on that. My view is if I have a great arm, I throw it far, I wanna hit all the short ones too. 'cause I know I could throw a deep if I'm really fast, like I gotta work on the other parts of my game that don't involve speed so I can round out my game. So you're saying work on your weaknesses just as much as your Strengths? Absolutely. Like, like the season ends and I remember like in, and I think there are intangibles you're born with like certain guys are born six foot 11. Yeah. Right. They're not their choice. Yeah. It just, that's what happened. Yeah. There are, I think for me, I was born competitive, like that just happened and I, there was an environment around me that cultivated that competitiveness like my family.


But there was something in me that little DNA, You know, that, that won the race that was competitive. Did you see, did see that new, did you see that new sport of Sperm Racing by any chance? I, That that somehow came up. I don't know What bro, What I could explain it really? Male fertility. Male male fertility. It's like, it's a promotion on being, being healthy, reproducing. But You know what I'm talking about, right? Yeah, of course. This new sport. Yeah. It was created by a 17-year-old. So they asked me to announce it. Oh no, say compete. I was like, No way. No, no, no. My thing would go backwards. My, actually, I don't even think it, It swims in circles, swims. We did a, we did a competition once.


We're working hard, but we're not going anywhere. No It's not. Why are they going that way, Tom? They're not even working. Go. We know we tested re we tested, we, we did a vlog to see who's the most fertile. I was really? I Got a seven month old. Yeah. But to prove it, Can I I say this, his work, You've never seen sperms behave like this in your life. These things. Can I say this? I broke some of the rules. I broke some of the rules for the times. I Don't even wanna know what the rules are. No, do not use spermicidal lube. So you and I know this is getting, and you can't Ejaculate for five days. No, but there was another big one. You're not supposed to utilize another person To, well I don't say utilize. That's crazy. You're not supposed to collaborate with another human.


You're not supposed to collaborate with another human to produce the sample. Okay. And I collaborated with another human to produce the sample and Not just any human. This chick could produce samples out of. I mean, I mean this, anyway. Anyway, listen. Yeah. What We were saying was, yeah, so anyways, We need to disclaimer to come up because I have three kids that are probably gonna wanna watch this. So before that last segment, let's Yeah, It's my daughter too. But she won't have any, She's not old enough yet. She won't. This will be, You know, live on forever. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Facts. We have to address something. Okay. The, the not your sperm again. No, forget that. No sperm, no heroin. Just leave it, leave it, leave it alone. We're talking about going late in the draft.


Elephant in the room. Should our sanders, what happened? Tom, why, why, why did he go so late in the draft? And there's, I I, it's a good question. I was, I wasn't a part of any evaluation process or to that Skip a Says Otherwise. No, I know. Well everyone's got every, you know, that's the problem with media is everyone could just say whatever the fuck they want. Crazy. Get away with it. Crazy. It's kind of unfortunate 'cause there actually used to be a lot of integrity in media. Yeah. And there's way less now because everyone needs crazy voices to get heard. And it actually probably hurts a lot of relationships. Which is not the goal of, You know, broadcasting. It should be to develop and cultivate and solve problems.


And rather than to critiques. I want people to offer solutions all the time. So nobody knows. And, and I, I actually texted Shado 'cause I've known him very well and I said, dude, like whatever happens wherever you go, like that's your first day. Day two matters more than the draft. I was 1 99. Yeah. So who could speak on it better than me? Like what that really means, use it as motivation. You're gonna get your chances. Go take advantage of it. So everyone makes, like, I remember like when they were talking about Aaron Rogers sliding and Aaron slid to like 21 in the first round or whatever it was. I'm like, dude, you're the 21st pick in the first round. I think they still think you're pretty good.


You know, like you're, you're still a great player. You're a first round pick in the NFL. There's only 32 of those guys every year. So use it as motivation. Like wherever you end up going, you still have the, it's about your performance. Like what do you do when you get there because you're gonna get there. And I was around some of the best players were undrafted free agents. You know, they were Rodney Harrison. Like Rodney Harrison wasn't a high pick like he was, Julian Edelman wasn't a high pick. Wes Welker wasn't a high pick. Danny Emond, all those guys were phenomenal players. So what's it mattered like other than some over hype day where a lot of people are selling stories and saying, all right, this is the big day and this is the draft and it's an important day and it's fun.


And I love, You know, watching it and seeing it, but like I've also been there on day two and they gotta show up and actually learn a playbook, learn, be a part of a locker room. And there's a lot of growth that needs to happen. A Alongside what Skip said and, and the media said, obviously it's just been such a hot story. How do you, and you, you've come up in it numerous times. How do you decide which of the things that are said you actually wanna respond to? 'cause you did have a response for Skip, right? I don't think I did. No. I I think for the most part I never respond. 'cause it just goes out the next day anyway. And there's so much. I think maybe one of the benefits of all the social media Is it just goes out the next day Too. Yeah. The news cycle is getting so quick nowadays.


Yeah. Man, I I I think it's about 36 hours until like, what was the biggest news yesterday is gone forever. People just don't give a fuck about it. Yeah. It's crazy the churn that's happening right now. You almost have to take the, like, the mindset, will I respond to everything or will I respond to nothing? That's like A, it's almost like a commentary viewpoint. You almost at that point you just become a part of the commentary community. I I wanna ask one more question about Shado. How do you see him fitting into the offense in Cleveland? And what does he have to do to prove himself in that organization? Yeah, he's gotta show up every day. And what I say about leadership, you got to, as a quarterback, you have to be a leader. And to meet the leader is do I care about my teammates and do I care about what we're trying to accomplish?


Like rules one and two. And I would say that to every quarterback that I ever come across. And if they're listening, do that Because that's what's enduring to your teammates. Yep. And you're not just appealing to your 22-year-old rookie. You're appealing to the 3-year-old veteran who's trying to get the last couple years outta his career. You're appealing to the coach who doesn't wanna get fired. You're appealing to the owner who's made an investment in you. Mm. You're appealing to the, the staff who are all writing their lives, are writing on the fact that you need to perform well. So like the only thing that mattered to me over over time where my teammates, like, did they feel like I gave them the best chance to win when I Got in the huddle and we were down and I said, come on, let's go.


You know, let's, it is time. They, they rose to the occasion. Let me Ask a question based on that thought. Alright. 2017, I went to my first Super Bowl. Patriots. Falcons. Oh man, Dog. Yeah. It's halftime. It's 28 to three. I Tom, I I stopped paying attention. Yeah. I was like, this is what, bro, this is so boring. These patch are just getting slapped. Yeah. All of a sudden, third quarter he has to score some points. Fourth quarter you come back and you win the game. Yeah. You win the game. And what was like, what The world, the greatest comeback, one of the greatest comebacks ever and definitely in Super Bowl history. Yeah.


It was insane. Yeah. What do you say to your teammates when you're in the locker room at halftime down 25? Yeah, we were, we were Bill when we left the locker room going to the second half. And there was some positive things we did in the first half and we, we were on the field a lot offensively, so we knew their defensive attire. We just didn't execute well to, to score the points. And, and those guys were playing really good. But he said, guys, it was 21 3 a half and he said 21 points isn't gonna be enough to beat us. And, and then they scored a touchdown in the third quarter. It was 28 3. And I was like, 28 might be enough, You know? And I thought like, man, don't go, go, go fight your ass off.


Like, you may lose this game, but you ain't going down like a little bitch. Like, go, go. You know, go to the end. Like, and I would just say to him, come on one score, we just need one. And we drove the ball down and we scored. It was 28 9. And there was a little momentum and our defense found a little spark and they made a stop and they punted the ball back to us. We went down the field again, kicked the field goal 28 12. And I was like, two score game. Come on D we just gotta make a play. And Dante Hightower strips Matt Ryan, we score again get to two point 28 20. Now it's a one score game.


So Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It, it, It happens. And I think the point of that too is like you just talk about the Shado Sanders, You know, fifth round. Like what do you do when you're down 28, 3? You take advantage of whatever opportunity you get. And if we got one drive, we were gonna try to take advantage of it. And I felt like my whole career was that way. Like I always felt like I was behind trying to catch up to other people. And so maybe it wasn't anything to me new to me. Mm. Because I was like, I'm always trying to fight from behind. Mm. I was 1 99, I was the seventh quarterback when I started at Michigan. I was the backup quarterback in high school on my freshman team that didn't win a game.


Like I was a late bloomer. So I just bloomed a little late in that Super Bowl too, by the way, for the first 40 minutes of the game, I didn't play great, You know? But because we fought and because we overcame the adversity, it ended up being what could have been the worst game of my career. Yeah. And the worst, one of the worst blowouts in the history of the NL ended up being one of the best games of my career. So history. Yeah. Man, when you're down, like that's a great opportunity to, to come back, You know? And I had a sports psychologist that I referred to earlier. His name was Greg Harden. Greg passed away this last year and he had a big impact on me personally in college and kind of reframed my mindset about competing.


And he just said like, you're down already. Like you're, it's two minutes left in the game, you're already gonna lose. Go do something about it. Yeah. And then the next day everyone's gonna be talking about the comeback. And it's like, wow. So then I started looking at all those times where we're losing end in the game as an opportunity. Mm. It was like, man, I couldn't come back if I wasn't behind. So go get it done, work hard to get it done. And then it's like, oh, we don't have to be ahead with 10 points with two minutes left to win the game. We could still be behind and come back and win. And that's like, that's the attitude And it's the storyline like a, a ball that's story line's cool.


But nothing is cooler than seeing somebody come back from Something. Exactly. How many game winning shots did MJ make or Kobe or You know, like Steph Curry. When you watch those, you're like, that's what you wanna see, man. That's sports. It's, that gets you up outta your chair. Was that, would you say that that game was one of the defining mo was that the defining moment of your career From a game standpoint? Yeah. That was, how Did, how good did that feel? Yeah, that was, that was, that was pretty crazy. Like even still thinking about it, it's, it's just 28 3 and basically everything had to go right. And we, we found a way to make it happen and everything did go right. And I just remember after the game, I was exhausted. I took a pretty big shot on the, on our last drive, I Got hit in the head pretty good.


And I was on autopilot from the last drive in over, in regular, in, in the, in the fourth quarter. And in overtime, like there were two drives were really foggy. And I remember after that game, I was just exhausted and probably didn't understand what ex exactly happened. 'cause look, you're in the moment, you're, you're not seeing it from the fan's perspective. You're seeing it from your perspective and then it takes you a little while to decompress in the game. And then when you watch it, you're like, holy shit. Yeah. How did I do that? How did we make that play? How do you make that stop? This happened, It All kind of comes back to life for you, is that Feeling after a game where you just put it all out there and you're exhausted and like, probably a little beat up, but healthy and ready to go for the next one.


Is that, is that a good feeling for you? The best. The best. That's what you miss most about sports is You know, the man in the arena. Mm. You know who's, who's beaten, who's face is marred by by blood and sweat and you get to go fight. Yep. And like, it's nice being in the arena and it's like when you're in that you have appreciation for the other people in that arena with you and what they give up and what they sacrifice for. 'cause not a lot of jobs t take on the physical body. Yeah. Which is what the sports do. Sports. Sports that you have to master the physical part too. Like a lot of investment jobs or It's, it's mental. And it's emotional. Yep. Physical when you put it all together. Tough. Yeah. I mean, I would walk out, 'cause I do broadcasting for Fox now.


Yep. And I love it, but there's not a physical challenge to it. And that's the difference. Like, I walk outta the game and I'm like, damn, I feel good. Like that was, you're a little, You know, worn out. Just 'cause a little emotional. And, but the reality is like when I'd walk off the field after a, after a game and it was three hours and 20 minutes long and you were in 90 degree heat, like that's a physical toll that you have to overcome too. You know, you don't want give into your body so you just keep fighting on Do you, Go ahead. Sorry. I was gonna say earlier talking About you didn't read each other's cues right there. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't hear, I didn't hear his little micro breath. No, I didn't, I I didn't catch it. I was gonna say same time earlier. Talked about the, the mental part of the game as well and a quarterback's ability to intake information, which I think is obviously a huge part of that position.


And it's really cool to see that part of your mind work now as an analyst. Yeah. Color commentating for the NFL as well. Wow. Healthy deal. Tom, congratulations on Thank you. 375,000,010 Year sounds like one of the, the Paul Brothers deals. Yeah. One of them. Congrats Jake. Congrats Jake on the private jet. I hope he shares it all with you, you guys to find ways to He, well, sort of, he got an investment property in Georgia, so many acres, 5,600 acres and Wow. I was like, man, can I build a house? He's like, sure bro. Like you're, I'm gonna, you're I'll sell it to you at the land. Oh, I love him. Yeah. So Sure. A businessman. A Hundred Percent. He's like, it's an investment property. I said fair, fair play. Fair play. Yeah.


But yeah, it's cool to see that part of your, your mind work. I I just wanted to ask you a little bit about what that's been like. 'cause for me, when I watch sports, any sport, man, man, the commentary is, it's, it's the narrative. It's the, the narration of what I'm watching is so important. Is that a different type of pressure? Is that something you like doing? Because I know it can be exhausting as well. I mean, you you, you're talking for a long time, especially as someone who, like we talked about earlier, like your social battery. It sounds like it has a, a cap. Yeah, it does. It's, it's, it's a different challenge for Sure. And it's not, it's not a, it's a challenge. It's not, it's not easy at all. You know, and I don't, I don't wanna make it seem like, You know, sometimes when you say it's not easy, like you don't have people feel, I don't want people feeling sorry.


It's, it's a, it's a job you gotta commit. You gotta do it. And I think this first year was good to get under my belt. 'cause you really don't know what you don't know until you do it. And then, and then you have so much more respect for the guys that have done it and are doing a great job of it. 'cause you're like, holy ca like you gotta thread the needle so many times throughout the game. Like, you don't want to be too hard on people because they are trying hard, You know, and you don't wanna be too hard on what you think you see because you don't know what the coach told the guy. Maybe the coach said, absolutely don't throw it there. And now that guy's open. And now I'm going, why didn't they throw it there? But the coach had told the guy, listen, we're not looking over there. But You also wanna be entertaining.


You have fun and you gotta be enter and you gotta teach people and you gotta talk about the offense and the defense or the coach or the general manager or the owner or the ref or the, you gotta have an opinion on the call. So there's like an art to it. And I'm like, I'm working my way through the art part. You know, it's, it's, that's why it's a great challenge. 'cause you, I do, it's one of those jobs too where I do jump outta my bed, You know, in the morning during the football season. I'm like, all right babe, let's rock and roll. Let's I jump Out of bed for three 75 million too. Yeah. Gotta, You know, gotta get to work. There's a lot of things to do. You think as you continue to get comfortable with it, you'll ever see yourself becoming like the more debaucherous commentator like a Shaq or like a Barkley or something like those guys just say they have a Great time.


Say anything they want. Yeah, they do. They have a great chemistry. I think our job is a little more professional when you're doing games. Yeah. 'cause they're doing, they're, they're not doing in the moment games. They're just doing like the studio stuff. Yeah. Which is great. Yeah. And it's really fun. Like we have a Fox pre-game show with Strahan and Terry and Howie and Jimmy retired this year, but Gronk on there, Jay Glaze is on there. They have so much fun and everyone always says to 'em, you guys really have that much fun. And that's a moment for that. Like, I, my partner Kevin Burkhart is the best guy partner in The world. And like, that's my dog. Like we got, we got each other's back. So if he and I have that chemistry, then super important then it's so important.


Do you regret doing The Roast of Tom Brady? I regret that my kids had to like, You know, it was tough on my kids for Sure because they, I don't think they're at an age. I kind of went in there, look, you don't know what to expect. And I love laughing at myself. It felt like I was in the locker room and the harder people go at me, I'll actually love it. It's the psychopath anytime. Yeah. Up. It's just, it's just like, if people make fun of you, then I know that I'm good with them, You know? And like I said earlier, I don't take myself too serious. So, but I do understand, like for my kids, that was really hard. It was a big hit. Yeah. Yeah. It was a massive show. You Said something, it was a massive hit. Yeah. And you said that right after the show too, that you Felt Yeah, and I didn't realize, You know, like there's some things, a parent you fuck up and you don't realize until after like, oh, You know, and you just, you, you we're not perfect parents.


Like, and you'll see as you grow up, like there's no, there's no perfect manual for it. And like, you gotta evaluate yourself as a parent too all the time. So even though I really enjoyed the show and, and the, the performances were incredible. And like when you were in that moment, in that theater that night at the forum, like it was electric. Yeah. Yeah. Like it was crazy. Like, we got done, we were, everybody was on cloud nine. And I think that moment I'll never forget, You know, and then I'll never forget when I talked to my kids the next day. Oh man. And I was like, I felt like, You know, a stake through the heart, You know, understandably. You know, because they're, Were they, were they mad, sad, They're protective of their mom, of their dad, You know, of, of everybody.


You know, they're just, why do you, what, what was the point of that? Why did you, you do that? So it's just, you live and you learn As a parent. Now I'm a parent too, so I'm actually kind of asking for me a little bit. So it, so I'm finding out and I, and I like heard this, but it may, it's gotta be one of the hardest jobs in The world. Yeah. 'cause it's, it feels really hard to do perfectly. Yeah. Like fucking up seems kind of inevitable. And that's a heavy, heavy feeling because it now you're like affecting a, a person's life. Right. A person you really love. But is is that, is that inability to do parenthood perfectly being inevitable?


Do you think that there's any logic in trauma actually leading to or yielding success if kids can make it out and come on the other side? Yeah. Like Yeah. Comeback story. Well, not, not necessarily comeback story. I'll just say like, I, I, and I guess this is, this is anecdotal, but I I've seen it a lot, man. Like, a lot of really successful people have like fucked up childhoods. They, they go, they go through a lot of like dark and difficult times in their life. That's certainly like my story and my brother's story and, and and, and I don't know any, any kid going through stuff. Do you think if they can make it out on the other side and learn from it, it actually hardens them in a way that's positive?


Yeah. I think, I think we, Getting toughened up is a good thing. Getting roughed up in a lot of things. 'cause you have perspective too when you're, and you have empathy for other people that are going through tough situations too. So like I, I went through a lot of different adversities. They all challenged me and I, and when I did make it through, you're right, I, I gained a lot of self-confidence and self-esteem dealing with adversities and overcoming them. And I think the challenge is when people are gifted a lot and given a lot and they don't have to earn it, they don't have, they don't gain the self-esteem or self-confidence. But if you go through that, the adversity, like all the hardest things that happen in your life when you look back, they shaped you the most and they end up being the best things. The best things. So it's hard when you appeal to your kids that way.


Yeah. Because you don't want to see them hurt, hurt, hurt. Yeah. And that's the hard part. You don't mind yourself hurting. You don't wanna see your parents hurt. You don't wanna see your kids hurt. You don't wanna see your 'cause you can't do anything about it. Now for you you're like, alright, I can do something about it. And, and some people don't make it through those hard things either. So Yeah. We can't be insulating as a parent. You gotta let 'em experience The world. And I think you just, I dunno, what I've learned over the last few years with my parents with being a parent is just being there and being, 'cause you don't know when the conversations are gonna happen. You could script them and be like, Hey, we're going to Disneyland and we're gonna have this great day and this and that, and that's gonna be a big important day in your life. Or we're gonna take you to this and that and we're gonna take you to the show and we're gonna take you to the movies.


And you realize the car ride home from school. You had a moment that, wow, we had a conversation that we needed to have and it was like just the school pickup. So like, you gotta be for, for me as a parent, I speak about talk, talking to myself is you gotta be available and you gotta be present. Mm. And that's where the parenting happens. Not in the big moments. It's a lot of times it's in the small moments. It's Really never in the big, I like nothing happened in Disneyland or skiing in from, I, my, I remember I had a mental breakdown on the mound when I was pitching. Yeah. And I was like 13 years old, 12 years old, something like that.


And I started crying my eyes out. Yeah. And I like ran off the field 'cause it was a really important game. And my dad came up to me and gave me a pep talk and sent me back out. I always, it's like one of the things that stands out in my mind, it wasn't, it wasn't, You know, going to this dinner or to that vacation. It was one of those moments where he was just there. You Know. That's awesome. You picking your kids up from school. Yeah. Yeah. Are are the other parents like, oh holy shit, that's Tom Brady? No, they're Pretty good. The school gets used to me going there and Like, you go to parent teacher conferences. Yeah, Of course. Yeah. That's crazy. You're A-A-P-T-A dad? No, no, no. I don't run the PTA. No. But like I, I try to be just, You know, dad, I always introduce myself to the kid's friends is vi v's.


Dad and Benny's dad. Ah, hey, how you doing Benny's dad? You know, because it kind of just breaks it down, You know, because a lot of like, and I Got this with my teammates. Like there were a lot of walls that got built up, You know, as I Got older and I played 23 pro seasons. When you're in your 20th year, everyone's, and you got a 22-year-old, he's seen you the whole life. So you gotta like break some walls down. Hey, I'm to like, good to meet. Where are you from? You know, what do you like to do? Like what music do you like? Listen to have lunch together. So like, that happens over time at school too. You know, you just, you gotta break down the walls so people can actually feel comfortable. 'cause that's all I want too. I wanna be comfortable too. Like, so I need people around me to be comfortable. Do you feel comfortable right now? Very like in a way, like, I don't know.


This pretty fun. Thank you. Yeah. What, what, what things do you like, what type of music do you like to listen to? I basically every, I've been in a locker room for a long time, so I hear it all. And, and the, everyone else controlled the music, so I heard it all, You know, You know. Do you have like a favorite artist? Artist? I, Jay-Z was always probably one of my favorites on the goat. I always like U2. I like Jack Johnson. I love Morgan won. I like Post Malone. I like Drake. I don, I like it all. Has it. Has it been like all of us. Has it been fun after football to be able to kind of like, kick your feet up and probably chill with most of the guys you just named if you wanted? Yeah. That's fun.


I think the best part for me is I don't feel like that fight or flight is happening every day anymore. Like the stress, I'd say the stress levels are a lot lower Now. I can imagine. Lot of golf. I'm not stressed about golf. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not really stressed period. I'm this, I'm like, but in football, like, think about like, you're an athlete so if you're not training and you, and you're like, I Got other shit do and I can't train. There's an anxiousness even in the off season Yep. About training. So it's like, I don't feel that stress of like, oh shit I should be doing, getting ready for football. We, that's the best Part. We've had Steve Weatherford on this podcast and a lot of athletes. Yeah. And they, they all described this, this feeling that what now athletes have.


Yeah. After they, they achieve the, the big goal, which would, which he described as the what now moment. Right. He, he won his first Super Bowl. He said he went back to the hotel and he kind of looked around and like, he's like, okay. Like I've wanted to do that my whole life. What now Win six more is what Tom's answer. Yeah. So, so for you, not not from a game perspective, 'cause you just, you, you really did it in your career. That's worked by the way. But after, when you, when you hung up the helmet, did you have that moment? What now what Now? Like yeah. You know that it's been your identity for two decades. Sure. You did it to the absolute highest extreme. What do you do now? Yeah. You, you hope that it's not a crash landing.


And I think that's the hard part is 'cause it's not just, it's, it's not like it's your identity or whatever. It's just you loved it. Like what else? You don't get to do what you love to do anymore. Hmm. It's like, and there's not many people that have athletes face that. Other people probably face that too. But I would say like if you win in investments, you could probably do that your whole life. You know, if you went into media, you could probably do it your whole life. In sports, it comes to an end. So like I just, the physical side. Yeah. I tried to prepare for it and I did some like great things I think in order to transition a little bit smoother. But there's no, there's, there's No way there's to the outcome without going through it. And it's what you just have to face.


Like, okay. Like I remember when I announced my retirement on my social media a couple years to however many years ago Kevin was there, second one, Kevin was there with me. No way. Kyle from here, a mile from here. And I, I made a video in the morning and I just literally grabbed my phone and, and it was like there was an emotion to it. Yep. Because like I was telling myself, I'm not doing it again. Crazy. You know, so it's just, it's emotional because it means, it meant a lot and it meant a lot that like, you don't get, you know, painters don't give up painting, You know, football player, but we gotta give up football, You know. And Now I actually get to be a part of football. I'm an owner of a football team. Yep. You know, I'm still around the, the guys all the time.


So I can impact that. I'm in broadcasting with football. I love that. So it's not far away. Yeah. No. So I still get to do a lot of fun stuff. Do you ever Miss it and just really wish you were back out there? What I love is when I, and I'll always love this is the feeling of throwing a perfect pass. And I think it's like the only correlation I can make. Do you guys golf at all? Yeah, I do. So like you ever hit like a perfect seven iron Perfect trajectory. It lands right on the green, makes the divot, you gotta fit. It just makes your whole day. Yes. It makes your whole day. Yeah. So that's throwing a football for me like that. Perfect. Oh, I want to do that again.


Oh, I want to do that again. It's Like when you, when you bet on just 17 on roulette and it hits like you put on in just 17. It's the only number you've had on it drops in. There you go. It's almost like a zen. How much are you putting on that? Just 17. Are we Thousand? Don't he'll dump a thousand a number. I've hit, I've hit like five times on a number. That feels Good. It's Pretty good. 30 5K. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Solid. That's A good win. Solid. It feels good. Is That a, is that a daily for you? What is that? What's that? A skeleton. It is. What's you like that I do actually, You know, it's special for you guys. I had to bring something out of the Damn, You, you are a big collector yet you got a lot of memorabilia. Yeah. Wasn't there a Tom Brady auction that just happened? Yeah. I, I almost bid on it. I don't know why I didn't.


Yeah, there's a lot of a Lot of stuff. There was a lot of great stuff. Yeah. I'm keeping all my like, I guess I kept like my top 50 stuff. Yeah. And then other stuff just piling up in a closet and I'm like, so you were like, let's just, I was like, You know, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna sit on it for my whole life and then my kids are gonna get rid of it. Or like, do you have Any more of the skeletons piling up in the closet by? I'm curious. I'm really trying to find a, a black skeleton dude, I have one. I, but it's not for sale. I know, Dude. I want one so bad. But I just hate the MSRP on it is like 90 or something. I know. I cannot find one for like, less than like 206 or two 70. I know. Please can I Buy a Few? The watch world has exploded with social media and then it's great to get great pieces.


What's your favorite watch? Oh man, you've got Some crazy, I Got some great ones. Crazy watches. Yeah. I, I, I Got one recently. I'm not even gonna tell you what it is. Oh God. You'll just see it and you'll be like, damn, that's the one he was talking about. Really? Like that. Yeah. It's Will you wear It? Will you wear it to Michael's party in July? I'm gonna wear it. Let me see when I'm gonna wear it. What's coming up that Week? Met, met Gala. This Will be the first Time Met Gala this week. First time I'm not gonna met Gala. I wouldn't wear it. There needs to be security around, let me say that. The White party. There's Michael's not I having it this year. That would be a great place to wear it. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Who has better watches? You or Jay? I think Jay's gotta be PE dude. Jay's got some, He's got that one that is, that Tiffany's watch is crazy.


Yeah, he is got that He's got a lot of the, the, the rm, the sapphires. He is got a lot of old vintage paddocks. And is he the, Is he the goat rapper Now? I don't think I'm like the expert in this. He's my favorite. So he, but, but like, You know, there's a lot of probably people who are probably have a lot better insight than that. Who'd you have on Dr. Who'd you have on Drake and Kendrick May. Peace on Earth, man. Let 'em all get along. You ever get A watch stolen? No. Had had a $300,000 protect stolen. Well, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like yeah. Got my shit Now. I didn't have a watch stolen, but I had a, a card stolen.


I was at the Super Bowl this year and I have this card. Yeah. So I'm a Oh, so I have a involved in a a, a business of hobby shops and they're called Card Vault by Tom Brady. Just Launched in London. Correct. That was a fanatic store that Michael launched. Oh, oh, oh, okay. It was great. And Michael's been hugely helpful to our team. I can imagine. And we have It's An American dream. Yeah. It's an American dream all. Oh my God. Oh yes, I did see this. Yeah. And we have four, we have four stores of, we wanna get to a hundred, but we were signing a very, at the Super Bowl this last year, we had like a little party for kind of the executive team and a few people involved in business. And I, they said, all right, this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna sign one of your expo cards that fanatics had made for me.


I Got drafted to play baseball. And they're like, all right, this is really cool. We're gonna do like a one-on-one. It's a perfectly graded card and what you're gonna write is, 'cause I made a joke on one thing and I said, okay, if if, if baseball doesn't work out, there's always football. So then I signed for this card vault. If football doesn't work out, there's always card vault. So I literally signed it. We turned around, we started talking. I left the store. I'm driving back to my hotel 'cause I'm working the Super Bowl when broadcasting and the, my, my business partner calls and is like, did you take the card with you? And I was like, no. Like it was on the table. Someone stole the card. Oh God. Oh my God was rolling as He signed it. Yeah. Oh.


So Keith's going back to the tape And, and we see, we go Back to the table. No, no evidence card's gone. Oh My God. We've got people that go outside and they hear these kids talking about the card and then we actually ended up getting it back. Oh, someone took it right off the table. Oh Dude, it's, it's tough. 'cause such high value items that are just so small and can just be like nabbed so easily. Yeah, dude. Fanatics is, by the way, I love Michael Rubin and Fanatics. They do such sick stuff for ww. I had, I had someone come up to me and put a little patch on my shoe this last match at WrestleMania Patch on my, I was like, what the fuck you like, what do you get off my gear? Yeah. And they're like, no, they're gonna put it in a card. And so like, amazing. Yeah. Such like, just a innovative idea.


Like a a a match warm patch on the shoe. Oh, amazing. And they can do that for any sport. Yeah. They Do it for baseball. They're doing it for football. The rookie patches. It's such a good idea, man. Yeah, dude. Talk About innovation. Yeah. They're, they're, they're on it and super disruptive. I could see why you and Ruben are boys. Yeah. Were you all, did you always have hobbies like, like you have now or collect, like want wanted to collect or were were you just a workhorse at one point? I always started with cards. Like when I was a kid, that's what I did. You know, I had all the baseball cards, football cards, and like, I had a street of, there was like 70, 80 kids and we all collected and we just trade 'em to each other. And that was like the first thing I ever collected, You know, was cards. And I think that's probably the, the inflection point for most people was cards.


Dude, I'm obsessed. Did you collect Pokemon cards? Yeah. Pokemon. Didn't you have the million dollar card? I Got, I Got $8 million card. I Got a $5.2 million card. Get outta Here. It's the Rare Where do You keep that? Where? Yeah. I don't even wanna say. Okay. I won't. It's inside an active volcano. Oh Good. It's safe. Yeah. No, that's, that's for now. It's, yeah. That's, That's amazing. Yeah. It's a thing. It's a, It's a total thing. Do you wanna go to some parties right Now? Yeah. We don't wanna keep you forever. No, no, no. I mean with us. Like do you wanna come to parties tonight? Tonight? Yeah. You're going to a Party tonight? We're gonna go to the Kane's part. To the Raising Kane's party. He is. I I don No, he's coming. No, you're coming. Your Dad. He's got early morning, You know. No, No, no. You know he said he is gonna come fifties performing tonight. That sounds fun. It's gonna be a good one at 2:00 AM Todd Graves. No it's not at 12. It's at 12.


We can go to Palm Tree right down the street. Chainsmokers. Oh that's good. Come on, let's go do something. Let Figure It out. Forget it. It's fine. I Got, I get it Tom. I get it. You got other stuff to do, You know. Yeah dude, thanks for joining US ON on Saturday evening though. It's so gracious of you. Glad it worked out. This is cool. Yeah, For real. Thank you. Any other stuff? Any questions for, for us before you go the mic before? No, I think, ask me a random question, Tom. Fire something off You guys are making. I think the only thing I'd say is you guys are making a positive impact and a lot of things you do like keep it up. Well it depends Who Yeah, totally. It should be inspiring and inspiring. Like I think we need more people out there that are trying to help people be their best self, You Know? Thanks Man. As opposed to being a, you Know, I think, I think you're right. I think there's a lot of negative chatter online and I think it's what humans are unfortunately like instinctually drawn to.


I don't think it's like super abnormal for anyone in any species to see something bad and be like, gravitate towards it in a little bit. But a lot of people lock onto that. So Mike and I with the show at least are, are trying to bring some sort of semblance of value to somebody. Like there will be people that watch podcast and it, it affects the way they live the rest of their life because something you said and arguably the best one we've ever had. That's a well bro, TB 12. Yeah. Come on, on behalf of me and the impulsive audience, dude, Thank you for joining us. This has been You guys. Tom Brady, you really showed up. I can't, I still can't believe it. I can't believe, Can't believe we finished it. Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next week. Take it easy. Peace. Peace. See you guys.


You guys mind plugging my YouTube channel a little bit? Yo guys, if you're watching the Tom Brady Channel, hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button. We're gonna come after you Mr. Beast. Go quarterback. Go YouTuber. From this point, ah, God damn, I Got a lot to learn.