
He's the interim UFC heavyweight champion Tom Aspenal. Yeah. Yeah. Is John Jones scared to fight? You Didn't wanna fight in Ghana for three years now he's not wanting to fight me for over a year. Conning the public man. Is that fight happening? I think you getting a reality check on a regular basis if you do some kind of combat sport. I mean you do combat sport, You know? Yeah, yeah. Like I'm just fighting for my life. Yeah. Yeah. You can tell, you can tell You'd be sick at wwe E That's maybe something I would look at doing when I've retired from a I would love to do that. Hell yeah. I will openly speak about how scared I'm when fight, whether it's John Jones or somebody else, I'm gonna look him in the eye and I'm gonna be like, I'm fucking scared, but I'm coming here. You I'm won of Buzz. He's probably gonna be separate from our consciousness. Damn. Potential. Logan Paul, UFC Arc.


Dude, I'm not seeing punk. Yeah, he wasn't very good. My skill is wrestling. It All depends on the opponent, don't It? I have some names of mine, But like, oh, go on. Tell us a few. I mean, What did I tell you when I texted you before? I'm having a mental breakdown and I need you to, to be better than me today. No, you're off to a horrible Start. I just got here in London v Me too. Me too. And I know you slept on the plane Four hours. Oh, that's not that good. No, no. I Got not good. But you know what, You know what I did do going On With this? I would say, but there's a woman in the room. I think we're good. But if that, I would assume that's what it is. What they call You had Awan had Awan this bit had awan S not, it's not illegal on the plane S not just Just round the, just round The phone.


Just round the, Is that true? No, no. Just kept like dropping. Oh, okay. Oh, are we rolling Caleb? Yeah. Okay. We are rolling. So we got all that. So we got all that my, that's fantastic. You are. He is gonna do headphones. I Think so. Yeah. Damn. It's better. Check, Check. Might as well. Check. Check. It's better. It's clear. Alright. Alright. Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen. He's the interim UFC heavyweight championship. Oh, he is? He's an inanimate object. He seems like a human dude. Ladies, oh, can you turn me up in the headphones a little bit? If that's all that's, Yeah. I have like weird, I can't hear, I just can't hear myself that well. Oh, I can go up a little bit here. Tom. Just, Just gimme a second. Yeah. It's, it's like our fir one of our first times doing this. So this is Our first podcast.


I Think that that's a lie. That's definitely a lie. We're we're, We're deep. We shouldn't be fucking around like this. We're jet lagged ladies and gentlemen. It's Tom Aspenal. Yeah. Yeah. The interim UFC heavyweight champion of The world. It's Tom Aspenal. Yeah. Wait, what? Why, why'd we do that twice? I like the, the, the prefacing it with his, his title and then getting into his name. Perfect. We will air both right? I think so. Okay, cool. Yeah. Dude, what's up Tom? How Are you Tom? I'm doing all right. Thanks. Yeah, you Seem like a a just a, a proper bloke. Yeah. Thank Well, is that a compliment? I'll take it if it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I am. Dude, I'm, I walked in.


You, you reached your hand out and you said Tom, Nice to meet you. Yeah. Formal. Formal. Yeah. You like a professional? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. How do you maintain h hinge ness when it's your job to murder people for, You know what I'm saying? Like, Well, it balances out. If I didn't have the job, maybe I would be a little bit more unhinged, maybe. I don't know. It's difficult to say 'cause I've been involved with like martial arts since I was like eight years old, so I don't really know. Life without, without it. So I think it does keep me sane. Hopefully I'm gonna stay sane when I retire and stuff, but we'll See. Doesn't martial arts, and you say martial arts specifically, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like what, what kind of martial arts? Well, I've been involved in basically not every martial art, but a lot.


So Is it like a, Is it true that it's kind of like a, a centeredness, it teaches you like morality and integrity and, and when to use your power and when not to? I think so. I, I think so, yeah. I think it, it teaches you like how to control yourself a little bit. Like I know, I think you get a reality check on a regular basis if you do some kind of combat sport. I mean, you do come, I you do you not agree? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I'm just fighting for my life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can tell. You can tell. But what about the chat? What about the Jacket? No, the jacket is nice. The jacket is nice. The Jacket is nice. I said that as well. No, but I think you get a reality check pretty often. Like your ego gets checked. Like if you are not in the gym consistently, you are gonna get checked.


Literally you're gonna get punched or kicked in the face. What, What was the biggest ego check of the past year that you saw watching UFC? Is there a moment that stands out? I think that, No. No, because I think that the, the top level guys, like the elite level guys, we're all aware of what can happen. Mm. Like you zg wing, you should have argue, especially at heavyweight. Do You know what I mean? Like, there's sometimes it doesn't even matter if you make a mistake or not. If you get hit with one with those tiny little gloves on, we're talking massive guys like you going over. So I don't think that anybody's, I mean, we all have eagles obviously. We're professional athletes. We're big guys. We're spent our life doing it. But I think that everyone's on the same page where we all know that We can lose at time.


I think sometimes the ego check too is like somebody bringing something to remind you that you may not be as well-rounded as you should be. Yeah. And I think back to like Moab and Sugar, who's, you know, sugar as it, Damn, you're just gonna Sean like that. Well, well, I mean, let's, let's put it like this. One of the greatest strikers in the league for Sure. Incredible to watch. But I think he now, he knows that he, he got checked and he has to go back and work on that takedown game. He's gonna fight him again. Right. You know What though? That's, that's one of the most beautiful things about MMA is that you get time to work on it and go again. You know, like in boxing for example, you lose. That's it. Like you're out of the picture. Whereas in MA, it's like you keep going.


But You know what, Sean, I think he has the persona of like a cocky guy, but I don't think he's really like that. Like he's really flamboyant on social media, on YouTube and all the rest of it. But I think that Sean is like a grounded guy who works hard. From my experience with him. At least we, We know, we know him very. He's, he's fully locked in him and Timmy and right now he's just completely off the grid. He's not on social media. I think after that fight he, You know, got back to, got back to work like very seriously. And I think he'll come back and get the job done next time. That was, You know, I wasn't trying to be critical. I thought that was, You know, an You think you think he's gonna win the rematch? Tough fight that guy. Fight guy. Tough as hell. That guy's tough as hell. He's just gotta work in that, those damn takedowns. So yeah, for me, Rabi's like, I don't know what's going on with him because his cardio and conditioning is unbelievable.


Yeah. His last fight, I've never seen anything like it. His Unbelievable last fight was like one of the best Fights I've ever seen. Yeah. Because he just goes and goes and goes like, he will not stop going at somebody. I've never seen anything like that guy. He's unbelievable. I mean, you wouldn't know about your cardio really, because you have the shortest Average. I've not got any, I just don't like, after a minute I just exhaust, I Got screwed. But that's what everybody thinks. That's, everybody Thinks what we wouldn't know. Bro, you're, you have the shortest average fight time in UFC history at two minutes and two seconds. Yep. Yep. That's good. How Would we know if you can go? I don't, it's a mystery for everybody. You know? I absolutely love, it's one of my favorite things about my style is that nobody knows anything about me.


Yeah. Like I'm sure we're gonna get to some John Jones conversations at some point. John is a massive studier of tapes. His opponents. Yeah. He's a massive tape Stu. Like, that's one of the things that he does best. And the tapes are just not really out there of me. Mm. And the fact that I live over here as well. I think it's a massive, I think some people see it like as a detriment living in the UK away from here. For me personally, I think it's amazing because like when I go to Vegas and training, like I see how intertwined everybody is with each other's business and stuff. And like, I'm out here and I'm just doing my own thing and nobody knows anything about me and I love It. You don't think he's got any spies out? MI five type people? Nope. That are watching the camps studying? I don't think so.


Taking secret GoPro videos and shit like that. I mean, there might be pigeons, maybe. Maybe. You never know. Let, let's ask this question right now for the clip. Is John Jones scared to fight you? Yes, absolutely. I mean, the thing with John, John is conning the public man. Whoa. And Logan Paul, it's his favorite fighter. Yeah. Oh, Is it really? Well, listen, I mean, He's definitely top three. He's definitely top Three. Absolutely. I'm not disputing that He's an amazing fighter. I think the fact that he didn't wanna fight in au for three years and now he's not wanting to fight me for over a year.


And he just, the way he manipulates the, the media and the public is super smart. I'm not taking anything away from him. But do I think he's scared to take the, the tough, the tough fights at this stage in his career? Absolutely. Can you understand that? Absolutely. Yeah. I can, You like can empathize With that. I I respect it. I respect it. But if you're gonna ask me the straight up question, is John Jones afraid to fight me? The honest answer would be yes. Well, Well is regardless of that and, and that fear, because clearly he's he's overcome it at times in the past, is that fight fucking happening? I cannot say or deny. No. No. Right now we're actually waiting for news. We have had to do, I'm chasing it up like the UFC are saying that it's gonna happen.


I'm chasing it all the time. I want the fight really bad. You know what, it's not even like I see people online saying like, You know the thing that happened with Connor and Chandler? Yeah. People are like, don't be like Michael Chandler take Yeah. Listen, it's not about the fighting John, it's about the UFC heavyweight title. Yeah. Like I've got a version of the title, but I wanna, I wanna be the undisputed champion. That's all it Is. It doesn't matter about John. I'm trying to be the undisputed heavyweight champion. That's it. Yeah. I'm not chasing one fight. If I can fight John and get the biggest scalp in MMA, absolutely, I'll take it. Do You know what I mean? And it's a great time for me because he is slowing down a little bit and I've not even reached my prime yet. So Spoken like a true a side right there.


I mean, I'm not the A side, I'm not gonna start pretending that I'm, that guy's gonna get $30 million to fight me. He's definitely the a side, but it's, I definitely think it's a fight that I can win. When he came back against surreal. Yeah. You watch that fight. Yeah. Were you surprised at how good he still was after all these years and, and moving up to heavyweight? No. You know what? I think John, like you said, I think he's one of the best fighters ever. Definitely top three. That's debatable when you start putting in about drug tests and stuff like that, I think. Damn. But he definitely likes skill for skill. He is one of the top three fighters ever. I'm not debating that at all. What Drug, what drug are you talking about specifically? Well, he's Done a few.


I think he's done a few. I can't, who Hasn't? I can't tell tolerate, tolerate the John Jones slander bro. It was, it's not, it was a fluke. It Is. It was a Flu. It was a recreational. You know, he has fun Is slander not when you're saying something that's inaccurate. That's what she That is true. No, no, I don't think so. I think that's the definition of it. It's no somebody Slander liable. I Think I, I think, I think slander the definition is that you've said something that that's not True. I thought it was basically when You say something that you Politically saying. Yeah. Yeah. And It you're, you're in the, you're the clear It gone buddy. I'm trying, I'm Trying bro. I ran into him at the inauguration. Such a nice guy. Yeah. Also just proper bloke. Man. It would be crazy to see you guys fight though. That I would, I would, I think it's probably there. He's the biggest fight in MMA at the minute.


I think so. Yeah. I think, I mean, you've got a few big fights. You've got like DDP and Kaza. Huge fight. Yeah. You've got ia, por possibly fighting Islam che massive fight. But I think, I mean, I'm obviously biased, but I always wanna see the heavyweights fight like that. That's of Course the best division when, when the heavyweight fight is on. Even if they're not the main event. It's, for me it's just the most exciting. 'cause like you said, you just never know those little gloves. Yeah. You just never know big guys. Yeah. A chin is a chin a hit that button on someone's face and they turn off. I Completely Agree. And the and The world wants this fight. Like you, it's, it's, it's, you go, you see these pressers and everybody in the crowd, at least a ton of the UK people and a ton of Americans are like, this is the fight we want.


Yep. Dana News as of what shit eight hours ago is already talking about the fight that comes after it. So he's saying basically that the winner is gonna fight pad Pida. I like it. I love it. Who is a scarier opponent for you, Alex or John? I think that's a tough question. You know what? Even though I might be saying all this stuff about John or whatever, I'm not disputing his skills. He's Unbeliev. Yeah. No, it doesn't sound like it. Unbelievable. It doesn't sound like It. The, the same with Alex. One of the most dangerous guys in my opinion, to ever fight in the UFC. He has that, I don't even know what you'd call it. He just has the thing where he touches you and you just die. Do You know what I mean? Like, he's, he's unbelievable. I've never seen anybody Does that translate to heavyweight?


I'm not sure. Yeah. How does his punch resistance look at heavyweight? 'cause he has been knocked out. Yeah. At middleweight before. But again, you could put that, that down to cutting weight. Like when you're taking loads of like fluid out your body and away from your brain and stuff and you're cutting a lot of weight the day before. Yeah. Yeah. And you get punched clean. Like that's what he was doing before. So maybe his chin's a little bit better. I don know. I don know We're gonna see. He's also, he's also not been getting hit. He's been so he, as of these recent fights, he's been even, he's, even if he does surgical in some of these past fights, every shot is landing. The combos are incredible. And it's like he, he's he's easily one of the most dangerous fighters in the, in the, In the sport right now.


Absolute Beast. He absolutely, he gets hit. He gets hit. But even if he does, it's, he, it doesn't face him at shakes it off all. Yeah. Like at all. He just, he just runs through It. That it just depends on what fight, which Man the first ever three division champion would be insane. It would be, well not if he takes my belt so We Yeah, no, yeah, yeah, Yeah. If he does that against someone else, that's pretty cool. But if it's against me Warz zone fans, the way is finally over ver dank is back on April 3rd. Put some respect on Verdant. Say say it, it means a lot ver dance. It's means a lot to the community. Ver they ver dank. Fine. You Heard that right. Verdant iconic map, we all know in love is returning to Call of Duty War zone. Starting April 3rd, you'll be able to drop back into ver dank experience all the chaos and relive the thrill you've been missing.


It's the return of the map that started it all with iconic POIs like Superstore, hospital, prison and more. Whether you're an og Call of Duty, war zone fan or dropping in for the very first time ance 'cause ready to bring you the action. So gather your squad and get ready for intense battles, iconic landmarks and heart pumping moments that will keep you coming back for more experience. New gameplay updates and return of the ver dance. Say that behind the camera. Weaponry, Grab your friends, get ready to opt in, drop into Verdan when it returns on April 3rd. This is the moment you've been waiting for and it's going to be epic. Download, Call of Duty Warzone for free and drop into Verdansk on April third.


Rated M for mature. And I'm gonna be dropping Superstore, just letting You know right now, April 3rd, I'll be dropping Superstore. You guys can meet me there. Inver dance. Download it now. Or on April 3rd even is better. 'cause that's when it's out. Nice. Back to the program. You mentioned it when talking about your title, you said it's a version of the championship. Yeah. And, and You know it is the interim heavyweight championship. Does that bother you or, or do or can, can you still feel proud that you are the current UFC heavyweight Champion? No. You know what I've, I'm currently ranked number more in The world. Yeah. Which is amazing. Yeah. But I don want to be known as the, the best. I don't, I don't like, see this is for me, this is where the UFC separates from like boxing.


Because in boxing you got a million divisions and you got five or six champions at each weight. Yeah. And it's like, this guy's a world champion. Oh, what about this guy? Oh, this guy's a world champion as well. Oh, what about this? Oh, so they've got like five champions. And that's a bit weird for me. Like I think there should be like one face, one name every division. And I obviously want it to be me. Whereas John's like doing some weird stuff about it. Like, like I say, the problem isn't with John, the problem is the fact that he's sitting on the belt and not doing anything. So I think that, to answer your question, I wanna be known as the guy at heavyweight or at least have a shot. You know, like, just gimme a shot, gimme the opportunity to do it. And I think I can do it. How much of it do you think is drawing John out?


Like you personally versus I don't think deal size Dana? Like is there something you could say right now like down the pipe that's gonna, that's gonna get him out of that wherever he is? I don't, I don't, I don't think much of it gonna say something. I think he just wants money. You know? I just think he wants money. Yeah. Yeah. I mean dude, It's a huge, it's the fight. It is the fight. I think it's down to him and Dana or whoever else. Yeah. Dana loves John Jones. He's trying to grease up his ego a little bit. Maybe. I don't know. I don know what he's trying to do. Yeah. But I think ultimately John's just after some money and fair play, like I would be the same. Well Again, you are a dangerous fight, so it has to be worth it. If if it doesn't go definitely his his way. Definitely. You know, definitely that he can still walk, walk home and be like, damn, I just made, You know, X million dollars and I, and I feel fine.


Yeah. You were mentioning some of the, the guys in the UOC right now, some of the super fights and everyone is such a good fighter right Now. I feel like the talent in the UFC has gotten so, so good. Yeah. How do you feel about the UFC as a, as an entertainment vehicle at the moment? I mean, I can only speak for how it looks in the UK 'cause it's where I live, this, where I'm from. Yeah. And since like after the pandemic, it just went massive. Like, we had a few big shows at the Alto Arena and if you're from the uk like that's the place that you wanna, you wanna fight. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, for Sure. Like I'm from Manchester, I'm not from London, but it's like, if you're fighting in London in the Alto arena, it's ma like for us it's massive. So we had a few massive shows there and it's just, it's skyrocket in this country now.


It's, it's huge. And just the level, the level is un like I went to a local show on the weekend. I've not been to a local show for maybe five years. And I'm seeing in seeing like amateur female fights, two girls who are like 18, 19. And the skills are unbelievable. Yeah. Like unlike it's what you used to see in the UFC like 10 years ago and now you're seeing like amateur girls with like one or two fights doing the same thing as like UFC fights did 10 years ago. It's unbelievable how, how mu how far it's come. It's insane. You see like highlights of some of the greats. Yeah. And they just don't, it doesn't look as as competitive as, as It is now. No, it's really weird you say that because recently I was watching a croup fight.


Yeah. And croup is like one of the, one of my heroes course. Of course. And I was watching him fight a guy and I didn't actually know the guy was, it was a UFC fight and I was watching, I was like, these two like, don't look very good. You know, like, 'cause I'm used to watching and I'm not saying Cro cough isn't good by any stretch of imagination, but compared to like today's MMA, it's just the levels are so different now than they were like 15 years ago. Feels way Different now. Yeah. So different. Okay. And I have, or I see guys like Ariel Ani saying at the moment he thinks UFC is lacking like a, a star. It had, there's a, a serious like superstar problem. I don't think it's just him saying that either. It's kind of a, it's a little bit of the sentiment right now in terms of the, I think it was, it was where your question about entertainment value was going.


Like it's, it's, we've entered this like Pakistani rush like wrestling period. Like some are already calling it the the boring era. Oh man. The U Ffc. I'm not personally saying that, by the way. Neither is anyone on this podcast, Logan Paul or the Impulsive podcast as a whole, or Tom Aspenal, I should say that right now. But people are saying it, some people are saying that. And so like, who is going to be the person that brings that bravado, that knockout style? Because, 'cause it was Sean for a second. Like, people really loved watching Sean. They loved watching him knock people out. And then all of a sudden you got this fucking little fucking take down problem that ruined the day. You know? And it's like, well, Well I, I think that's quite subjective to be honest.


I think super. Listen, I'm a Sean. I'm A Sean Guy. No, I mean, I like Sean as well. Of course. He's one of my favorite fights, to be honest. But I actually like that daggy standing style of rest. I actually really appreciate it for what it is. 'cause it's really hard to, to pull off that kind of stuff. But I think when you got guys like Ilia Topoya, who's in the mix now, DDP and especially these guys are coming from like all over The world. Do You know what I mean? Like, we're not just, I don dunno, I feel like the American bravado style of being like cocky and, and stuff, no offense. But I think that that's like, only app is mainly appreciated, like in America. Mm. But like the other stuff, like if you take a, a daggy standing guy and walking around the streets of Dagg, he's not gonna be able to move.


He's gonna be that popular. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So I think, I think that's looking at it from like an very North American point of view. Whereas in other parts of The world, I think they appreciate it a bit differently. Makes complete sense. Yeah. And you've, and you've seen, like, I get that completely like certain countries value, respect, ritual. Tradition. Yeah. So much more than America does. And we, we see, You know, a con we see, You know, some psychopath like that's screaming and talking shit to somebody and we're like, wow, that's so fun. You know? We are, you're It's a good point. We're very different people. Certainly. Yeah. I mean's definitely like a culture thing and I'm, You know, an American, I'm from Ohio. I, I, I partially watch for the sport, but at the end of the day I wanna be entertained.


You know, I wanna see a dolly going through a fucking bus. Yeah. Are you like that? Yeah. You know, like, I wanna see shit fall apart. Yeah. Yeah. Do you plan on throwing a dolly through a bus or anything? You Know what? I think you, you always have to like play to, to your strengths to like your personality. And I think that the public can see that's not your personality and you're trying it. Like, especially when Connor was in, we've seen so many guys try and be Connor So true. Yeah. So true. And you See through it. I personally just look at it and I'm just like, what the fuck is this? Like what? This is so corny. Anybody in Particular that you comes to mind? A lot of UK guys did it, like on the local scene. Oh, okay. Like trying to be Connor. Yeah. And it's just like, what are you doing? Like, if, if that is your personality, absolutely.


Like take your personality to the next level and go for that. But if you, if that's not you, then I think you should take your own strengths and run with, run with whatever you are good at. Do You know what I mean? So I think I do like to see it, but if your personality, I isn't going throwing doll through a bus, like that's not really my seat. Yeah. Like I'm not gonna just gonna start doing it just to like, try and make money or whatever, or get eyes up. Like I feel like I've got other ways. Like me personally, I gotta hit you once and knock you out. Like if that isn't exciting for people, then the aunt fans of the sport. Do You know what I mean? Like, if they want to, if they wanna watch like a drama show, like go go and do that thing. But for me personally, I'm trying to fucking knock people unconscious man.


And like, if you don't like that, then go and go and do something else. That's a great answer. That was sick. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was sick. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Such a wise answer. And I like it too. 'cause you're basically saying be yourself in a round, in a roundabout way. So important authenticity. Especially nowadays. Yeah. Because you're man, you're so right. Like, dude, I was, I was one of those guys trying to be Connor like, like when, when we first got into boxing, me and Jake, we were like, we're gonna wear suits like Connor. No, But don't sell though though. And it sold. But I think that if, if you have that in you a little bit, then definitely like exaggerate that little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But if, if you don't and you're just completely faking it, I think that people are just like, what the fuck is This do?


Yeah. No, we, we, we had a, we had a little bit of it. Yeah, definitely. But, and, and Now I think we have our, our version of it. But I look back and I could see me like, like emulating and not being Yeah. Yeah. But also at the time we were so young, like I didn't really know who, we didn't really know who we were. Definitely. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm sure it took you a while to like come into your own and realize what your strengths were that you're speaking About. Still working on it. Yeah. Still working on it. Do You know what I mean? But I definitely, like, I'm nearly 32, so like, like we spoke about before, I'm like married with three kids and, and we've got the whole thing going. So I think as you get older and progress through life, you just naturally start gravitating to what your morals are. Do You know what I mean? And Yeah.


Yeah. I'm still learning. Don't, I'm not mastered life or this career by any stretch of the imagination, but I know what I'm all about and I know what I wanna get across and what I wanna do. So I'm, I'm just working on that. I Got a good head on your shoulders, Man. I'm trying, I'm trying. It definitely, definitely seems like it. We Need, we need some thoughts on the Logan Paul potential. Logan Paul UFC Arc. Okay. Yeah. Like, let, let's talk about this for a second. What, what weight are you, like what's you, what's your weight? I'd probably fight 180 5. Yeah. Which to Which is, which is Which? A tough fucking weight class. So Name some of your opponents in that class. Like who, who would you be fighting against At one point? Pereira, I think of Dr. DRAs. D-D-P-D-D P's The Mount of the Minute in That division. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough.


It, it would've been Izzy at one point. Is it too, Is it too late? And his, for him to, Well I've, I've seen you do like re you seem like really ath I actually seeing you do the wrestling stuff, I was a massive fan. I actually went to a wrestling event recently. Hell Yeah. So you met Cody? Yeah, I was, I was with Cody. Yeah. Cody Rhodes. What a nice guy as well. Yeah. Cool guy. One of the best in the business. Yeah. Awesome guy. And I actually really, that's maybe something I would look at doing when I've retired from I would love to do that stuff. That is cool. Like, I was not only the entertainment side, but the athletic side. I was so fucking impressed with what these guys are doing. It's unbelievable. But Now I don't, I don't think you're too old. Like how, how old are you? You're not 38, 29.


Yeah. You, I think you can still dom Almost 30 though. I think you can Still do it. I Could, I could, I could get one for the right opponent, but it wouldn't be a DDP dude. It's, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not fighting for a world title or fuck it. Did you speak to, fuck, let's, did you have Any, let's get it. Did you have any conversation with the USA about it? I did. I told Dana for UFC 300. I texted him. I said, Hey man, like, consider me available to fight on the undercard in the sphere. Yeah. Ba basically completely ignored me. No. Which, which I think smoke volumes haven't bothered him about it since. But You know, I I I, I think, I think for the right fight, the right amount of money, like man, I'm an entertainer at the end of the day.


I mean, I would watch it. Yeah, Absolutely. I bro, bro, I think a lot of people would watch it because of his, I would, yeah. His overall perceived ineptitude in the space. People would be like, this is my best opportunity to see him get Did you follow like the CM Punk saga when he was like in the US and stuff? I did. Could you not do something like, kind of goes down the similar path to that? He fucked it up. Yeah. He wasn't very good to Be honest. No. And he fucked it up. And after that Dana was like, I'm never doing this again. Yeah. Tough one. But dude, I'm not seeing punk. No, you well you definitely don't move like him from the little, little stuff that I've seen. No, and the boxing and stuff. He's a, he's a great wrestler. Not a UFC fighter, not, not a great UFC fighter.


And I think I would be a much better UFC fighter than I would just a boxer. You think so? Well my skill is wrestling. Okay. Like, I'm a, I am a wrestling. Oh, I did see a Video of you, you wrestling actually. Who was that? Who was that with at the pi? I seen it, it was with The Apollo. Palo Costa. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. You know, but, but You know, You know, I, I think I found a path, dude. Like I'm a, I'm a, I'm a WW superstar now. Yeah, yeah. And, and, and it's, it's, it's, it's one of the only things I've done in my life where I feel so at home. Like, like, oh, you were kind of like, meant to be this thing. Yeah. And so I don't know if I want to like, turn away from that at the moment and dedicate time to something that is, that is would be like a side quest at this Point. I mean, you got, you gotta put a lot of time in if you wanna be a, a good level.


Yeah, bro. And I don't know why, But it, it all depends on the opponent, don't it. Like if you're gonna fight an actual MMA fighter who's de like, like me, who's been going since I was eight years old. Yeah. Like, it's gonna be tricky to be honest. But You don't say. But if, if you're gonna find somebody else who's in, in, who's like, kind of in something else and switching over like you, I think it could easily be That would be it. Yeah. It would be, it would be a co-main event Yeah. Of someone else who's like their first MMA fight ever. I have some names of mine, but like, You know, Oh, go on. Tell us if you go on, I mean Yeah. Who exists in that Realm? There's, there's, there's a, I don't even wanna say, I don't even wanna say it 'cause it's pointless, but like, the people know who People know who Okay. Would be like, good contenders for this. Well, well, well, no, I'm just, I'm done saying names because Yeah.


I Got, I Got it. I Got, it's just pointless. Yeah. No one actually follows up or is interested. Got it. And again, dude, I'm like, I'm doing WWE e I'm, I'm, I'm involved now. I'm


Logan from the future. Here's a question. What is a mechanic and auto shop owner in Georgia? A taco restaurant operator in Arizona and a lifesaving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common. That's right. They're all small businesses and they're all thriving on TikTok across the us. Over 7.5 million businesses from family owned shops to entrepreneurs are using TikTok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on TikTok say that TikTok has allowed them to scale their operations, which increases sales and allows 'em to expand to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today there are over 7.5 million US businesses on TikTok employing over 28 million people in those numbers continue to grow. Small businesses thrive on TikTok. You can learn more about tiktoks contribution to the United States economy on TikTok economic impact.com. Back to the program.


American Public University is digital by nature, human by design with flexible online learning plus resources to support your mental health and career goals. You'll never feel alone on your path to success. Learn more@apu.apus.edu.


You'd be sick at wwe e Honestly, I went and like you say, my personality is not this whole bravado thing. Hmm. But I went and I actually met the guys who were involved with wwe, the wrestlers and the staff. And I was like, this is fucking, like, I, I like this. Like I like it a lot. And I Got in the ring, we had like a little cameo for me. I didn't actually get to wrestle because the UFC put the blockers on that a little bit. Yeah, Sure. I'm sure. But I would've, I I thought maybe they'll let me throw like one or two punches just to, but they didn't let me. But I would, I would absolutely. That's something that I would really enjoy doing just like as a, as a little outlet when I finish from fighting. 'cause I think I've been pretty open with my fighting career. Like, I want to be done sooner rather than later.


Yeah. I would rather be a couple too early than a couple too late because Oh, for Sure. Now we get into the realm and I don't wanna like sit on the podcast and name drop anybody who's struggling at the moment. But there's a couple of peers who, who are like the generation above me who I'm close friends with now and those guys are struggling. Yeah. It's like you should have called it. Yeah. Like physically, Mentally. Do you think it's a a, a money thing though? Like, like, 'cause you still gotta make money. Yeah. After, after, after you are done fighting. And, and if that's the only real thing You know how to do to generate a significant amount of income. Well, I don't know because I think if, if you're like an elite level and you're fighting for a, like you're making money, But okay.


I think it's just like in us, like, I've been doing this thing all my life. That's what I've got is it's like, fight the fight's over. I spend a little chill time, then I get another date, start training again. That, that's all I know. Okay. And when that's gone, what replaces it? And also what replaces 25,000 people screaming your name playing in the Sad Men Charity match. What, what does that what replay played in Silent? No, I'm alright guys. That's like 90,000 isn't it? It's a lot of people. It no time. No. Do you know what I, I think the feeling that I will miss the most, and it's one of the scariest feelings is being sat in that arena. And I fought all over The world at this point, and you sat there and you get your hands wrapped the, the officials wrapping your hands and you can hear the roar of the crowd.


Like it's shaking the walls and you know that somewhere and you are scared to get in there. And You know that somewhere else in that arena is somebody else getting their hands wrapped as well. And you guys are just gonna meet in the middle, in front of millions of people and just fight. Like, and that sounds weird. It sounded awesome to be honest. The way you just put it sounded like a That's what I look forward to is like those mental battles with yourself of there's another guy in here going through the same thing as me and we don't know each other and we're just gonna go in there and one of us is probably gonna be separate from our consciousness and we are gonna go home and continue life afterwards. Hopefully. Hopefully. Yeah. And it's just what replaces that? I don't know.


So bad the way say nothing. Like how do you, you know, that was one of the sickest, I like verbal illustrations. I've heard of that moment, but like Yeah. What do you do? Do you go back to, You know, the English countryside and and, and raise calves and get milk? Like what do you do, dude? You know, like what's, what is there, what type of equivalent is there in your podcast? I don Waning Years Haven. I've been Charity match. I been Charity match. Why not? Well, I Would you ever consider being a YouTuber? I mean, I Got podcast. I've got, I've got a channel. I've got a YouTube Channel. It's, it's in it infancy, but we're doing all right. We're doing well. Check it out. Thomas must been all official. If you're not already, please. It's actually in the description of this video. Is it all great? Oh, Thank you. Thank you. Wait, do you, do you like it? I like it. Yeah. Yeah. It's just difficult to, like, I can't do it full time 'cause I have to train twice a day.


Like, I have to train twice a day. I have to be home. I have to be in a routine. I have to do what it takes to be the best athlete in The world. And that can't be me flying all over The world doing different collaborations with different people. All the stuff that it takes to be a successful YouTuber with, you know, full-time. I can't do it at the moment. It's stress. What, what type of what? What's the content? Like vibe? Oh, we We're just doing like different things like we're doing, like I try different sports. That's like a bit of a theme that we've got going. Yeah. And like I collaborate with different people showing a bit of MMA and stuff like that. Just we, we were doing all right with it. Like, we've been going like a year and we're doing well. I didn't know if you did like a a had a niche like Vol Cooking. Cooking. No, that's awesome though.


Vol was actually telling me now that this p like his channel's doing so well that people don't even know that he's a UFC fighter. So That's hilarious. That's wild. Absolutely wild. Amazing. Hey, I, I was walking through security at LA Ancestry and said, you're somebody said you're the guy with that burger. And I Got sick. It was the first time it ever happened. Sick. And he was like, you have the 10 10 burger, right? And I was like, yeah. I was like, have you seen the podcast? He is like, what? Where's the burger? And I was like, so it's funny when people start to, that's it's almost like a, a a a credibility point. A proof point for your evolution. It's cool. Yeah. But imagine Volk actually just does become a straight up niche YouTuber And that's it. A cooking niche YouTuber, If he loves it. I I love bulk. It's actually really good. Like I've tuned in a couple of times'.


We've it Oh really? Yeah. You cook? What? What's the food like? We did A, a, a Was it a smash burger or I thought, I thought it was a burger. Oh, smash Burger, right? I think so. I mean it's, Oh no, it was the, it was the quesadilla burger. Oh yeah. Remember? Oh yeah. I don't know if the people really liked us very, very much. I don't think people really like us General. That might be the easier way to put it. Yeah. I'm struggling. I'll be honest. I'm struggling for You. No, I feel like you're, you're, you're pretty likable. You have haters. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. What Do they hate on? I mean, what do people not hate on these days? I think that's the, that's the better question. Yeah. I think if you are in the public eye in any capacity, not even in the public eye, if you are doing like, something that other people don't wanna do.


Yeah. Like I'm from a town where no one really does anything. I'm sure you guys are from a similar place and it's like, if you put yourself out there in any capacity, people are gonna hate on you. That's just the way The world unfortunately. So Success, Success is the biggest. It's not even always just success. It's like even just, it's, it's being different. It's so unfamiliar for people and it's kind of like you, you get shunned and ridiculed. Yeah. Like when you were growing up and you, did you say like, I want to be a UFC fighter? I did actually. I Actually did. Did anyone take you seriously? I was actually always training, like my dad was an MMA fighter before me. Mm. My dad's a coach as well, so he is like quite known around the area and stuff. So it was actually quite realistic, believe it or not. Oh, No way.


Yeah, it was actually quite realistic. Like no one was like, look at this guy. Everyone was like, oh well, fair enough. Yeah. I'm gonna try it. So yeah, it was, I was actually, I was very lucky in that regard. Yeah. Like a lot of people believed in me from Yeah. That must be nice. Yeah. It was Meant to me saying, I'm gonna be a BMX rider and I can't do anything. I'm just sucks so bad. That was a crazy thing for you to say. I feel like I've said, I said multiple things. I said I was gonna go get my master's at Columbia. I did. All I ended up doing was heroin. Oh yeah. Such a horrible turn, dude. Like I made it out, but just didn't barely see if people had told me. Yeah. We believe in you to be the BMX writer. I probably would've skipped the drugs.


It's your peer's fault. Yeah. Justin Spear. You asshole. Justin. Journey to drugs. Yeah, dude. Asshole. Dude, I Got the book out of it. That was good. At least. That's good. Your dad, you still work with him? Still work with him? Is He your Coach? He's my coach. I'm manager. I dad. Whoa. And dad. Oh, you got a dader? Oh yeah. Well I never heard that before. Yeah, I do. That's what we call it, the States. Yeah, I do. Yeah. It's it's, it's a thing in, in the United States. Oh, it Is it Britney Spears, that shit Correct. It Is. It's not Britney Spears level. Has that, has That dad ever happen? No, We're doing it. We're doing all right. I mean, obviously we have the thing with having a, a dad as a manager and a coach and all the rest of it is, Is it sometimes it's like blurred lines. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, yeah. At what point does it, does it become dad or co And sometimes it is a bit tricky, obviously, but he's been amazing.


You have to, He's incredible. Tell him which version of him you want. Sometimes. Sometimes you'll, you'll, and, and the same, the same like, You know, I I just need to be like told you need to tell me it's my dad at the minute. You, it becomes a bit blurry sometimes. But I wouldn't change it. I've said for the longest time, like if my dad say I came outta this podcast now, my dad called me and said, You know what Tom, I think he should retire. I would be like, yep. Absolutely. No way. Yeah. He has that kind of influence on you. He does. I mean, yeah. I think that that's like our thing. His mind and my dad like, if my dad wasn't here, I wouldn't do it. That's like our thing. Or, or you or you guys just see so aligned. Yeah, We're just pretty aligned. Yeah, we're just pretty aligned I think. Yeah. Yeah. That's so important to have somebody to See things. I wouldn't trust anybody else to like run my stuff like that.


No, no chance. Gi It's given Khabib a little bit. I feel like he had a pretty similar relationship with his dad and, and when his dad passed, I think what he did What? One, one fight. One more fight than he called it. Or I think I have that. I think, I think that's right. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's correct. It, that's, that's not super common in in MA No. Is, it is quite rare. It is quite rare. But like I said, my dad's been, I don't think people realize how much, how many training sessions you need to become like one of the most elite, elite athletes in The world. In any sport you need to dedicate your whole life. And my dad's been at literally 95% of the training sessions Damn. Since I was eight years old. Damn. So that's, that's a lot.


Damn dude. That's a lot. So he, he was all in on you. Yeah. He is all in on it. Yeah. Do you have any siblings? I've Got a brother. Yeah. And does he fight? He doesn't, but he does. He does coach a little bit like he does. I think to be, to be a professional cage fighter, you have to be like all in. And if you're not all in, you're gonna get beat up in front of loads of people. That's just the way it goes. And I think he's one of the smarter people who realizes I'm not all in, so I'm not even gonna do it. Mm. And I think that's fair enough because a lot of people, like if they've got one foot in, one foot out, and I don't think that ends well for anybody and he could see the dedication that I was putting him and he realized that that's not for him. So Is he older or younger? He's younger. Okay. So did you beat, did you beat him up as a kid?


Not really. I mean, we're siblings, so, You know, You got into it sometimes. Yeah, we got into it at times. Yeah. But nothing, nothing major. Did you fight outside of like martial arts as a kid? Did you get in Manchester style, hooligan street fights where somebody might potentially get shanked? Well, yeah. Yeah. Did Anyone not, did anyone get shanked? Well, have I seen anybody? Yeah. I've seen somebody was stabbed. Yeah. God dang it. Yeah. Unfortunately. I mean, shouldn't be laughing. It's not really funny. No, it's Not, It's not funny. Sorry. Yeah, I've seen that. I've seen that. Damn, unfortunately. What's Your record in the streets? A losing? Well, Yeah, actually, I mean it's such a different, it's such a different ballgame. No, I've not had a street fight for a long time.


Was I wanna try and keep You that way. What was the, what was the last, what Happened? So I used to work as a, I used to work as a doorman and as a bouncer. Yeah. As a bouncer. And so all, all the jobs I've ever had were basically just to fund my training. You know what I mean? Because MMA doesn't pay shit. Yeah. Especially outside the UFC. Yep. Like Now I'm doing all right. Yep, yep, yep. But I am, like I say, one of the best in The world, but before, especially pre UFC, terrible. So all my jobs were like to fund me being in the UFC not being, being doing MMA full-time. And I used to work like on the doors at the weekend, like on, on a club. And I mean, people get drunk, people take drugs and people fight.


That's, that's the way it goes. So Especially Manchester's pretty rough. It can, it can be. Yeah. For Sure. Like, anyway. Good. Good parts and bad parts. Good people And bad people. Yeah. What Parts are good exactly? Well, of Manchester? Yeah. Oh, There is, they're out. Are there a bit outside? Are we positive? Are you saying you never been to a good park? There's some definite good parts. I went to a park that was nice. But what in the, in the city? No, if you go outside the city, it's pretty nice, You know, bro, as soon as you said that he started gr griping that park, the membership park he has. So no, he, he probably has so much Manchester pride, bro. Like, no, I like Manchester a lot. Good city I think. Damn. I just never heard anyone say that. No. What what, what does a busy month look like for you?


Wow. Just training. Yeah, training kids. Three Kids. Three kids. They get older. Three boys. They're getting older now. So how old? They're not that old. Eight, five, and five. I Got twins. Are you roughing Them Up? I'm roughing. They're roughing each other up. No way. They're roughing each other up. I don't need to do much roughing up. Yeah, they're roughing each other up. So I Got that. And then, You know, I Got the media stuff going. YouTube Channel, social media as well as training. Yeah. You're busy traveling a little bit. It's just, yeah, it's going. It's going. But I take my, I actually take my rest and, and my mental health pretty serious. Like, I don't like to, like, my cup has to be nearly full for me, for me to be performing in the gym. Like if I'm burning the candle at both ends, my performances go to shit.


So I'm very conscious of that. So if I ain't sleeping in the day, if I ain't getting a sauna, if I ain't, You know, seeing the physiotherapist twice a week, if I'm not having that time on my own, the output's not there in the gym. So that's very important to me. Me as well. You, You seem, he seems dialed in. You're locked In. I'm, I'm dialed. You're locked. I'm dialed in. I Absolutely, I ask because like, you see more and more fighters nowadays willing to be vulnerable about their struggles. Yeah. Volk Patty, a lot of those guys. And it, it seems like you take the approach of caring so much for your body that it seems like your mind kind of follows.


Yeah. Is that an accurate assessment? I think that's pretty accurate. Yeah. And I think that it's difficult because when you start getting big in MMA, and when I say big, I mean popular and, and winning titles and stuff like that. Other opportunities do come of course lucrative ones where you can make money become more popular and do all this stuff. Now, for me that's good, but also I'm trying to be the freaking best ever. So that comes first before anything. So I'm making sure I'm doing that stuff and, and ticking those boxes. 'cause ultimately, like we talked about at the beginning of the podcast, you wanna be popular. You want people to care about you, you want people to tune in for your fights. That's, that's important. But what's more important than that to me is winning. And that ain't gonna happen if you're spending too much time on the other shit. So I am like in the gym religiously recovering religiously, making my diets on point, making sure my diet's on point.


Everything I'm doing it, I'm doing everything that I can to be the best version that I possibly can. And I won't, I won't miss it. He's, he's fucking dialed. He dialed in, brother. I won't Miss it. Are you in Per, do you, do you have bad days? I gonna, I assume you do. Yeah, I ask all the time. All the Time. Is any of it mental or Is it, or is there, is there al, is there always something that you could track it back to like very, very, very palpable and physical that you could track it back to? I mean, as a man, and I'm not saying all men are like this, but I know I, I'm definitely a suppressor of emotions. So I'm trying to deal with that more. I'm trying to like confront my emotions more. I'm try and deal with it now rather than six months later. I'm Doing it right now.


Yeah. Compartmentalize. He is doing great. Yeah. I texted him today. I was like, you look fantastic. Thank you. Look great. I appreciate that. You're crushing it. Thank you. No, but I'm trying, I'm trying to do that better. Do You know what I mean? Deal with it now rather than exploding. Squashing it down six months later it's gonna catch up with me. And I don't want that in a bad way. Yeah. I don't want that. I don't want it. So, Interesting man, this conversation like never would've taken place 10 years ago, I feel like. Yeah, I think so. Like the, the mental health conversation. Especially for fighters. Fighters. 'cause you feel like, You know, if you're a fighter, you like, you gotta be a tough guy. Yeah. Can't talk about your emotions. Bury it. Definitely turn It off. Definitely. I I mean that happens all the time. I mean, that's part of being a man I think. But especially like fighters. 'cause we're supposed to be all alpha male. Like I will openly speak about how scared I am when fight.


And there is, as far as I'm aware, there might be others. I'm sure there are others actually. But there's me and GSP who spoke about it A lot. Tyson does it as well. Tyson, yeah. Mike Tyson. Yeah. Yeah. But there's so many like UFC fighters who like, I ain't fucking scared. I'll fight anybody and, and I'll definitely fight anybody as well, but I'm, you're still scary. Like, and, and I'm open with it. And I feel like when you are open with that and you embrace it, like it gives you a whole superpower in itself. You're like, you own it. I'm fucking scared, but I'm gonna do it anyway. Like, I'm gonna look across, whether it's John Jones or somebody else, I'm gonna look him in the eye and I'm gonna be like, I'm fucking scared, but I'm coming for you. And I wanna, as we said before, I wanna separate you from your consciousness. That's what I'm looking to do.


I'm trying, not everybody out, but I'm scared of every single person. But that fear makes me super sharp. Doesn't that make you more, don't you think that makes you more of a man? If you think about it? I like that. Like, say, say you have somebody that doesn't feel fear or, or like the case that we're talking about with me doesn't have these demons and shows up when you show up. Or I show the fuck up on days when we are scared to or feels shitty about it. Like, doesn't that make you fucking even more of a warrior? Yeah. I, well, I think so. I think so. And that's, I learned a lot of this stuff from GSP Now. I know GSP personally now, but a lot of it I just learned from like watching podcasts and watching his stuff because he's so open and he's like, like, say 10 years before me, maybe even more. Yeah. And that guy's going out there fighting, like guys like Nick Diaz Yeah.


Who are, who are giving him the finger and, and doing all kinds. Pissing him off constantly. And he's like, yeah, I'm scared, but I'm gonna go over there and kick your ass anyway. And I love, I absolutely love that he's one of the best upfront and honest with your emotions, honest with yourself, facing yourself and overcoming it. Anyway. I absolutely love that. I certainly feel like it gives you a, a, a freedom in in in like that authenticity to yourself. It does For me. Sort, sort of. I, I've had, I've had good experiences sometimes just like surrendering to life and just being like, You know, this Is it. Mm. This is, I'll just be, and it's really interesting because I, I wonder ultimately, if every fighter was being a hundred percent truthful with themselves, what version of locking in for a fight is more effective.


Whether it's like trying to pretend you're supremely confident and you're Superman walking into that ring and having no fear and thinking you're the best in The world, and then proving it. Or being that animal that's kind of been backed in a corner and you are operating out of fear because like, there's definitely a part of you that knows you're really good Yeah. And you're, you're capable of, I think it's gotta be a healthy balance. It's difficult with, with fighting, especially because it's so subjective. Like everybody's different. Every single person steps in there for a different reason and wants a different thing out of it. But I know for me personally, having that honesty with myself, because I used to, I say it all the time, I used to have two fights.


Like I used to be fighting my opponent, but mainly I was like fighting myself. I was like, I'm not scared and like trying to push it out, just trying to block it. Mm. And like, that's never gonna happen. It's ne for me personally, it might, maybe it's different for other guys, but for me personally, I was like, I ain't gonna get rid of this, so I've gotta use it to, to help me win. And once I figured that out, that's when their trajectory's been like Steep sick. Yeah. That's just a, that's just a rule of mental health and internal dialogue in general. Anytime you try to fight thoughts Yeah. Hard make 'em stop. Make 'em stop. Make 'em stop. You're gonna lose. Yeah. You, you're never gonna win that battle. It Is, it is a, it is an always an ongoing effort to coexist with those thoughts and learn how to utilize 'em. Yep. Sure. You know, because there's no, somebody asked me one time, they're like, I had this long talk about like, what are thoughts?


And even that in itself was such an interesting conversation. Like, what are they like, like what would your answer to that be? It's such a hard Syn. I don I don know. It's Like synap, synaps is firing. So what they said to me was the, the best way to look at your thoughts, especially if you're someone that kind of has trouble with them sometimes, like I am is like clouds. You see a cloud sometimes you'll think it's a pretty cool cloud, but it's passing by. It's just going Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And you're, it's, and then there's another cloud. And so like I I, you kind of have to figure out like what, what things you wanna hold onto and what things you wanna just let pass by. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. Do you ever, do you ever like give yourself the perspective or think about how you're like a modern day gladiator and like you see the Roman coliseum and, and You know that men and maybe women, but probably not.


I think it was men, probably just men Yeah. At the time used to like fight for their lives. Right. And there's, there's all these people watching them and cheering on this like primal human brutality. Yeah. Do you feel like that is in you? And do you feel like if you were alive in another era, you would've been like a gladiator, like a warrior fighting for your life? I, I think it's, I think it's in all of us as men. I Don't know. I think it, Is it real, Some real Puss out there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. They're all on Twitter, bro. I Didn't want say anything about Mike, but You know. No, he can scrap. No, I don I know. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm fighting for my life, man. No, but I don dunno.


I dunno, I think it's a bit dramatic when you start thinking like that. Really. Maybe I try not to think like that. Fair. I try, I try and think of it just like a sport. Okay. That's the way that I operate best. Okay. The way that I operate best, me personally, and again it's all subjective, is when I'm like enjoying myself. Yeah. So I try and enjoy we We hear that so much. We hear I try enjoy much dude. Yep. Try and enjoy myself. If I'm thinking about life or death stuff, I'm probably gonna freeze up in there. So I don't wanna do that. I'm not trying to, you're, You're, you're, you're like, you definitely, we've spoken to a lot of really high level people and high level athletes and you're, you're definitely Talking completely dialed. Oh good. Thank you. Yeah. I'm dialing. I'm absolutely dialed. And I'm also aware something else is that like, I'm gonna be 32 soon, like next month.


That's not old by any stretch, but I'm aware that I'm closer to the end than the beginning. So like, I'm going all the end of Your career. Yeah. You're not alive, I hope. No, I Hope not. You never know. You never know. But I hope not. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I want to be like, I wanna be like all in. Do You know what I mean? So if it doesn't work for whatever reason, and I think it's gonna work, obviously, but at least I can look back and be like, you tried your best. And that's, that's all that anybody can ever ask. Is it that you tried your best and I was both feet in, I did everything right from nutrition to the mental side of things to training twice a day, to the routine, to the sleep, to the physiotherapy, to everything. I want to tick every single box so that in five years or 10 years, I can look back and go, look, you tried your best.


Yeah. And that's all I can do. How debilitating Is it when you do give it this 110% effort that you're describing and someone God puts a stick in your spokes and you fly over the front of the handlebars and face plan on the ground, whether it's an injury Yeah. Or like, I don't know, get dropped in practice, whatever your version of it is. Yeah. I mean, it's not, it's not great, but that's part of the sport unfortunately. Like that's what we signed up for. And you, I think that I can never speak for the fights 'cause they only know how my own mind works. But like, there's two of us in there. We're, we're literally, now we're talking with my career. We're at the top of the mountain. Like there's not many of us there.


Only one of us is gonna make it. There's two of us. So it's essentially a 50 50 who's gonna win. And I think as confident as I am, and I honestly believe that I'm the best heavyweight walking around on planet earth right Now. I seriously believe it. But that still means that I can lose because it's MMA and it's, it's the most unpredictable sport in the most unpredictable division in The world. We're massive guys. I'm 6 5 2 60. Do You know what I mean? Like, I'm, I'm a big guy. Like, if, if I hit anybody with the small gloves on clean or if anybody hits me, we're probably gonna be unconscious. And that's what we sign up for. So you just gotta kinda, you just gotta kind of expect it. As weird as it sounds like if I get knocked out as, as we just spoke about, like I try my best and that's all I can do, but do I think I'm the best heavyweight in The world?


Absolutely. But does that mean I can lose? Absolutely. That said, you mentioned it, the best heavyweight MMA fighter in The world, I think by default, that also makes you the baddest man on the planet. Does that ever cross your mind? I don't Know. What does that mean though? Define that. It Means that if you were toe to toe with any other man in The world, you could kill them and you would win. I don't know. I don't know who, Who, what, Who, we've had this discussion on the show multiple times before. I don't Know. Like who, what, What do they call 'em? SAS What's the, what's a S like, like an army guy? Yeah, That's, I that's, I don that's always been my cur.


I don, me and him have always seen differently on it because at the end of the day, what, what he would win. Yeah. No, no, but no question. But hold on, hold on. Let, let's, let's just go through this really quick. He's trained to maim and hurt. These people are trained to kill. Simply, simply. No. No, but no, but you're, no, No, no, no. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying he wouldn't get it done. What I'm saying is, i's I hear, I hear there's different training tactics. The tactics are like they're looking for points to end your life. They want to either separate brainstem, they want to Yeah. But render you lifeless. I do completely agree, but I do have a counter argument if I may. Yes sir. Okay. So who Am I? I can't stop you. There's nothing I can do to stop you.


So, and I mean I'm not trying to like dick measure here at all. Yep. But like, we are trained to, to hurt each other that that's part of the sport. Like say they are trained to kill, they're trained to poke eyes knee in the groin. Yeah. Headbutt do, do all the stuff that we can't do by rules. But when the rules are taken away, who's to say that we can't head but them? Yeah. And poke 'em in the eye and knee 'em in the balls and do all the other stuff. Like I would, I would like to think at least that MMA fighters, if, if we're talking no weapons, you could get any MMA fighter and, and put him against a SAS special whatever, and they had no weapons.


I'm pretty sure that nine times outta 10, the MMA guy would come out on top. I Would, Would, Would Probably would. I wanted to think so. I don't know if that's true, but Probably we saw a version of this where Strickland invited a Navy seal to come spar with him, granted. Oh yeah, that's right. Different different battleground. Yeah. Per se. Like when you're out fighting for your life on, on an actual battlefield and there's like, lead flying across the air, in the air, different story. But You know, bro Strickland beat the fuck outta this navy, like beat the living shit out of him. And I don't know, I I I think like, just to kind of circle back because you are so grounded, but like, does it ever cross your mind like No, it doesn't it doesn't to be honest.


No, No, No, no. You never just want to find a Navy seal and No, no, no, No, no, no. That's not what I'm asking. I'm just like, for me again, a fan of the sport, someone who understands a sport any, any time, like whoever is the UFC heavyweight champion of The world, in my opinion is the baddest man on the planet. Which is the pretty cool thing to say. Oh, Wait, what's, I don't dunno. Like, Like you could, I don't, you could best any other male on the planet. I Don't like there's, there's quite a lot of people in this room Now. I don't walk in the room and do like a, an eye test of being like, right, I can take all of you. Like I, my mind just doesn't work that way. My mind just doesn't work that way. But it just Doesn't, it's so funny. I know a lot of like army like military guys who do think like that.


Yeah. That's Like, that's where their Is it, it's like sm dick energy. Yeah, I hear you. I hear you. But also Tom, like, you don't need to because it's like a given. I don't think any, well Neil would be our, probably our best bet. Not a hundred percent Neil's a big, but that's, but that's also assuming, but that's also assuming that the, that I guess in your mind, in your perception that the baddest man on the planet is a measuring contest of the most capable hand-to-hand specialist on the planet. I agree. You know what I, I'm saying and so That's what I'm saying. Yeah. So and so like, who's to say that somebody else wouldn't say the the, the best sniper on the planet that has, You know, 47 confirmed kill completely agree in, in horrifying conditions.


Under extreme duress. No sleep is the, is not the baddest man on the planet. You know what I'm saying? Like, I guess, I guess that's, it Comes as, it depends. It depends on the test. I guess it depends on the test as well. You can't like, have a fish, climb a tree and expect it to do well. Yeah. I I mean you could try. It's a straight, that's why, that's why I said like, define baddest man. Because if there's weapons involved, I ain't got no chance. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? I ain't got no chance. I don know what I'm doing. So you don't think that it's Vidal or Diaz though, as the BMF? Of course. Probably not man, Right now. Damn. Shout out Jorge. If you're watching this, we miss you. Guess times have changed a little bit.


So do you like cheeseburgers? Yeah. Who doesn't? Well you got a cheeseburger. Yeah. Yeah. I do like 'em. Yeah. Why have you got one? Yeah, we're at Wembley this weekend. Oh really? Yeah, At Box Park. He's got a sick burger. Yeah. Really? What? Like a one of those Smash Smash. But yeah, they're the best. I like him. It's amazing You watching your diet. Like could you eat one of his smash burger? I could do, yeah. But I try and be as dialed in as possible with the diet. But if we're talking a weekend, yeah, I could. Is there any chance that you go to the Side Men charity match? No, but Charlie, my guy. Yeah. Who I'm with is going It Would be great YouTube content. Just throwing it out there. No, I know, I know. I've got some stuff on this weekend though. I can't be there unfortunately. What do, What is it training stuff? Yeah, he is training stuff. I Got some personal stuff on as well.


But you know, I know I've met JJ before as well. KSI, so I know that he's into the stuff. And what'd you think of him? I liked him. Yeah? Yeah, He's cool. Fat Neek A what Is that? Like a Fat fat neek. Fat fat neek. Is that like a what's that? What Is it they call him on his Reddit? Is that, what does that mean? I don dunno what? I don't really know what it means. You don't even know what it means, but it's what they call him generational. It's what People's generational Is That like, is that like your, they call It a fat knee. Is that like your crep Your Crep crets are safe fa Or like how gamers Were been insult? Yeah. I guess I don Really? Is that a racist? Yeah, That's what I was gonna say. I'm sorry. That's where I was going with it. Yeah, It's like a fat nerd. Oh right. Oh, okay. Oh, That's all right. It's, you just saved Logan Paul's career.


Thank you for that. Thank you bro. Hell yeah. Do you have any questions? I I would You like to, could you critique the show maybe or something? Or give Us a I'D to, I mean, I've seen, I've only, I'll be honest, I've only seen one episode and it was with, I've seen clips stung me wrong. I've seen Mike Tyson clips, I've seen Vidal clips the mushrooms. Yeah, I've seen the mushrooms thing. I've seen you asking about I I No, no, no. You asked about Tommy Fury and Molly. That was amazing because I know Tommy as well. Yeah, that was amazing. That was funny as hell. I've seen the Harland episode is the one that watched all the way through. Great Episode. You made, You really do fuck with Manchester. I'm city guy. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Sick. Yeah.


Dude. Is there a chance that we've met before? Years ago with Tommy in a gym? Where, where was the gym? No, I don't, I don't think so. In Manchester? I don't think so. No. Well, you went there doing what, what Was you training boxing. You tra you sparred with Tommy? No. You just, just about boxing at the time. He was, he was just a kid. Yeah. I mean we were all just, we all just kids. But I thought maybe you don't train, you train in Manchester, right? Yeah, I train with Tommy a lot. I train with Tommy a lot. I used to train. I don't train with him anymore, but I used to. I I have trained, I have trained with him in the past. You like, you liked? I liked, I I was in Saudi Arabia in Riyadh recently and I was in the gym head down, You know, it was probably jet lagged as shit. And it was like, You know, four in the afternoon.


I, and I saw like, You know when you're in the gym working out and you see two like burly dudes walk in and all of a sudden it's kind of like, yo, I'm on this machine right Now. Yeah. Like it turns into that thing. And so I was like pressing and I looked up and there's Tommy Fury because Tyson was fighting that weekend. Yeah. And you know, obviously we have internal Jake's his brother. Yeah. You know, he's the only guy that's beaten Jake. Is that accurate? Yeah. Right. So I didn't really know what to expect. Real nice guy. Oh, very nice. Stay super standup guy. Had a great conversation with him. He was extremely interested in UFOs. He wants the data. He wants to know what's going on with UFOs. Tell Him what you told me. Oh, he believes that he has, I hope this doesn't get me killed, but I he believes that he has some evidence of, of, of, of a ufo.


An activity. Yes. Tell him what he showed you. He showed me a city that at 40,000 plus feet in the sky, a a moving city that he took. That he took personally. How did he get up there? He Was in A plane. He was in an airplane. I, I believe, unless he found somewhere to create a bicycle that floats. Sounds Like a flat earth. Are you a flat earth? We, we have, we were up two of the biggest actually flat Earth deniers. Yeah. We're we're probably some of the, we're probably the most famous on the we ever movie about it. Yeah. Oh Really? We're the biggest threat to the flat earth theory ever. On the planet, on Flat Planet. If you ever get a chance and you want to ruin not only your knight, but your perception of both of us as individuals. Look up Logan Paul. Listen, we're on good terms at the way.


I don't wanna do It. Look up Logan Paul's flat Earth documentary. It is a, it's a work of, okay, We made a satire. We influence or we Like infiltrated Infiltrated the flat earth community In a major way. Okay. He was up on stage. There's A gathering of them. Really? Yeah. I was like, dude, there's this many fucking stupid people in one place. I gotta be one of 'em. Those People have got a lot of time on the hunt. I believe. I think I convinced them that my friend fell off the side of the flat earth. His name was p he had flat feet and couldn't Oh God. Keep balance. Yeah. I'm not watching that. They believe I'm not Watching it. Please do not watch it. Don't. But While we're on this, I do think it's important to give a PSA to Tommy Fury. 'cause Mike, Mike told me, he's like, dude, like Tommy showed me this picture. He took, Sorry, Tommy. If it was supposed to be Confidential, I don't give a fuck.


Confidential. Fuck Tommy. You gotta you gotta show us. Or him and him. We wanna see. I want to see it, bro. Like let's, we can put aside whatever fury Paul beef there is for a second. I want to see the city in this sky. 'cause the way Mike's describing it is like, insane, man. So when, When someone has beef with your brother, do you feel that as well? Or No? No. No. Not, not, not every time. It's, dude, I'll be honest with you, it's kind of tricky and it's been a rift in our relationship. Yeah. Because we're brothers love them to death. Like literally would die for this kid. We also have our own like separate paths.


Interests Yeah. Friendships, whatever. Businesses. Businesses. Like and, and like an example, I love Dana White in the UFCI always have, since we were 10, You know, couple years ago, Jake starts Yeah, I see Burning, burning that bridge. And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Shit. Like, am I included by default? Fuck Do I have to like, not like Dana, but that's like kind of going against like what's important to me. Yeah. Yeah. I have my whole career beef with KSI, we settled. It turns out we like each other. But am I supposed to like not like him? Just 'cause my brother doesn't and they've never really met either. Like I know they'd get along just like I would. And so it's like kind of Yeah. I Got it. And it's not just in that direction either. Like he, he signed with the brand that won't be mentioned.


A couple brands. I think that were competitive with your brand. We can, We can, we can do it Well, whatever. But post prime being created. Yeah. And so the thing that it comes down to is this is not like a normal like beef conversation. If his brother had beef, like real, like physical, someone's trying to hurt me. There's no question. Right. But when you get into this weird gray area Yeah. Where there's business involved, weird content. Jake Paul starting shit with people for content. Logan Paul starting shit with people for content. You can't always just forego all, all those relationships in the futures just to be on your brother's side, to be on your quote unquote brother's side. Got right. Got it, got it. And there are some people who agree with that take who are like, yo, that's your brother.


Abandon your billion Dollar business. What? And support your brother. And I'm like, but Idiotic dude. I don't, it's the dumbest thing ever. Doesn't feel like true to me. And I'm, I don't sometimes No, You don't have to explain that, Bro. I'm, this is your podcast Tom, and this was excellent. That's all right. This was Excellent, bro. Bro. Actually it was awesome. I want to say, dude, I'm so impressed by you. Oh, Thank you. Same. I appreciate not not that you need, need to be gased up. I appreciate it. I, I, I wasn't really sure what to expect. You are. You have way more depth than I think. Oh, Thank you. People would assume. And I think you're gonna do what you say you're gonna do, man. Thank you man. Best of luck to you bro. Go become the UFC heavyweight champion of The world. Thanks guys. I appreciate it. Tom Aspenall, ladies and gentlemen, We needed that good kick off to this.


Yeah, yeah, we did Hit that subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Peace.