
Every year, over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of them. I'm Carly Berryman. With Viva Vita, we bring virtual reality to older adults everywhere at home and in senior living communities. Our Ignite Startup grant in 2021 really helped us to expand and focus on our growth and launch the next version of our VR kit for older adults. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's PWC startups.com.


Ladies and gentlemen, it's XQC time your ex-girlfriend suing you for like $10 million. Are you going to give all of your money to your ex-girlfriend? Oh man. What do you think about that girl who got ran through by a hundred guys? Who? Yeah, she's going for a thousand Guys. She went through a thousand, 24 hours. How many pumps per guy? Okay, so you go to the Trump Stream with Aiden. I came to the Mar-a-Lago, and I looked Homeless. It Was disgusting, dude. How much money do you think you've lost Gambling? The losses is over million, right? Oh, look at this buck. Are we angled to watch this? Look At this buck on my trail. Cam suck. Look at this buck. Lemme see.


Oh my, yo, What's That? That's like a six pointer. That's hard. That's a six Pointer. That's an eight pointer brother. Eight pointer. That's an eight pointer. Nice spread on that Buck. That's almost as crazy as those big mouth bass. Look At, look at I. Got. What? Big mouth bass. Big mouth Bass Is that large mouth bass. He's got a pond. Look at, look at. Oh, we're not even rolling. Here we are. We're rolling. How do I show off my buck? Oh, Look at my buck. You lost a big buck. Yeah, bro. I'm gonna keep, I'm gonna this just in like he's roaming around, right? Now I. Wait until you see my buck. That's what I like to hear, brother. I'm gonna keep it a buck with both of y'all. Yeah. Cut the seriously. Alright, we're not talking about, we're not here to talk about deer. Go. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, it's x qc, a k, a Felix time.


I love that you've made yourself at home already. You look comfortable. And Pany. Yeah. I Oh, oh yeah. It's my people call it the drip. Can I say that on the camera? Of course. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Well, this soon actually in The podcast. Yeah, sure. We'll just mute it. Oh, we, we we're like rolling. Rolling, right? I think so. The show almost. It's over. I think It's safe. You say, I'm ready. Golden. How are You? Dude? What's up brother? I'm doing Vanessa. Yeah. Yeah, we, yeah, we just met. We just, I just got here. Yeah, we, so where are we? North Carolina, A haunted house that Jimmy MrBeast set up in North Carolina. Yeah. This is insane. I've never seen any like it before. Well's. Like a fake house. Like a house, but office to just, same time. There's, there's labels on the, on the light switches. Like, don't touch this, do this or whatever.


Mad, creepy vibes. It was a little spooky getting back here in the woods. We're here for speeds. Live stream. Hey, got a bunch of creators here. We're gonna go through this haunted house. They're telling me, they're telling me like, Hey, it's okay if you tap out. Like, sorry, we made this. Yeah, that's, see the depo. Me little bit on the edge. 'cause You know I already, I already know they're, they're going overboard with the tap, bro. It's gonna be, it's gonna be pc. I just don't think I can understand what, what would be that bad? Like, nothing's gonna be that bad. Well, you, You, I was talking to you about that haunted house that is in Tennessee. That crazy one that's like north of Nashville where you actually, they actually tased people and like what? It's Yeah. Water people have been tased, water boarded. Had their fingers broken. Yeah. Well, dude, it's a pleasure. We just, we just flew on the same plane here together and we've had to like stifle a few of our conversations because we, we wanted to save them for this podcast.


Yeah. It was like a like, like core conversation or butt into it. Stop it. Yeah. Yeah. We had to. But I, I respect that, that that's what I, I did the first time I did Ever did a podcast before. Yeah. I, that's important. So, dude, you're, you're huge. You're huge. You're one of the biggest Streamers in The world. And, and also you're, you're, you're insanely rich. You're insanely rich. I can't believe it. This the contract, It says you guys. No, bro. It's, you make the headlines. What do you have on today? That's nothing show. It's a, it's a ceramic AP black. I mean, it's something. Well, I like it 'cause it's a, it's a woman's right? So it fits my wrist perfectly. 'cause I Got, small little skeleton wrist. Have You, do you ever wear two wass? One on both On one Hr. What Why I do that have, What's, who's the last person that you flexed on? Like on, on You know when you do that thing where you, well, what was the most recent Jinxy?


Really? Yeah. You don't jinxy Of course, of course. Yeah. It makes RR six content. Yeah. Why did you do that? Because, okay, so the initial flex that happened right on, on Ethan Klein. You guys remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a, it was the perfect DM or whatever, right. And it was some cringe shit. I've remember that. But it was, it was made to be that way and people won't believe that, but it's whatever. Right. It was made to be like cringe on purpose. Right. But when he leaks it to the public, it doesn't appear that way. Does that make sense? Yeah. Mm. And at that point, I was like, I'm too far into the, into this, into this gig or whatever. Right? So I just started pushing it. So it's like, What, what watch was it? That was Skelton Rainbow AP Amazing. I love that one. What's the MSRP on it?


It's not that much. Oh, actually there's none. You can't buy it. There's no MSRP. Yeah. It's, but what's the, After what'd, what'd you pay for it? Three something. Oh, so not even that much. Yeah, it's not, it's not in the millions. Oh. I can't, I can tell you if it was troll or Not. Well, but to, to that point, do you think that the internet has a hard time understanding sarcasm? Like you just said, you did, you do the flex thing, but it's like sarcastic. Yeah. Yeah. But have you noticed that nuance is tough for the audience? Yeah. Yeah. But at the same time, sometimes I'm stupid. Right? And I'm mad that people aren't like, catching on. So then I'll act, I'll, I'll do it. Hmm. Does that make sense? Yeah. No. Like, like I'll feed them a little bit. Right. Like actual pieces of a reel and whatever. Bread breadcrumb.


Yeah. And then now we can't tell if it's real or not. So then people just say it's real. See, That doesn't work for us. 'cause our clips will get shared to Twitter outta context. And people think we're serious. Especially him. Yes. I I point it doesn't matter anymore. Right. At that point. It's true for all. It's just, we, you, you gotta be careful. Like, I think sarcasm is slowly, like, one of my favorite sayings is perhaps if you don't get the joke, you are the joke. Oh, Because, because man, we we're, we're assholes. So everybody's a joke, Bro. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, ev Everything is a joke. Every, I mean, that's how I look at Yeah. It's not how everybody looks at things. Okay. So that, that's how it should be. I thinking Just like joke first, like, is is this, could this be serious? Yeah. Yeah. And then I'll make my judgment. Sure. But people don't have that. Yeah. They don't let the joke play out anymore.


No. They just automate, assume the, the worst. It makes it boring instantly. Strange Time, strange times. Especially for someone who is in a industry like yours. Like your, you're live streaming, right? So like you're bound to slip up at some point. No. Well, It depends. Slipping up on what, right. Slipping up can be. Like if, if it's like a part of you that's already there. Right. So, but slipping up. Yeah. Right. But for me, like, it's like a lot, a lot of the ways that people slip up and it's not something that I have. And I don I don another way. Worried about it. You know. You haven't slipped up. I've Done, I've I've done drunk streams. I've done, I'm like half asleep streams. I'm all, I've never had like a Yeah, But part of, yeah. But part of that is because you, you prefaced your career and have always been who you wanna be.


Like you, you're not, you're not a G rated streamer. So the shit that you say is even when you fuck up is in line with kind of an, an asshole. It's like, I do what I want. Type of vibe. Exactly. I think, I think the worst it'll be is like, it'll be like asshole ish or whatever, right. It'll be kind of like crude or whatever, but I don't think it's gonna be offensive or whatever. I, or I've always tried not to be, you know, because sometimes, like why, why bother? I think it's like a zone that's like, you don't have to dip into sometimes. Right. And like, I, you know, like dark humor is gonna have something that you, like comedians like work hard to, to develop whatever. Right. I'm not, I'm just some guy in a room, You know, I can't pull that off, you know? Well, you're more than just a guy because you've been like, since 2020. One of the biggest streamers in The world. And I guess like a macro question on that is, why do you think streaming has gotten so big?


I, the way we talk about it nowadays is streamers, it's, we're in a streamer first environment. YouTube has kind of taken a bit of a slide. TikTok has been kind of stupefied, like You know, shout to Costco guys and Grizzler. But like, boom, you know, I think, I think streaming kind of runs the culture right now. Why, why do you think streamers become so popular? It's a good question. I, I like that a lot. So I think it's, it kind of folded on itself. Let me, let me elaborate. It's like, I think a lot of the content went, went to shorts, right? So small, short, short format content. Like TikTok, 10 seconds, nine, nine seconds, More like into clips. And then people reverse engineered it and now they're kind of like doing clips on stream.


Does that make sense? So now the streams are More like digestible than Is that far? Are you Talking about farming? Yeah. Like farming. Yeah. But, but it's just, it's made to to be clips, right? And it's like, people do things that will foster clips a lot and like, just kinda like moments. Does that make sense? Because Is that what clip farming is in general? I know that's a boomer ass Question. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's making sure that you get like a, a moment that will make people react. You know, it's Like their version of like clickbait, basically. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Okay. It's like, like, it's not the same thing, but, but it's like what they go after and they plan their streams around these farming moments. At least some streaming. Mm. You, you don't have to because you're legacy in the streaming world. You're a legacy brand. You, yeah. Aiden, some of these guys that have been streaming since the beginning, but clip farming for the rest of, like, for the new phase crew.


Shout out the new phase crew. Like, it's a big thing, right? Like, do you do It at all? Yeah. So all two things, right? Well, either you want it or you need it. I think, I think both are, both are equally important to like, kinda identify, right? I'm at a point where I don't, like, I don't need to follow some of these, some of these trends or, or whatever. I'll, sometimes I'll wanna do it 'cause it is You know, this looks fun, I'll do it. Right. Whatever. Right. I forgot the word. What was the question? I have a question. I have a question. Nice. This doesn't mean to be offensive at all. So, so I've, I've been doing the, the YouTube just internet stuff for like literally two decades now. 10, 10 years professionally. And I've, I've seen the evolution of like, all of it. Yeah. Including You know my come up, which was on Vine.


And then, and then eventually by the time I was doing YouTube streaming started to come on a rise. And, and, and I tried to stream and it was really fucking hard. It's so hard. Then I came to the conclusion, I was like, why would anyone watch me? Why would anyone watch me, me stream? Like, I, I'd rather actually like you guys go out and live your own life. So, so why do people watch your streams in your opinion? Yeah. So I think, I think then right from what your mindset then it's not, it's not mindset that, that's terribly uncommon in a space. It's like imposter syndrome, right? We don't feel like you deserve to be watched. It's like 'cause Well, no, No, no. I hear what you're saying. We sucked at Fortnite. We were trying to play Fortnite. I Oh no. Shit. It was shit. It was total shit. We were shit. Okay. So I've never really looked at myself in like the, the, the people's eyes.


Right. More of like how I do it. Right. And it's like, if, if you are in love with what you do or what I, what I did at the time and you're very passionate about it, don don't think I really had it. I needed that perspective of what are people watching, right? I'm enjoying what I'm doing. I'm enjoying the energy that's going out and people are giving me energy back. And that sort of trade off is working for me. And it seems like it's working for the stream, so let's just not think about it. Let's Just do it. That's, that is so interesting. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. Of course. Of course. It makes sense. I'm just, I'm just always trying to break down like, like how people got to the positions that they're in and, and you obviously have something that people love watching and perhaps it is like, You know, you're, you're giving all this energy and, and, and, and that, that's a currency. And and I can, I can only speak as like a viewer or, or put my head in, in a viewer's perspective.


Like, I will watch speeds over there. I will, I will watch his streams from time to time. Like I'll, I'll tune in. Yeah. And, and see him doing his crazy shit. 'cause like, in my opinion, oh, definitely. He's doing the IRL streaming, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like he, he like, I don't know what's gonna happen next. Exactly. Exactly That. That's IL So make sure you're talking about the difference between desktop and IRL, Right? Yeah. Like IIRL that's what it is. You're, you're, you're Strictly desktop, right? Oh, I, I'll, I'll do whatever. Right? I, I think I, I'll do pretty good at IRLI. I try, I try do IL sometimes I think I'm good at it. I think IRL for me in the past just fosters like a, like an audience and fosters interactions that I found to be like undesirable. Does that make sense? Like, Like, like how, And it was gonna, okay, callers, snipers, swatters pair, socials, audience people that are just kinda odd.


So whenever you go from IRL to streaming to computer right, that audience stays over. Right. And they're really pesky. Just don don't wanna be disrespectful or whatever, but it's just, they're very passive, they're very needy, right? Oh, why aren't you doing this? Why aren't you doing that? Oh, this is happening. Why aren't you doing this? Hey guys, today we're just playing games. Like it is what it is. Like, yeah, sorry. But I, I feel like one of the keys to, or one of the keys to like the secret sauce of speed is like he's turned all those interactions into positives. Like every one of those people that would come up and annoy him or bother him or surround him or cause a security problem, he's turned all of that into content. He's found a way to like do that. And also I would ask you, like, you still like, and we see it all the time, you still run into security con like concerns even at the desktop.


Like how many times have you been swatted? Yeah. Yeah. In, in dozens. Dozens, dozens. Have any of them gotten like bad? There was a really, there was some really bad instances. I mean, a lot of 'em were off camera because listen, I'm not trying to like police everybody. Right. But I think that they, so I, that was, that wasn't on The world or whatever. I'm, I'm not trying to, Sorry, I'm not trying to please anybody. But at the time it was actually dangerous. So it was my responsibility to not show that it was happening right. On camera and, and, and really do a good job at like, oh, a fake disconnect or, or, oh, this is happening. I gotta get, get off screen or whatever and not, not show people that a swatting is happening.


Right. So people would stop doing it. Right. I wasn't trying to like dramatize it or get views off of it. I was just like, we were full mute about it. Right. Because like when people come in with like the, like the riot shields and then like the breach shield or whatever, the dogs, the, the air, the guns, the, like the, the backyard people. Like the, and it's the whole coordinated, like, it's insane. Like you feel like you, you, you could actually die You know. Yeah. And that's like, and that's not a feel If it was like kind of a whatever thing. Nah, it'd be whatever. That's not a whatever thing. Nah, He won't Stop it. What What is it? Stop it. Nah, he won't got scream Snipes. Damn. Damn. I thought I thought he was gonna do it.


Do one though. I didn't see Box and gloves on. Yeah, well Is it coming back. Oh, I, I think, I think sec I think security's a a big thing. What? Damn. That was a, if if you were gonna do it. That was just, that was a small one. Yeah, it was a small far, I can really cut ass Security seems crazy. Like, like dude, if I, if IIRL streamed, I feel like people would've brought up on me for real. Like, yeah, that's bad. Once you have too many ops, you gotta cut that shit Out. Yeah. That's, yeah. That's pretty crazy. But, but I didn't really have any like actual ops. It was like only a couple guys I used to swap whatever. So it, it is not a problem. I think it's more of an excuse. I get myself like the, like all these things not to do. I-R-L-I-L is like a, it is like massive efforts.


Right? IRL Stands for in real life Correct. For people what we're talking about. Yeah. So IRL is like, you're going outside it with a either a phone or a, a backpack. Right. And you're filming something in real life right. From either your POV or you're being filmed, whatever. Right. Do you think it's, do you think it's a new meta right now? So Ira always had metas from when, so Twitch used to be only gaming a beg. It is a be of people forget this. Used to get banned for not playing a game on Twitch. Oh Really? Yeah. That's insane. So people had to invent strategies just to remain in a, in a, in a gaming setting. Right. And still be like more interactive and more social. Got it. So like soda pop really thrived in the like, questing girls in the Wow.


Content. So he would like talk to girls or whatever while he's playing Wow. In the background. But wow was like, nobody's watching the game at that point. Right. He was just, but I forgot the question again. How does That happen to you? A lot. Yeah. I was, because I, I go on, on a train of thought and it's like, do you have a DHD Or something? No. A DD Well, I do kind of. Not really anymore. I don't know what happened anymore. I I haven't taken out of that test in alone in a long time. 'cause you, you Talk fast as well and you have an accent. Yeah. I enjoy it. Do do. I've noticed that too. Like, my, my thoughts at one point in my life worked like that, but I think there's just too much drugs and stuff and they slowed down. Yeah. Oh. But do you find yourself able to like piece, do, do you often lose your way on the journey to the final goal of what you were trying to say?


Yeah, but I, I think it's fun though. 'cause you just go somewhere else instead. Yeah, it's fun. I, I think, I think all plays are, are of value. you know,


ladies And gentlemen, summer is winding down, but the concerts are still hot. So it's time to see your favorite artists and go to the biggest events. And that's why I need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor. SeatGeek. Everyone can use my code Logan 10 and get 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not. Sports, concerts, festivals, you name it. There are so many artists touring right now, including Billie Eilish, Sabrina Carpenter, future Childish Gambino and SeatGeek has you covered. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green means good. Red means bad. Every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And SeatGeek is the only site that lets you return your tickets ahead of the event with swaps. So no matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before Logan 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code Logan 10 to your account. Whatcha waiting for? Hey, do it now. Because this offer is only available for a limited time. Shout out SeatGeek back to the show.


Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of 'em, I'm Ross Osborne with phase two. Our business is cybersecurity and identity services, but our mission is helping veterans and their families navigate into their second phase of life. Prince William economic development connected us with local partners and they truly helped us grow while maintaining our mission focus. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.


The thing with I, with IRL is that the, there was metas in how I RL was being done, right? So at first it was the Pokemon Go Meta, right? That was the, that was the, that was the biggest break in IRL ever. That's what really made it happen. After that Twitch caved in and said, okay, we'll do IRL and then people did a, a backpack with a little camera. Yeah. And then now people do the, like either the phone thing or somebody records them, right. I'm kinda old school. I really, really enjoy like my own POV thing. Like I, I really enjoyed back in days my IL what I thrived in was like, I'm just gonna, today I'm, I'm just gonna go outside and we'll do whatever. don don't have a plan. I don't want anything scripted or whatever. Whatever happens, happens. And it's my POV and it's, it's fun.


And it, it, it didn't feel like a studio. It t feel like I'm being filmed. It didn't feel, it didn't feel like, oh, I have to do this. It feels like I wanna do this You know. And it was very pure. And I feel like since I had that level of purity, now it's like, if I do IRL anything that isn't that, it just doesn't feel right. Does that make sense? Do you, do you, do you think that those like, just go out and do anything Streams will continue to hold up? Because the thing that we're seeing now is this like, new age of like almost overproduction the same thing that happened with YouTube with Beast. It's literally the same thing. Like Beast came around and was like, yo, I'm gonna spend movie size budgets on these YouTube videos. You're now seeing it with Kai, right? Yeah. Kai is, Kai is, yeah. But we're not building out houses fully There yet.


What do you mean? I Just don't know if we're fully there yet. Like, We're ge we're getting there for Sure. Dude, high streams are insane. Yeah. So like, so like, Is it out. Do you think everyone's gonna have really, there's outliers or do you think it's gonna require everyone to step their game up? No. Outliers. So I think there at the foundation, the, the audience for people who watch games has reduced a little bit, right? 'cause it kind of like it cannibalizes. That makes sense, right? Yeah. So some of them like transition to watch IRL but it's still there. Like a lot of people like just watch games and watch, watch whatever, right? Don don't think you have to do all that. I think people unfortunately think, they think they see Kai, they see all the other guys and they think I have to do this right.


But here's a good case study for this, right? KC you guys know KC? Yeah. Yeah. So that guy does the exact formula of old school streaming and he's one of the biggest one now. Yeah. If not the biggest desktop streamer. Yeah. Right. So I think he, he shows that if you still farm your clips on, on, on TikTok, if you still upload properly, if you do, you strategize your content properly, you can still do the content that you used to do and still thrive. Got it. Right. Because that people are just deluding themselves. I, Got, the farm thing I gotta do, I gotta do Woo. Now They Don't have to. Now you're also on Kick, which for people watching this, if they don't understand like the platform wars that have been going on Kick is kind of like the new guy at the party, main competitor for Twitch besides YouTube.


Yeah. Kick has been under a little bit of fire. Like, or You know over the, over its early inception because they allow you to do kind of Yeah. Anything you want, right? Yeah. And now they're, that's even starting to change a little bit. As You know, you're seeing guys like Zy who just got banned. He was in a, he was in a, what? He punched his assistant in the head or something today. Do like, do do you ever worry about, about how far things go and like, do, do you ever worry about like the, the danger attached to the people on Kick? You know what, I'm, I'm gonna be bull by this. I'm gonna say not really. This is not even like a, like a PR talk. 'cause we had those discussions in like, like round table discussions before where like, like council discussions, like way like months.


I think it was like six months ago maybe more. And, and we really put our foot down on the ground and we're like, listen, like this cannot fly anymore. Right? Wait, are you talking at like a, like a partner level at Kick for Sure? Are you a partner at kick Owner level, right? Is that Yeah. Like are you an owner of Kick? Well, I mean there's a few of us are like co-owners, right? It's a small amount of equity. Right. But it's, it's, we're all like, Oh, oh, so you you own a piece of kick Yeah. On top of your a hundred million dollar deal. Yeah. So like, Hey, good job, Man. But, but See this is what I think about like, being, being invested in what you do. Right. And really saying like, like, I want this to do good. Right. It's like putting all your energy into it. Right. And being fully committed.


I think that that's it. That was kinda important for me. Does that make sense? Like I I, I I'm all in on this, right? So we put our foot down and we're like, this can't fly anymore. Mm. Right. And I think you need to decide Whether, you wanna be like the, the, the trash you went on the block and do that. Right. Or wanna have like a more refined product and actually have a chance at doing something. Right. And I think he was only me. I think Eddie understood Eddie being the main, main shareholder at Kick. At first it was very rough. It was, it was really rough with some of the ice side and stuff, some of the whatever. And then it was off the, off the rails. And they've been doing really, really good on moderation. We've, we've, we've had some clips here and there, right.


Of people that do bad things and they get banned. But Moderation's been like, they're, they're on the ball. They have the hand on the ball. And we haven't had any controversies in, in months now. Like, Like who's, like, who's the dude that was running around What? is it Korea? Johnny, Johnny. Oh, Johnny. So Somali. Somali, like bro, some of these people just, yeah. Cause fucking hat. Did you ever see this kid before? No. Yeah. One of Ruckus. He was just going around just like really causing trouble in he shot. What Is wrong With that guy? Well, they started beating his fucking ass. I saw that. So just recently they start, now they're targeting him. He's doing some un some unhinged stuff. And I, I think the, the main thing is like removing all the, the violence and like the, the, the people doing like actual ba on cake.


That was Yeah. But I feel like that's like, I feel like that's like one in one with the streaming product. Like, like, forgive me if I'm wrong, but it seems like streaming, like the whole goal now is to just, is to just push the envelope in some direction. Like I said, you have, you have the Kais, you've got the speeds that are doing stuff that like, oh my God, everybody loves this stuff. It's so great to watch. But you've got this whole subset, Fozzy dougherty Just like delinquent dude, Just Like, like proper delinquents that when clipped from kick or whatever livestream platform they're using Yeah. And put on regular social media where, where non stream viewers watch. They're like, yo, these kids are fucking assholes. And they're playing the heel too.


I don Are. Which, which, which I get, but it, it, it certainly, there's a stigma that that exists with streamers. Like, 'cause dude, there are some people in The world that only know streamers because Jack Dougherty was texting and driving the rain Yep. And crashes McLaren and then made his cameraman film all of it. Yep. It's, it's, it could be a bad look. So I kept saying that in the past, like, we're gonna have something that's gonna bridge the bubble. Right. Something's gonna happen. And I'm not trying to like make ma materialize it or whatever. Right. But like, I, I feel like people are pushing and pushing and pushing and somebody's gonna get some pushback. Right. And we're seeing some form of pushbacks, like a, a car rash, somebody, somebody getting targeted and somebody like being beaten. Like people are putting the boundaries and trying to see how far it gets.


Right. And now we're seeing like some of the, what happens when we push the limits, right? Like the pushback that you get. And it's not, it's not, it's not a good thing. I don't think anybody wants this. 'cause it's like, how about we just do better? I I I don't think I understand how you haven't let, like the success, the views, the money get to your head and you haven't slipped up. Like can, can you, can you walk me through that? Because a lot of your peers and like I, I'll even speak from experience, man, like v views do something to your moral compass. Like they really do. And especially when you start chasing them and it, it's a, it's a drug in a way. It, it can really alter the course of your life if you don't get ahead of it. Yeah. I Got, you I Got simplest answer in The world, a good amount of like one luck, right.


And like blind, like confidence in what I was doing. So whenever I had the model down of like, if I'm enjoying what I'm doing, people enjoy it. Right? So I didn't have to look at the stats. I didn't have to look at, at at, at the, the, the sub council, whatever. I didn't have to look at any, any metrics. Right. I noticed that if I'm having fun and I'm doing something that I enjoy, people enjoy it. Wow. Right. And then that was like a very, like a parallel line. Right. And at that point, that was very, very early. Like my first, I think it was two years in, I think I was not even a thousand subs. Mm. And I, I went hands off, hands off the, off the reins. I, I I was like, I'm doing this no matter what. Like this, this is, this is formula. This is what we're doing.


And I've had di I'm not, people always said that I'm, I'm lying. I have don don't have viewer account on ever. So whenever I'm swimming, it's, I have the chat, I have my alerts and whatever I'm doing. You right. So you're, you're saying you would be completely unaffected by how many people are watching your stream? Yeah. Some people, some people will like hint that stuff or whatever in chat, right? Oh, things are high, things are popping or, or, or things are, things are that things whatever. Yeah. It doesn't matter, right? Because at the end of the day, I control the energy, right. If if, if I'm the master of the orchestra and I'm the one that's putting the energy out right? I'm somehow modulating the energy back. Okay. So, but that's an, that's still like a pretty evolved thought like dude to to, to have that conversation with yourself.


Like some may call it self-awareness. Yeah. As a young creator Is it. I don't think that's like super normal. It's Why it's, it's why it is why I say it was lucky. Because that's an, it's not, it's not the luck that a lot of people, people get because a lot of people do try stuff. Mm. And they don't get that energy back. Mm. Right. And they try something else, doesn't get energy until they, they find something that works and then they do that. Right. But it's kind of synthetic in that, in that. Does that make sense? Yeah. A good example ironically is, is is Mike's favorite creators currently the Costco guys? Oh yeah. Like man, cost You know it's, yeah. And that's a big, I Love, I love the Grizzler. I'm his number one fan. I mean, just, but, but, but, but I, I'm watching Well, what I just saw the, hold on quickly. Tim Dylan really, really said it best.


It's like, it's like, it, it almost just seems like such a good emblem for the, the complete decay of society. Like where he, like Tim said, where do we go next? Like what is, he said what does act I'll you I'll tell you. Look, tell You in, in one regard though. In what regard? Well, bro, bro, me and Logan had a conversation last night. We were, it was like two in the morning. We were sitting on the couch having this conversation and I said, at what point do you think the majority of the earth stopped caring about the further progression of the human species? Because we're at a point now. Mm. Where, where there has been, there has been millions more hours devoted to digesting cost, double chunk, chocolate cookie content.


Stay it Right. Michael, Over The past two months then there has been pushing for evolution on climate or, or, or, or better fossil. Well, who Cares? Evolution on climate. Would that I hear what you're, I hear what you're saying, but let's be serious for But Is it is Jayden Smith. No, no. When don't We can talk about the economy, something like that. The politic Yeah. The Political, whatever. But, but my question is like, when, when have we reached terminal velocity? Like which act will it be that we've reached terminal velocity on the decay of humans? Mm. Is it, the Costco. Do you think the Costco guys are the marker You know what the, or how Does it get worse? I feel like the existence of TikTok itself and the people that just, I think TikTok itself, I think short form content is brain rocked by itself.


Brain. How dare you. It is. How dare you? Well, oh, you're the V guy. Come on bro. Yeah. Yeah. I forgot he's the vine guy. Come on bro. How dare you. So I used to watch his v six seconds at A time. Well, you're you're right though. And it certainly can be, but you know why it's 'cause our attention spans are so short now and getting shorter. Well, well, exactly. That's what his, his niece, 2-year-old came over to the place we were at. And Coco Melon was put on the tv. I seen a glaze go over her eyes. She's two years old and, and there's a new scene every five to 10 seconds. You know from being conditioned at a young age like that, I feel like attention spans are gonna go down, down, down, down, down. Which means short form content will go up.


Yeah, yeah, exactly. Because no one has Two minutes to watch a video. Well, exactly. And it and it, it only gets worse, right? Yeah. Un until some, until something happens. Yeah. And what is that What? is it, what is the something Well, well, Don, don't I Well, don Don't the Sam's Club guys. No, they already exist. I think there's a whole, isn't there like a whole Sam's Club group too? Well, I, I don't know what Sam's Club is. It's a competitor. Costco. It's like lunch rolls Lunchy basically. Yeah. Yeah. Even though there's no competition, All the Costco guys, but it's something else. Yeah. Well there's always gonna be cubby cats, right? Yeah. There's always gonna be people that, that, that emulate. And I think that's what TikTok is. Everybody emulates the sex of some something else. It's, it's trends, right? I mean, people Steal like an artist. Yeah. Prime isn't the first drink, but it's a great, have you tried he he drinks like five of these a day.


He'll drink like five of these in like a one hour set. Well, I'm Jimmy Ty. I was gonna ask you like Try one. Yeah. I mean, he could drink. I tried the other one. I didn't. I see what you're doing, Mike. I, Well, well I liked, I liked some some, but I didn't like some, some either. It depends though. Well, Yeah, that's, that's, you have Favorite flavors. Yeah. Favorite flavors. That's completely for Sure. Yeah. It's totally acceptable. Do how many, how many are you drinking on average now these days, Logan? Yeah. I, I'll drink, I'll drink at least minimum two a day. And I know that, that, that's been contested. And I'm, I, I'll be honest, I'm not really in the mood to do this fully, but I'll do it. I'll do it. Hey, can somebody gimme four more


Every year over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of them. I'm Ross Dunlap with Series Nano Sciences. We make unique particles for diagnostic testing, including a wastewater surveillance product that's helping protect against future pandemics. We started in the Prince William Science accelerator and the county has been a key partner in supporting our expansion and growth. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's pwc startups.com.


Are these Jorge, can you grab me four more of these, please. Oh, easy, easy can do it. He he is gonna do it again. The streamer World Is it small. Like do all streamers know of each other? And is there, is there beef? Do you guys get along? Do you normally The problem with Streamers, okay. Is that like the, the main currency is like confidence, right? And as soon as like somebody's confidence goes lower or like they, they can like What is it in Insecure for like half a sec? Is he okay? I join him?


Yeah. Mine's not empty. You, You just did three. Mike, look. Mike, you look okay. Wait, wait, wait, Wait. What? Okay, sorry. What were you saying? Talk about That's a lot. I wasn't gonna say anything. Oh yeah. I was like, the way interpret it is that it's really hard to have actual full on friendships right. With like peers. Mm. Right. Like when people become like insecure or lack confidence or whatever Right. And people poke at them or whatever, they'll say some shit. It happens all the time. Okay. But I don't understand that that because there's a, a streamer named Ludwig, I met him for the first time in Mr.


Mr. Beast's influencer box challenge. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Million dollars. And, you know, between the challenges we're all conversing getting to know each other. I thought this dude was like actually like funny, but I could tell he like wasn't really fucking with me. And then I, I talked to him in the, in the box and I was like, Hey, like what do you do not to be a dick? I'm not familiar with the work. I I think you're funny. He's like, yeah, You know I make like streaming like commentary videos and I there's a few on you. And like it all clicked instantly. I was like, oh man. Oh, he farms you. I think don don't think this guy, fuck. I I think he, I'm like content for him and whatever. You know. Like, at, at least when you meet someone in real life, you have an opportunity to then make a, like an actual assessment about them.


Yep. And I don't think anything I I I did in, in, in the Box. Like, like really was like a red flag for anyone. You know I online. That's a, that's a totally different story. Different thing. Yeah. So dude, I go, I go online the other day and I see this dude Ludwig preaching to his audience about how I don't actually drink Prime. And by the way, this is a narrative that like, wait, actually, or Yeah, no, it's people, people really try to, to, to start this. Yeah. This belief that I don't drink Bri. 'cause and he was saying that like in context, like full on he was saying that you don't Actually drink it. Well here's the context he gave, which lacked context, but enough context to get people to believe him so he could get the clip ready.


Oh no. Okay. In in in the Box video, I walked in with a prime. Obviously it's a MrBeast video, it's gonna get 250 million views. I want people to see my product. Yeah. You know bro. Always plug from day one. Yeah, I saw that. Always plug. And I drank the prime in the first You know whatever, 30 minutes, hour, whatever. I remember. And Jimmy's team was bringing water bottles to drink. That was what they brought us to drink. So my options were drink out of the water bottle and throw the prime out or pour the water in the prime. So I at least am still marketing my product in a MrBeast video, but there's water inside it. Fair enough. So, and by the way, That's a no brainer. It's a no brainer. Course's Elementary marketing. Yes. Elementary marketing.


But it fits that Logan doesn't even drink his own product narrative perfectly. That people hate me. Love to say. Oh wait, so They were this dissecting like the color of the Liquid inside of the, so, so evidently, oh no. In one of the challenges, he admitted that he went to go cheat because it was the cookie challenge from Squid games. The cookie challenge, squid games. So bro, he goes, yeah, I'm a cheater. Of course I'm a cheater. I went to go cheat and I went to go take a sip of Logan's Prime. And he goes, but in it was water. Wait, why would that be cheating if he, if he drank it, I'll, I'll, I'll get it big. Well, you know, it was the cookie challenge. So like you're supposed to have a lot of saliva Yeah. To melt the cookie so you can carve out your cookie. Right. Okay. Like the same exact challenge That was in Squid games. In Squid games. Yeah. He was trying to, he was trying to wet his mouth and he goes and there was water and it, and it was water.


'cause I filled it with water so I could plug my product in MrBeast video. Yeah. That's such a good plug though. 'cause he went For hydration and he went for Prim and not water. Hold on, hold on. No, no, no. But, but yeah, I get it. Regardless. It was, but for him, at least on his stream, this is a mic drop moment. Right. So was audience just like, ah, I, I I it's a gotcha. I see I seen it already shared and all these other videos. I'm like, fuck bro. Of course I'm gonna go on here and explain like, this is how to market a product, but no one understands that. And then I'm like, even we went head to head in deal or no deal. And the first thing he said to me, he was like, You know, I thought you were one of the people that I would want to get out. And I'm like, damn. All right. So let's, let's next dissect this. Actually, I'm gonna dive in here for a second.


Rosanna and Dog Pack style. In the same way that by trying to expose someone else, they ended up exposing themselves. This dude Ludwig accused me of cheating in this game, accused me of rigging MrBeast Challenge. Said I knew the challenges ahead of time. I didn't, anyways. Yeah. He accused me of cheating. And then in this clip admits to fucking cheating. He admits to cheating, bro. I'm sorry. There's a million dollars on the line. This isn't like a normal game. Mm. Like you, if if imagine if he went to cheat in the actual squid games, what would happen? Yeah. You get your ass actually fucking capped, bro. Bro. So not only are you a hypocrite, and I had to explain to him in the game, 'cause he told me, he's like, man, I I I thought you rigged this for Sure.


I'm like, why did, why did you think that? 'cause I was doing Well why did you think that? Because you have this bias against me. Understand when you, when we walked in the box and then he exposed himself for cheating. Well also, here's the craziest part in that particular challenge, he didn't even have to cheat. He was the team captain. He had immunity. If anyone remembers this challenge, he was already going, he was making it to the next run. He threw me up. He threw me up. I I understand that. I, I'm, I'm loud. But he did even have to cheat, bro. He had immunity. So homie, who are you cheating for? Guy. Okay. And also, also, I'm sorry bro. I'm gonna let you talk. I was in the box with you Ludwig for 36 hours, bro.


You saw me drink Prime afterwards. You a lot of it. A lot of it. And yet you have the audacity to genuinely go in front of your audience to try to convince them that I don't drink my product, which is an awesome fucking product. And then of course at the end of it, he goes, see with me, I really drink Bread Bull. I love it. His sponsor. Oh, he's, I really drink. I'm like, bro, if you, he compared to Prime Red Bull tastes like actual gasoline. And so he talks shit about me. He lies, he's a hypocrite. He cl he farms his clips. And now people believe this thing. And it's, it's just so annoying to me. 'cause like why do you care? Why do you care? I'll tell you why. No, I'll tell you why. Because I hate, I hate liars.


But you're never gonna, you're never to able make lie. Make it Stop. You're never gonna Be able to make it stop. No. Yes I can. Yes I can. In fact, and in fact, the next time somebody smaller than you sees a video of you flipping out on, on him, they're gonna now be justified in doing it again. Yeah. Like every time you address this shit. And guess what bro? You also can never win. You can't win. I can win. Mike. You can't win, bro. I can Win. You can't. Well You're, you just got owned by fucking Timmy in it. You got fucking owned by. I did it by this one. Now I. Damn. So like, so what I'm trying to say is you can't Don don't think, don don't, bro, in this particular scenario, look, I'll take an L. When we got an L this particular scenario, he, he's a fucking hypocrite, lying Blockhead beta bitch, bro. Like why are you making shit up?


I even, I tried so hard. I tried So hard to like this guy and I'm not the only one who left thinking that dude's kind of a fucking douche bag. But I'm gonna mind my business. Well, Okay, so let me, okay, well listen, I can read people a little bit and Ludwig, I, I, I worked with him, I lived with him. I've hung out with him, I've played with him. I live with him with Ludwig. Right? He was actually a pretty close, close friend. Close friend of mine at the time. Well he kinda steal is we just don't talk anymore because I don't, I don't live there and we don't really interact that much. But the thing with Ludwig, I'm, I'm not just saying you, this is not a cope or like not me that's trying to make you feel better about yourself. I'm just telling you like, the thing with Ludwig, and I always say this publicly and don don't mind, don don't think he minds I say that 'cause he iss never been mad about me saying it.


Right. But Ludwig is like a big, he's like a big PR guy, right? His take has to be correct. Right? He's never very controversial. If his, if his take is, if his take is controversial, he doesn't say it right? He, he just plays the, the, the, the best card available at, at, at the current And the best card available at any time is always Logan Logan Paul hate Logan Paul. That is the easiest Of course that is the most guaranteed positive pr. Absolutely. Yeah. I think the problem he's been having lately, and I also hate, I also hate this as well, is, is, is having to have these real human prolonged interactions with these people where you go back and forth, you help them like Tim me in it. You fucking do, you know, you do this thing, you do that thing for the person.


You give 'em the benefit of the doubt, you're nice to 'em in person, and then they go and they stab You as soon as as they can get something Immediately. That sucks because, because because guess what happens now that gives him two options. The next time he runs into an up and coming creator, he can either A, continue to be nice and get stabbed in the back again. Or B he could be like, yo, fuck you. I'm not even gonna you the time of day. Which he won't do. I'll never do that. But he be justified in doing it because he always gets, he always gets stabbed by these people that lie, lie to his face. Well, In, in that particular instance, I'm, I'm just telling you, it's just a, it's just like you, your standings are certain way, right. That's like a, a a blow that listen, most people agree with it, right? And it's like he's gonna go for it.


Right? But yo, to me that's so fucking lame. Yeah, that is so lame. Like I, I'm a I'm in your, in that, in that thought, right? I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I've I've always said this, I've always been very vocal about it, right? don don't like people who do that. Right. I'm not a fan of it. Because at the end of the day, you can have your own opinion and you can know like the, the context. You can make your own research and you can really have all the data, right? And be like, well you know what, wait, this isn't wrong. Right? But is that gonna gimme approval? Is that gonna gimme validation? So, so I'm not gonna do that then. Okay. But that's even evolved because I think for a lot of these like commentary streamers, they, that they'll say what their audience wants them to say because it's the general belief.


Absolutely. a hundred percent. But that's So it's lame, bro. I'm telling you, I've, I've met these people in real life. There's real life exchanges. What does the next real life exchange like? It's not gonna be cool. Yeah, but you Yeah, but that we ain't cool. Now I. Yeah, but they're not concerned with it. I've get it. I extended the olive branch and now I'm taking it away. No, But they don't care. You're a, you're a means of to an end, to a goal for them. Shit. Shitting on you is a route to viewership is a route to engagement, is a route to money, is a route to all the things that they look for in their career. So, so at the end of the day, like who technically, like who are you to say like, the fuck up thing about it is you just gave him more content. He's reacting To this clip. No, right now. And by the way, I, he's reacting to this More, like he's watching this clip.


Happy to do it. Right. Now I. And I'm more than happy to throw him that bone like I am. Like, bro, get that view spike. I I I get it. Like your career is your career and, and, and you're gonna do what you want with it. But at least I think the people who watch that and believe it will have to go, wait a second, Ludwig just lied to all of us. And he's a hypocrite. Yeah, But they don't do that though. They're not, How could they not? It's all Because, oh, it's still Up to their interpretation. He didn't, he didn't know what There's no, there is zero interpretation. Well, I I can prove all of it. Every dude Proof is not real anymore. No, it Is. 'cause green, I green screen motherfuckers. 'cause I do this all receipts. I literally do this for a living. Now I am the receipt Don.


Yeah. We just found a fucking grocery store that someone was lying about. Literally F fda a recalls with a, can you prove I saw that. I saw that with a photo of a belly for that pretty well done. But I'm saying, can you, can you prove that you put water in there because it ran out and it blah, blah, blah. Can you prove I can, I think I did it in front of someone. It's all on Video, dude. I'm I'm just saying you, you can, you can prove that you did that. Right. But all, all the, the intentions and the motives, whatever right? Is it's, it's subjective. It's subjective. Yeah. And they can play that line. Right. And that line you lose, you know, for a fact, as Logan Paul, if that's a fight, you'll Be lost. Yeah, you'll Be lost. But what are we doing here? What we doing? Yeah. I can't, I can't. Your only win is just not Addressing it, bro. No, no, no.


Because I I address the things that are like, I'm objectively right and I'm objectively right here. If you disagree or you're, but there's No such thing anymore. There's everything scientific proof. All of that is gone, bro. You told me last night, we didn't land on the moon. Oh, anti moon landers. No, I'm not on the opposite side. Thinks, think He did. I fully believe we landed on the fucking moon. Think Okay. Yeah. Okay. Not only did we land on the moon, we did it a lot of times. No, agreed. To the point where it was, it Is, it was exhausted. There's nothing else to do. Multiple Countries, like at like Russia, everybody They Did so often, there's nothing else to do. They stopped going because there's no whole Truth. don don't think he actually believes that. I do. I totally do. I Think he's, he's he's doing it. You think I'm clip farming? He's doing a Farming, Bro. I'm, I'm genius.


I'm not. I I don't think we did. Yeah. And We can go back whenever we want. Okay. Okay. Let's do, let's do it in reverse then. Hold do, do it in reverse in things. Okay. Is it. Proving the moon landing. Right. Prove that Everybody every lied, make, make a hypothetical. Right. Every person involved in this massive life conspiracy, every singular person across hundreds, thousands. You, Everybody Is lying. Hold on, hold On, hold on. nasa, It's not hundreds of thousands, it's, it's, Oh, no, no. Hundreds and Is it hundreds, thousands. There's Probably thousands, not hundreds, thousands. There's probably thousands of people involved. Hold I minute, Hundreds, thousands, not hundreds of thousands. That, That, that is, by the way, that is the most compelling argument on, on the opposite side.


And I'm, and I'm not gonna die on this hill. I'm, I'm actually like, open to change my opinion, but at this particular moment, I don't think I understand how humans decided that putting wheels on luggage in 1971 happened after we made it to the moon. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That doesn doesn't hold on technology wise. It just doesn't, like we had just invented the tv and then you're telling me like a decade and a half later we made it to, so I asked him, Felix, I asked him where It does not make sense Where he drew the line. I asked him where he drew the line. In the early 1960s, probably even late 1950s, we had the SR 71 Blackbird still to be still one of the fastest aircraft in the history of mankind. Flies a, a 80,000 foot ceiling, the upper atmosphere. Okay. Really not all that different than just hopping over to the moon.


Compelling, Compelling, compelling. Lemme check this out. Yo, yo, Ramp up. Let's, let's ramp up. Okay. And that, that, even as said, right. And let's do it even further. Right. Why did we go to the moon? Cold War. Cold War. Yeah. Right. Well, well, that's why we rushed to the moon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's Not why we, that's Why we rushed to beat Russia. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. So, So do you think, do you think that Russia Right. Wouldn't, wouldn't do their homeworks and really look at all that Right. And be like, and, and fall for a bluff. You think they they would fall for that. I think they would also bluff. I I don't think this technology exists, Felix, to this day today, Elon Musk is shooting a rocket off and landing it on the ground and everyone's mind is blown.


No, No, no. The people's minds blown because we're landing gate, we're laying in the middle of two field goalposts. That's not, that is The size of a hole. 50. No. He's making reusable rockets. I, you're telling me I understand that. Nobody's, you're telling Me before we realized that wheels on suitcases were a good idea, we were able to blast a rocket off to the moon, a, a d different celestial body than Earth, land it, and then take off again, and then come back to Earth. It makes no sense. And I could get into like the actual conspiracy theories as well, but like, that's not what this podcast is. Sorry Felix, the foot, the footage was good though. No, it was not. No, it was Not. We're we're, I'm probably not the right person to argue this, but I, but I just, We want to have a, a conspiracy theorist who really knows his shit and the opposite on our podcast to talk about it.


I, I do this topic because I'm, I'm about to ski. I'm, I'm, I'm about, I'm about to crash out. Go fuck, love, fuck. We'll find way too, but Now I. I wanted to little bit I want today, tomorrow is election day. Ooh, wait, wait. Is it actual election day. Well, Hold on. Tomorrow when this goes out, I think this will go out on Monday. Election day will be on, oh, Tuesday the fifth. You just had a whole, a whole Trump like full circle moment. Full circle. Well, okay. So you go to the Trump stream with Aiden. Yeah. Okay. You're wearing the Trump shirt. Well, I, okay. Well that whole story is not the way it went, but I don't think, are we gonna do the thing where, where, where I, I say the truth and people say what? That's cap whatever. No. Tell your truth. Fuck people that don't believe it.


Like, what, what exactly happened? Okay. So basically they're doing the same with Trump, right? Yep. And then I talked with to his Aiden Adin. Ross is a manager. Yep. Or a guy, right? And then he's like, oh yeah, you wanna be part of it, right? I'm like, yeah, sure. I'll be part of it. And it's intended that I'll be, I'll be part of the stream and in some capacity. Right. And then we show up there. Right. They, they planned everything. They did. I didn't, I didn't do anything. I just, I just showed up because I would, I show support to Aiden. 'cause me and Hayden have been doing stuff together. So I show up there, right. And I, I, I take out my shirt or take up. I have like a long sleeve that was disgusting. Right. And noticed that my shirt under Is it more disgusting. Okay.


So I, I came with the, I came to the Mar-a-Lago. Okay. And I looked homeless. It was, it was act disgusting. Right? So this is in the photo with me, but we're not sure. It's, it's terrible. And then I is like, oh yeah. I, Got, I Got shirt, I Got shirt in the back. You just go to go to the back, go to the backseat. I go to the backseat and there's trumpet grills, trumpet grills with bullet holes. Okay. There's a trumpet gang signs or something like that. Okay. So that's my three choices. Okay. So, so I pick up the, the trumpet grills, t-shirt. It's The most tame, the most relaxed at all. Yeah. At that point, don don't feel comfortable being on the stream and being in the back. I didn't wanna be like a, like a dick writer in the back with like the go Trump or whatever.


Right. I didn't want to be that, that guy. For all reasons I didn't want to be anywhere. I was like, you know what I'm, I'm gonna do. 'cause they were having problem with production. Yeah. So I, I went at the back of the computer, I started doing audio stuff. Right. I started doing a, a bit rate, whatever, and I started doing production and I'm enjoying a lot. So I'm fixing, I'm fixing the stream, and my stream goes live. They need audio. And I'm the, I'm the audio guy now. So I did production, right? And then as they walk out, I walk out and, and Aiden Joza is like, oh, do you like my friend's shirt? But I'm just following it in the back for, for audio purposes. Right? Like, I wasn't supposed to be on camera and do all that. And then I just shook his hand. Right. So it wasn't a really like a like, like a like a trump moment or like, I'm, I'm trying to be involved politically.


I'm trying to glaze Trump. It was like a, I'm there for my friend Aiden. Right. Trying to help his stream out. Right. So I, so what happened, and I'm on camera. I shook the guy's hand. Well, But, but, but it was in stark contrast to this moment that kind of came out a couple days ago, which was you kind of being in disagreements with anyone that votes for Trump. Do You know Whoa Whoa? Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. What clip? You said that anybody? It, it, it's the, the, the headline is Xq C says that anyone who votes for Trump is retarded. Whoa. Okay, then I never said that. Oh, so it was just That is the made a hundred percent. Got it. Yeah. I made it. I think there's a Video. There's like a I Was, I was, okay, hold on. You know what? I'm gonna say this out blind without even knowing the, the, the clip or whatever we saw.


Right. And say, and say flat out. I don't think, I don't think I've ever made it a serious statement about anybody who votes for anybody. Right. don don't think I've really encourage anybody for votes for anybody. Right. I didn't really neutral about it. Right. Right. I try to make it really, really hard to be right. It's because even when, when when I watch a video that's on, on one side or on other side, I'm not gonna go, oh, guys like, go vote. I usually say like, flat neutral or I don't say anything. Does that make sense? Well, you should. I wouldn't say that you could. Well, you, you're not endorsing anybody. You don't even, you're Canadian. Yeah, exactly. French Canadian. I think you can still kind of like influence people without voting yourself. I don. Yeah. Yeah.


I don. Yeah. I don't think that voting as a person impacts your influence on people's votes. I mean, Yeah. Go ahead. Do You speak as fast in French as you do English? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's the, the same like, like mumble mumbo jumbo. I've always, I was my ears Just gonna get Coffee. Oh, nah, nah. Their streams Are, what is this podcast? I've been forever Show Up to my podcast. But his, yeah. This Is more important. I was doing House in Singapore. That's My podcast. Hi Jimbo You. know we're doing this whole haunted house thing here to You Know. Like, why do you want us to wrap it up? Oh, I Mean, we're getting, We're we're speed Stream literally starts in 20 minutes. 20 minutes. Give us another like 10, 15. You're welcome to join us if you want to with your mask on.


No, no, no. I'm, I'm just preparing this massive stream because You know for speed that, but Take your time. He's like this stupid fucking podcast. Have Like 400,000 people waiting. You know, like a big deal. This budget set up. We'll Be, we'll be Jimmy. We'll be on time. I promise. Thanks. Jimmy. Do you know what Mount Rushmore is? Yeah. It's like the, the, the big phase is Of streaming. Who are they? You got four? Ooh. Current. Current right now. Oh, Right now. Oh, right now? No. Fuck it. Do all, who are the four? Oh, I'll do both. I'll do, I'll do both. Okay. Yeah. Ready? Yep. Right, right now. Kait speed. Adin Ross.


KCO Is it four or Is it five to four. That's four. That's not four. Yeah. Old school. Like back in the days I'm, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say soda poppin lyric rec. Full Tyler one. What do you think about that girl who got ran through by a hundred guys? Who? That girl who got ran through by a hundred guys. How so? Lily, Lily Phillips? Who is that? Wait, But wait, isn't she What a turnaround. Isn't she going for a thousand? Yeah, She's going for a thousand guys. She wants to do a thousand in 24 hours. A thousand guys. Yeah. And she was curious if you'd wanna get involved. Oh, hell no. Well, the, they're just brewing some like, like Std Like combo?


No, no, no. Because it's all tested. It's all tested. She makes wear condoms paper signed the whole thing. It's, it's as legit as It can be. Do you know who's trying to get in? Banks? Oh yeah. No. Actually know 0%. I connected him, bro. I connected Him to her No way. Fuck, too. you know, you haven't seen this, bro. I have not. It's, it is a video that will actually like, shake you to your core. It's, it's shocking. Mm. She's like, all right. She documents her day getting ran through by a hundred guys. Dude, did you Watch it from Like seven to 11:00 PM What About how, oh, you watch it. But That's, that'll be 24 hours. Four dudes in an hour. That's for that. I think that's For a thousand. A thousand? No, 1,050, a thousand dudes. Is is four an 50 an hour?


That's, that's why I said, Is that the right math? 40. 40 An hour. Even. Even a hundred. Even a hundred. It would be four an hour, Bro. I just feel so bad for her. I just feel like, I actually feel like it hurts. It, I feel pain in my heart. She feels pain in her Butt. How could she not? How could she not? Like, dude, it's at the end. She's like, oh my gosh, I have all these like, bodily fluids in my eyes and my hair. Like I just, I can't believe that. Did she get a Guinness book for that? for Sure? For for Sure. That for Sure. They'd put that in There. Mo ran through 24 hours. Is that what Oh, she, she, she's probably gonna make bank. But is that, isn't That record that we, we want out there? I bet she does. I mean, she's obviously doing it. It just cra it's just crazy. Like what I genuine question don don't wanna sound mean, but like what, what the, what happens in someone's life where they're like, this is the answer.


This is what I'm gonna do. Well, I think it's like a slow progression towards it. don don't think she, don don't think she just ended up in You. know what? You know it. Is. it is crazy. 'cause I like, she, I feel like she doesn't need to have, doesn't have to do all that You know. She's, she's not like, beat this Is It Is it. Oh, she'll. Oh no. And she will like, take it from someone who's seen it over the years. She will at some point regret doing it. Really Like, yeah, because, because look like we, we saw it with all the other people that we were around in You know years ago. And like they, they get to a point and then they push past that point because someone encourages 'em to, or they decide to, and then they always, Well, it's a dark topic because Yeah. It for for, for a lot of them. Yeah. It, it's, it's pretty bad. Like the, the life after pornography or whatever.


I think it's something that people don't weigh in as they go into it. Right. Does that make, does that make sense? Yeah. But you, But for this like a thousand guys, dude, like, like that seems like something you have to, but what how Though? Yeah. How is she showing a vlog of a hundred guys? Like, she, She shows their feet. She shows their feet. She like show their feet, like sitting on the stairs and stuff and like waiting outside of her room. Dude, there's lines, there's lines of guys and They wait in a line. Yes. Yes. Dude. Yes. It's like, that means, and they pump, they pump. They, I think they pump It sounds like, dude, stop. Yeah. Talking about, yeah. So they wait and pump all one. They come in. How many pumps per guy? No. don don't know. I don't, bro, where am I supposed to? That pump for guy thing? Dylan, Maybe you have this data.


One pump only. I'm not this point. The guys at this point. Yo Speed. Yo, I was forget about her speed. Would you get involved in the, in that one with the Lily You know Lily Phillips. She's going for a thousand guys in one day. Yeah. Well, not how, how many pumps? Speed. What? How many pumps? Pumps? Yeah. If you had to go in, how many pumps had to do what? Hurt. Yeah. No pumps. No pumps. He said no, he's in no pump. Jump. Wait, Felix, Felix, I gotta ask you this. Are you going to give all of your money to your ex-girlfriend? Oh man. Never. This is like a thing that's like at my, it's at my foundation. Right.


Whatever. Whatever I get, whatever I build is entirely mine. I I own it. Right? If I want, if I want to, if I wanna discard it, if I wanna burn it, if I wanna invest, it's up. It's Up to me. You know. But what? But where's that not the case? How did she, how does she feel? Sorry, I'm not familiar with the story, but why does she feel as she has a right to anything as your girl? She wasn't your wife, correct? Absolutely not. That was, and that was also proven by, by the Texas court. Yeah. I, I can't believe, Believe you're going through this because I see the headlines. Well, your ex-girlfriends suing you for like $10 million because she tried to claim you guys were like common That that already failed and that already failed. It's, that was already proven false. I I I don't even know how you're allowed to have a case where something is proven false and refile the same claim in another county of another state.


Oh, The, the court system can be wonky, dude. It Doesn't make, how does that make? Yeah, that doesn't make, to me, That doesn't connect it. The filing says something, something marriage. Marry something. And I'm like, wait, we just went like a, we had like a year court case about this where I slam dunk one. This isn't true. So how is this still happening? What are her lawyer like? Why would her lawyers allow her to, Oh, Chad. G-P-T-G-P-G-P-T. That's her legal GPT. God damn. God damn. I'm sorry. You're going through that man. That's, He said he, that's all good. He said he would lose every single dollar that he has before he pays her a cent. Well, I feel like you all That's great, boys. I'm ready to Scare the living.


Okay. Is Is it time? Yeah. I, it's, It's time. Wait, Okay. All I, I'll wrap it up. Jim, I'll, I just, Isn't it crazy that he's the only person in The world that could tell us to stop? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we would all listen to him, but also why you guys flew all the way up. Yeah. Yep. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. True. I, I, I won't question. I wanted to ask you on the plane, but I told you to stop, dude. How much money do you think you've lost gambling? Oh, God in totality. Oh, Man. That, that's like a, that's a hard topic because if, if you say a number, the scale doesn't make sense. Eight figures or Nine figures. Eight figures or Nine. How much is that? I think like tens of Million. Tens of millions? Yeah. Tens Or hundreds. Well, if it's not, okay, it's not in the hundreds. Right. But it's in the, it's in the early nine figures, you've Lost tens like 10.


Well, you have your figure of what you've played. You've played probably close to 2 billion. Well, it's the, The lot. Okay. So how much have you played the, the loss is over 100 million. Right. But that, do I, do I have to go into the semantics? The semantics? Nah, nah, nah. I'm a DJ gambler. Okay. I'm a DJ gambler. Yeah. Yeah. The, it's gambling, so the pays are really high. Okay. But I, I'm dumb. Okay. So Yeah. Yeah. A lot. Does it make you happy? So yeah. The loss of, does it make you happy? Well, it makes sometimes Winning wins. Alright. Alright. That's it. We're outta here. All right, xq. Thanks Felix. Thanks for coming on, bro. Thanks. We, we, we love you, bro. Hey guys, guys, thanks for watching. If you're not subscribed, we're gonna go do this stream. We love you.


See you next time. Beast.


Every year, over 300 businesses start right here in Prince William County. And I'm one of them. I'm Ross Dunlap. With Series Nano Sciences, we make unique particles for diagnostic testing, including a wastewater surveillance product that's helping protect against future pandemics. We started in the Prince William Science Accelerator and the county has been a key partner in supporting our expansion and growth. Go to pwc startups.com to learn how our economic development team can help your business. That's PWC startups.com.


Fall is the perfect time to cozy up with a hot drink and enjoy the season. And now, with the Northwest Federal Credit Union credit card, you can make the most of this time of year earn double points in everything you purchase with your N-W-F-C-U credit card. Every swipe gets you closer to your next reward. Don't miss this exclusive offer. Visit your nearest N-W-F-C-U branch or apply online@nwfcu.org. Northwest Federal Credit Union, official Credit Union of the Washington Commanders. Terms and conditions apply.