
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


With HubSpot's built in ai, you can get more done than ever before. Breeze agents help you do things in seconds that used to take hours and copilot keeps you two steps ahead, giving you the right insights at the right time. Get started today at hubspot.com/ai.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. 60 Minutes is in Sirius turmoil, thanks to its executive producer, bill Owens quitting and publicly throwing a temper tantrum. What happened to, oh, buckle up on Tuesday, the Ep of six years, but only the third ever to hold that post in nearly six decades at six said he would be resigning from the Sunday news program suggesting he felt the network was encroaching too much on his editorial calls.


This could not be tolerated at the vaunted 60 minutes, you see, which is entirely unbiased and uninfluenced by anything other than the facts. Alright, you may not know that, but it's, it's true. Just ask them. Mr. Owens and others argue that the show has had total independence from Network Brass for the show's 57 years on the air, and that suddenly that was changing under Don Hewitt, the original Ep. They said, Hey, we had independence and it worked out pretty well. He was there for almost 60 years. It's crazy the number of years he was there under Jeff Fager, he was there for the next 14 less so.


And under Mr. Owens 60 minutes has all but lost its mind shilling for progressives. And I, for 1:00 AM thrilled to see him go. Not that I think this broadcast with its current staff is salvageable. I'm just in favor of dismantling this current version of the show, which would appropriately fit in any hour of M-S-N-B-C primetime. The latest meltdown started when Donald Trump filed a $10 billion lawsuit against CBS and its parent company, paramount, accusing 60 minutes of unlawful and illegal behavior in what he said was its deceptive editing of the Kamala Harris interview before this last election. You remember they took her word salad, answer about Netanyahu and they siphoned it down to make her sound more cogent.


We, we caught it because they put out a, the wrong version of it when they were teasing the interview and then they played a different version when she actually appeared. Most legal analysts, including this one, do not see much of any merit in that lawsuit, but Trump has used it as a cudgel over Paramount whose owner Sherry Redstone is trying to sell the company Right now to Skydance and that sale is gonna need government approval. Trump has long complained about 60 minutes being unfair to him and biased in favor of Democrats. And on that he is 100% correct under Jeff Fager. Yes, definitely, but especially under Bill Owens. But before we get to Owens, let's take a quick look back at the Fager years and how 60 treated Barack Obama.


You don't have any doubts that you're ready? No. Where do you get all this confidence? How are you finding the job? What's the most frustrating part of the job? Do you take a day off? Have you've gotten lost in here yet? Do you see some hope? Do you think that things are going to get better? What do you think that you might have the unemployment rate down to 8% by the, by the time the election rolls around, and this is the most aggressive speech I've seen you give it in a while, right? What changed? Why do you think you'd be good President? Steve asked and answered. Let's move on. Okay. I mean, honestly, we, I we almost added the little hearts, the, the emojis coming out of Steve Croft in his head for that series of hard hitting interviewers, interviews, not exactly murderers Roe.


Is it like back in the Mike Wallace years, who could forget this absurdity? This was under Bill Owens when Leslie Stahl interviewed Donald Trump in October, 2020, just before his reelection battle against Joe Biden after the Hunter Biden laptop had come out. I think it's one of the biggest scandals I've ever seen. And you don't cover it. Biggest you want to talk about? Well, because it can't be verified. I'm telling you, you wanna talk about telling insignificant things. I'm telling you, of course it can be verified. Excuse me. They found the laptop. Leslie. Leslie, we can't be verified. What? Can't be verified. The laptop.


Why do you say that? Because even the family hasn't the family on the laptop, he's gone into hiding for five days. He's gone into hiding. He's preparing for your debate. Oh, it's taken him five days to prepare. I doubt it. We only know that that exchange took place because Trump taped it himself, not trusting 60 to air his full grievance. And indeed he was right and he released it. Same timeframe, October 20th, 2060 took us inside the Lincoln Project's campaign against President Trump and did they do a hard hitting expose on the rabidly anti-Trump Grifters who are loathed by virtually all Republicans and accomplished little more than successfully lining their own pockets?


Let's see, These buccaneers have made a name for themselves with malicious attack ads churning out new ones almost daily, most released cost free on social media. John Weaver feels it's the party that's betrayed him. I mean, look, Leslie, we've gone from caring about character, rule of law, defending the constitution, a cogent national security policy, free trade. Where are all those issues? Imagine if you travel the country for 30 years fighting for Republican principles and you learn it was all a lie. No one cares about all the issues that we fought for.


How Painful is it for you, Ugh, to turn against the Republican party? Do you ever sit around and talk about your repudiating your life? In a way, How painful is it? John Weaver, my little Buccaneer, by the way. Google John Weaver Lincoln Project and see what other questions Leslie Stahl could have asked if 60 had actually done some investigative reporting about that group after the 2020 election. The biggest story in the nation was of course, Mr. Trump's claims of voter fraud, especially in places like Pennsylvania, where Democrats made changes to voting laws late in the process to voting procedures late in the process, not approved by the lawmakers, not approved by the state legislature.


And those changes allowed ballots to arrive after election day to count. They allowed less secure ballot drop boxes and more. Did 60 take an in-depth fair imbalance? Look at that As covid spiked again, vote by mail, ballots flooded, tabulation centers other ballots, jammed streetside, drop boxes or were hand delivered to registrars and city clerks what could have been chaos instead became an exercise in democracy. Oh, okay. Democracy in action. That's all it was. Folks, that case went all the way up to the US Supreme Court, I mean the, and the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and fine, it was not resolved in President Trump's favor.


We know that, but it was just democracy. That's all. No more, not really a valid legal battle. Joe Biden was of course, sworn in as president as You know in 2020 and did 60 spend the next four years digging into the president's mental acuity with in-depth 60 minutes pieces. Oh, they asked a question or two along the way, but no. Or his opening of the southern border allowing more than 10 million illegals to flood the country. No. Or how about the Covid overreaches under that president? Absolutely not. It appears they had a different focus. We wanted to ask Governor DeSantis about the deal, but he declined our request for an interview.


We caught up with him south of Orlando. Publix, as You know, donated a hundred thousand dollars to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in policy. So First of all, that what you're saying is wrong. Now, how is That not pay To play that That's a fake narrative. I met with the county mayor, I met with the administrator, I met with all the folks at Palm Beach County and I said, here's some of the options. We can do more drive through sites, we can give more to hospitals, we can do the Publix. And they said, we think that would be the easiest thing for our residents. So we, Melissa McKinley, the county commissioner in the Glades told us the governor never met with her about the Publix deal. The criticism is that it's pay to play Governor. It's wrong, it's wrong.


It's a fake narrative. I just disa abused you of the narrative and you don't care about the facts because obviously I laid it out for you in a way that is irrefutable. Well, I I was just, and so it's clearly not, Isn't there? The Nearest hell is no 30 miles. You, you're wrong. You're wrong. Yes, sir. That's actually a fact. Obviously fearing that Ron DeSantis might become the eventual Republican nominee in April 20th, 2160 aired a disgustingly misleading report by Sharon El fci, suggesting DeSantis was guilty of a pay for play campaign contribution scheme by which he offered the covid vaccination shots at Publix supermarkets as some sort of payback to a grocery store chain that had donated to his campaign.


60 showed a bit of that brief exchange between Alfonso and Governor DeSantis, in which he offered what looked like a rather lame response to her tough questions and just happened to leave on the editing room floor. The bulk of his extremely substantive answer to every point she raised, in which he utterly dismantled her accusations. Even some Florida Democrats, after they saw the piece lashed out saying they had told 60 minutes, the public story was bullshit, but that the producers did not seem to care. It wasn't just political hits on candidates either.


Take a look at the show's coverage of say, climate change. This one's from January, 2020 3, 19 70. The planet's three and a half billion people were sustainable. But on this New Year's day, the population is 8 billion. Today, wild plants and animals are running out of places to live. The scientists you're about to meet say the Earth is suffering a crisis of mass extinction on a scale unseen since the dinosaurs. A World Wildlife Fund study says that in the past 50 years, the abundance of global wildlife has collapsed 69%, mostly for the same reason.


Too many people, too much consumption and growth mania. I, I would say it's too much to say that we're killing the planet because the planet's gonna be fine. What we're doing is we're killing our way of life. Amazing. No mention of the number of nearly identical warnings just like this that had reigned down upon the populace for years, decades prior to this report. With not a scintilla of accuracy, none of the climate change doomsday predictions has come true. Somehow. They forgot that in the piece.


Or how about this one more recently on free speech in Germany where people are literally being arrested for saying things deemed quote offensive online a concept most normal Americans would detest not back to Sharon fci, not Sharon fci, though she appears to love the idea. How many cases are you working on at any time? In our unit, we have about 3,500 cases per year. Nine investigators work out of this office in a converted courthouse. Lao says they get hundreds of tips a month from police watchdog groups and victims. You must see a lot of crazy stuff.


Yes, yes. The worst of the internet is wrapped in red case folders stuffed with printouts of online slurs, threats and hate. This is a criminal offense. So what Does that say? Letter park for ling. So they're suggesting that the refugee children play in the electrical wires. Okay? In this case, the accused had to pay 3,750 euros. Wow. It's not a parking ticket. Yeah, not A parking ticket. It's so fun to laugh about. If you watch the whole piece, it gets even worse. We played for you yesterday, Scott Pellys attempted take down of Moms for Liberty when they appeared on the show, who he said had no basis for their totally empty assertions that L-G-B-T-Q books and other inappropriate material is intentionally being put in K through five libraries.


So wrong, were Moms for Liberty, that all nine justices on the US Supreme Court just spent a day immersed in titles promoting L-G-B-T-Q material in K through five classrooms. The very thing Scott Pelley says is not happening. And the only question was not whether in fact it does occur and is occurring, but why schools are refusing to allow parents to opt out. Looking forward to your follow up, Scott Pelley and your apology. So this, this is what Bill Owens's independence has gotten us. Oh, never before has anyone overseen me the absolute worst, most biased, hardest leftist version of 60 minutes that we have ever been subjected to, and yet to hear him and his supporters tell it.


Sherry Redstone finally looking at the program and saying, you need to reel it in people. What she actually did was just appoint a producer to enforce the company's quote journalistic standards. This was the breach, this was the straw that broke the back of 60 minutes at its core in a leaked goodbye memo to Staff Owens writes, quote, over the past months, it has become clear that I would not be allowed to run the show, as I have always run it to make independent decisions based on what was right for 60 minutes, right for the audience. So having defended this show and what we stand for from every angle over time, with everything I could, I am stepping aside so the show can move forward.


And lest you think I am being overly dramatic, he indeed was reported to have said this and spoken to the newsroom in tears, a gut punch said a veteran 60 minutes producer to the New York Times, which broke the story profoundly disturbing wrong. And then this as reported by Jake Tapper on CNN, who spoke with some 60 minutes producers reeling from the news. The second 60 minute source tells me, quote, bill had widespread, has widespread support at 60, he's dedicated his life to CBS in the broadcast. And this was his last act of dedication to it. It's like a guy who has been battling for months against an attack, unable to defend the broadcast from inappropriate corporate influence.


He pulls the pin from his last grenade, he sacrificed himself hoping it might make our corporate overlords wake up and realize they risk destroying what makes 60 Minutes great. It seems clear now in a quest to sell the company, Sherry Redstone and others will bow to presidential pressure. 60 minutes is one of the crown jewels of American broadcast journalism, and they have no problem crushing it in their race to make a deal and make themselves richer. He's, he's like a Medal of honor winner. He, he's jumping on the grenade, sacrificing himself to save the totally independent and unbiased 60 from the evil Trump and his influence over Sherry Redstone, perhaps friends at 60.


The problem lies not with your corporate owner or your president, but with you. Maybe just, maybe you've lost your way. Perhaps you've gone so far leftward in your programming that it's actually caused the corporate brass to finally notice, yes, it's happening in the context of a lawsuit and a merger, but you've gone so far leftward, it's actually endangered the sale of your parent company. Might this not be a time to reflect, revamp, recover some of that old magic that made the broadcast famous to begin with?


We'll believe it. When you fire literally every correspondent, you can start with Sharon, but Scott Pelley has to go as do the others. Every correspondent on staff, along with all producers, shred it down to the studs And we will consider taking you seriously again. Until then, goodbye Bill. You'll go the way of sixties ratings out the door into retirement, never to be seen again. Joining me now, our friend and first guest ever on the Megan Kelly show. Glenn Greenwald host of Rumbles System Update.


Aren't you tired of the corporate media prioritizing certain narratives or the facts? I mean, I, of course have been too. And that's why we launched this show to have real conversations full of tough questions and to get to the truth. And it's also why I wanna tell you about ground news and independent app and website, not at the mercy of corporate control. They prioritize transparency so you can compare coverage on any issue and think for yourself, instead of letting someone else think for you or manipulate you, they even show important stories that the other side is ignoring. Go to ground news.com/megan and you can see it in action for yourself. With so many outlets suppressing conservative views in particular and ignoring facts, ground news is more important than ever. Track all your most trusted independent sources there so you never miss out on the story. Shaping our world Right now, you can get 40% off their vantage plan. That's good. Knocking the price down to just five bucks a month. Go to ground news.com/megan, that's GROU news.com/megan to invest a small amount in your ability to think critically about the news.


Glenn, welcome back your thoughts on Bill Owens single tier jumping on the grenade to save 60 minutes. I'm gonna try and maintain my composure emotionally over everything that just happened. It's not going to be easy, but I'll do my best for your show. You know, I think there, there's a lot going on here and, and there's a few issues that I, I do wanna talk about that are, I think, ancillary to what's taking place, but nonetheless important. I think the primary issue though, Megan, is that these people are living in a past that no longer exists. There was one quote that said 60 minutes is the crowning jewel of broadcast journalism. It was the crowning jewel, a broadcast journalism.


I remember when I was growing up, You know, and became very interested in politics, even in like my early teens. I used to watch 60 Minutes and really it was kind of what shaped my admiration for journalism, my desire to be part of journalism. I remember they would take the most powerful people in society, You know, corporate executives and tobacco executives and oil executives and some of the most powerful political officials in the country, regardless of ideology. And they would just grill them mercilessly about questions that they ought to answered. That's what made 60 minutes so frightening to people, so alarming to people, to the people in power. And they didn't really have a political agenda. It was, they really prided themselves on being pure, purely journalistic.


And this is what has happened, wr large to our corporate media in general, and they don't realize it or they don't wanna accept it, is that they have lost the faith and trust in everybody except for the part of the audience that agrees with them ideologically, which is basically meaningless. I mean, the whole point of 60 Minutes was it gathered all Americans together as a news institution that we all trusted regardless of party, regardless of ideology. All of those days are gone for almost every single one of these institutions. And the reason they squandered it is not because of the advent of the internet and independent voices. They squandered it because they deservedly squandered it, because they proved over and over that they have a prioritization of a political agenda over their journalistic agenda.


The only reason there's an independent media, the only reason you have this gigantic audience, or people like Joe Rogan or Tucker Carlson or so many others. The reason we're able to attract a big audience in, in terms of independent media is not because we manipulated the public into no longer trusting these big corporate media outlets that they used to get their news from and believe it was the truth. It was because they themselves got caught lying so many times. They so transparently renounced their journalistic mission and journalistic agenda in pursuit of a broader political ideology, which I really think began primarily as a reaction to Donald Trump. I mean, the media has always been sort of vaguely liberal, especially on cultural issues.


They're based in New York and Washington and the coast. But You know, within that they could still do a lot of non-partisan trans ideological journalism. Once Donald Trump came, they all collectively began believing that their primary mission was no longer to report the news, to be even handed in any way. Their primary mission was to stop Donald Trump as a way of saving the republic. And the minute a journalist starts thinking that way, then essentially all of your journalistic neutrality in what gave you the credibility in the first place has evaporated. And these people who are weeping in these newsrooms just keep, can't come to terms that with, with that. They think they've lost something in the last week that they in fact have lost many years ago and no longer have Yes, that they willing, willingly, voluntarily, gave up in an effort to ruin Trump.


And we all watched it. I couldn't agree more. I loved 60 Minutes when I was younger. I loved Mike Wallace and I, there's no question that Mike Wallace was a committed liberal democrat, but his reports on 60 minutes were great and unsparing, and that was still in the, in the age of, You know, the Ed Bradleys of the world where they did not really believe, or at least they were reigned in from showing their hard left partisan nature every week when that broadcast began, we put this together a while ago, it bears showing again because it's great, but here's a sample of how Mike Wallace used to do journalism while he was on 60.


What means did the dictatorship? A dictator is somebody who forcibly, whether it's free press or free religion or free private enterprise, now you're, you're beginning to come a little closer to that. You father knows best. And if you get in the way of Father, father will take care of you. Imam President Sadat of Egypt, a devoutly religious man, a Muslim, says that what you are doing now is quote a disgrace to Islam.


And he calls you Imam, forgive me, his words, not mine, a lunatic, What they hear, what I heard was overtones of absolute, you were sticking it to the Jews. Once again, That's, that's what good journalism looks like. I mean, he was unsparing, you're sitting across in the ayatollah and you, you'd bust that out on him, You know, like right in people's faces. And instead what 60 Minutes does now is yeah, if they've got Donald Trump there, they'll have some hard questions for him. But if you've got Barack Obama, you talk about how amazing he is, how wonderful he is, what it's like to be president. If you have Kamala Harris, you do clean up on her answers.


So she sounds more cogent and together one of her biggest weaknesses, by the way. So the edit did matter. You know, I think, I think we all have to begin with like humility even as journalists and recognize that we all are the byproduct of an endless number of subjective experiences like where we're born, what our parents teach us, what community we grew up in, what religion we grew up in, how we see our country, how other countries see that. These are all things that of course make us imperfect in terms of vehicles for the truth. None of us are infallible vessels of the truth. We're human beings, we see things erroneously all the time. What used to be the high duty of journalism was to, number one, recognize that.


So there was no this, You know, fraudulent sense that, oh yes, we reside above everybody else in our ability to free ourselves of political bias and political subjectivity, but then instead we're gonna do the best job possible in our reporting to make sure it's divorced from our political agenda. That has always been what has divided good journalism from bad journalism. And I just, if you don't mind, Megan, let me just address the, the point you brought up with the 60 Minutes and the Leslie Stall and the Donald Trump interview because this was a crucial moment for me professionally because I have always been a media critic for a long time I thought the corporate media was losing its objectivity, was becoming an agenda pursuing entity above all else long before Trump.


But that was really a defining moment for me because I used to think the goal is to criticize journalism with the goal of reforming it so that we could go back to a time when we had major journalistic institutions all of Americans could trust. And that was one of the moments where I really lost that hope and said, no, actually this is a hopeless project. This is, these days are gone and they're not coming back. Because I was working very hard on that Hunter Biden story on that Hunter Biden laptop. And You know, we all have talent as journalists, we all have experiences as journalists. One of the things I've done most of my career is I worked with very large archives of information. You know, I got, I worked a lot with WikiLeaks on those kind of archives, obviously the Snowden files, I had several of those in Brazil and I know how to verify them.


I know the journalistic means that are used to verify them. Well before the election, I knew the Hunter Biden laptop was verifiable, was authentic, was genuine, that the information in there was reliable. I had confirmed it in all the di ways that we had confirmed these other laptops and these other archives. And so to watch Leslie Stahl stay and she was just mouthing what everybody else in the media was saying because it was weeks before the election, they didn't wanna do anything to jeopardize Biden's chances. Oh, this laptop is not something we can talk about. You know, that it's something we can't verify. They all spread the lie that it was Russian disinformation. And I of course ended up leaving my own media outlet because they wouldn't let me report on this archive that I knew for certain was authentic.


That was really the moment that showed me that this was not just a kind of progressive incremental problem that one day could be reigned in. It was really a fundamental transformation of how these media institutions thought about what their primary mission was. They were very willing, in fact, eager to find lies to justify burying that archive that told us a lot about what Joe Biden and his family did in pursuit of profit and China profit and Ukraine, all sorts of of important questions about the credibility of Joe Biden. But they were so desperate to do anything to make sure that he did, that he won that election against Donald Trump. That I watched them all collectively embrace a series of lies to justify bearing it and suppressing it.


Of course, big tech then censored it too based on those same lies. And that was when, You know, I left corporate media for good and said, independent journalism is the only way to do real journalism because the pressures politically and culturally on these editors are too great to allow the journalistic mission to be fulfilled. Hmm, it's so true. You go back to that period of time, it was like they, oh, the Hunter Biden laptop, not verifiable, even though it's totally verifiable and was later verified even by CBS once everybody else had done it. And at the same time, boosting the Lincoln project and playing their nasty ads without doing any investigation of the people that they were promoting. Trump loses, Biden takes over and all that hard hitting stuff goes by the wayside that the focus turns to Ron DeSantis and, You know, boring in on him with a false story and then it would turn back to Trump.


And when Trump won in 2024, of course we had more of the same. Here's Scott Pelley, this didn't make my little talking points memo, but here he is starting his show in November of 2024 talking about the Trump cabinet pit picks. Does this sound fair and balanced to you? This past week, Republicans won the House majority and President-elect Trump made nominations to his cabinet. Some nominees appear to have no compelling qualifications other than loyalty to Trump. The nominees are Senator Marco Rubio, Pete Hegseth, he's a combat veteran. Most recently a morning show host on Fox News with no government experience.


Sey Gabbard for Director of National Intelligence. She sought a pardon for Edward Snowden who leaked US Secrets and now lives in Russia and Robert Kennedy Jr. A skeptic of vaccinations. I I, I know I've triggered you with the, with this note in reference there, but it's all Happen. Not only that, not not only that, but like the, the idea was if you notice how, how slimy that was, it began with these people have no qualifications, but then each one of them was smeared with some view that if you're a good liberal, you were supposed to hate. Like Tulsi Gabbard has spent her entire career in the US military, she worked her way up to Lieutenant Colonel, she has every security clearance possible.


She was in the Congress for eight years. She served on the intelligence and House Armed Services committee. How is she not qualified for a position in the intelligence community? Yes. And of course you go on and on with with with RFK in his entire life devoted as an environmental lawyer and as a health a advocate. So this is, You know, the sort of thing that I think is, has become so transparent even to ordinary people who don't pay a lot of attention to this. The one thing I do wanna say, Megan, is I actually do think it's a reasonable concern when you have these media outlets who have been bought by massive corporate conglomerates who do depend upon the good graces of the federal government, either because they get big contracts from them or they need regulatory approval.


That has always been a problem where major corporations that own media outlets wanna keep good relations with the government and then therefore might restrict their media outlets from reporting adversarial on the government. That only becomes a problem though, when those media outlets, when those media programs lose credibility. The reason they never used to do that is because they knew that the whistle would be blown on them and say, oh, these CBS executives are telling us what we can and can't say. And people trusted 60 minutes that they blew the whistle. The problem is nobody trusts these outlets anymore. So when they say corporate executives are interfering in our journalism, people say, well, You know what, your journalism doesn't really seem like journalism, and so maybe you do actually need some interference from higher ups in order to make you start doing your job.


I do find corporate interference in, in, in journalism dangerous, but they again, have made their own bed that they're now forced to lie in. That's right. I I think what happened was they got so far leftward in their drift that it hampered Sherry Redstone's possible ability to sell the company to Skydance. And she said, holy hell, somebody needs to reign these people in. I gave you a com very wide ber, I didn't interfere for all this time, but you are so far gone, I might not be able to sell the company now, so I'm gonna bring in this person to sort of babysit you. And it was a bridge too far for this guy Bill Owens. And I'm sure this person is just as leftward in her bias as Bill Owens is too, frankly.


But at least she's there ostensibly to try to manage what they've been doing wrong and they can't have it. But it's like, as I said, there's no Bill Owens or no Bill Owens. There's, there's no reinventing 60 unless everybody goes. I mean, you really think Sharon AE can be reformed. Scott Pelley can be reformed in a way that will allow him to report honestly and fairly. Anderson Cooper. Yeah, Anderson Cooper Do Cooper, Me, me, Megan, me. Do you remember when CNN You know, faced with their still declining ratings started saying, oh, like maybe if we moved Don Lemon to the morning instead of at the night, and then we moved this like, I don't know what Poppy Harlow, whoever that is from like eight o'clock to 11, and it's like the ultimate rearranging of the deck chairs as the Titanic sinks.


They don't understand that fundamentally they've become a non journalistic organization that nobody will ever trust until they start making major revisions. They have now added some, some true pro-Trump voices onto the show, including people like Scott Jennings who, who are quite good. But the news organization itself is inherently broken. And until they fix it on a fundamental level, they can court sort of, You know, put ornaments on it. It's never really gonna regain the trust of the people whose trust they lost but need. Here's another CBS update for you. I don't know if you happen to catch our latest astronauts, Glen, take their trip to space, literally comparing themselves to Alan Shepherd who walked on the moon.


I mean, literally like multiple of our newest astronauts compared themselves to Alan Shepherd. Well, it hasn't worked out so well for Gayle King, who's at the opposite end of the time schedule on CBS. She's in the mornings, this news just posted via News Nation. They 60 or the the morning show over there is in third place. It's doing terribly. And it has been for some time. They were averaging like mid to late February 2 million viewers in the overall and 357,000 in the 25 to 54 demo.


All right, so call it 2,000,300 50,000 in the overall and in the key advertising demo. Well, right before the flight their numbers searched. People wanted to see what was gonna happen, and they tuned in and that morning they had 3.9 million viewers and almost 600,000 in the demo. After the flight viewers fled News Nations reporting this following three days, the numbers cratered to an average of 1.9 million people, a 51% loss. The demo fell down to 339,000, a 43% loss below where they had been even going into the event. Then Monday, April 21st, just a week after the flight, the demo fell even further.


Now it's down to 311,000. The total number stated the terrible 1.9 million an industry insider telling News Nation, this stunt should have never been greenlit by CBS news to begin with. Gail tries to be this relatable morning show anchor who claims she's down to earth and then not only takes this gazillion dollar flight, but then attacks people for getting mad at her. It's a complete crock. And just in case people haven't seen this one, we didn't, this is one we did not play. We played a lot of shots from these women, but we've got Gail in a very short soundbite saying the following sought 28 2 Of the astronauts, I still have a hard time calling myself an astronaut.


She literally is calling herself an astronaut. She doesn't understand why we don't celebrate her. And she's probably really confused as to why her ratings are falling. Yeah, it's like taking a fight from Detroit to, You know, San Jose and then being like, Hey, I just rode on this aircraft now I'm a pilot. It's turbulent. It's hard to think of myself a pilot, but like I am a pilot. I actually did fly on this thing that flew through the air and landed safely. And also, You know, you, I I'm not saying like you're supposed to be the most serious news person if you're on a morning show. Like, You know, the idea is to kind of be like friendly and to wake up and have people feel comfortable with you in the morning or as they get ready for work or whatever.


Still it is a new show and she didn't just go on this thing. She went on with like some of, I mean, she sat next to Katie Perry, You know, like just one of the most absurd pop stars who just made I think the, the worst joke of herself when she came down and like kissed the ground and talk about the spirituality of that seven second flight. And all of this is just continuously eroding any credibility that they have to claim that they have any authority at all. I mean, they're making themselves more and more ridiculous. And also, as you say, it just kind of reeks of somebody who would, who wants to be a very wealthy celebrity and show off that opulence as opposed to somebody who is in any way relatable.


You know, you're talking about like the people he had chosen by the second richest man on the planet who put his fiance along with Katy Perry on this flight. It was a cringe fest from start to finish. And then she goes on and says, yeah, I'm still a little humble. I don't really wanna call myself an astronaut even though I am. What do they think people in this country are gonna, how they're gonna react to that sort of thing? And this is what I'm saying, Megan, is that they live in this world that is so detached from anything other than themselves, that they just have lost the ability to understand how they're perceived by other people. And that is really one of the worst, worst attributes you can possibly have if you're in the public arena, is to just completely lose the ability to understand how others are perceiving you.


She went out Gayle King after she got blow back, and among other things said to her, critics, have you been, have you been? That's my question. No, Gail, no one's been because it costs a million dollars to get on Jeff Bezos's spaceship. And as some folks online News Nation points out responded, no, Gail, I'm trying to buy eggs. Gail, if I had that money, I'd be paying off the mortgage on my house. Right? Like so out of touch, Ms. Oprah's best friend on David Geffen's yacht, always at Oprah's side doing all the billionaire excursions, have you been? And then as if that wasn't gonna persuade people, she actually played the sexist card.


We played this before, but it's, it's, it doesn't get old. Here it is. Please don't call it a ride. That is not a frigging ride whenever a man goes up, you have never said to an astronaut boy, what a ride. You know, we duplicated the same trajectory that Alan Shepherd did back in the day. Pretty much no one called that a ride. It was called a flight. It was called a journey because a ride a ride implies that it's something frivolous or something that's lighthearted. There was nothing frivolous about what we did and, and the machine, and the machine that we were on and what it took for the people to get that machine up and running to get us up and get us back down safely. So, You know, I'm very disappointed and very saddened by it.


And I also say this, the, what it's doing to inspire other women and young girls. Please don't ignore that. I've had so many women and young girls reach out to me and men too, by the way, men too, that say, wow, I never thought I could do that, but I see you doing it at this stage of my life. Who would've th thunk it? Not me. And, and how inspired they are. Okay, you, you better be inspired. And if you call it a ride, you're a sexist pig. It was a ride, Megan, it was a val ride for rich people. Of course. That's what it was. And like the reason we distinguished what they did from actual astronauts, by the way, many of whom are women, we have real female astronauts who might inspire.


Yes. Like young girls to think about a career in, in becoming astronauts is because they didn't do any of the training. They, they just sat there. Other people were responsible for the ride that they were on. Like, this is so basic and so obvious. Who puts these things in these people's heads that You know, that that lets them get off of this ride and say, how dare you not take seriously our role as astronauts when you have people who trained their whole lives, they go to, You know, engineering school and aeronautic school in order to study the, the art of being an astronaut, the science involved in going to space, and they dressed up in a costume and went on a, on a little ship ride for 11 minutes and it, some carnival rides actually take more than that.


And then they come back and they're like, how dare you call it a ride? No wonder the ratings are plummeting. It's actually very interesting to me that there's a real backlash. I mean, if you google just Google Blue Origin space ride, every single thing that comes up is the backlash. How angry people are about this, how absurd they thought it was. What a vanity play it was. Obviously it had exactly the opposite of the one Gail and the others thought it would. This also reported in that same report, Katie Perry struggling to sell tickets for her lifetimes tour despite promoting it during the 11 minute space tourism journey by holding up the set list printed on a butterfly to the camera as they write instead of, You know, looking outside the window at earth.


So it's like, the reason it's so great is because people are onto it. You know, they, they didn't get away with it, Glen. It, they, they've been called out at every turn to the point now that they're running from it. No, they don't even wanna talk about it now. Yeah. You know, Megan, I'm sure you remember, You know, like in the eighties they sent the first woman into space on, on the Columbia spaceship, which ended up being, You know, tragically destroyed. And they picked a teacher from New Hampshire, Krista McCullough, Krista McCall and the I, yeah. And she wasn't spending, You know, millions of dollars. She wasn't like ARMRA a pop star or a TV star. She was chosen precisely because she represented the ordinary American. And the idea was we wanna open this, You know, transformative experience to ordinary people.


This is exactly the opposite, what they ended up doing. And also for Gayle King to talk about her, like she's some sort of feminist pioneer. Like she's the first person ever to go into space when, as I said, you had Christian McCullough, but also like a, a, a good number now of like actual trained female astronauts who go into space. It, I mean, it is it really surprising that people reacted in the way that they're reacting? I mean, not only that, but there was another woman on board, I don't know who she is, but I watched some of the interview that they did when they got off of their spacecraft after their mission. And the, the question was like, what, what does this mean for you? And she's like, You know, this is for all survivors.


I'm like, survivor. It turns out this woman alleged that she had been the victim of a rape many years earlier when she was at Harvard and has become like a sexual assault activist now. And she brought up with her some medical bracelet, I guess from when she went to the hospital and made this claim and she made the thing, I'm like, must everything truly, this is the left's idea of like what it means to be a woman. You, you are about the abuse that men have heaped upon you. You are about the sexist pigs who refer to your space mission as a ride, or you are Lauren Sanchez, where you are literally getting a suit that unzips so you can show off your tits while you're on your way to space.


I like, and then the cherry on top when they come back lecturing us on how there was nothing frivolous about what they did up there with the Kardashians and Oprah on the sidelines watching Glen, it's got everything that the left thinks it is to be a woman. Yeah. You know, I think that the people who actually make the biggest differences in terms of, You know, we have a conception of what this particular kind of job entails, even in politics or an industry or whatever, You know, a CEO as a man, and then you have the first CEO as a woman. The people who make the actual differences are the people who just go and do their jobs and aren't constantly banging on the table and demanding attention and saying, isn't it amazing that even though I'm a woman, I've been able to to, to become the CEO.


You know, you have gay people in public life who just go into public life or are open about it, but don't call attention to it. You have black people who do that. What this was was it was almost like a parody of a social justice crusade. Like, we're gonna get these six women, none of whom have the slightest experiences, only qualification is that they are women. We're purposely gonna make it an all woman fight so we can celebrate feminism. And it always ends up being so artificial and so contrived. And of course then to add, You know, like the ultimate victim of somebody who's a survivor of sexual assault. It, it just is the kind of thing that I think ends up being counterproductive because it creates this perception of women as people who can only make achievements if there's some special carve out for them, if they assume a victim role.


It's kind of a very regressive way actually of looking at the role of all sorts of people who didn't use to perform these kinds of jobs. Whereas the ones who I think actually make the biggest difference are the ones who just go and be astronauts and go into space and do their job without constantly calling question attention to what their demographic is. Those are the people who actually end up shaping society in a real way because they're being so genuine about it. They, they just couldn't get it. They could not get it through their heads. They, they are all democrat leftists from the look of it. I mean, we know a few of them are. And so they just don't think that way. They think everyone's gonna celebrate them bringing up their trauma or their breasts or their heroics or lectures on how we need to refer to their flight.


Because if you don't call them sheroes, you're a sexist pig. This is leftist thought, You know, it's on display. And that's why it kind of gets to a bigger point of can the left get past this? You know, the Democrat party's wrestling with this Right now, we overhear are just looking at them wondering what their next move is because this sort of woke very progressive cancer that they're dealing with is eating away their own party. And I've said from the beginning, I don't, I think they're stuck because they can't excise this thinking from their party. It's too deeply ingrained. It's been ingrained K through college. They're true believers in it. Now I like if they, if they cut off that arm, they, they're not gonna have a whole party.


Like they're not gonna survive without it because it's just too infested. I mean, they are losing, as, You know, groups that they thought they had owned lock, stock, and barrel forever, no matter what it is that they did. And if you, there's, there's a lot of complex reasons for that. But if you look at the kind of the ethos and the sentiments being expressed by say, black voters who would never in their entire lives have considered voting Republican before, whose families were members of the Democratic party for generations, or Latinos or LGBTs or women or any of those groups that have traditionally been more aligned with the Democratic party. I think one of the things you hear is this kind of like exhaustion about the democratic party, about American liberalism constantly imposing on them the burden to identify first and foremost not as a member of society, not as an American, not as somebody trying to support their family, not as someone trying to get ahead, but based on these demographic groups, these in this insistence that you identify first and foremost based on these demographic groups that at the end of the day don't really have much of an impact on the way in the way it is in which you live your life.


Maybe a hundred years ago it had a huge impact, but the progress that the United States has made is such that people don't wanna be defined that way anymore. And I think the more you define them that way, the more you are the one constraining them in the name of emancipating and liberating them and more and more people are catching onto that scam. It happens no matter how rich, powerful, successful these women on the left are. And that is a tease for what we're going to discuss when we come back from this break. And that person is Michelle Obama who is off her rocker on her latest message. It's unbelievable.


If you're a homeowner, listen up. When's the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house. And the answer is probably never. The problem is, in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target criminals. Forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. So stop what you're doing and find out today if you are already a victim, use promo code Megan at Home Title Lock dot com to make sure your title is still in your name. You'll also get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they will spend up to 1 million bucks. To fix it, go to Home Title Lock dot com. Now use promo code Megan, that's Home Title Lock dot com promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep us spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Glen Michelle Obama still trying to make her struggling podcast a thing. Went on a four and a half minute tear about herself and how hard it is to be Michelle Obama. We're gonna go through quite a bit of it. Here's the first one about how difficult it is for black women like Michelle to articulate their pain. We grew up with women who, who weren't voicing No. The pain. Nope. And the burden, they made it look easy. And when you make stuff look easy, people assume that you must like this.


Yeah. It's okay with you. Right, right. You know, we don't articulate as black women are paying because it's almost like nobody ever gave us permission to do that. And does anyone care? Yeah, there's that. They care. Well, if there's that part, if we Knew, I think we would care if we knew, if we knew Or You know. Yeah. And, And we have to ask ourselves, our, the men in our lives is, You know, why wait to be asked? What do you mean? You know, it it, it seems like what we go through is pretty obvious. I mean, maybe we're not complaining, but we're actually living life out loud.


This is the perfect soundbite after the discussion we just had about how the left looks at everything through this identity, you could say prism, you could also say prison where she's talking about how women aren't allowed to articulate their plane, their pain, about how they just suck it up. You know, they don't, they don't show that as if men never do that. Glen, like men, men are known, aren't they? For articulating their pain. That's what you think of when you think of man. Traditionally, Bill Burr has a new comedy special, I dunno if you've seen it, where it's essentially all about that. You know, men die of heart attacks and strokes and all sorts of coronary disease and have a life expectancy lower than women in a similar socioeconomic position according to him because they're constantly forced to suck in their pain and kind of bury their suffering and their anxieties and their fear because that's what society teaches.


Whereas women are far freer to express emotion. But, You know, leave, leave that aside for the second, Megan. We all have in our childhood, every single last one of us some kind of difficulty. You could even call it trauma if you wanna use the new modern day jargon, because being a child is actually quite difficult because you're confronting a world that you don't actually have the mental capacity to interpret or understand. You end up misinterpreting things all the time. There are parts of us that society dislikes that we don't quite know how to express or that we feel judged by. There's huge numbers of people who end up with all kinds of childhood difficulties and don't feel a need to start a podcast where they essentially spend all their time complaining about that.


And You know, you and I, I don't know if you remember, but the last time I was on your show, we, we did talk about Michelle Obama's podcast because on the list of people to feel sorry for or to think are oppressed or to think are somehow people who deserve our sympathetic attention. If you were to list all 8 billion people in the world, Michelle Obama would be, if not at the very bottom, like maybe six spots away from being at the bottom. I just checked the list. She's not on it, it's official. She's not on it. Okay. Yeah. So she, she's, I I think if you list, if you listed all 8 billion people on the planet in order of who deserves sympathy, she would be like seven spots away from the bottom, if not right at the bottom.


So, Oh no, you, you're so wrong. Listen, listen to this. Okay, I'll let you pick up your point in the back end of this, but listen to her talking about her eight years in the White House. So 27. So I'm at this stage in life where I have to define my life on my terms for the first time. So what are those terms? And going to therapy just to work all that out. Like what happened that eight years that we were in the the White House. What did that do to me? Yes. Internally, my soul, we, we made it through, we got out alive.


I hope we made the country proud. Oh my God, my girls, thank God are whole. But what happened to me, Oh my God, the utter privilege and how out of touch this person is. She lived in a 55,000 square foot mansion on the taxpayer's dime with 18 acres of rose gardens and beautiful grounds all around her flying on Air Force One, Marine One, and being the first lady of the United States lauded wherever she went with universally praising press coverage and covers of Vogue, like she was the greatest beauty who'd ever walked the face of the earth. Then left to write her bestselling memoir for which she was paid millions, then signed a Netflix deal for which she was paid millions, is giving speeches for which she's getting paid almost a million dollars per speech.


Has two daughters who went to Harvard and USC, they, the two of them together. I haven't even counted her husband's riches. They're definitely billionaires by now. The house in Martha's Vineyard, which is I think 20 thou, $20 million out on the yachts of David. What happened to me? What, why doesn't anyone think about what happened to me During my, you, I ca I'm sh I'm enraged. I'm almost speechless at how ridiculously out of touch this person is, Glen. Well, 'cause this is the thing, Megan, You know, I, I grew up like very ordinary. My, my parents were like working class, middle class, whatever. We didn't have, I'm not, You know, we weren't in in depth poverty, but we weren't, You know, at all prosperous either.


And only later in life did I start to find a certain career success because of my work. You know, you start to find financial stability and you start to find notoriety for your work. You know this very well. And it, it is possible that with all these things that you crave and that you always wanted, once you get ahold of them, there do, it does bring a certain kind of problem that you didn't anticipate. Maybe psychological problems. How do you deal with attention? Negative feedback or whatever. But, and, and it's fine to go work on that, to go get that treated to try and figure out a way to how, how to deal with those things. But if you have even the slightest amount of self-awareness, you understand that the problems that 99% of the people face in terms of how they're even gonna feed their family, the tragedies that people are going through, the losses that they suffer, the deprivations all around the world, make it so pathetic for you to go and publicly say, Hey, hey, gather around me and listen to me.


I wanna tell you about all the difficulties that, that come from being wealthy or from being famous, or from being, You know, one of the most celebrated women in the world. It's like, I'm not saying there aren't odd things about being the first lady and having that level of fame. There probably are. Nobody wants to hear about her and her difficulties, given the extraordinary blessings that she has. And you have to be so narcissistic not to realize that, You know, yes, it would really be like if Marie Antoinette summoned everybody to Versailles and said, I want you to listen to this speech about how difficult and isolating it is to be a monarch and a queen and to be swimming in wealth while you people can't afford bread.


And everybody would be like, I don't, why would I wanna hear about your problem? Right. No, it's like Meghan Markle bitching about how small her castle was. I mean, it was like, how out of touch can you be? And the thing about Michelle Obama is she's always negative. Everything she says has got a negative spin on it. She's negative about the country. She's negative about her time as First Lady. She's very negative about her husband. She, I fully believe that they have a bad marriage. She did not marry the right person. It's not a good match. She almost never says anything nice about him. That too, she's now trying to defend as somehow, I don't know, this is like a racial attack.


When people say this, you tell me if you can figure it out. By the way, she's speaking here to her brother and actress, Taraji b Henson. So 25, You know, and also as black women, we are so easily labeled as angry and bitter. And let me tell you, some of the most hurtful stuff that I experienced, You know, entering this life of public service at the heights that we entered into, was during my husband's pre presidential campaign. And just me telling the truth of who we were. You know, You know, just humanizing him as a man, saying he's, You know, he's a great man, but he's not perfect.


You know, he's got his fo foibles and his flaws trying to humanize him. The first thing that some female journalist said was that I was bitter. I was, I was emasculating him just by sort of trying to tell the truth about what life is. Right? And then you get labeled as angry, You know, because you talk forcefully or passionately about something, even if it's in the context of, of great joy and pride, that the, that the first label they put on us as black women. Oh my God, Glenn, okay, so first of all, the fact that this woman with all her riches and celebrity trappings, friends, successes, et cetera, is upset and still bitching about what quote some female journalist said one time about her 18 years ago.


Like, there's something wrong with her. Like I, I, I guarantee you I've had far more negative press than Michelle Obama. I guarantee you I have, because I have been hated by both the right and the left. And I, like you let it go. You move on. Sometimes you even befriend the people who said the nasty things about you because life is life. It's short. And the less grievances you can hold onto, the better. That's not how she sees things. And she wants to turn it all into a thing about skin color, about when people see her as yes, bitter, and yes, often angry, but what I just said is kind of just depressed and dark about most subjects.


Whenever she's talking, there's just, she's down, she's negative. She does not see the half full glass. It is quite the opposite. There is no water in her glass. You know, there's no, the glass is always empty for Michelle Obama, you're so right. Like also, she's talking as though she's this unique victim in the sense that of all the people who have run for president, all their spouses, all their family members, she's the first person who ever was the target of some sort of vitriol criticism. You know, that sort of is the nature of running for political office. You think there's a single person in the history of the United States who ran for president, who wasn't the target of the most.


I mean, look at how every single one of them is treated. I, I do. You know, I think that, and also I think it's worth remembering that her husband ran for state senate at a time when he was extremely young, and he won in a predominantly white neighborhood. He then ran in a predominantly white state as an unknown and won a senate seat for Illinois. Then two years later, he began his presidential campaign. And he was twice elected president of the United States by pretty significant margins over Mitch John McCain and Mitt Romney. People were, who were considered to be quite competent candidates. And to come out of all of that, and still to focus not on the adulation and the historical achievements and the way in which the country has progressed to make that happen.


But to remember with such bitterness and anger, some stray comment that some journalists made about you when you first started running and to shape your entire worldview and the grievances that compose it based on that, it, it's like she's so addicted to being a victim, not withstanding the fact that she's one of the most, one of the least convincing victims, that you almost start to feel sorry for her. It's like what kind of darkness and misery must she live in to? Yeah, I mean, You know that, that because you're so, like, so much of what she, I mean she, when she was describing the source of her problem, she was saying it was the eight years when she was first lady.


Like, how do I recover from that? As though she was like kidnapped by ISIS for eight years and subject to the most unthinkable abuses, and now she has to recover. She was the first lady. But if you really think that as she seems to think that the eight years that she spent in the White House were these devastating years, psychologically destructive, who's the person who was responsible for that? As we reviewed in that last clip, it was her husband who she made very clear, she never wanted to run for president and yet did so anyway against her wishes. And I mean, imagine the resentment she has, not for the world, but for him, Every time she comments on him, it's negative every time. If it were just one like, oh, I'm gonna try to humanize him so people can relate to him, that that actually wouldn't be a thing.


But it's every time she is on camera, she has a negative word about her husband who happens to be one of the most famous people in the world. I mean, I just, look, I'm, I am not in the same situation as Michelle or Barack Obama, but I've never heard my husband say a negative word about me publicly. He almost never says a negative word about me to my face. I mean, like, we have a genuinely loving relationship. I, he would never be out there and trying to make, like, humanize me. He might tell like a funny story, but he wouldn't continuously barrage people with genuinely negative things about me. Like that's, she doesn't like him. It's very clear. And then when you point that out, it's, You know, you're trying to paint me as an angry black woman.


What, how did race get put into this? What I see an unhappily married woman, but everything, everything is about race for her. It's always been, You know, back to the college days and she got back to that topic in the same four minute rant. Watch this, I, I am probably less light than many of my white female friends. I, I, I see that less, less light, less light, light, You know, not light, light light, L-I-G-H-T because I, I say this a lot. I mean, I see the difference in some of my, my, my white female friends. I see a lightness and ability to be in the world and see what's going on, but still be not as burdened about it as I think I am.


You know, I, I think that what I see happen in the news, You know, the assault on immigration rights, the, You know, the, the challenges that face our community, the inequality. I think it, it burns at me in a different way. So she Hates her friends and her husband, especially the whiteness And it all, and it all, and it all comes down to her. It's like she talks about what she perceives as these great injustices, people are suffering. And then she immediately, You know, ignores any emotional effect it has on them and then goes, right, yes. Toward her.


Yes. Yes. Great Point. And you, Megan, this is like the thing that I think and, and you were getting at, You know, like if you have any kind of public life, You know, like my husband was a member of, of, of the Brazilian Congress. He was, You know, a, a politician, be very, very public. At the same time I was doing a lot of public work with stone and f we, You know, we did all of these public things together. And in a course of a marriage, of course you have like, You know, disagreements, you have differences. That's totally normal. But every single time we were in public or giving interviews about the other person or whatever, the idea of love is, you wanna protect that person. You wanna uplift them, you wanna like, You know, do everything to fortify them. Especially 'cause there's so much in the world that that is always trying to bring you down and attack you.


And to watch her do that and also like she must, You know, even be teaching her kids these sorts of things. You know, I mean, my husband was black, our kids are multiracial. So I do think a lot about, You know, wanting to make sure they have an understanding of like their ancestry, their culture, like their tradition. Like we all should have that understanding of our ancestry and our, our culture and our tradition. But at the same time see themselves as liberated individuals that where the sky is the limit that society isn't. Yes. You know, trying to stop them, ent trapp them. And it seems like everything that comes out of her mouth is not just negative about her family and her internal life, but also the society in which she lives. And there's no benefit and no blessing and no praise that you can heap on her that will get her to stop thinking about herself as this enraged victim that everyone in the world needs to constantly hear about her pain and trauma because there's nothing else like it.


It's so narcissistic above everything else. Totally. That's why she named her memoir Beloved. I mean, honestly, it's, it's her narcissism and any criticism about her for it results in you are just thinking I'm an angry black woman. That's your racism coming out. That's I guess what she thinks of her friends. Last but not least, she finally spoke to sort of the reason she did not go to Trump's inauguration. And man, this was, this one was important to her, take a listen. But then this is what makes it hard because You know, my decision to skip the inauguration, You know what people don't realize or my decision to make choices at the beginning of this year that suited me were met with such ridicule and criticism.


Like people couldn't believe that I was saying no for any other reason. That they had to assume that my marriage was falling apart. Right. You know, it's like while I'm here really trying to own my life and intentionally practice making the choice that was right for me and it took everything in my power to not do the thing that was right or that was, was that per, that was perceived as right. But do the thing that was right for me, that was a hard thing for me to do. I had to basically trick myself out of it. And it started with not having anything to wear. I mean, I had affirmatively, 'cause I'm always prepared for any funeral, anything I have, I walk around with the right dress, I travel with clothes just in case something pops off.


So I was like, if I'm not going to do this thing, I gotta tell my team, I don't even wanna have a dress ready. Yeah. Right. Because it's so easy to just say, let me do the right thing Again. Do we don't, we don't ask a lot of our former first ladies. We really don't. We kind of forget about them. They can go off, they can make their millions, whatever. We don't bother them. Was it really such a big sacrifice to ask her to go show up at the inauguration? You know? Do you think Jill Biden really wanted to be there? Or Laura Bush for that matter? You know, Hillary definitely wanted to be there for, for different reasons.


But like, you do it 'cause the country likes these ceremonies. I realize Trump did not go to the inauguration of Joe Biden. That's a separate issue. But she talks about it like, I did what was right for me. Something like I've never done before. And for once I chose me, Glen back, the, the same theme runs throughout all of it. Yeah. You know what, I remember Megan, when I first started getting public attention from my work, and I've heard this from many other people too, You know, you can have, you can write something or you can do an interview and there's like 300 comments underneath and You know, they're all like very positive and praising of you.


Like, oh, great job and such good points. But then there's that one that is like, he seems really stupid or he's so dishonest. And that's the one that sticks in your head before you get accustomed to it until you realize like, why am I so fixated on like the negative comment when there's this, You know, mountain of praise that we also all get when our work is public. She seems never to have learned that lesson. It's like, I'm sure there was some commentary about the fact that she didn't show up there. And I think you're right. Like we all have obligations as adult members of society to do certain things that we don't wanna do. That's probably what distinguishes like being an adolescent from an adult. It's what I'm trying to teach my kids Right now as they sort of enter late adolescence, that that's what being an adult means.


And especially when you have all these benefits from having assumed a certain position. But okay, like let's say she just didn't really wanna go was the commentary really so relentlessly negative that we have to hear about her whining and and also who listens to this show, Megan. She's like, I know, I told my team don't have a dress ready. And it like, I don't think she even saying that sort of thing. I don't think she realizes how like odd how touch she is out of touch. It is, it's like yes, in the middle of your rant Talking about your team. Possible my own bag. Yeah. I don't have a team that, that packs my bags that I'd say get me ready for whatever can pop up. Yeah. And she has like every single designer in the world dying to provide her for free, like whatever their latest design is.


But she had to tell her team, oh, in this case I wanna make sure not to have a dress ready. It's just, it's so, it's just so like obsessed with her own the minutia of her own life, but not even like in an interesting positive way, right? Like, Hey, I have this really extraordinary life. I wanna tell you about what it is. It's like this constant grievance accompanied by this extraordinary life that she doesn't appreciate at all and wants everybody else to feel sorry for her. Because not everybody universally reve, universally reveres her. It's just, it, every time you show me these clips, I'm more and more amazed at at what she's doing over there. I mean, honestly, it's kind of an interesting show 'cause we're we're talking about these outsized personalities that in some cases love to victimize others and in some cases love to play the victim.


Like the first half hour was about the people at 60 Minutes, like Scott Pelley and sh Sharon Alfonse and Bill o Owens who are, who love to criticize Republicans and victimize Republicans unfairly with their sound bites and so on. And then we move on to those who love to be the victim, like that woman who came off the spacecraft and wanted to talk about being survivor. And then Gail who's a victim 'cause we're not seeing her as a shero. And then here's Michelle Obama, first lady, one of the richest, most celebrated women in the world. And that will lead me to the perfect way to cap out this hour of television. And that is with Meghan Markle. Now, there is a reason I'm bringing her up, not just 'cause she fits perfectly in the second half of our show, which She does, but because She does, because I might actually be having dinner with her tonight.


You mean just you and her or as like, at an event? No, I just thought it was a good tease. No, at the time. 100. So the time, 100 I, I'll be honest, I I have real reservations about the whole thing. I like the, it's, they, they say it's the 100 most influential people in the world. I I think the fact that Meghan Mar's going to be there is proof enough to everyone that it's not true. Okay. But it's never true. So they just pick people who are in the news, who they think they can have an event with. And I, I so-called made the list back in 2014 after we launched the Kelly file and I went, it was cool. And I saw a lot of interesting people and back then I was still kind of starry-eyed about just news and the fact that I had a primetime show, You know, it was exciting to rub some elbows and go to these black tie events.


Different story 11 years later. So yes, I made the list this year, but honestly I didn't make anything. Like I, they put me on the list because they had to. I just feel like I, they didn't give me anything. They gave me nothing. They, no one in on in the left wing press has given me anything. So I've really been wrestling. Do I go to this? It's not important to me, but I do kind of wanna have a photo on the red carpet just as like a, I'm back. You bitches on the left, You know? But that's not the right motivation to do something. So anyway, I'm going to go because I'm told that both Meghan Markle and Blake Lively will be there. And if I can get even a moment photograph like from far away with her in the background, I'm gonna break the internet.


Glenn, I'm going to break the internet. So I only know about the Blake Lively story from you. So you have, even just for that reason, you have to go and, and, and have some interaction with her after everything you've been saying and doing by way. That's reason enough. Blake Lively was also there the first time I went. So maybe I'll bring that up when I see her. I'm sure she really is gonna wanna talk to me. So Meghan Markle sits down with the Time magazine. Is it the CEO? It's a, it's a woman who does, yeah. The CEO who does an interview with her in advance of this event at which she's going to appear. And I wanna give you a sample of some of the questions and the audience will not be surprised.


One bit to hear how Ms. Markle refers to herself in her answers. Watch this. I wanna talk about you as a founder, as a CEO, as an innovator, as a creator, as an investor. We have the CEO of Netflix here. I did binge your show with Love Megan. Oh, there's nothing you can't do. Oh God. Which is amazing. But what I'd love to do was always make things in my kitchen, do small flower arrangements, pick a lot of jam. And when I was sending those as gifts one day, Bella said, there's a show here. And I hadn't at the onset thought that that was something that I wanted to, to share in that way.


And creatively we worked as partners to really find a way for it to land and for me to be able to share it and, and just have fun. Which is really, I think the goal in this chapter. How do you care for yourself? Oh, thank you for asking that. Well, look, I think part of, for me, part of what's really, really important is that love language of taking care of people also really feeds me. And I think that is in many ways part of my self-care, Which it's my understanding the first drop was sold out in 20 minutes, 45 minutes. Okay? Your third platform, which I love, is your podcasts Confessions of a Female founder.


And you've had some of the most incredible women on your show. You're really supporting women and I love that we need more of that. You're a founder. This is, she gets this from Meghan Markle bio. You, they, they ask you for your bio and clearly she gave her the, the bio that listed herself as a founder, innovator, creator. How are you? Thank you. Asking that entrepreneur Asking investor, philanthropist, Entrepreneur. Sure. Thank, thank you right for asking about me. 'cause no one, no one that she did that when she was just married to Harry. Remember on that, on that African tour when she's in the midst of like, all sorts of poverty and struggle and You know, thank you for asking about me.


'cause no one really has, no one really has. So here she's, again, thank you for asking about me. How that love language, that that feeding of others is my self care. Oh my God, Glen, You Know, I, I don't know if you're mad at me or about something, but you have shown me some of the most excruciating and unbearable footage I've seen in quite a long time. One after the next had to adore a lot. I think that, I guess that's fair. But from these like women astronauts complaining astronauts. Complaining astronauts that they're astronauts not taking seriously to Michelle Obama now to this, this whole thing.


Like, thank you for asking me how I engage in my own self-care. Because as people know, I am one of the most exhausted, one of the most pe people who have suffered basically living in the jungle. And so people are always wondering, but Megan, how about you? You're taking care of so many other people. Tell us what is it that you're doing to take care of yourself? She's like, thank you for asking me that. Nobody ever asked me that. Let me tell you what I'm doing, finally to take care of myself as well. I mean, Megan, if I were you, I would go just to be around these satirical idiots. Yeah. And also, as I said, the Blake Lively opportunity and even the Meghan Markle opportunity by itself makes it it worthwhile.


I think it'll be good fodder for the show if nothing else. I feel you Glen. I feel you intensely. But it's not every guest who can both talk about the Meghan Markle of the world with ease and go deep on Abrego Garcia Mahmood, Khalil Israel. That's what makes you so special. Tulsi all of it. Love, love, love. That's why you're the me Kelly show Godfather, The godfather of The Megyn Kelly Show. Exactly. That's one of my, the, the credentials on which I'm proudest. Thank you so much for being here, Glen. See you soon. Always great to talk to you Megan. See you soon. Bye-bye. Alright, coming up next. We have a legal expert. He's been on the show before, but I love this guy's a follow on Twitter and he's been second to none when it comes to covering all the legal battles that Trump has found himself immersed in that they're throwing at him for some clear thought.


We'll be joined by one of Mike Davis's, guys Will Chamberlain next.


Are you a yo-yo Dieter? You diet lose weight and you gain it all back plus a few and then later you lose it again. And so on and so forth. That can be dangerous. Studies show this could actually increase health problems. Breaking free of your yo-yo diet pattern is why doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement and you don't need a prescription. Lean includes natural ingredients targeting weight loss in three powerful ways, maintaining healthy blood sugar, controlling appetite and cravings. And it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back and you wanna lose meaningful weight at a healthy pace, lean could be something for you to consider. Let me get you started with 20% off when you enter MK twenty@takelean.com. That's MK twenty@takelean.com.


Under Biden, Americans, cost of Living, skyrocketed Food, housing, auto Insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


It has been the most intense legal news cycle with Lawfare 2.0 doing everything they can to thwart the president's agenda. You know, we had re the resistance during Trump 1.0 and now we have the Lawfare in Trump 2.0. Nowhere has that been more pronounced than with Trump's election promise of mass deportations with left wing lawyers trying to block Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act to remove Trenda Iua gang members and demanding the return of deported alleged. MS 13 gang member Kmar Abrego Garcia here to help break this down in understandable language is one of the strongest voices on this issue and a great follow on X. It's Will Chamberlain, he's senior council at the Article three project, which our viewers know because they know and love Mike Davis.


Will great to see you again. Great to be with you Megan. Okay, so let's just start with the Abrego Garcia case. This is the guy who is, who was found by two courts to be MS 13. And they said you're deported, but they said, all right, we'll suspend your removal because we, we've been convinced you shouldn't be shipped back to El Salvador 'cause there's this gang there that you say wants to kill you that could have been lifted immediately once that gang had been eliminated by the El Salvadorian president, we didn't really do anything about it. Instead we just turned him out back in society. He's been roaming for six years and then Tom Holman found him and now he's become the poster boy for the left because we weren't technically supposed to send him to El Salvador.


We did, but he has absolutely no right to stay in the United States. Yeah, that's Right. Something strange is happening. Something strange is happening in the case where the last two days the Trump administration has been filing things under seal so that we can't see what they are. They filed their status report about him. They're supposed to be telling everybody how he is under seal. And then they filed a, a different, a motion to stay discovery in the case stop like proceedings under seal. And that was just granted the judge in this case, Paula Zenni and Obama appointee agreed to stay discovery in this case until April 30th.


So she's put the whole thing on pause. Now, Margot Cleveland, who also does a great job covering this for the Federalist, she had speculation, her guess was that possibly Trump's working with the El Salvador government to arrange for his release, not permanently, but possibly to come back here, step foot on US soil, and then immediately be deported to someplace other than El Salvador, which would completely erase the Dems argument on him. But what do you make of this weirdness around him For the, for the recent weirdness? I, I agree something the government is somehow probably finagled his release from El Salvador in prison because, and the reason I say that is Judge Zenni had been very aggressive with the government about trying to locate this guy and very dismissive of the government's concerns.


So for her to suddenly stop being so aggressive on that front and agree to a week long stay, I don't see happening on her own accord. I don't see happening unless there is some sort of arrangement being made for this guy to, I who knows, maybe be at the El Salvador Embassy, maybe just be released from custody in El Salvador proper, but something that the plaintiffs would be okay with because the other thing is that the plaintiffs agreed to this stay of discovery and they, they'd also been extremely aggressive in trying to get these things done. Hmm. Alright, so the latest news on his case is not great for Trump. And maybe this is playing a role here in what's happening behind the scenes. Maybe it's not, but there was an economist u gov poll released yesterday that showed 50% of Americans say Trump should bring our Bgo Garcia back to the US Only 28% say he should not.


27% of Americans say Abrego Garcia is a member of the MS 13 gang. Only 30% or 30%, I should say believe he is not a member of the gang. 43%, not sure. This is obviously a result of the very biased media coverage on this issue where everybody's been telling them that he's just a Maryland dad, but it's not a case that Trump wants to lose either the legal or the PR war on. So what do you think he should do with this guy at this point? Well, I mean, I think the, the reasonable course here is to either with him still in El Salvador or when he's here, you should go to court and get that withholding of removal lifted.


And you can do that honestly without him even being present because you don't even need new evidence. It's the simplest way to get him removed is to say that because the immigration judge and the Board of Immigration Appeals found that he was a member of MS 13, that he's stopped from challenging that going forward. And since the government declared MS 13 a foreign terrorist organization, it's just a straightforward legal conclusion that the guy is no longer eligible for withholding of removal. And So he has to go back And that can be done if he needs to participate at all. It can be done via Zoom. He doesn't have to be on US soil. Correct. Yeah. I mean, and if you needed another argument, I don't think you would, but it's the argument you just talked about, the one about the fact that the Barrio 18 gang that supposedly is extorting his mother's posa shop.


Well after its closure, that gang is no longer functional in El Salvador because Aya Bucha has transformed El Salvador into one of the safest countries in the Western hemisphere. Wow. So the shop is no longer there. And the gang that was targeting the, the business is no longer there. And the only thing that's really no longer there is Abrego Garcia and he needs to be there. Yes, he's in El Salvador, but not, not yet free as far as we know. You've been calling attention because a lot of people have been casting doubt now on these two immigration courts findings that he is MS 13. They, it came up in the context of a should we give him bond? What we're trying to decide what to do with him. And two judges said, no, we should not, this guy's, MS 13 people aren't buying it because they're not following people like you on X and following actual reporting.


But one of the reasons they say he's probably not his defenders. And even the district court judge in this case said, well, he, he, they said this, this informant said he was a member of the quote westerns clique within MS 13. And that group only operates on Long Island in New York and he's in Maryland. So aha. The, the confidential informant was wrong and he can't be MS 13. Yeah. Except that the Western League does actually operate in Maryland and DOJ has routinely claimed that in any number of filings, plea agreements, indictments, I am unclear that the plaintiff's this claim came from the underlying complaint just filed by one plaintiff's lawyer where he said that the DOJ has said that they operate in New York, a place where a Briga Garcia has never lived, as far as I can tell, he basically just invented this out of thin air based on doing one quick search on the DOJ website for Western Kle MS 13.


And there's only one result that pops up, which is this double murder where a member of the western clique was actually a victim of the double murder. But it has no analysis of where does the Western clique operate. And MS 13 cliques operate all around the country. They're, I mean, they're generally, it's, You know, part of the history of MS 13 as I've recently learned is, You know, it's, it started when a bunch of El Salvador and gang bangers were deported back to El Salvador, I think in under the Reagan administration. And then they, You know, took over El Salvador largely. And then they started sending that, You know, the, the cliques were actually named after streets in Los Angeles, but they ended up sending people all over the country. So yeah, the Western clique operates in Maryland. DOJ has said that repeatedly.


And it's honestly, if I were Judge Zenni, I'd be really embarrassed and very angry at the plaintiff's lawyer because basically his complaint had be put a blatant and obvious falsehood in my opinion. Right. The, you point out that there's a, at least a November 1st, 2011 RICO indictment that's racketeering. It's like gang, they used it to go after the mob and sometimes gangs by the government against members of MS 13, not this guy. But in that they argued specifically that MS 13 affiliates, affiliates operate within the Washington DC metro area, including the western clique. So it's in, I didn't realize it's clique instead of clique. In any event, it's in writing right there from the federal government long predating Donald Trump, Mrs 2011, that would've been Barack Obama's DOJ saying that.


So the other thing is they say, well, you can't use the fact that he was wearing a hoodie, a Chicago Bulls hoodie and, and cap against him. But we've taken a look at the immigration judge who initially denied the bond to him. And the truth is, well she placed almost no importance on that. And she wrote that she was placing almost no importance on that. But the truth is also it is very relevant. That is how they dress. Correct. And, and I think honestly the most relevant piece of information, which again was omitted from all the public media reporting, was that the guy was arrested in the company of two other confirmed members of MS 13, which, You know, you don't hang out with those guys.


I, I mean, You know, when I go get coffee sometimes I guess I get bored. But the, the, the concept being that like that, that you ask a normal person on the street, well what, what would be the most relevant evidence of this person being an MS 13, I don't know, hanging out with MS 13 members. And as a result, You know, you, you see this poll and it's totally a product of the, the plaintiff's lawyer and the media working together to just put out falsehoods and otherwise in mislead both judges and the public. And it's pretty clear that the guy is MS 13. And You know, oddly enough, I think ultimately it really shouldn't matter that much because he is an illegal alien and he was, You know, de he was crossed into the country in 2012, got detained in 2019 and somehow still is here in 2025.


I mean, it, it shouldn't matter, but in the sense that there's this massive PR campaign to try and get this guy back. Well yeah, he is actually an MS 13 and also he's a wifebeater and I don't know why we are eager to return this guy to his family when, You know, he was beating his US citizen wife and people assume, well the wife says she wants him back. It's like, well, I I mean, is she afraid of what his colleagues might do to her? There's, there's a whole bunch of interesting dynamics that aren't really being explored here. That is a very good question. Her, she went on Good Morning America last week when this whole thing was like coming to a point and her attempted rehabilitation of him after it broke that she had accused him of being a wife beater was pathetic.


I mean it was absolutely half hearted and I hadn't even considered until you just said it, that it was out of fear of what some of the other MS 13 gang members might do. We're gonna pull it over and I'll play it one second as, as we have it. Before we get to that though, you pointed out that another great Twitter, Twitter follow is, which is a guy who goes by shipwrecked crew on Substack and this guy had some very interesting posts about ICE and how it operates. And this was news too. He, he was calling to our attention that the determination by ICE and Maryland police for that matter, that Abrego Garcia was a member of MS 13, was not made lightly. And he points out because these determinations are absolutely critical in preventing violence inside either a jail or a detention center, that while you and I are going about our lives, wondering whether it's click or clique, the people who have to arrest these people and then put them in detention centers or jails, actually must figure out whether they're gang members and which gang.


Correct. Yeah, I mean I think Bill Shipley, who goes by shipwreck crew on Twitter, he had a number of really interesting points. That was a key one. Yeah, because they fight, obviously Fight Internally. Right, exactly. And I mean, you'd think, you realize immigration judges probably handle MS 13 issues and, and You know, foreign gang issues far more often than a district court judge who, You know, is dealing with a wide sprawling variety of cases as opposed to an immigration judge who's just seeing deportation and removal in front of them. So I think one of, You know, there's a big meta issue with regard to the lack of respect being accorded to the immigration judge and the immigration courts here. I mean, if you read that district court opinion, it just completely dismisses the findings of the original immigration judge as being based on nothing based on sparse evidence.


And, and she's doing this on, on, You know, in the posture of a reviewing an injunction where she hasn't gotten any real factual record developed in front of her. She just is, I mean she was just taking the word of the plaintiff's lawyer and the complaint, which was we discussed earlier, was really not a very credible person. That's right. Not not worthy of trusting whatsoever. And then another point, I saw this too in Annie McCarthy's article over at National Review that that Abrego Garcia's defenders are making is that, I don't wanna screw it up, is that there's been no evidence since 2019 and that immigration judge and then the appellate court above her, that he's a member of MS 13, like maybe he's no longer a member of MS 13, maybe he's like a reformed member of MS 13.


But this guy, bill Shipley is pointing out that his own complaint reveals that after he was arrested in March by ice quote, he was shown several photos where he appeared in public and asked about other people in those photos but was unable to provide any information on them as he did not know them or anything about them. Now that, that his defenders say is proof he didn't know these gang members. Like he doesn't know he has no idea and shipwreck crew and you see it differently. Yeah, it seems like if they're asking him these questions, they're kind of wondering like, are, do You know this person? 'cause they probably identified him as maybe an MS 13 gang member himself. Maybe they know, maybe they don't. But the fact that he would renounce knowing people in photos when being asked by police is not proof that that is true.


Is not proof that he doesn't know those people. I'm not one, It's even more sketchy. I'm not, Yeah. I'm not one to believe that gang members are particularly fulsome with police, especially ones that have a low, You know, a gang motto of see no evil here, no evil speak no evil. Yes. Or I I think it actually might be see nothing say not hear nothing, You know, might, might not quite be that, but it's something along those lines. They, yeah, he's, he pointing out here that every ice office would've prioritized their targets based on their own files. The Prince George's County, Maryland law enforcement, that they have an MS 13 gang unit and obviously they have an MS 13 gang problem.


And so it's, You know, all these things sort of come together and then there was the wife and that exchange on GMA. Here it is. And, and I know this is a sensitive question, but I have to ask it. You, you did take out a temporary order of protection against your husband in 2021. Were you in fear of your husband? My husband is alive. That's all I can say. What, Okay. You know, I'm not gonna push on that apparently, I mean will. Right. It's not a great answer. No, it's not. And I think maybe, You know, this is where maybe you originally think, oh, she's covering for him.


But I think there's, You know, you can see her pause and think really hard for a second. And, and I think that's, that's where, You know, my analysis or my theory is that's fear and that's fear of saying the wrong thing. And what will, what will happen to her if she does. I mean, if, if he is indeed an MS 13, MS 13 still operates in Maryland and I'm sure they are not keen on people ratting out their members for even, You know, beating their wives. I don't assume they have some, You know, internal HR processes in MS 13 to deal with domestic abuse. Yeah. So suspect Suspecting the other, the other is the smuggling, the alleged human smuggling or trafficking, because this came out, I think it was the Tennessee Star that first broke it, but he was pulled over in a two thou in 2022 in a car.


And the, the evidence that ju just the news just came out with this report, which is interesting. They say he was stopped by police in an SUV owned by a man who was himself deported after pleading guilty to smuggling illegal aliens in 2020. Well that's not great. That's, that's his bud. Some guy who pleaded guilty already to smuggling illegal aliens into the country in 2020 citing Homeland security intel. And on top of that, they go on to say that the El Salvadoran driving the car was driving a black 2001 Chevy Suburban, said he was transporting his passengers to Maryland from Texas for construction work. Although the state trooper found no luggage in the SUV.


These are bad facts for Mr. Brega Garcia. He's not the driver, but he's in the car. Why, why, what's the story with this guy then? They say the owner of the vehicles been identified as Jose Ramon Hernandez Reyes. Abrego Garcia told the state trooper that the owner was his boss. They say, let's see, Baltimore field office. They said, but believe this belonged to a target they suspected of human trafficking or smuggling. And so all of this is circumstantial evidence, but it's powerful. And these people who don't believe he's an MS 13 have heard none of it. I, I mean I think it's clear this Abrego Garcia is MS 13. That's certainly my conclusion based on these facts. It doesn't matter though, right.


Like that the bottom line that people need to remember is we do not in any way need to show that in order to keep him outta this country. Correct. I mean, he's he's an illegal alien. Everybody admits he's an illegal alien. He shouldn't have been granted withholding a removal in the first place. You know, just the preposterousness of his story, the fact that he was originally found to be MS 13, but he doesn't just have a right to be here because he hasn't been formally convicted of a crime or formally convicted of being an MS 13. None, none of that matters. It, it's illegal. Aliens don't have a right to be in the United States. I feel like, You know, part of the red, big reg red herring that comes from the left on immigration is the idea that it's like, well, was he convicted of a crime?


Well, who cares ultimately, who cares? Who cares? It's just, that's yeah. Just a question of priority. It's not a question of deportability. Yeah. It's you, you can be a perfectly nice person. You actually could be really sweet And we can still kick your ass outta here if you're here illegally. That's just the way it is. It's, it, it becomes relevant because Trump is using, for example, the Alien Enemies Act to get rid of some of these people. And under the Alien Enemies Act, he's declared an incursion for, by the Venezuelan trend to UA members saying, You know, we're under a special kind of threat. And he's saying that gang members are terrorists too, which allows him a more expedited removal pursuant to his proclamation.


So it gives him additional layers of authority to eject this guy, but he doesn't need them. Those are all belts and suspenders and ways of getting him out faster. We, we hoped and, and just more expeditiously. But they've gummed it up the A CLU at every turn. So you, we think that probably we're going to be able to keep Abrego Garcia out. It's just a question of whether we're gonna give him some sort of a Zoom hearing or something. But do you think he'll ever step foot on US soil with our consent anyway? Again, I mean, only to immediately be whisked into a detention center so that further proceedings can be had on his removal that, I mean, it's quite possible that they'll decide to, You know, 'cause o obviously Judge Zenni wants him back And we have all this, You know, shenanigans or secret events going on at the court se filings under seal.


So I think in that event, if in the event that he, You know, they, they've actually found a way to get him released from El Salvador, he'll, he'll set foot on American soil only to be whisked into detention. Okay. Now what is your thought on how Trump is getting away with shipping all these people to El Salvador and imprisoning them indefinitely? Because my understanding is bouquet said they're gonna stay in that jail for a year and then we'll see. So this is where, You know, even I have some problems because we can't just ship people off, You know, out of the country, put them in jail and throw away the key forever. That's, we don't have that.


Right. We do have the right to deport them And we have the right to hold them for some period of time until we've determined that they're deportable. But I don't, I'm not sure how we're getting to goodbye and you're in jail forever. So I think the key distinction here is between the Venezuelan trend Argo members and the Salvadorans like Abrego Garcia. So for the Salvadorans like Abrego Garcia, my understanding based on having read, read a lot of briefing is those individuals are simply deported nationals returned to El Salvador in custody. There's not a continuing arrangement for the government, our government to be paying for them to be held there. There are El Salvador nationals who are legal aliens.


El Salvador has an obligation to take them in. And then what they do with them is the, You know, within the discretion of the Salvadorian government and the Salvadorian people. Hmm. As for trend ua, the problem there is that the Venezuelan government has refused repatriation flights. They'd refuse to take these people back. And so that creates a problem because then you have to find a third country to take them. And it's pretty challenging to find a third country willing to tank hardened gangsters who, You know, took over an apartment complex in Colorado. So the, I I I see the, the, the fact that they're in El Salvador and Sea Cot as sort of this temporary place where they're gonna be until Venezuela agrees to own up to their responsibility and take back their nationals who are in our country illegally.


And there was news earlier this week of some sort of a prisoner swap between El Salvador and Venezuela. I can't remember exactly what the details of it were, but it certainly suggested that that could be the end, You know, the end game here. I don't know how may, maybe Venezuela will take them back if, I don't know. They wanna get rid of their own El Salvadorans back to Bucha. I have no idea what the, what the Venezuelans get out of taking back Trenda UA gang members. But it better that that it's their problem than ours is the bottom line. That thing about the MS 13 gang members is very interesting though. I didn't realize that. But it makes sense because what BUCA's done with that prison and the, the reason he's made El Salvador so safe is because he is locked up all the gang members in El Salvador, of which we believe Abrego Garcia is won.


So if Boule is convinced, and by the way he is, that this guy is MS 13, he is going into that prison. Yeah. And maybe not, maybe because there's so much American interest in this, he'll be held in a nicer prison because he wants to keep Chris Van Holland and, and all the other goofballs in the, You know, Democrat house caucus half be happy. Okay. But it's, I think it's just a, a different way to look at the problem. Like the, You know, there's just this default assumption that Abrego Garcia and other Salvadorans were sent there and are, and are being held at the US government's request. It's like, no, no, no, they're Salvador ins. This is where they go. They, they, yeah. And, and you, if you're upset with BUCA's policy then, then take it up with the El Salvadorians, hire some El Salvador lawyers and try and get 'em off there.


Let's switch to Alien Enemies Act, which is the, the declaration that Trump made that we're suffering an incursion or an invasion. And this does swoop up trend to UA members and it's allowed him to deport a bunch of them. And he is, he wants to deport a whole lot more by saying, I'm gonna use this extraordinary act that will very much limit the due process. I have to afford any of these people. And that's a, that's a plus. 'cause you don't wanna give everybody lengthy due processor. This will take forever. And he's only on the criminals so far when he gets to the, You know, you're illegal, but you didn't break another law, it's gonna get even more controversial. These deportations, the Supreme Court stopped on Friday night, his use of that act to deport anybody.


And Mike Davis with you at Article three was tweeting out yesterday, hello, You know, co-president John Roberts. When are we gonna be able to continue the important international policy work and military work of getting rid of these threats to the United States? You know, let us know when we can resume. And so far the Supreme Court hasn't said anything. We don't know when a decision is coming or frankly at this point will, I don't even know if the decision is coming from the lower court, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals or from the US Supreme Court. Talk about what you think is happening here. Well, I, I think what's gonna happen is they're gonna have to list, lift this administrative stay if they want to ever preserve any legitimacy they have.


And it's not even the substance aside, they didn't have jurisdiction because there was no lower court ruling. Right. To review the Supreme Court is a court of review, not first view, and the All Ritz Act, which is the basis on which they exercise, they tried to give this injunction, is only gives you, it only allows you to issue Ritz in aid of your underlying jurisdiction. If there was never a lower court opinion, then what's going to the Supreme Court is so-called original jurisdiction. And we know if, You know, if you're a lawyer and you remember your con law, that's for like when a state is litig, You know, is litigating against another state. The Supreme Court hears the case in the first instance, but that's it. So, I mean, it's a brazen error procedurally, and, You know, all this talk, I mean, I, my basic understanding of what actually happened here is that the A CLU spazzed out and then the Supreme Court took them at their word and the A CLU did all sorts of crazy litigation stuff.


Like they went to the district court, told them they had 42 minutes to get their opinion out before we go to the appellate court and treat it as a constructive denial. They, You know, the district court didn't rule it, only had 40 minutes. They went to the APPELL on Good Friday, did the same thing, and went to the Supreme Court. Yeah, I know. It's such a strange thing for the US Supreme Court to act that quickly. The A CLU says it had to happen because they were loading these guys up on buses and they were told that they were going to El Salvador, and when we got that ruling from the Supreme Court, or when we filed our motion, they turned those buses around, which they think is proof that Trump was again about to deport a bunch of people, even though he knew that there were motions trying to stop it.


Yeah. And I'm also at the point where I just simply don't believe what the lawyers for immigrate, You know, the plaintiffs in these cases say anymore. Like I, I I, I, I have a default skepticism of what they say. So, You know, maybe they say, oh, this is why the bus turned around. I would point out that, well, you seem to know who your plaintiffs were and who got these notices, which means they got notice and had time to file the habeas petition, which is exactly what the Supreme Court demanded in the opinion that came out a couple weeks ago. Do you think that Trump will ultimately be upheld on his use of the Alien Enemies Act because the high court hasn't yet adjudicated that It will eventually. Yeah, I think so. I, because I, I don't think that the judiciary is competent to determine whether when there has been a predatory incursion or a military invasion, they have no yes.


Intelligence services. They have no military, they don't know what the president knows. So, You know, in every other context where that's the case, that the amount of deference given to the executive is massive. So, You know, there was like a, a district judge in Colorado who just enjoined this whole thing herself on the basis of saying, well, this doesn't seem like a predatory incursion to me. It's like, well, who are you and what do You know? I mean, this is not right. It's not your call. Right. I think you're right. I've been saying they've been arguing with a lot of people over this. I just don't think, how can the Supreme Court have the final say on what a predatory incursion is, and whether, whether this is one. I just, by what standard will they judge that?


I just don't, I don't see it. That's the commander in Chief's call, and I think, I believe Chief Justice John Roberts is gonna know that I think they'll limit their review to whether these people have had adequate due process before their adju adjudicated terrorists or gang members under the Trump Executive Order that invokes the act, and I think you and I are probably on the same page that that due process is going to be very limited. It's even, I mean, it just, there's no way it's gonna be much more than you get a hearing, you get a notice that you're going to be deported and you get a hearing at which they decide whether you are deportable. Right. I think the, the only hiccup here is that essentially, I think the Supreme Court will ultimately say that they need a chance to prove they're not trend arag.


Right. That's, they, they have to chance to prove that they're not in the class of alien enemies that are covered by the proclamation. Yep. And who knows what that looks like? I think, my guess is it'll be more efficient than normal. The normal process, which allows you to get access to, You know, argue for withholding of removal, argue that you shouldn't be sent to the country based on the convention against torture, but it, who knows, it might actually be less efficient. It's possible. I think that that's, that's what the A CLU is ultimately fighting for. They're trying to, they, they, I don't think they think they can stop the use of the Alien Enemies Act, but if they can gum it up enough to make it a, You know, as slow or only slightly more efficient than normal immigration processes, then maybe the administration stops trying to use the Alien Enemies Act.


Mm. Yes. This just in Trump has just asked the US Supreme Court to allow him to enforce the transgender military ban. That was another executive order where he said, I no more trans people in the military. There's too many reasons not, not to allow them. I mean, you can't, you, you're not supposed to be in if you have anxiety. So it's like, if you've got the number of issues that come with being trans, it makes perfect sense. But he's been stopped by a lower court judge who said, no, I don't think you're gonna succeed in defending that executive order. I think it's gonna be thrown out as violative of the US Constitution's Fifth Amendment Right. To equal protection under the law. And therefore, I'm, I'm banning you from enforcing it while this case plays out.


It was a Seattle based judge, and now they are asking the US Supreme Court team Trump to lift that ban on so that they can fire these trans people from the military and then let the case play out on the merits. How do you like his chances in getting that ban lifted? I like his chances. I think there's been a cultural shift also at the Supreme Court. You know, we have the hearings about the craziness going on in Montgomery County where, You know, they're trying to force kids to listen to, You know, discussions of bondage or something and telling them, it's like, well, you can just unenroll in the school if you don't like it. So, and I, You know, the questions from people like Gorsuch made clear they didn't think very much of those arguments. I think in general, they're gonna look at this and say, especially when it comes to military readiness, You know, I mean, I have a DD for example, And if I were young enough to join the military, that would be sufficient to block me from, from joining up.


If a DD is a sufficient disorder to constitute that, I don't know how believing You know that you were born into the wrong gender and that you need massive physical surgery to, to change yourself isn't also something that should bar you for military service. So net net, your take on the lawfare against Trump, I mean the law fair against Trump is remarkably aggressive. Some, there's a part of it that's a product of the fact that this Trump administration is much more aggressive than the first one. They're trying to push the limits a little more, see where their power lies. So you'd expect a few more injunctions. With that said, the judiciary has reacted in an unbelievably aggressive manner, and the constitutional crisis is being created by the judiciary.


I mean, just, You know, again, look at that Supreme Court ruling that just came out where they literally took a case without jurisdiction and issued an injunction on Good Friday evening. They have an unbelievably quick trigger finger with the Trump administration, both district judges, and apparently now the Supreme Court, and they gotta get it together because, You know, they, they need to follow their own rules and their own laws if they're gonna start accusing the administration of wild law breaking. Oh, well, so good to talk to you. I love your clear-eyed analysis on all these, like very murky issues. Really appreciate it. Please come back. Absolutely. Great to be with you, Meghan. Alright, see you soon.


Alright, before we go, I wanted to tell you that our first MK Media show, The Nerve with Maureen Callahan launched this week in the premier episode. It's so good. Maureen's, she tells a very funny story right off the top about what happened after she left this show. For that Meghan Markle parody episode we did, you've gotta just, you'll laugh, but in her premier episode, she dives into the topic of Mean Girls and why they only get meaner as they get older. And she exposes a terrible story about actor John Ham. My god, I didn't know anything about this, but she took a deep dive into allegations from his past, which I think you'll find interesting here. Is Maureen, just a clip on how she says John Ham was able to avoid scrutiny for this alleged hazing incident from years ago by getting involved with the Hollywood in-Crowd watch. My theory about them is that they were never the homecoming queens. They were the comedy nerd girls who kind of didn't fit in. And a guy like John Ham comes along and pays them some attention and their knees buckle. They can't believe it. They can't believe a guy this hot would look twice at them. And so they're doing dirty work for him. In my opinion, you can't tell me they don't know about this. If I know about it, they have to know about it. And now we all know about it. She's doing a great job already and she didn't seem nervous at all. You gotta watch or listen to the show to get Maureen's full reporting and analysis of the story. John Ham even responded to it after being pressed on it by the Daily Mail. Go ahead and subscribe and follow Maureen at The Nerve show.com, The Nerve on all YouTube podcast platforms and social accounts. Episode two is out tomorrow.


We Are Back Tomorrow with another MK Media host. Mark Halprin joins us for the full show. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.