
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing Unspoken the new Diamond fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly interwoven in white or yellow, 14 karat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Monday. Have you gotten all your Christmas shopping done yet? I I have not. And it is a stressor. It is. I like, as your kids get older, you don't even really know what to buy. It was so much easier when they were younger. Anyway, God bless everyone and I hope it's going better for you than it is for me. If you have great ideas for a 15, 13, and 11-year-old, I would love to hear them.


You can email me megan@megankelly.com and before the week is through, I'll offer you some of the ideas I have come up with. Maybe we can share and contrast. In any event, today, we start with this delicious news. I mean, you never see, you never see these media organizations held to account for their vile lies. They tell about Donald Trump. I mean, it's rare to see it happen at all. And trust me as a media figure, I'm not clamoring to see media figures get sued for defamation, for, You know, mild sins or even moderate sins. But this was just so egregious and they did it over and over and over again at a b, C News.


They didn't care. They clearly enjoyed saying what George Stephanopoulos said. It made them feel good about themselves. This is George Stephanopoulos. I'll just leave the dirty teen joke there. That that's, that's how he feels about saying nasty things about Trump. And finally it came back to bite him. I would love to see what's in his text messages to his producers because I guarantee it just cost a, b, c news $15 million. That's almost certainly what happened. So you may have heard this over the weekend, Trump sued a BC news and a BC news caved.


They collapsed. They gave in like that and quickly settled the case with President-elect Donald Trump. After the network's top star George Stephanopoulos had been ruled by the judge to be required to sit for a deposition. He fought it. He didn't wanna have to do it. And the judge late last week said, well, you have to, you said a bunch of dumb shit. You've been sued for defamation. I've refused to get rid of this case thus far. And you must sit like any other defendant. You privileged whatever. You must sit for a deposition and answer questions from Trump's lawyer.


Trump earlier in the case, had said, I'll sit for deposition, but not right now. 'cause I'm like running for president, so I'm kind of busy. And the judge gave him a delay, but the judge also looked at Trump and said, you must sit too. You, you got a little time in your hands. I'm, I'm aware of your job. So Trump was gonna have to sit too. But Trump we know is willing. Trump sat when he was getting sued by Eugene Carroll. Remember that's that famous exchange with her lawyer. He is like, you, for example, would never be my type when he, she said, did you say can grab women by the, You know what? And they'll let you do it and you're a star. And he said, well, for thousands of years that's been true.


Unfortunately, or fortunately, that was Trump sitting for a deposition in a civil lawsuit that was against him. So he will do it, but George Stephanopoulos would not. He got the order that he would have to testify under oath. And they caved. They collapsed, they gave in and cried. Uncle, it's sad 'cause I would've loved to have read that deposition transcript. You guys are probably familiar with the absolutely disgusting interview that led to all of this with George Stephanopoulos. We did a big episode on this Because he had on Congresswoman Nancy Mace back in the spring.


And remember he was disgusted that this rape victim could back. It was someone who he kept claiming had been found liable for rape. That was the defamatory statement over and over and over. And we pointed out that that was false. And I believe we even suggested that Trump should sue him. That that he, he, that that was completely inaccurate wrong and it was liable. And we focused on the fact that he thought it would be super fun and really like make him look good to go after a rape survivor, Nancy Mace, and really twist her, her facts and her words in her face. Like, if you were raped, how could you support a rapist?


You claim you're a rape victim. How could a rape victim support a ri great, great positioning. You're idiots. Stephanopoulos is an idiot and so are his producers because lemme tell you, in all my years at Fox, nevermind my shorts did stint in NBC, the producers have a couple of main jobs. One is to arm the anchor with facts fail, okay, fail there. And two is to protect the anchor. You protect the anchor. And so if the anchor is out there saying something colossally stupid, usually if you have a great producer, they'll get in your ear to say, no, it's this. No, it's that.


Be careful. And that that happens with me all the time on this show. My producers, the ones who run, heard on various segments that I'm doing, if I, they, they realize I've said something inaccurate or that I am searching for a factor are constantly in my ears, is why I wear these headphones to say it's this or it's that. This whole thing that you're watching and listening to is a team effort. And 10 times that, a hundred times that on a, b, c broadcast news and a Sunday show, like the one George Stephanopolis sits for partisan hack. He's been there a long time. It doesn't make him any more respectable. He's a partisan hack. He started off as a partisan hack and he remains one, he's just too ballish to own his partisan nature and wants us to believe that he's straight and narrow.


Now, notwithstanding all those years helping Bill Clinton and, and the irony of him going after a rape supporter in that way, how could you support a rape supporter? My God, the nerve to support a rape support, a a rape committer after his years running the war room, tearing down Bill Clinton's sexual assault accusers. I mean, it's just rich. So now the whole thing has cost him his reputation and his company. $15 million. Okay, we're gonna get into all of this. There's more on the, on the media front, not only with him, but also here. Do you remember the story we brought to you on Friday with Hugh Hewitt in which we questioned CNN's Clarissa Ward's report about allegedly stumbling into this dramatic rescue of a Syrian war prisoner.


Ah, he's there under the blanket and there's no bucket for waste that we can see. And he's as clean as I am sitting on this set, even though he says he is been behind bars for three months and five for four days without food or water. And he's not blinded when he sees the sun and he like all sorts of weird things. Well, there's an update joining me now today for the full show, the ejs, Emily Jasinski DC correspondent for Unheard and host of Undercurrents and Eliana Johnson, editor in chief of the Washington Free beacon and co-host of the podcast Ink stained retches.


For those of us who have been holding our breath for the past several months, we can finally exhale in the wake of this presidential election, right? Work can finally be done on the major issues that this country's facing. And one of the most significant is our national debt. Look, the fact is our nation's broke and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled by anyone. So the strategy remains the same when it comes to your investments. You might wanna diversify your savings. Virtually all the experts say that's a good idea. This is why I wanna tell you about birch gold. So many things are out of our control and out of our president's control that it really can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you if you would like to convert all or part of an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold, which is like a hedging of the bets. And the best news is it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. You just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and you get your free info kit. And plus, right now you will receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased Silver Eagle Coin protect your savings with Birch Gold text MK 2 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Ladies, welcome back. Are you enjoying? Bye Megan. You see meltdown and collapse as much as I the surrender in this case as much as I am. I, I'll start with you, Emily. Oh, well, I'm also enjoying really ABC's peers in media freaking out because of the a, b, C settlement. I mean, that's been, I think equally as delicious is watching so many people not criticize a, b, C for quote unquote caving. And You know, what was a pretty serious case? I mean that it, it's, it's just in the last 24 hours that so many different people in media are now accusing a, b, c basically of enabling Trump when they were staring down the barrel of a very, very problematic deposition being in litigation with an incoming president.


And all of that would entail for their, for the incoming administration, their coverage of the incoming administration. I mean, like you said, I'm not cheering on like lowering the threshold for defamation for journalists. And I don't necessarily think this lowers the threshold. I think it really was a very, very serious case. So all kinds of shot in Freud to be enjoyed this morning. You know, the the thing that got them in trouble, Eliana, was he went out there repeatedly said that a jury had found him liable for rape, which is not what happened. A jury found Trump liable for sexual abuse and they said no on the rape charge. Then the judge wrote up his like interpretation of what happened.


Obviously this judge was not a Trump fan and the judge Lewis Kaplan wrote as follows. After the fact when Trump was seeking a new trial, the judge wrote the finding that Ms. Carroll failed to prove that she was raped within the meaning of New York. Penal law does not mean that she failed to prove that Mr. Trump raped her, as many people commonly understand the word rape. Okay? Nobody even understands what that means other than this judge wanted someone to see the word, the word rape and Trump's name in a headline. But the, the fact remains, the jury's verdict is the jury's verdict.


And no judge can change it with words after the fact or their post verdict interpretation. The judge can throw it out. The judge can lower the charge potentially by throwing a charge out, but he, he can't increase the charge from sexual abuse to rape. It's not a possibility, neither this judge nor any other. And the bottom line is Trump was not found liable for rape by this jury. And despite that fact, George Stephanopoulos went out on the air and that interview and sounded like this sought to, And you've endorsed Donald Trump for president judges and two separate juries have found him liable for rape.


Donald Trump has been found liable for rape by a jury. I'm asking you a question about why you endorse someone who's been found liable for rape. You're trying, someone who's been found liable for rape have to answer the question, why are you supporting someone who's been found liable for rape? They are afraid to come forward, As you said, because they're defamed by those who commit the rape. You don't find it offensive that Donald Trump has been found liable for rape. Well, actually what you're doing is defending a man who's been found liable for rape. I don't understand how you can do that. No, the judge affirmed that was in fact rape. Donald Trump was found to have committed rape. That's just a fact that, And that's why he's now having to pay $15 million or his news organization is Eliana.


So what do you make of it? This is astonishing for a number of reasons, a couple of which we haven't touched on yet. But I really can't recall a case in which a major national news organization had to pay a sum like this to a celebrity or politician in the us And that's particularly because the protections for news organizations are so high. So you can't be sued just for saying something untrue, can't be sued for, for liable or defamation for saying something untrue. Trump would've had to show that George Stephanopoulos did.


So with actual malice, that's the standard and it's a very high standard. But this, this case never went that far. And I think that's the question is A BC actually might have had a strong case because, because the, it is so hard to win these lawsuits. And the question is why did they settle? Why did they settle and why did they settle Now? Was it that they didn't want to be involved in litigation with the sitting president of the United States? Or was it that they knew very embarrassing and unflattering things would come out in the discovery process or that Stephanopoulos would be forced to make embarrassing admissions in a deposition?


We don't know, but to me there are, there are some serious unanswered questions about why the settlement was made and around the timing of it that lead to speculation around those things. I have to assume that it was one of those things and that paying $15 million now was less painful for them than going through a humiliate potentially humiliating or embarrassing discovery process. But You know what, what they also skipped was the motion for summary judgment phase because that's filed after you get depositions from each side, what normally would happen is they take Stephanopolis deposition, they take Trump's deposition and whoever else's that they wanted.


And then you get all your deposition transcripts ready and you file as the defendant a motion for summary judgment. Meaning give me a win here, judge, and dismiss this defamation claim against a, BC without a trial. Because here you can see right here that everyone admits the judge said this, but the problem is that they didn't do that. So they, they wanted to get outta this before they even had that, that serious shot at getting it dismissed altogether by the judge. They, which tells me they didn't want him sitting for deposition. That's why they paid the 15 million. That plus they were probably yes a bit unbended knee because they're afraid of Trump.


Not so much in his capacity as a plaintiff, but in his capacity as the president-elect. And they need him, a, b, c news needs to have relationship with him and this is no way to do it, to, to continue to lie about him, to maintain that your lies were justified. You were allowed to tell them notwithstanding the fact that it is indisputable, he was not found liable by a jury for rape. As Stephanopoulos said over and over Emily. He said, yeah, you wrote the clip of him saying that's just a fact and it's sort of the problem with people like George Stephanopoulos and, and crystallized in one perfect example. That's just a fact about something that's absolutely not a fact.


In fact, it was found the opposite, like literally the jury answered. No, and it's also interesting, I mean we haven't even touched on the rank misogyny in that interview, which is just maddening to watch. He's telling Nancy Mace exactly how she should feel about this as a woman, as somebody who's survived sexual abuse. But he also Trump was, I believe in this judgment, found liable of something much lower than rape, which was sexual abuse, which George Stephanopoulos could have used that there's something very yes, particular about wanting to, you're still right, accuse Trumper being held liable of rape that they knew better. I mean, they wanted to use this Aaron Blake Washington Post story they put up on the screen. If people were watching this and saw the a BC clip, they used this Aaron Blake Washington post story about what Judge Kaplan who was trying to like hedge and, and show there was a wiggle room on, You know, how people understand rape being different than the legal standard of rape.


It was just ridiculous for a judge to be involved in. But they wanted that Washington Post story to give them license to say that it's just a fact when the jury said something completely different and it didn't, I mean, it, it doesn't hold you, it does not hold any weight or credibility. It's just a ridiculous claim. So it didn't work out Well's. The other thing, Emily, if George Stephanopoulos had said, the judge found that, that the finding Ms. Carroll failed to prove that she was raped within the meaning of the New York penal law, does not mean she failed to prove that Mr. Trump raped her. If they wanna say that, which I I grant you as far less catchy, they would've been fine.


I mean that that's the problem. They, they were trying to take this judge trying to throw EEG and Carol a bone, but the judge knew that the judge could not declare Trump a rapist. So it's just kind of like, well the finding that she didn't fail, that she didn't prove she was raped doesn't mean she failed to prove he raped her. As many people commonly understand the word rape, like all this is so fucked up that the judge was doing this at all. Like what are you talking about? The common understanding of the word rape. There is a statutory definition of the word rape. It was provided to the jury and they checked no when they were asked to decide whether Trump had done that.


They check like this is an egregious statement by the judge anyway. But let me tell you, as somebody who does this all the time, talks about legal rulings and things that are dicey about people, we bend over backwards, bend over backwards to make sure we track the exact language. Because if you don't, that's how you get in trouble. We're not perfect either, but if we screw it up, we'll come back on and correct it. We'll come back the next day and say, okay, here's what we meant to say. They never did that. I, I don't know whether Stef Ulus had 10 producers in his ear saying over and over, not rape, not rape. I think they didn't say that. I think they did not do 'em a solid because they popped up that article that you just pointed out from the Washington Post as like his proof, you see?


And so the segment was long, it was like 15 minutes long and that that thing pops up and he's like, there I have it right there because the Washington Post wrote, wrote this. And I guarantee you that's his team trying to help him out. Like, yeah, yeah, it's rape, it's rape, and what you really needed was a damn lawyer to say, or or someone who knows how to read a legal opinion to say that doesn't excuse his statements over and over that a jury found him liable for rape. It's not true. But the thing is, Eliana, they were, I guarantee you the whole crew was so gleeful about attaching this word to the vile Trump, they couldn't help themselves.


I'm actually not sure if in their own mind they even distinguished between sexual assault and rape and that they themselves may be so convinced that Trump is guilty that they eluded the two things. You know, we just don't know what happened behind the scenes, but it's perfectly plausible to me that they dislike their visceral dislike of Trump goes so far that, that they weren't all that familiar with the, the distinctions that the jury made. Frankly, You have to prove when you're suing, when you are a public figure, claiming that you have been defamed as Trump was claiming.


And by the way, that to the point you raised initially, when that happens as a public figure, people have the highest ability to say bad things about you. The, the, the First Amendment protects speech and it really protects speech about public figures and it really protects speech about political public figures or political acts taken by public figures. It's a political person in the public sphere and that has the most protection you can get under the law. So that's why the media generally gets away with saying false things about politicians as long as it, as long as it doesn't reach this extremely high standard. And that high standard is it has to be malice.


And what is Mal said with malice and what does that mean? It means with knowledge that it's false. Like I'm knowingly lying about you. I know you weren't found liable for rape and I'm saying it anyway, or the more frequent standard is the reckless disregard for its falsity, so you don't care. So this is a scenario where, this is what Fox got Fox in trouble with Dominion, where Dominion's sending in letter after letter saying this isn't true. There's no evidence for it being true. Here's this that proves it's not true and that that proves it's not true. And all you have on the other side and saying it's true is like the the unsupported declarations of Sidney Powell.


That's how you get to reckless disregard of whether in fact it's true. So it has to be like really, it it can't just be like, I didn't do my homework. That's negligent. That's not reckless. Okay? So the standard is very high and this is why I think that there were texts and there would be instant messaging between George and the team. All of that, we, that's all what the anchors used and I used it many times too at Fox and at NBC where you're corresponding with your stefanos guaranteed was corresponding with his producers during that whole segment. And I guarantee you that those communications don't reflect well on anybody, on anyone involved. And it could possibly be, the team may be saying it's sexual abuse, right?


It's sexual abuse. And George refusing to acknowledge that. And then perhaps the team finally just realized they weren't gonna bend him and threw up that Washington Post article, but whatever it is, it didn't look good for him. Eliana, I think we can agree on that, Right? It's a really bad look. And I would add to this, it sets a, a scary precedent for two other libel suits that are underway. One against CNN and one against NBC that are far stronger cases and have progressed much farther than a, b, c news. Let this one progress. The one against CNN is about an incident that occurred on Jake Tapper's show where a, a former military veteran who was, or a military veteran who was working to extract Afghans out of Afghanistan during the collapse of the government there, CNN insinuated that he was engaged in fraud and at M-M-S-N-B-C, where they called a doctor working in immigrant detention facilities, a uterus collector arguing that he was performing hysterectomies unnecessarily.


And those suits, You know, Jake Tapper's deposition was taken and dirt came out in that. So this has to be sending a chill not just through a, B, C, but like CNN and M-S-N-B-C cannot be feeling good today. You mentioned Emily, that I think you, you were the one, I can forget whether it was you, Eliana, I think it was you talking about the disgusting nature of the interview to begin with, right? There was not a good look for George Stephanopoulos from the start, as I mentioned in my intro, going after a, a rape survivor. She was only 16 when she was raped Nancy Mace. And obviously any, any thoughtful person would say, that is not the soft spot I wanna exploit for purposes of looking tough on my show.


I mean, think of the level of douche baggery that in order to think that'll be a fun way one to really hit her with over and over. And then the, even in the line in the clip we showed, you have to answer, fuck off. I am here as a, as a courtesy to you. I don't have to do anything. You don't like my answers, don't invite me back. I don't have to do what you tell me. All of it is. So, he's such a bully. And all the statements and the approach are evidence of what a, an arrogant prick bully he is. How he treated her, how he spoke about Trump, how he came after her with his demands to do it the way he insisted.


And here is a little bit just to remind the audience of that dynamic as he aggressively went after Nancy Mason sought one, How do you square your endorsement of Donald Trump with the testimony we just saw? It's A shame that you will never feel George. I'm not trying to shame you all, I'm Just asking you and I find it offensive and this is why women won't come forward. Women won't come forward because they're defamed by those who perpetrate race. Today. I'm asking you a very simple question And I answer it. Explain, you're shaming me for my political choice. I'm not. I'm asking you a question about why you endorse someone who's been found liable for rape. Just it was not a question. I'm questioning your political choices because you're supporting, you're shame me. You're trying toing someone who's been found liable for rape. Exactly. You're not answering the question. I think it's disgusting. Well, you're welcome to say that, but you're also, you have to answer the question you're doing is defending a man who's been found liable for rape.


Okay, by the way, let's just show them the jury form. Okay? You heard it over and over. You've been found liable for rape. Who a jury found liable for rape. Here's the jury verdict form. Oh, I can't read that, but I remember that it says, did he commit rape? And you can see we highlighted here it says no. And then they say, did he commit sexual assault? And it says yes, but look at that. I mean, it's clear as day. This is what the jury found and Stephanopoulos would not adhere to it, Emily. So yeah, this speak to the dynamic of the overall exchange. Well, yeah, I mean, so he is, you can tell like a dog with a bone, he will not let this question go.


It's one thing to just ask Nancy Mace the question, although it's to your point, Megan laughable that George Stephanopoulos, who very famously defended Bill Clinton in some very scummy ways for many, many years, thought that he was the guy who should put this question to Nancy Mace, that him as a man, he should be rhetorically beating down on Nancy Mace over and over and over again with the moral credibility of a journalist to just make sure that she is her, has her feet held to the fire on this question. I mean, that is laughable. Nancy Mace did a really good job of saying that you're shaming me. She performed fantastically in that.


And just to the point about the jury sheet right there, it's so important Because he is saying this is a fact. And as we were talking about maybe there's this like left wing feminist opinion that the judge is getting to in that like op-ed that the judge wrote so inappropriately that says we can broaden the definition of rape to include all of these different things. That is actually something feminists have tried to do despicably for a very long time. So you can maybe make that argument, but you can't say that it's a fact. And so while he is trying to push Nancy Mays further and further, like a dog with a bone on this really disgusting line of questioning, truly shaming her, as she said rightfully, he also, he doesn't have the moral credibility, nor does he have the journalistic credibility.


It it's a total farce. It's the problems with journalism in one perfect segment. Exactly right. And then, so that happened in March of 2024, that segment. And, and by the way, just, just in case people have forgotten, bill Clinton was accused multiple times by multiple women of sexual abuse, assault, and rape. And who defended him? George Stephanopoulos at every term and with much Stephans and more Credibility than Eugene Carroll, Far more. George Stephanopoulos created a whole war room to defend Bill Clinton again. So for him to sit there and look at Nancy Mason and say, how could you support a rape support, a a, a rape defendant, a rapist, someone found liable for rape, how could you support somebody like that?


The, the only thing missing from Nancy Mace's great response was how could you, George Stephanopoulos, you ran a whole war room trying to tear down those, don't lecture me on what's gonna stop rape victims from coming forward, but what's gonna stop them is people like you and your buddies for Bill Clinton, who insulted them, called them trailer trash and unleashed the greatest legal teams in the, in the country against these poor women who had absolutely no means to fight for their dignity and to protect themselves and from other women's against your predator boss. Okay? So just stop. Anyway, George Stephanopoulos was not called out that way. He's been called out by people like us, but this is the first time he's really had to own up for his terrible behavior in one of the many ways.


It was terrible. Two months after he was with Mace in March of 2024, he goes on Colbert, which is on arrival network, CBS, and look at this. Now you're being sued for defamation. Why? Because of an interview like that. I, I was interviewing a congressman named Nancy Mace, who used to be highly critical, my hometown, Charleston, South Carolina, yes, Charleston, South Carolina of, of Donald Trump. And she was famously started her political career in a state house when she was in the State House talking about being a victim of rape. And so I asked her how she could be as, as a, as a victim of rape, how could she support someone who a jury has found liable for rape?


Trump sued me 'cause I used the word rape even though a judge said that's in fact what did happen. And in fact, we filed the motion to dismiss last week, but she, she's now fallen on and she's, she tried to say that I was the problem for asking the question rather than he being the problem because a jury found him liable for defamation and sexual abuse. Okay, so what's so galling about that Eliana is As you well know, when you're involved in litigation, You know, like if I get involved in litigation, I would never make a comment out about it, about it publicly because it's stupid. It's a stupido, you don't do it 'cause it can come back to haunt you.


And it was absolutely foolish for him to go, but You know why he did. He knows that for sure. The ABC lawyers told him not, he had swagger around this. He was like, I know I'm only four foot two, but I'm gonna take down the president f you big man. I'm George Stephanopoulos, he's got the Napoleon Complex. And he felt the need to try to act like a tough guy. Well, that's where the malice comes in, where not only have you been apprised that you made a factual error that impugned somebody's character by saying a falsehood about them on national television, you then go and repeat it and dig your heels in once again on national television.


And so that I think is actually pretty good grounds for showing malice where you say, not only did I do it the first time, but I was right, I was right. No apologies. The 'cause the pretty easy way to get out of these things is to do what a BC news has now done where you put a correction up and say, we regret the error. But that is not, that is not the attitude that George Stephanopoulos took and the Stephen Colbert interview after the litigation had been filed, They could have avoided this whole thing if the very next week on his show, he went out and said, I would like to apologize to President Trump. Totally. He stated the following things, those things were not true.


This is what I should have said. That's it that shows a potential jury or judge, you didn't have actual malice in your heart. You did your best to correct the record. It doesn't necessarily totally exonerate you, but as a practical matter it does. And instead you had him out there again, little Napoleon trying to show how tough he was because You know, he obviously had something to prove. Oh, and by the way, so he, he made their comments in March in May, he goes on Colbert in July, a BC News's motion to dismiss this case was denied. Denied they tried to get it dismissed on the papers and the judge said, no, they have stated a claim this can be seen through to discovery.


So that was July. Hello folks, we're knocking on the door of Christmas and Hanukkah right now. So we are in December. So if once they lost the motion to dismiss, they easily could have settled it then, You know, we know what comes next. Discovery. We gotta turn over our texts, our documents. We are definitely gonna have to give George over. They knew that producers on the show are gonna have to give an over for deposition that we're gonna have motion practice and possibly a trial. So they didn't even let it get, they, they let it go through. I assume they had discovery where papers were exchanged. They, they would've had to in order to have George's deposition ordered. You can't take somebody's depo deposition without having seen any of the papers or the texts or anything behind it. And that, that I assume that happened.


And now he was about to have to sit. I I really think it something about George sitting was what made them fold because it's not unprecedented for talent to have to sit, You know, we saw it at Fox News that the Murdoch sat at, at the, in the Fox News Dominion case. Rupert Murdoch sat, not all the talent sat, but talent have sat in these losses. Jake Tapper you pointed out he sat yep, but George Stephanopoulos would not sit. And there's a reason for that, my friend. Meantime Emily here is a, a taste of the media meltdown around this as they're getting the vapors over any sort of white flag being waved at Donald Trump.


So 24. But it seems to me that there's a lot of this bending the knee going on. I mean, to me it seems this is a time for our industry to stand firm. 'cause Trump is not gonna change his ways when he gets back in the Oval Office. He's gonna continue to say things that need to be fact checked and you can't have the news industry worrying about this sort of stuff when they're just simply doing their jobs. Well, if some bend the knee, others have to stand up straighter. You know, the former Time Magazine editor Richard Segel said this morning, Trump has sued dozens of publications and media outlets in the past trying to quote, intimidate the press into self-censorship. Not to actually win any particular case. He did win in this case with a big payment.


But that broader concern about self-censorship is one that I know many viewers and readers are worried about. And ultimately, Jim, as You know, we work for them, we work for the viewers, Okay? First of all, if George Stephanopoulos bent the knee, we'd be looking at a lily uchin. I'm like, where'd George go? Where's what happened to you's to stand up straighter, even straighter get straighter. We have to go. It's super tall, Emily, now that a, b, c news is game, the rest of us have to be even mightier to stand up against the giant. No acknowledgement they did the wrong thing. Why don't they just get a lawyer before they have these discussions to advise them? Well, here's what's infuriating is like these are the defenders of capital T truth, right?


I mean, first of all, does Jim Acosta not realize that his network settled with Nicholas Sandman and in another very, very serious defamation case. So I guess they bent the knee in that one. So maybe his moral credibility is also in question. But secondly, these are the guardians of capital T Truth CNN ran those famous ads during the Trump administration about how they'll tell you something is an apple or a banana. When Trump is telling you it's an apple, they'll tell you yes, no, it's actually a banana. Like they are so sanctimonious and yet they're the ones in this case who are defending George Stephanopoulos for doing actually a really shitty thing, which is telling people that they are hearing a fact when what they are hearing is an opinion.


And that is just about, as far as I'm concerned, one of the very worst things that an anchor, a host, somebody who is telling you I'm coming straight down the middle. I think that's one of the worst things you can do because that is exactly why your audience comes to you. They wanna trust you, they wanna trust that if you're telling some them something is a fact, that it actually is a fact and it's not just your editorializing, but that was pure editorialization on Stephanopoulos behalf with an assist from the judge and the Washington Post. But it was opinion nonetheless. And that is I think one of the biggest sins in journalism is to tell people that you're just playing it straight and when, when you're actually opining. And so actually what his peers should be doing is saying, you screwed the rest of us here in a really big way and we are going to do better because of it.


To the extent they talk about this being quote unquote chilling. I hope that it does have a chilling effect. I'm saying that even as a journalist against some of this really, really bad behavior that is misleading people who are desperate for facts. So if you're telling people you're delivering facts, just do it. And, and to the extent you're not, I do hope it chills that The, we have the ad here, remember this? That was a great one. This is an apple. Some people might try to tell you that it's a banana. They might scream banana, banana, banana over and over and over again. They might put banana in all caps. You might even start to believe that this is a banana, but it's not.


This is an apple. Oh my God. Facts. First it reads CNN Zucker Classic. Yeah, Yeah. Personally done at his request reportedly. So yeah, I guess that's not how the jury saw it. They, they saw, they saw an apple and it was George Stephanopoulos who saw a banana. That's, that's really what happened. He saw the banana, he saw the banana being misused in ways the jury did not, and this jury was not on the same page. It's really amazing to watch it all go down and to watch the suffering. Jim Acosta and Brian Stelter.


Not saying this is a moment to reflect on how to be more careful and You know what would be a great idea? Bring in a defamation attorney to educate all of us so that we don't make a similar mistake. Instead it's, they bent the knee, the rest of us have to stand stronger. And You know what I think should happen now, especially given that and sort of this reaction across the left wing media, I think Trump should start writing letters to the people at M-S-N-B-C who called him a rapist over and over and over. I mean, now he's got a settlement for $15 million is going to his presidential library and they had to pay attorney's fees a million bucks, and they had to issue an apology and a statement on their reporting admitting that it was false.


If I were Trump, I'd be having my lawyer do Alexis Nexus search for all the people who said in a factual way. I mean, I, you could say, I believe he's a rapist, or it's obvious to me he raped her. Right? That's all fine. That's opinion. But you cannot say as Stephanopoulos did, he is a rapist, he raped Eugene Carroll, that's defamatory. So if I were, were Trump, I would spread the pain around. You know, the most astonishing thing in the Acosta Stelter clip is that they're defending as some matter of journalistic integrity, the right to say false things about the president of the United States and to misinform their viewers on national television.


One would think the reaction would be, You know, this is unfortunate, but we have such a major responsibility that we do pay a price when we screw up and don't correct ourselves in and don't correct ourselves promptly and tell our viewers the truth in a, in a prompt manner. And fortunately here at CNN, we don't have anything to worry about because we just strive to bring viewers the truth and the straight facts every day. But I mean, it's this, this is not the one I would really try to stand on, principle on. No, it's not. Let me tell you something. This is why we, we did a long episode that we released over the weekend about how the Duke lacrosse case, You know, the fake rape case unfolded and collapsed and how it was really the beginning of what we now call wokeness in the media.


The way they covered these stories. How they, they choose a side based on skin color, potentially class privilege and gender and how they never learned, even though that case blew up in their faces, they just never learned. They doubled and tripled down and so on. It's a good episode, you guys should listen to it. I actually got some sweet notes about it from the players' families. So we did that and we were pointing out that the media, that that's the reason that this alternative ecosystem was born. You know, the digital lane and I sat on the show, necessity is the mother of all invention. You know, people just, they realized over time and Trump really helped how dishonest the media was and is and just demanded someplace else to go.


And then bit by bit it started populating and they, they fled, they fled the mainstream so-called mainstream in incredible numbers like that. The GMA is cratering in the ratings we've talked about M-S-N-B-C now regularly getting, I mean, slashies in the demo, which is below 50,000 slashies is true shame, shame. It's like you would never wanna look the boss in the face if you've gotten slashies under 50,000 in the 25 to 54-year-old. That's what sets your advertising rates. And the collapse in the overall is what goes to how much your cable subscribers are going to renew your deal for how much are they gonna pay to have M-S-N-B-C or CNN on their lineup, less this go round than they did the last.


That's for sure. 'cause the power of these networks is diminishing quickly. So they're gonna lose money in advertising and they're gonna lose money in their subscription fees that they get. And then you look at what's happening in our lane, and my executive producer, Steve Kracker said this to me just recently because, You know, we keep a number, an eye on our numbers. It made news back in July when our YouTube feed beat the YouTube feed of NBC news, CBS news, the BBC Sky News and many others. Okay? It made news, made national news November, which was a presidential election, as You know, not just from me and Kelly, but for all those same organizations as far as I know, CNN and all these others made a big deal outta the presidential election too.


In November alone. We just, on our YouTube, this does not count SiriusXM audience, this does not count a podcast, our podcast audience, it does not count social media audience, just YouTube. In one month we had 194 million and a half, 194 million views. Okay? Almost 200 million people were watching this show in November. Think about it. Ka how did the others do? NBC news? We crushed them by 50 million. CNN. We, they beat us by, we had two thirds of their audience when we last looked at it in July, we had two thirds of what they were getting on YouTube, CNN, we killed them this time.


They, they lost to us too. They got 1 55, we beat them by 40 million. I could go on. I mean all the, the mainstream, You know, nets they lost to us. That's all of them. All their, that's, that's Jake Tapper, that's Anderson Cooper. That's the 9:00 PM lady who never smiles. That's the morning show. That's all of them. They, all of them together lost to just this show. Yay, good for us. I I I'm happy to have a victory lab, I won't lie, but it's really not about that. My point, the point I'm raising is they're collapsing and, and my God, I I shudder to think what's gonna happen this month when their, all their audiences fled.


You know, that was when their audience's interest was at its peak. Our numbers are still very strong. Sor foxes, You know? Anyway, the point is how can this model continue, Emily? How can they, how can these anchors continue to be paid, these mega millions dollar sums? Rachel Maddow took a pay cut for her one hour a week from 30 million to 25 million a year. But there is just no way that this business model can be sustained for much longer. Well, no, I'm, I'm glad you brought that up because As you were going through those numbers, I'm thinking in my head, the overhead that sustains this model that is losing to much more nimble and leaner operations is astounding.


I mean, if you look at, I mean, just even the bare bones, like Joe Rogan said, it's so funny how upset many people in the the corporate press get about Joe Rogan Because he is just out there with like his whiskey on the table, his cigars on the table in a room. He has like two camera views. It's just like insane how competitive that is with these operations that have, You know, their midtown glossy, You know, newsrooms with the, just the salaries. I mean, it's just incredible. So I, it's, it's not sustainable. And there was a glimmer of recognition of that when Jeff Zucker tried to launch c CNN Plus, I think is what it was called, but just, it was such a disaster because they didn't have the guts or the courage or the wisdom to say what needs to happen on something like CNN.


Plus, not only do we need to take overhead down and get on this off ramp to the digital world, we actually need to understand the content demands of our audience, which would be, You know, they understand you can draw a line from D Cross to the Rolling Stone, Virginia rape hoax piece to the Aziz Ansari Me Too movement piece. Like the American people sort of see what's happened and the CNN audience sees what happened and they find it interesting and they now want people to be way more authentic in their delivery because they lost their trust as they sort of traced that line in real time. So a lot of people's lives get ruined unjustly were lied to over and over again about politics.


So I mean, they, they are not willing to create the content. They might be willing to like sort of take the playbook, You know, and, and sort of look at the numbers, but they're not gonna see improvement if the content itself, like it's one thing to have a good YouTube audience and to, You know, take, take your costs down and be a little bit more nimble and build digital platforms. It's in another thing entirely to give people the content they want and that's where they're gonna go wrong. Yeah, they, they don't get it. We played that soundbite last week of Leslie Stall talking to Peggy Noonan. Like, I don't, I don't know why this is happening. Why, why is the legacy media collapsing? Hello Leslie, you should come on.


I'll explain it to you. Yeah, I'll be happy to. You know, there's a lot of examples at CBS news and by the way, You know, a, b, c news, this is just the latest, You know, that we're talking about, like an extreme. There was a day not long ago where that hot mess that they air in the mornings called the View had to issue not one, not two, not three, but four corrections, legal corrections, four legal notes. We only have three of 'em on camera. But look at this, Sorry everyone, I have another legal note. Oh my God. Both Trump and Pam Bondi have denied allegations of a quid pro quo.


I have a legal note. Do you wanna take this one Joy or you mad case, You know, has long denied all allegations and has not been charged with any crime. That's true. Also, another legal note, Pete Seth's lawyer said he paid the woman in 2023 to head off the threat of a baseless lawsuit. Oh, he has denied any wrongdoing. Not to mention what they did at that debate, where once again, they, we, they tried to fact check only one side, and then when their fact checks got fact checked, they cowered, they cowered in fear. I mean, this is a pattern with them. They're lucky it was only 15 million we're not done with the media.


Trump has just announced he's suing another, another outlet. We'll talk about who it is and we've gotta get to what happened with Clarissa Ward. Not to mention the drones, don't go away


looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself or something that people are not expecting. Like a hostess gift or something, You know, for your spouse that they would never predict. Think about this. Buy a crack of farm hot salt. That's fun. Who's expecting that? But everybody would love it. It's an awesome gift. It's beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. Tasty, handcrafted, totally unique, perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. It's not your typical salt. Every stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild for people like me to wow, like my friends in Texas. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, Firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays. There's always a chance they will run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift, but you don't wanna wait too long or you could miss out. Firecracker, Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful and unforgettable. Get yours today at Firecracker Farm.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Unbelievable what's happening right now, I've gotta tell you. It's just the meltdown continues. Here's Steve Schmidt from the discredited vial Lincoln Project on the Stephanopoulos A BC news settlement. The pace of capitulation will increase and along with it a deep freeze will settle over most of America's newsrooms. End quote. Well, I've got news for you Steve Schmidt. If Trump winning against a b, c news or getting them to settle in that case causes a deep freeze in any given newsroom, then they're doing the news wrong because those of us who cover him and the other side fairly have no fear whatsoever.


I mean, all you can do is your best to remain factual and to label opinion as such. No one's perfect. A, b, c news isn't expected to be perfect, but when they screw up or any other newsroom screws up, you're expected to own it and the law acknowledges that.


Welcome back to the Megan Kelly show. Today's show is brought to you by Grand Canyon University. GCU believes the American dream starts with purpose and can help you fulfill your sacred calling. Find your purpose, visit gcu.edu. And if you go to gcu UI bet you learn a little bit about the First Amendment or at least have the opportunity to and should understand that while it's vast and very protective of speech, it is not complete. There are exceptions to your abilities to say certain things and you may not defame someone. And the standard for defamation is very, very high and you will not be found liable unless you breach it.


A, b, c news was not found liable. They settled this case because they knew. They knew either what they did was wrong, what they said on paper or when they put George under oath was going to be extremely embarrassing or that the risk was simply too great in proceeding to trial back with me. Now, Emily Jasinski, DC correspondent for Unheard and Eliana Johnson, editor in chief of the Washington Free Beacon. Okay, here's more. Brian Stelter, A BC News settled Donald Trump's defamation suit against the network and George Stephanopoulos because this problem needed to go away. An A BC executive remarked uncondition of anonymity who?


Big scoop. Okay, V goes on. But, but the speculation about why A B, C agreed to settle and why now and why at such a expense is not going away. This is not a scoop. This is nothing like, because it needed to go. Hello? Yeah, you get it now, now, right? Not ing we all, we all understand, understand it, the light bulb went off. Oh, that's what happened. Oh, but here is, here, here is something that just happened. Trump is down at Mar-a-Lago, as You know, and just announced another lawsuit that's coming, not against a media figure, but against Iowa Pollster and Seltzer. Listen to this, I'm gonna be bringing one against the people in Iowa, their newspaper, which had a very, very good pollster who got me right all the time.


And then just before the election she said I was gonna lose by three or four points and it became the biggest story all over the world. And in my opinion it was fraud and it was election interference. And we'll probably be filing a major lawsuit against him today or tomorrow. We're filing one on 60 minutes, You know about that, where they took Kamala's answer, which was a crazy answer, a horrible answer. And they took the whole answer out and they replaced it with something else. She said, Okay, just correcting there. It looks like they're gonna file it against the Des Moines register. The, the paper for which Ann Seltzer works, and not necessarily her personally, but obviously it's all based on UnHerd, by the way, just in just a thing for the viewers.


You heard Trump there say, and in my opinion, it's fraud in my opinion it was fraud. Why does he say that? Why does he add that phrase? Because he understands what the legal limits are. If he says they committed fraud and they didn't, they could sue him. That's, that's what he's worried. So he couches it as opinion, which is protected by the First Amendment. And if George Stephanopoulos had said, in my opinion, he raped her, he would've been protected too. He can say that he cannot go out there and say, A jury found him civilly liable for rape, because that's a factual statement. And his statement was not factual. So you heard him there outlining his cases there.


He just settled the one with A, B, C. He's got one against now coming, I guess against the Des Moines register about that poll that he says was fraudulent. And then you heard him reference there, he's also suing 60 million or 60 minutes for 10 billion. Is that right guys? $10 billion for their editing of the Kamala Harris interview. And there is another lawsuit against the Pulitzer Prize Committee for its behavior around, it's the honor it gave the New York Times for its coverage of the Russia hoax. And while that third one sounded the most absurd to me, it's just survived motion practice.


The, A judge refused to throw it out on the papers. And it's as, as crazy as it sounds like David Axel Rogers sent out a tweet describing it as he's suing the Pulitzer Committee for honoring the Times coverage of Russian election interference. That's not exactly right. He's actually suing the Pulitzer Committee for its own statements about its decision to honor the times. It was asked to do a review by Trump who was complaining, saying, why are you honoring them? Everything they reported turned out to be fake. And they did a review and they came back and said, and I'm reading here, the separate reviews, we conducted reviews, the separate reviews converged in their conclusions.


No passages or headlines that, that no passages or headlines, contentions or assertions in any of the winning submissions were discredited by facts that emerged subsequent to the conferral of the prizes. And Trump's contention is, that's absolutely wrong. There were many, many facts that emerged to show the New York Times had a dead wrong on the Russia hoax. And you saying that was a further defamation, you, the the prize committee defame me. That's fair game. That's not just, Hey, you shouldn't have given the honor to them, that would not be a good lawsuit. So there's the Pulitzer Prize one. The, the lawsuit against 60 minutes, I will say right here is laughable and should go away.


It is absurd. They are dishonest and should be shamed, but it's not illegal to make an edit that helps one candidate versus another. I. That one's going nowhere in my opinion. Don't know about the judge in the case. Maybe it's a Trump friendly guy that could get him past what, a round or two, but this, that, that's not going anywhere. In any event, the, the way the media's gonna take this Eliana is it's an all out assault, it's retribution. And what I see is a litigious guy who's continuing and his litigious nature and, You know, doing what he's always done, Sue people who say nasty things about him.


Yeah. Trump has always had lawsuits as a weapon in his arsenal. And what's surprising, we said this is astonishing that the a BC news lawsuit succeeded. So what's surprising is when they're meritorious, when they have success, when George Stephanopoulos and a BC news are forced to pay $15 million because they were so sloppy. So I have not seen or read about the three that you just mentioned, but it does strike me that the CBS news one, while we, I I know that, that the three of us have talked about the CBS news edits and Trump's claims about them on the show.


Look what they may, what they did may have been wrong. We may take issue with it, but I, I sort of doubt they transgressed a, a law there and, and the Pulitzer one, I just don't know anything about. I would have to go read their statements. But it shouldn't be surprising to anybody that Trump is suing all these people. He's, he's one of the most litigious people in the country. So, You know, let's, let's just expect lots of legal files. I will say though, where he files the suits is important. The A BC news lawsuit was filed in Florida, which meant that unlike some of the other lawsuits that we've seen brought against Trump, which were successful Because he faced hostile juries, I think that the a BC news suit had more likelihood of success because a, BC news would've faced a hostile jury in the state of Florida.


I believe, I'm trying to look this up here. I believe the lawsuit against CBS news, which is based on an allegation that they somehow committed consumer fraud by submitting a dishonestly edited interview with Kamala Harris is in a Texas state court, which would be very helpful to Trump. And I believe if I'm not confusing my lawsuits, that it's in front of a Trump appointed judge. I'll go back and look at that, but I'm, I'm pretty sure, yeah, it's in Texas and it's in front of a, a Trump judge. So that's probably what they're banking on. The CBS news is saying, this case should be bounced to New York where we are based. Right, of course. And where we committed this alleged defense and where we can get a more left wing Dr.


Judge that maybe Trump did not appoint. So yeah, no que I mean, by the way, plaintiffs forum shop all the time where they try to file the lawsuit in the jurisdiction, most favorable to them. In any event, we'll see how all these play out. Look, all these organizations have more money than God. They can easily, they have lawyers on staff, general counsels and so on, and they can use some of their profits that they've earned in defaming and maligning Trump unfairly for all these years to hire outside counsel to handle these things, right? Like these are two sophisticated parties suing one another, right? Like Trump is a sophisticated party. CBS news is a sophisticated party and so is a BC news and so is the Pulitzer Prize Committee. They can, they can handle this litigation.


He's trying to send a message. And by the way, I mean like it'd be nice if you could get some of the people who called you Hitler, but the problem is, that's opinion. No one said, as a matter of fact, he's Hitler. So that one, You know, you can get away with. Okay. I wanna move from, well I Probably got very close to saying that. Yeah. Like he's Hitler incarnate. He's actual Hitler, right. I think that's actually gonna be really interesting. And I actually don't think this is gonna cow the news rooms from negative coverage of Trump. It's their bread and butter, it's their oxygen. They won't know how to speak if it's not for that. And some people are like, well, they've already been calmer. They've already been calmer. You know, You know why they've been calmer because Trump's not doing anything.


There's very little to talk about right now. You just wait. You just wait until Trump gets back in office. None of these news organizations is gonna be saying, well he won the popular vote. Well, he has a mandate. Well, You know, we're gonna, we're gonna back off 'cause we wanna get Republican viewers watching us. That's not going to happen. They're going to b go back to their normal Trump derangement syndrome, sel selves and do what they normally do. And I, it's not like they defame him every day. What Stephanopoulos did there was really egregious. And if you don't go to that level on your defamation, he probably will ignore you. But if you do what he did, you can and should be sued.


That one is totally fair. So I don't, I don't predict a chilling effect. I think they love bashing him too much. Oh great. Is this, lemme just ask my team a question. Is this, is this on the record that, is this readable out loud? Yes. Okay. Sorry. So we, as I said at the top of the show, reached out to Trump's lawyer in connection with the, the settlement with a b, C news and the $15 million and Okay, just making sure, hold on. Sorry. Forgive me 'cause I, we don't normally let this play out live on the air, but I'm just getting it, making sure this is on the record, not just on background before I read anything.


Okay. We've, we've gotta find out. We've gotta find out. Forgive me, we don't wanna commit similar sins to our, the colleagues we've been ripping on. But to the extent we can read it, we will in just a minute. Okay. Here's what we should do. We're gonna put a pin in that, we'll get back to it. But let's move on to Clarissa Ward because I don't know if you gal saw the reporting. Did you see it? Emily, you're smiling. Oh yeah, I'll never forget it. Okay. Indelible. Okay. It was, it was indelible. So for the audience members who didn't hear us talk about this with Hugh on Friday, and you should, 'cause we went back and we really deconstructed that moment. Clarissa Ward of CNN walked into what was supposed to be a prison in Syria with some handler who was associated with the new Al-Qaeda adjacent group that's just taken over Syria.


And her handler walked into the prison with her and one of Bashar all Assad's prisoners was still in prison. Every, she said everything was open, all the cells were open and the people had like left, but there was one that was locked. And so she said, we had the guy shoot off the lock on this one cell. They made us turn off our cameras. The cameras go off and then they open the cell after this guy has now shot off the lock and they walk into the cell, which looks pristine. Pristine except for one blanket neatly laid out. You don't see anything I, I don't know what's off camera to be fair. But I didn't see a bucket of human waste or human waste or anything. There's certainly no trash, no clothes, no no debris anywhere looks clean underneath the blanket emerges a man after several like hello, hello, hello, hello.


He's lying there. And then finally he emerges like a phoenix. Hello. And Clarissa Ward represents that. This is like an, oh my God, it's a prisoner. Look we found somebody and then it gets very dramatic and she holds him. You're okay, you're okay, you're okay, you're okay. Meanwhile, she's not speaking Arabic, which she says she does speak, she's speaking English to the guy. Okay? And she says that this is one of Assad's prisoners then. Then we see them outside and she's like rubbing his back. There he is. And look how clean his outfit is. He doesn't have a scuff on him, he doesn't have dirt on him. His fingernails are clean. He, his hand is shaking, supposedly said he is been in jail for three or four months and he's been in captivity without food or water for four days.


Looks fine. Doesn't squint when he first sees the sun. We don't know. Well some online sleuth noticed a lot of these things. And by the way, we also reported that when Clarissa gave her report to Jake Tapper after the fact, she said she offered him her cell phone so he could call her his family. And his response was like, no, she, she said he was too in shock to call his family. I think we're probably wondering where the guy was for four months, probably wondering did or alive, but like didn't take the offer. All this stuff is suspicious and made it look very much like Clarissa and her brethren at CNN were used to dump out a little propaganda to the rest of us, which is a sin, especially in this line of reporting.


It's the number one risk, You know, after getting shot. It's the number one thing you worry about as a foreign correspondent that some group is gonna use you in a clever way where you become their mouthpiece unwillingly. And now there was a reporter who has been in captivity twice in Syria who was like, this is, this stinks to high heaven. Syrian prisons are as dirty and messed up and covered with debris As you can get. And this doesn't smell or look right. And now we find out that they've done more investigating the sleuths and the name that Clarissa Ward and CNN attributed to this guy was not correct. It did not prove to be true.


The sleuths have been looking into this. It is not the man she said it was. And now CNN has been forced to conduct an in investigation. They've launched an investigation to see what happened here. Eliana, I feel like we kind of know what happened. Look to me the open question in this and it's amazing, it was actually a Syrian media watchdog that called CNN on this is, was CNN in on this or were they duped? Did they want, and were they making a made for TV moment?


Did they participate in this or were they totally hoodwinked and reports about the man's actual identity were that he was a member of Bahar al Assad's military forces who tortured those who refused to bribe him. That's what the Syrian media watchdog is saying. So he's a torture that Not only was he not a a prisoner Assad, he was a henchman of Assads. So it's pretty far off the mark for CNN. Wow. So what was he doing in the cell?


Like if that's true, I can see him wanting to pretend he was a prisoner of Assads as opposed to an alleged torturer who was working on behalf of Assad, but he would not have been locked up by Assad in a jail for four months. You know, one presumes if this is all, if this is the nature of the relationship. So we, even if that's true Emily, we don't know why he was in this cell with a lock on it and what the game was. Yeah, it may be that he actually duped the rebels who they themselves duped Clarissa Ward and the CNN team. I think it does a double, do perhaps look like a combination. Yeah, it's a double do.


Which is, I mean I, this is perfectly fits the propaganda that Ani and the Rebels right now are trying to dis are, are trying to distribute throughout the western world. They need western cooperation. They are Islamists and what they need to show is that they are quote unquote freedom fighters. That they are liberating Syria from Assad. And so literally liberating a man from a prison is sort of exactly what you would expect to see from them. And it's actually so on the nose that you would expect for a pre-produced package by CNN. 'cause if I, unless I'm wrong, this didn't air Live, this was a pre-produced package. They had correct voiceovers and all of that stuff prepped. This should have gone through a lot of layers of editorial oversight.


And so it's one thing for Ward to get duped in the moment if it were happening live, something like that. It's an entirely different thing to have a name and to have so many details. I mean, whoever's editing this package, producing this package would've had the same questions theoretically that people immediately had on the internet about the nature of the, the setup. Why does this look like it's staged? Why does this all seem so strange? Those questions would've been asked in production. So it's all very, very, very odd. But it does show this sort of credulousness, I think at the very least it so it shows a credulousness of being, You know, led around by the rebel group and having this opportunity to see someone be literally liberated when the propaganda line is about liberation.


It is just, seems it should have seemed to them too good to be true and that it didn't, I think is pretty suspicious and unfortunate for their credibility. Eliana, the statement this is per the wrap is CNN to the rep. We have subsequently been investigating his background and are aware that he may have given a false identity. Then they say no one other than the CNN team was aware of our plans to visit the prison building. Featured in our report that day, the events transpired as they appear in our film. The decision to release the prisoner featured in our report was taken by the guard, a Syrian rebel.


We reported the scene as it unfolded, including what the prisoner told us with clear attribution. We have subsequently been investigating his background and are aware that he may have given a false identity. We are continuing our reporting into this and the wider story on Sunday it was verify si I think it's sure for Syria, a website that describes itself as an independent and unbiased platform specializing in fact checking in Syria that cast doubt on the man's claim. The website's writer Abdul Salam Al Ham. We wrote that the man who identified himself as Abdel Garal from Holmes claimed he had been in prison for three months.


And then he got into some of the facts that suggest that's not how that looked at all. Then they searched for records for a man named Ade Garal could not find any. Instead they claim he's actually this man named Salama Hamms Salama, who's also known as Abu Hamza, a first lieutenant in the Syrian Air Force intelligence who is well known for his behavior and goes on into some of the details that you already offered. Here's the thing, you're kind of in the business of checking those things out. If you're CNN and your Clarris award, it's really not like that big a sacrifice to take an extra day.


No one's like gonna beat you to that story to kick the tires and figure out whether this guy really is who he says he is. And CNN also has, has reporters and producers all around the world, I'm sure, including in Syria. So do you think this is a case of just negligence downsizing? If if in fact they, well they've already been embarrassed 'cause they reported the wrong name from, from their own admission negligence, downsizing, or just too good a story Emily. Like it's just too good. She, they, they, their star reporter looks like the next Christian ur let's do this thing.


I think it was probably too good. I mean, at the bare minimum you wouldn't ask for a name unless you were going to check it. But at the bare minimum, check the name. I mean they could have been in touch with a Syrian fact checking outlet. Now it's very hard to do this stuff in Syria right now 'cause there's so many different factions and lines have shifted and allegiances have shifted. So I understand that it's hard, but if you're gonna put, if you're gonna air it and you're gonna be so dramatic when it airs and you're going to really push it, man, just the fact that they don't seem to have checked the name, done the most basic thing, checked the name and there were all of these obvious questions that people on the internet raised within like 10 minutes of the thing airing. That just tells me they were too excited to like really to as, As you said, kick the tires and do their due diligence.


It just probably seemed too good for them not to use. And like, You know, it could be an even bigger story like, oh my God, we found an alleged torturer. Like has he been hiding? What? Did he have a fallout with his side? Why is he in this prison? Was he really in this prison? Was he placed the, did he fool the rebels into doing like if I were CNN, I'd be like, this is like let's get to the bottom before you hit air. Let's get to the bottom of what really happened there. It's even more interesting if you go to air with here's what happened as it unfolded, then we found out he was lying to us. This is who we found out. He is like, that's a great story, but it doesn't really support the narrative that Clarissa Mother Theresa went in there and rescued the poor sad little man who hadn't eaten and rubbed his back.


I'm telling you, it's like this, the same network that that let Chris Cuomo come outta that basement and pretend that he hadn't been out. Right. We all knew he'd been out, forgot about that. We've seen the reports. He was out fighting with his neighbors during Covid, but then they let him do his dramatic like Mary Ingles pa. I can see, I can see actually it was, I can't see. Anyway, okay, back to the Trump settlement with a BC news. We have now made sure we can read what I was about to read. Okay, so our producer spoke with Trump's attorney, Alejandro Brito, and here's what he said. Our question was, why did a BC decide to settle the long and short of it is the nature of the claims that were brought and the fact that they were verifiable from a standpoint as factually untrue from George Stephanopoulos.


Trump's legal team had separate video clips of George Stephanopoulos on a B, C that showed Stephanopoulos knew that Trump had not been found liable for rape. This was not a situation where there was simply a misunderstanding. George Stephanopoulos interviewed Eugene Carroll after the trial on his show and we had video of his questions to Carol and when he asked her how she felt after Stephanopoulos said Trump was not liable for rape, juxtaposed that with his questioning of mace. That's very interesting. It's a good point. We actually, we should go back and pull that. How about, how about yesterday in the courtroom the first, the first announcement was made and it was that he was not found liable for rape.


What were we thinking at that moment? Was there something, this is us in discovery that scared a, B, C in settling answer the possibility of something coming out in discovery may have had led to the settlement. Trump legal team had scheduled to take the deposition of A, B, C an A, B, C rep and George Stephanopoulos the lawyer suspects A, B, C did not want it to happen. Quote, it wasn't something A, B, C learned that caused them to settle but rather something Trump's team may learn. He said end quote our question, had they already exchanged documents, to my point of normally you exchange texts and papers before you sit for the deposition.


He said that there had been minimal document exchange and discovery. Trump team was waiting on A, B, C and Stephanopoulos to respond to discovery demands. He said at the time of the settlement, A B, C had only produced one piece of paper end quote, very interesting and not provided any other documentation. He believes fear of what Trump could learn about A, B, C and Stephanopoulos in document exchange may have played a role in the settlement. That's very interesting. So they had handed over one piece of paper, they had not turned over the texts or the instant messages or the Oh shit exchanges when they got the lawsuit or any of that stuff.


And they were about to have to, they they panicked understandably. And now we'll never know what was in those documents, but spare us the, oh poor news organizations, how will they ever cover the news Now Eliana, right? It's like I stand by everything I've written down with my team. Every word I've said on this show, no one's perfect, but I could defend all of it in court. Something's something stinks at a b, C news. Yeah, I think it goes back to our initial conversation that they decided that paying $15 million was the less painful, was less painful than the protracted embarrassment and potential humiliation of what would come out in those documents.


You know, that then the PR cost to them. And as we saw, it's actually interesting to contrast that with Fox News, where basically they did go through discovery, they were gonna go through trial, they ended up suffering the PR costs and paying the money. It's like, You know, they might as well just paid the money and avoided all the discovery in the depositions, which is seems to be what a BC news did here. Yeah, no trial on that one though. Yeah. Okay, let's shift gears for a moment because I, I wanna spend a minute on the WNBA and Caitlyn Clark, you guys saw that, speaking of Bend the Knee, she did not look like a lily uchin when she did it.


She's tall, a tall lady and she decided to go woke and when Time Magazine made her athlete of the year, she accepted, she was fine going into the spotlight and saying, yeah, thank you. I love to be on your cover and my sexy outfit. Let's do this thing. Interview me and my sexy plunging dress. I do like the spotlight. It feels good to be in front of the camera. Okay, fine. I don't, I have no problem with that. However, I do when you get out there and you say, but I feel really bad about it. I'm very sad. I'm here because I'm so white. I'm Time magazine so white and I really wish you were paying attention to the black players.


I re that's my true wish. If you could just stop looking at me under the Klee lights and look over there at the black players. That's what I really want from you. Time Magazine. And then she went on to talk about how it's my truth and her white privilege and all that. So, oh, okay. So did the bending of the knee. I mean I have a soundbite that I wanna play for you and it involves the owner I believe, of the mystics, which is yeah, co-owner Sheila Johnson. She owns a different team, the mystics within the WNBA. And I really think like I, I was very critical of Kaitlyn Clark for doing this. Maybe, maybe what she said really will win over the WNBA that's meant bullying her mercilessly because she's white and earning, maybe I was just too dense to see it.


And Caitlyn is very clever and actually the league is really gonna get behind her now and say, You know what? She is the best. She earned this honor. Oh, let's watch. And this year something clicked with the WNBA and it's because of the draft of the players that came in. It's just not Caitlin Clark, it's Reese. We have so many, so much talent out there that has been unrecognized and I don't think we can just pin it on one player. Why couldn't they have put the whole WNBA on that cover and said the WNBA is the League of the Year because of all the talent that we have.


Totally. 'cause when you just keep singling out one player, it creates hard feelings. And so now you're starting to hear stories of racism within the WNBA and I don't wanna hear that This is a fool's errand, Emily, why, why did she do it and what did it get her? Yeah, I mean it's like a cry for help. The best case scenario is that this is just a cry from help for help for, for Kaitlyn Clark who's been getting the tar beat out of her by players who You know are taking out their upset, their, their anger over her white privilege on physically onto Kaitlyn Clark.


I mean the clips if you watch them back are just horrendous and so insane. And that's the type of pressure that she's under. And maybe she thought that she had no choice. She had to say it doesn't take the agency away from her from actually saying it. She probably believes it 'cause it's all she ever hears from everyone around her. But even if she didn't believe it, she realizes that it's probably physically dangerous for her not to say something like that. But of course it wasn't good enough to say that this is all like that, that Kaitlyn Clark isn't about the surge of the surge of interest in the WNBA is not just about Kaitlyn Clark is stupid. It is literally just about Kaitlyn Clark. And it's not because Caitlyn Clark is white. It's because she had this meteoric crazy story in the tournament and it was just a narrative that was too good for people to not pay attention to.


It was crazy. It was such an a, a like amazing story. And that is what it was. It was not her race, it was that, and of course though, of course we have to listen to CNN segments like that one with Sheila Johnson about how the reason it should have been the whole WNBA literally doing the cringe, everyone gets a trophy routine is because it was hurting people's feelings. I mean, this woman is so out of touch with where like the country is basically in the position right now of throwing all of that like bullshit out the window and she's going on CNN acting like she has the moral high ground saying it. Right. Hello? It's like 2020 call and they want their commentary back.


Eliana Caitlyn Clark is 22 and hasn't yet learned the lesson that bending the knee to the woke mob does not produce better results in one's life. It doesn't, nothing good will come from it. You will alienate your fan base that does not want to see you buy into their bullshit narratives about race or white privilege in the WNBA and you will gain absolutely no grace or quarter from your critics who are not persuadable. Well, I think you're exactly right. It'd be one conversation if we were gonna talk about, look, she made the decision to go along to get along and this is the way to silence her critics.


And okay, You know, one could understand that, but the reality is that accepting this award and then saying what she said is not gonna silence any critics. It's not going to help her go along to get along. And you see that from the reaction of the mystics owner and which is why it's clear she's young and, and stupid and not unsophisticated and and doesn't realize this. But the thing that really struck me, Megan, is I grew up a, a fan of the NBA in the era of Michael Jordan. And since then, as I followed less closely, the major NBA stars have been since Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and LeBron James, all American men.


And are, are is the stipulation that female basketball fans are somehow uniquely racist. You know, ca Caitlin Clark is really talented, but we haven't seen race be a barrier to major, major stardom in the male basketball league and and riches. That's a good point. That's a good point. No, I mean, they're obviously saying that the only reason people wanna watch Kaitlyn is that she's white. They're excited because she's white. And I think I, the record seems pretty clear they're excited to watch Kaitlin because she's great And that's what we've seen. We've in the NBA of course, right, who are reacting to her color. We've seen that top exactly time and again in, in the NBA where the, the talent and hard work.


There's actually a wonderful net Netflix series on about these NBA players. It follows their families. LeBron James is one of them. But You know the amount when you watch and really appreciate the amount of hard work it takes to be an elite athlete the way these guys are. It's just astonishing. And, and when you see them, they're not talking about the racism of NBA fans, I'm sorry, but if she really just wants the spotlight to be on the deserving black players who are, who surround her and on whose backs this league was built, then you shouldn't have taken the honor. Then you should have said, make the WNBA the team of the year, the league of the Year.


What I don't need right now is an additional singled out honor. That's what she should have done. You can't have it both ways. She wants the attention, she wants to be in the spotlight and then she wants to just throw a bone to the girls who were rejected. And so it doesn't come as any surprise to me that they don't want her discarded bones and that this did nothing to appease them. And actually probably infuriated all of us. We'll see. Okay, more with Emily and Eliana right after this quick break. Don't go away.


Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change with UBC's community leadership skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts. Winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Meta's open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all everyone benefits, Learn more about meta's open source models at ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly me. Kelly, you can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


So ladies, have you seen a drone yet? Not yet. Nope. Nothing I have to tell you, not seen them in Northern Virginia. I got some friends in Connecticut who've seen, who've seen something like people are checking their ring cameras, their footage, and seeing mysterious items. They're all over New Jersey now. The sightings have been New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and Virginia. But John Kirby Tigan spoke Pentagon spokesperson maintains there's nothing to see here. And if there is, we don't know what it is, but there's nothing to worry about. He goes on with Martha McCallum. And this happens, As I said yesterday, Martha is, as soon As we know we're gonna, I I this is shocking.


I gotta tell you, this is shocking. We, we spend $824 billion on defense. We have the greatest intelligent capability in the world. So how can you stand there and say to the country right now, gosh darn, we just don't know what these are Because I'm not gonna lie to you or to the American people. Sure. I'm not gonna say we know something when we don't. You know, do You know? And you can't say, can you tell me that? No, no. I'm telling you, Martha, I I'm telling you, we don't know. You Don't. Why not just take one down and figure out what's going on? Well, you okay? The idea of taking something down again, you, you wanna worry about public safety, first of all, we don't have enough conclusions bullshit to take that kind of a policy action.


But let's just assume for a minute, Martha, that we did. I mean, you're not gonna wanna shoot something down where it can hit somebody's house or, or hurt Somebody. So, well, the Coast Guard says that there are 30 of them following one of their ships in the ocean. So would that work? I mean, again, we, we have to develop the policy options based on what we know we're dealing with here. And we just don't know enough bullshit to make those kinds of, so take those kinds of actions. Bullshit. Th those are lies you can tell those are lies. One after the other we're being misled that I think we're pretty clear on. And You know, first it was you're not seeing what you're, what you think you're seeing. They're, they're not out there. People are making it up. Then it was, oh, they're fixed wing air aircraft. And then, You know, the, the Maryland governor came out and said hello.


We saw drones and You know, person after person, credible, credible, credible witness after came out and said, these are drones. Stop it. Just stop it right now. And now it's okay. They're there, but we don't know what they are, You know? But they said, oh, but there's nothing to worry about. And then the New Jersey lawmakers came out and said, no, you can't say that we don't know what they are. How can you tell us? We don't know whether we have cause to worry. And then you saw him dancing there. And now here's a man named John Ferguson, he's CEO he says, of a drone manufacturing company in Kansas. He went viral over the weekend. We have not independently confirmed John Ferguson, but this guy's everywhere right now with his theory. Hey Everyone, my name's John Ferguson.


I'm the CEO of Saxon Aerospace here in, in Wichita, Kansas. But I'm a manufacturer of unmanned aircraft, military grade, unmanned aircraft. As you can see, one of my systems here, I don't particularly believe that these have a nefarious intent. I, I could be wrong, but I want to give you the truth and what I believe. It's my own opinion and I've not bounced this off of anybody. So, You know, if you think it's bullshit, whatever, these drones are not nefarious and intent. If they are, they are, but I doubt it. But if they are, are drones, the only reason why they would be flying and flying that low is because they're trying to smell something on the ground.


My belief is they're trying to smell something on the ground. Gas leaks, radioactive material, whatever. These drones I believe are launched from an, a location that nobody knows. But I do believe that, that they're flying low enough that they're just trying to sniff the ground and try to find something. Okay. I did not know that a Drone could sniff that. That is news to me. Okay. I've heard a few different theories along this line. Like they're, they're out there running a psyop like seeing how the public would react if and when they really are needed to respond to, for example, a dirty bomb or the detection of one that they actually are trying to detect whether something has been released.


And that's why they don't wanna tell us. 'cause it would cause a panic, which would be incredibly criminally negligent, right? To allow people to be whatever. These are all just theories that are being bandied about. We have absolutely no idea that's the truth, Eliana, Right? We have no idea. And I would say that the Biden administration is bedeviled in terms of its credibility with the public by the fact that there was a Chinese spy balloon flying over the country that it did not tell the public about until Americans saw it hovering in the sky. And they ag it was a public pressure campaign that forced the administration to disclose what that was.


And so when you hear them saying, we have no idea what this is, I think it, it's sort of strange credulity and Kirby's response wasn't like, Hey, You know, we don't know what this is. We're taking it very seriously and we're in the process of putting policy options in front of the president. We're gonna have, we're gonna come to a decision in the coming days. It just didn't, You know, something didn't seem quite right As Judge Judy always says, it didn't make sense. And if it doesn't make sense, it isn't true. It doesn't make sense, Emily, that we can't shoot down one of these reportedly hundreds of drones to see what the hell it is.


Like she says, some of them are over the water. We absolutely could shoot one down. You're gonna tell me the military wouldn't shoot down something that could possibly be a, a threat to national security or the lives of Americans. We don't know what the heck could be foreign release bull shit. No one believes that. What I believe is the government knows full well what they are, and it has its reasons for not telling us. We just don't know what they are yet. But we should find out, here's Trump on what should happen here. The government knows what is happening. There you go. Look, Our military knows where they took off from. If it's a garage, they can go right into that garage. They know where it came from and where it went.


And for some reason they don't want to comment. And I think they'd be better off saying what it is. Our military knows and our, our president knows, and for some reason they want to keep people in suspense. I can't imagine it's the enemy because it was the enemy that blasted out. Even if they were late, they blasted. Something strange is going on for some reason. They don't want to tell the people and they should Because He sounds genuinely like he might not know, even though he is getting security briefings already, Emily. But what he does know from having been briefed in the past is what they know generally not to do. The whole who knows what they know and we know, but that's, I mean, he, he is aware of the kinds of intelligence that people with the highest levels of classification and access to get, he understands drone technology as it's used by the military.


So it's interesting, I think what he just said, and it, it would be staggering if the government did not know what these were at this point. And this has been so sustained and has involved so many different sightings, some of which do seem to be like bs. But either way, there have been so many serious sightings at this point over such a long period of time. If they don't know, it's outrageous. It's a scandal. And I think it would be a much worse option for them to be going to the press and talking about how they don't know if they truly don't know that interview with Martha McCallum. I mean, I don't understand why that even happened. If they don't know, why are you talking? I mean, and if you do know, why are you talking? If you're not gonna tell us stop or you're not gonna have a better explanation, stop.


I mean, seriously, this is so, such a disaster for them. Two things can't be true. It cannot be true that they don't know what this is and that there's no threat to the public. They can't know both of those things. Right. They can, they can't. That is absurd. You got, anybody can see through it, so it's a disaster for them. Right now, Here is New Jersey, Republican State Senator John Branick. Listen, Why would the government allow the public to be so frustrated? Right? That brings to me to the point that whatever these drones are doing, the government really doesn't want us to know it. That what that must mean is they're more concerned with us getting knowledge and being afraid of that information than having no knowledge and be, and having all these questions.


That's why I'm worried about it. Yeah. It must be something going on that they can't tell us because they are so fearful of what the public's gonna do when they hear what the drones are doing. Hmm, good point. Eliana. Now A good point. And I I should point out that if they don't know what these drones are doing and can't find out in about 30 minutes, that should frighten every American. So both of the, I I think both alternatives here that we have or that they know and they're not disclosing it or they don't know are, are disturbing. Well, can I just say it's not necessarily that we would be afraid, it's that we might also be angry.


Maybe it's not something that we should be scared of, but maybe it is a use of resources that would really piss people off. I just feel like they must know. They, they must know because it's been going on for so long, they must be complicit. There's there's no way, like, how would it be going on this long if they didn't know what it was and hadn't ascertained that they would want it or that it's not gonna hurt anybody. I just, that doesn't, that doesn't seem possible to me. The question is why won't they tell us? That's my question, ladies, that's for another day. Great to see you both. Thank you. Thanks Megan. Thanks Megan. We're back tomorrow with Mark Halburn and crew.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change with you. NBC's community leadership skills courses through our institute for extended learning. Community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing unspoken the new Diamond fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly interwoven in white or yellow, 14 karat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared.