
Meta's Open Source AI models are available to all, not just the few. Because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits of ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


The US Open is coming to Pittsburgh next June at Oakmont Country Club. Golf's biggest stars will compete at the 125th US Open and a variety of daily and weekly ticket packages are now available. Give the gift of golf this holiday season. No venue is hosted. More US opens than this iconic course, and the world's best players will be challenged at Oakmont. For a record 10th time in 2025, visit us open.com/tickets today to witness golf history.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We are one week out from Christmas, just a warning to those who haven't done their shopping one week to T minus seven and T minus six till Christmas Eve. For those of you who like to wait until last minute, okay. The media story everyone is talking about has continued to evolve with reports now that George Stephanopoulos over at a BC News is defiant and humiliated after A, B, C agreed to pay Trump $15 million to settle his defamation lawsuit against the network over their star hosts false and misleading segment with Representative Nancy Mace.


You know, I went back to look at the so-called apology. That's how we referred to it the other day. I think that was erroneous. It wasn't really an apology. It was, we regret the statements. George Stephanopoulos regrets the statements. Well, that's not exactly an apology, is it? He was forced to say that by his network, and now he's reportedly humiliated, as I say. Plus, there's new reporting from the New York Times that sheds light on President Biden's quote, weary goodbye and the full extent of his infirmity, which continues to reveal itself day by day. And would you believe the team surrounding him is still trying to claim that behind the scenes?


He's amazing. He's like, he's like that Olympic break dancer behind the scenes. What was her name? She, she stole the whole show, the terrible one, but she was f fit, fit and, and able to move, unlike our current president. And then we've got an update on those drones. They're slipping the truth inside of their lies. Now, what was it? Rego? Rego Rego Re gun regu. Okay. Sounds like a toy that we're gonna get our kids for Christmas. Anyway, joining me now to discuss all of this and more. Adam Carolla, host of The Adam Carolla Show.


Are you overwhelmed with back taxes or unfiled returns? Well get ready because since Covid Relief ended, the IRS hired 20,000 new enforcement agents proposing millions of pay up notices for 2025. Oh Joy. If you're worried about IRS collection tactics, you don't have to face them alone. Tax Network. USA can help Tax Network. USA is the nation's premier tax relief firm and they've negotiated over 1 billion in tax relief for their clients. Their services include penalty, forgiveness, and hardship programs. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their experts are ready to assist you. Even if you're behind on taxes Tax Network, USA can guide you through the process. Contact them for personalized support handling. IRS matters without professional help is risky and unpleasant. Protect your financial security with guidance from Tax Network USA. To schedule a complimentary consultation, call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IRS's aggressive tactics control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA support and take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megan today.


Adam, welcome back. Great to see you. Always great to be on the show. Okay, so I don't, I guess let's start with Stefan Olis, who is, he is humiliated and very angry according to the reports that this has happened to him. The New York Times goes inside the suit and talks about how executives had expected or had anticipated that there would be blowback. She settling this, but they're in full revolt over there at a BC News where they feel that the reputation has been unnecessarily sullied. That they didn't feel they should have settled with President Trump. And yet the times pointing out that Disney had many reasons.


Number one, there was a judge, judge Alga, chief judge in the Southern District of Florida who had denied Disney's motion to dismiss with some very strong language saying a reasonable jury could interpret stephanopoulos statements as defamatory. And then added with in, in italics, Stephanopoulos stated 10 times that a jury or juries had found plaintiff liable for rape, which was obviously not true. And then they pointed out something we speculated about the other day, which was she had also rejected request to delay the case, and Disney was told to turn over all remaining documents related to the case.


Trump's lawyer told us they'd only given like one document. And so they had to produce not only all the emails with Stefano Stefopolis on them, but among his producers and so on. But he was gonna have to sit for a deposition, which we knew. They were also worried that this could set an industry standard. In other words, this could go all the, all the way up to the US Supreme Court and New York Times versus Sullivan, which sets a very, very, very high bar for, for problematic speech, for finding speech problematic could potentially be overturned. Anyway, what do you make of George Stephanopoulos indignity at what has happened to him? Adam? Well, okay, they worry about their reputation. So ABC's News Division is worried about their reputation.


If they offer an apology, they blew up their own reputation over the last five years systematically, first with Russian collusion and three or four years of lying, or at least being wrong about that. And then that dovetailed right into Covid. So the two biggest stories of basically the last eight or nine years, they screwed up 10 ways to Sunday. So I would tend not to listen to a, b, c news, not because the dwarf news anchor offered an apology, but more that they lied about all the big stories, anything to do with Trump and anything to do with Covid.


I mean, let's look at it this way. The two biggest stories of the last decade have been Trump and Covid and Covid and Trump. They got every single story wrong and or lied about every single story. So I will not be listening to a b, C news, not because they're cowards and not standing up to this lawsuit, just because they're wildly inaccurate and probably beyond inaccurate. They're liars. They say in the New York Post, in an exclusive, George is defiant. One source tell. Well, what does that mean? You defiant in what way? Like you, you had to issue the words of regret.


Your company had to pay 15 million. You're no longer in first place. I believe it's related to that debacle of a debate. There's been a revulsion after, You know, that night there was one, and now there's been a mass exodus in their audience. And they want us to see, well, he's defiant. How? I mean, the latest news was he deactivated his ex account. It doesn't really, doesn't sound defiant Adam. It sounds, but like a coward. This is their hijacking of the language. Remember Kamala Harris wanted to end fracking and then she wanted to continue fracking and she wanted to end the border wall. Then she wanted to continue the border wall, but she was still staying true to her values.


Okay? That means nothing. And every time there's a school shooting, somebody gets up to the podium and gets behind the microphone, a police chief or the mayor of the city and says, this is unacceptable. Okay? It's unacceptable, but it just happened and it'll happen again. So there's this weird language thing where they try to be, make themselves into some sort of patriot heroes, except for they do nothing. And it's, it's really a thing that was born on the left and I never really got it. Yeah. Defiant while you put your tail between your legs and offer an apology and keep hammering checks you get from A, B, C.


All right, well if that's defiant, then so be it. But defiant is quitting your job and hanging your own shingle somewhere else. That's exactly right. The defiant is, I'm out of here. I refuse to participate in your conciliatory statement. I did nothing wrong. And I'm not going to let my gazillion dollar paycheck force me into bending the knee here because I'm, I'm gonna die on principle. No, that's defiant. This is not defiant. I deleting your ex account because you, you're tired of the abuse you're getting from people who know you lied that he was not found liable by a jury for rape. Why is this so hard for him just to admit that?


Well, I mean, these guys hate Trump, obviously, and they cannot be neutral about things. You know, I, I was thinking about the other day, I mean, I was kind of talking about it on my podcast, which is every umpire and every baseball game has feelings about the two teams that are on the field. They just do. I mean, there has to be a thousand guys, umpiring Yankees games who grew up Yankees fans or Red Sox fans, and now they're behind the plate at Fenway. It, it just has to be, but they have to put all that aside and call balls and strikes and the news used to do that.


And they don't do it anymore. And it's now become apparent to those of us who are in the stands watching the game, what is happening? Because they're so blatant about it, it's obvious where he stands. It's obviously when you see the a and b interviews between the ones that give Kamala Harris and the ones that give Trump or JD Vance or whomever, it's so abundantly evident now that I no longer really listen to them. 'cause I don't think they're calling balls and strikes. I don't fault these people for having a preference. You're a human being. You're gonna want either Trump or Harris.


That's a fact. But then you have to do your job and call balls and strikes and they don't do it anymore and they can't. Alright, I got a story for you. Speaking of the Supreme Court, as I mentioned, there were some fear that if this went up to the Supreme Court, we might have enough justices to overturn New York Times versus Sullivan, which for the record, I do not want. I I it sets a nice high bar that makes it very, very hard to sue for defamation if you're a public figure. And even as a public figure, I'm fine with that because I'm also a member of the media and I'm an American first and in America, what distinguishes us from virtually all of the other first world countries, nevermind.


Third, is you can say what you want here with very, very few limits. You can say what you want. It takes a lot to get a judge issuing an opinion like this against you and having to pay $15 million. It takes 10 times of saying a jury found him civilly liable for rape. When we put the, the screen up on, on the, the, the, the, the verdict form up on the screen the other day, very clearly, it says, is he guilty? Did he commit rape on the civil verdict? And it says, no, no. Well, did he commit sexual assault? Yes. You can't as a news anchor, language matters, especially around legal stuff like that. You can't. He said it 10 times. That's why the judge is so mad at him.


Anyway, speaking of the Supreme Court, I've got a story for you. Okay, A year or so ago, we're always railing on Broadway here. I'm sure you do the same because if you go to Broadway, it used to be a really fun experience. You say you take your kids, you see a musical, You know, like, oh man River, you have a good time. Now you go. And it's a woke explosion. Doug and I went to see Macbeth with Daniel, what's his name? The James Bond guy Craig. And they, it was supposed to be 1400 Scotland. It was a majority minority cast. Okay, alright. I, I don't think so, but okay.


One of the lead players was in a wheelchair, which, okay, the, the King's son was played by a woman who had a blue mohawk. They had gotten rid of all costumes. I guess there's like a budget problem. So the, the elite character, I think it was the guy in the wheelchair had a Mickey Mouse shirt on, which is like, what's ha, I'm having difficulty suspending my disbelief here. People, okay, so that's one. But then my daughter then 12, went with some friends to a different play. And this play, trust me, I'll round it back to the Supreme Court in a second. This play is showing now, and it's called I Juliet.


And it was supposed to be this re-imagining of if Juliet had lived and Juliet and if Juliet had lived, like what would her life have been like, girl power. I thought, oh, that's fun. And here's just a clip of me reacting after my daughter got back. This is last February in show, in episode seven 15 watches. This was so in your face. I mean, if for the listening audience it shows, remember this two guys kissing on stage, obviously one of them is this guy who goes by. He, she, and they, all of them, Adam, all of them is just so happy that now we're celebrating queer love, which is not at all what I thought.


Something based on Shakespeare and about Juliet's next chapter was going to be, how about the non-disclosure of any of this in the writeup about the show? Don't we parents get a right to like make a call? You, you could be sending a much younger child than 12 there. My kid and I have talked about these issues many times, but many haven't. This could be their first exposure to it. It's not up to Broadway to do that. Okay, so that was the two of us talking about how that plays covered with a bunch of trans people doing kissing and whatever. What, well, not everyone has a problem with and Juliet, because would you look at who guest starred in it on Broadway within the past week?


So 18 for the listening audience, it is Justice Kanji, brown Jackson, Female Empowerment, sick. I like it too. I think what I like about it is that I am having a very strongly negative reaction to it. Like I hate it, which makes me think it must be brilliant. Got this feeling, chance can't stop the feeling, got this feeling in I can't stop the feeling.


I get it. I made it to Broadway. Thoughts on that, Adam? Well, my thoughts are, I have a, I have a multitude of thoughts, Megan. One is I love that is the Left is able and feels fine wearing their politics and their culture sort of on their sleeve. You know, like if there was a right wing justice doing some old play that Charlton Heston, You know, that was gun centric and male centric, You know, they would get slammed. They wouldn't do it.


They would say, I don't like the optics of it, You know, like I am, I'm on the Supreme Court, I'm conservative and you want me to do a play with an all white male cast about early settlers and how guns settled the West. They would just go, I'm gonna get slammed. I don't like the optics of it, I'm not gonna do it. People on the left do not care. I mean, it's like I I, You know, I live in la I would see a thousand Biden bumper stickers, a thousand Harris bumper stickers, a thousand Hillary bumper stickers and no Trump bumper stickers, even though there's a significant amount of people voted for Trump. So it's kind of interesting that they don't have a mirror and sort of look at themselves and go, yes, I'm progressive, and yes, I will vote progressive on all these cases, even if it makes me look like an idiot.


But I don't like the optics of it. Circling back to Stephanopoulos, like I should at least look like an umpire, Stephanopoulos job is to look like an umpire. Her job is to look like an umpire. And when you go out and do these kinds of large public displays, then we're gonna know your politics and you're not gonna look like an umpire anymore, number one. Number two, I think Broadway is really the epicenter, the, the, the the OT inside the candy bar of the progressive movement. You know, you say college campuses and college faculty, Hollywood, things like that.


But Broadway is probably the purest, uncut unstopped on progressivism in, on the planet, right? Well, yeah, I mean, I like, I used to love it. Didn't like I, when I grew up going to Broadway when I was younger, it wasn't like this. And I know it's woke and I know it's always been very gay. That's just different. That's different there. There's a reason more and more groups are going L-G-B-L-G-B and breaking up with the T because they see the t as a group that wants to perform conversion therapy on young gay boys to say, you're not actually gay.


You're actually a girl, a straight girl. And so like, it's very dicey now for them to be embracing the tea. So heartily. In fact, we went to a play not not long ago, and one of the actors in the play noticed me sitting there and I had done a post on my Instagram celebrating the show, and one of the actors responded saying, oh, it was great to see you there. You know, you should have come backstage and, and and say, say, have said hello. And then the, these trans people get on. They're like, we will cancel you. You, you like her, you said something ni like, they're so over the top now. And even if you try to go there and say, I'm gonna ignore these far left extremists who are trying to trans little boys, they make it impossible.


They're, it's, they're everywhere. Every other role is a trans role now, far more representative than it is in society. And to the point where it's like, fine for us Supreme Court justice, they've hijacked girl empowerment plays to make 'em about boy empowerment, which is what a trans woman is. And she's fine. It's the same person who couldn't tell us what a woman is. Adam. Well, I mean, she's not a bright woman. I think she's probably there mostly due to affirmative action. So do mayors there mostly because of affirmative action. And she's a dope too. And then there's Kamala Harris. So that entire affirmative action DEI hire thing has completely utterly backfired because they're not electing and or hiring people that are up to the job.


And I include her and that group, like I said, Sotomayor is a full-blown idiot. I mean, she's an idiot. I mean, you, it's insane that she's on the Supreme Court. Remember when the whole Covid thing came down and they were talking about mandatory vaccinations? And she's like, there's 10 million kids on ventilators right now. She said, dope. And Kamal Harris is a dope too, and maybe they should learn their lesson with their DEI, affirmative action appointments, get qualified people and then do it. And Sonia Soda Myar was the one who two weeks ago when that case about whether you're these states are allowed to ban puberty blockers and cross-ex hormones for kids went up.


She was like, oh, come on. There are side effects from an aspirin too. There are risks as if taking an aspirin is the same as puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones for a 10 to 12-year-old. Well, the fact that she would consider letting those words pass her lips means she's a dope, smart people would never say that out loud. Smart people think, oh, what if I, and then they go, oh no, I'm not gonna say that I'll sound like a dope. And so she is a dope, which is crazy, but it's hurting the movement is what I'm saying. Well, and there's certain narratives that are not to be allowed or ever deemed acceptable.


And the thought that we are transing children who are actually fine in their sexed body, but just going through some sort of unrelated trauma, You know, whether they've been sexually abused or they've had a divorce in the family, or they've been bullied, you're not allowed to go there. That's that they consider that conversion therapy of a trans kid. So, You know, the, there are like these narratives that, that you're not allowed. And one of the narratives that's prohibited outside of the trans lane is that we have a Venezuelan gang migrant crime problem in Aurora, Colorado, right? I, this was up, this came up a lot during the campaign and back and forth and back and forth between the left and the right on whether there really are gangs of Venezuelan illegals in Aurora, Colorado taking over apartment complexes.


You remember it led, excuse me, to this notable exchange between Martha Ratt and JD Vance when he went on her show and she was like, ah, It's, it's Fine. And he was like, hello, listen. So do you support Donald Trump making those claims that the Republican mayor says were grossly exaggerated? President Trump was actually in Aurora, Colorado talking to people on the ground. And what we're hearing, of course, Martha, is the people are terrified by what has happened with some of these Venezuelan gangs. Senator Vance, I'm gonna stop you because I know exactly what happened. Martha, I'm gonna stop you. The incidents were limited to a handful of apartment complex apartment complexes.


And the mayor said, our dedicated police officers have acted on those concerns. A handful of problems. Only Martha, do you hear yourself? Only a handful of apartment complexes in America were taken over by Venezuelan gangs. And Donald Trump is the problem and not Kamala Harris' open border Americans are so fed up with what's going on and they have every right to be. And I, I really find this exchange, Martha, sort of interesting because you seem to be more focused with nitpicking everything that Donald Trump has said, rather than acknowledging that apartment complexes in the United States of America are being taken over by violent gangs.


Okay, let's, let's just, let's just end that with they did not invade or take over the city as Donald Trump said. I, I wanna move on to just a few Apartment complexes. No big deal. A few apartment complexes that the mayor did not seem was invading the entire city. She lives in a multimillion dollar estate, which we put on the screen before. Just a quick follow up. Okay, so here was Trump on NBC last week. Okay? There's, we're still at it, the mainstream media trying to say, wait, Can I say this? These are what, did you see her, did you see Martha calling Balls and strikes out there? Yeah. Right, because I didn't, that didn't seem like an umpire to me. That seemed like a fan who got behind the plate.


Yes, that's right. Go ahead. And so here, so Trump just last week goes on, Kristen Wilkers meet the press and listen what happened. You've talked about prioritizing people who have criminal histories, correct? But is it your plan to deport everyone who is here illegally over the next four years? Well, I think you have to do it and it's a hard, it's a very tough thing to do that You're saying, yes, you're gonna focus on the people with criminal histories, but everyone who's here illegally has to go, I'm saying is What you're saying. I'm saying we have to get the criminals out of our country. And you see what they've done in Colorado and other places, they're taking over, literally taking over apartment complexes and doing it with impunity. They don't care.


They couldn't, they just are ta they're in the real estate business. You Know, the local police say they're, that is not the case in Colorado. Oh, it's Totally the case in, Okay, we knew he was telling the truth. We knew JD Vance was telling the truth. And guess what, guess what just happened? 14, detained in armed Aurora, Colorado Home invasion are likely illegal Venezuelan gang members according to local police. I mean, days after that exchange with NBC where she knew it's not like, oh, well it happened after. No, it's been happening. The mainstream media will not admit it. Adam.


Yeah, well, was she calling balls and strikes? I mean, these weren't M-S-N-B-C pundits or CNN, that this is a B, C, this is why we cannot turn to a, b, C for information. You just saw three starting with stephanopoulos of their leading news journalists anchors Wilkers, NBC Oh, I'm sorry, NBC, but mainstream, so, But two of the main Three broadcasts. Yes. Okay. So we no longer have to turn there for news, maybe news about an earthquake in Nicaragua, but certainly nothing to do with Trump. Okay? So that's established.


They did that to themselves. I don't know why they fell on their own sword that way, but they destroyed their own brand. And it's sad. And they keep looking around going, You know, Trump says fake news, why don't people listen to us? People don't listen to you because you've been wrong and lying about everything for a decade and we're done. We hit a saturation point. All right, as far as this stuff goes, whatever it is, it, it all turns out to be true. You know, hunter Biden's laptop or Ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine or where did Covid come from? Did it come from a lab or did it come from a wet market? Well, well, Ladi doc, guess what came from a lab?


You know, do masks work, herd immunity, whatever vaccination efficacy at all. Every single story ends up going the way that the conspiracy theorists or Trump or JD Vance or whomever spoke about you, spoke about, I spoke about it all ends up going that way. So surprise, surprise. This'll be one more log on the fire of stuff we talked about that was poo-pooed and, and brushed off as hysteria to try to win election number one. Number two, I love when they make this argument where they go, and JD Vance made it as well, I've made it many times where they go, yes, the young female jogger was killed by the legal gangbanger who should have been deported, but they commit crime at a much lesser rate than the average.


All right? But tell that to the parents of the chick who was jogging like a lesser rate. It should be zero idiots. The person shouldn't be in the goddamn country, that the person who was jogging should still be alive. There should be zero Venezuelan gang bangers in Aurora, Colorado. Not, it's not a big problem. Yeah, it should be zero idiots. Yeah. This is the exchange I had with Bill Maher when I went on his show too. He was like, oh, like Americans don't commit crime. I'm like, we have to take them that yes, we can't kick the Americans out. We can put 'em in jail. We can't kick 'em out. Why are we having to deal with the Venezuelan illegals committing these kinds of crimes?


And listen to the one that I just gave you, the headline of this is at and a group of apartments again where we were told, told by the mainstream media they had not taken over. And here's the story. They kidnapped two victims, a male and a female, and assaulted them 13 to 15 gang members, mostly male. Some females entered an apartment where two people were inside. They took the migrant victims to another apartment at the same location where the victims were threatened and bound, pistol whipped, beaten and stabbed. Even the local police chief saying, yeah, sounds like torture to me.


And then they described this as follows, the Aurora police chief Todd Chamberlain on Tuesday described a bit of the crime Stop five A victims. It was a male and a female. They were accosted by approximately 13 to 15 armed individuals. Again, they were pistol whipped, they were beat, they were mistreated. One of the, the male was actually stabbed. He had a stab wound. So does that fall in the category of torture for me? Yeah, it does. And I can guarantee you, I will give you my expertise and my knowledge of what I believe this is without question, a gang incident, there are Venezuelans involved. So again, oh, you don't Say there Was a high assumption that they may be affiliated or affiliated with the TDA game.


Again, we have a gang problem Trend Without question. We have 25 some gangs like every major city does. We have a number of gang members. And it's not just up in that area, it's not just in that complex, it's throughout the entire city of Aurora. I'm just like, do you think Martha Ratts or Kristen Welker will be playing this story? And that soundbite, it's just people are being, I don't know, are they being misled? I think Democrats are being misled. I think they believe these sources still, and they still are scratching their heads. Like, I don't get it. Morning Joe told me that she was gonna win. And also Joe Biden was fine. Yeah, the Kristin Welter clip that's fun to go back in the way back machine and look at, is when Trump was debating Biden and he brought up Russia, Russia, Russia.


And he was saying that, You know, his son took money from Ukraine. And that heated exchange where Biden was saying, me, you took money from Ukraine, your son, I never did anything. We have 51 intelligence experts, Chris and Wilker's trying to moderate, and she keeps yelling, could we get back to race? Could we get back to the subject of race? It's the funniest thing ever. It's like a perfect time capsule. Like these guys are arguing about the biggest story of the year. And she's like, what about race, sir? Let's talk about what happened to race. So can we get back to arguing about race? Could you two old white guys get back to arguing about race?


Please. So true. It's so funny to hear her yelling about race in the background. It's perfect. Like, yeah, Argue about Another person obsessed with race is this representative Jasmine Crockett, who is constantly, constantly playing the race card, accusing everybody of racism on Capitol Hill. Here she is talking about what the, the pro, what the gang problem is to her. Take a listen. He said that we've got these cities in these towns that are being overrun by gangs and the crime out of control. I absolutely agree with that. And guess what? It's the MAGA gang. It is the white supremacists that have decided to descend upon places such as Springfield, Ohio.


The problems are him and his minions. The problems aren't the people that have come to make our economy stronger. I agree that there are problems in our communities, but usually it's some white supremacists on the other side. She's from Texas, Texas getting bluer and bluer. But that's their representative out there spewing that nonsense in response to Trump's original claim back at the debate. Well, there's something that's very dangerous, which is they ran on race. So the Democrats are all, You know, they race, hustle, and they run on race, right? So what they do is they lay something down, they go, well, this country was founded by racists and it's, it's embedded in our DNA and blah blah blah.


And Biden, who didn't turn out to be a moderate at all, he turned out to be another race hustler. Started immediately with the white Supremacies, the biggest problem this country faces. And he got Ray from the FBI and and Garland from the DOJ and he got everybody coached up on working the white supremacy as a big problem angle, which is fine. They're just hustling and lying and agitating black people and people of color and white people and everybody in the nation as well, which is, it should be a dereliction of duty, but fine, they're bad people with no moral compass. But the real problem is, is once you make the proclamation that white supremacy is the biggest problem this country faces, then you better go find some white supremacy.


And that's what happened with January 6th. That's what happened with all these FBI raids on, You know, somebody was, You know, protesting a, an abortion clinic 30 feet away with a son. They had to create numbers and statistics to back up their false assertions about white supremacy. And that's when it gets dangerous because that's when citizens start getting locked up so that they can have a self-fulfilling prophecy. Hmm. I mean, wow. Speaking of the Duke lacrosse case, right? Right. I mean that's that's right on point with what just happened this week with Crystal Manga finally admitting she made the whole thing up.


I mean, like, I don't know, do you think they were having a re a debate about this on the editors this week, the National Review Pod podcast, which I love, and they were asking, do you think the Duke lacrosse case would have unfolded the same way today as it did back in 2006? Would we be more circumspect about this woman's allegations in 2024, almost 25 America? Or would would the media have run with it tenfold and even more egregiously than it did? I think you and I and folks like us would've cons been considerate about it and give it some thought, but I don't think the ladies from the view have moved a millimeter since, You know, Kyle Rittenhouse or Jesse Molet or whatever, whatever they got wrong, they get something wrong every single week.


I don't think they would've moved. I don't think the aforementioned anchors we just saw from the two networks would've backed off this thing. I don't think the Al Sharptons or the, or or even the Obamas or the Michelle Obamas or the Oprahs or the Hollywood types, the, the, the race hustlers out there, I don't think any of 'em would've acted any differently. You know, they don't learn lessons. That's part of why, the reason they make the same mistakes over and over again is 'cause they never learn from their last mistake. They sailed right through Covid. They sailed right through Covid, never tapped, never tapped the brakes, never looked around, never thought, Hmm, what what did I get wrong? What can I take ownership?


What do I owe someone an apology for? None of 'em have a rear view mirror. They sailed through four years of being wrong about Covid and never even look back. The ladies of the view are among those who are just baffled at the right wing backlash to Kaitlyn Clark coming out and saying, when nominated or ex honored as Time magazine's Athlete of the Year, I do wanna acknowledge my white privilege and point out that what would really be nice is for the black women on whose backs this league was built to be spotlighted and elevated. They don't get why, especially post the Trump election. Many of us saw that as an absurd statement for her to be asserting her white privilege as opposed to her athletic accomplishment and getting this honor.


They don't get it, Adam. They're not gonna get it. No matter how many times Trump or a Trump accolade wins an election, national or state, et cetera. Yeah. Well, I got news for the ladies. Caitlin Clark is a great athlete, but the greatest female athlete, and I'm, I'm including Serena and Venus and all the great ones, the greatest female athlete of all time is Caitlyn Jenner. So sorry ladies, dude is the greatest female athlete of all time. Ladies, sorry, I don't wanna ruin your week. He can crush all of us. Oh, can I tell you something? Speaking of he and yeah, I, I like Caitlyn actually, and I mean him no disrespect by using he, he knows why I do it.


But there was just an unbelievable ruling out of your state. You won't be surprised to learn is so annoying. There, there was a judge out there. Okay, hold on. A judge in California, I gotta back up just to explain what happened. A man who had never said he was secretly a woman, You know, he was feeling like a woman inside until he was convicted and sent to prison for a long, long time. Then suddenly he decides when he hears that they've changed the rules in California, such that men who say they're female can go into women's prisons. I'm trans, I'm trans. Well, he gets transferred to a woman's prison and guess what he does? He rapes somebody. He allegedly rapes a female prisoner and now he's in the middle of a trial for that crime.


He is in the middle of being tried for that crime. Well, guess what? Here's what happened. This is according to the Women's Liberation front, which is attending the trial and documenting what's happening. The California DA for this area, Eric Du Temple gets into court and argues this man raped this female prisoner, steeply wrong, blah, blah, blah. And the prisoner objects saying he, he needs to refer to me as a she and her, the male prisoner who committed the rape. I'm she her, the judge pauses the proceedings to take it under consideration. Well guess what? Yesterday the judge made a final decision or made yesterday, the day before. And the decision is that the prosecutor must refer to the defendant male rapist as a she her during the trial, which we believe is a first for a criminal case.


This is unbelievable. The prosecutor has to stand up in front of the jury. This is him. This is our woman. This is she, her, the, the prosecutor has to say she raped the female inmate. What in the actual f adam? You know, it's an interesting ploy and it happens. It's happened a few times and it, it's actually kind of effective because there was a trial or a, a crime out here in Los Angeles, and you probably remember it, that's probably about five years ag ago now, where a young, I dunno, eight or 9-year-old girl went to a bathroom at a Denny's and then a male went in and raped, sexually assaulted the kid and then decided to become a, he, she, her, You know, was talking to his dad over a prison phone laughing, saying he's gaming the system, so on and so forth.


That was a few years ago, but when I was reading the article in the news story about it in the Los Angeles Times, 'cause the Los Angeles Times is stupid and woke and has to go with the pronouns and everything. So the story and the pronouns were like, they, okay, so you're imagine you're reading a story. The story is an 8-year-old girl goes into a bathroom at a restaurant and a 25-year-old male goes into the bathroom and rapes the 8-year-old in the bathroom. That's the story. But when you're reading the article, it says, You know, a minor went to the bathroom, then they went into the bathroom after her, and then she, they pulled out her penis and then she raped, she and they raped.


And after reading it for five minutes, you just go, I, I didn't even know what's going. I I don't even know what's going on. Leave 'em alone. I'm I I'm moving on. I I can't figure this out. They went in. No, he, no, no, she, wait a minute, she raped. They, was it a gang rape? Was it? No, it was, she, so she raped the other girl. It's like, it was perfect. It's perfect. The jury just goes, I, I give up. I I I don't know. I don't, I don't know what this is anymore. And it works. Look at a picture of this man, This man, this picture of this man insisting and succeeding in being called she, her in court was taken, what is it dead March, April. This was, this was last April.


This is not like 10 years ago before the transition. This is a man working the system and those idiots in California are allowing it. They couldn't give two shits about the female prisoners in California. Yes. They don't care. It's absolutely, yes, outrageous. And by the way, that judge's order should be appealed. It's unconstitutional. You cannot force speech like this. You cannot force th this compromise of the victim's rights by confusing the jury in this way. I don't think this is going to be, they should appeal it. This should, this should not be allowed. Okay. Couple other things I wanna get to. Have you been following the drones? I have my eye in the sky, but I do not claim to have any special information on the drones.


Well, everybody in the northeast is talking about it because everyone's seeing them. They're everywhere. And first we were told we weren't and then we were told, oh, it's nothing. And then we were told, oh, it's just the same amount of drones that are always out there. Like you're just, you're inventing it in your head. You've heard the story and now you're seeing what's not there. Totally untrue. That's just not true. Then yesterday, finally the Pentagon and others came out and said, oh, it's a, it's like a collection of, it's like hobbyists commercial fixed wing aircraft and also law enforcement, law law enforcement. Like they just drop it in there. Like we're Yeah, we know that that's what it appears to be. It's, it could be federal law enforcement, it could be CIA, it could be FBI, it could be Pentagon. That's all law enforcement.


And now the speculation is of course, what are they doing up there? What law enforcement, what are law enforcement drones looking for? And here is New Jersey, mayor of Bellevue, Michael Mehan with some new information. So 12. We also know that we have drones that are flying in a grid-like pattern. In my opinion. They're looking for something. What might they be looking for? Well, potentially we're aware of a threat that came in through Port Newark. Maybe that's radioactive material. There was, and there is an alert that's out right now that radioactive material in New Jersey has gone missing on December 2nd. It was a shipment. What? It arrived at its destination. The container was damaged and was empty.


So potentially we're looking for wait for that. Wait, stop right there Mayor. 'cause that's very important information. Yes. And that came from, from a credible source That came from the US government. And so it's missing, missing And they think it's in New Jersey or it could be anywhere. It was lost in New Jersey in transit. And again, this is just an example of what I think that we're sniffing for. Okay? Like we've lost radioactive, this is like a scene at a back to the future, Adam, like the, remember docs stole a whole thing of plutonium to make the DeLorean run. Where's our radioactive material and is that what the drones are looking for? We don't know, but this is why people are freaked out.


Well, to me it, it speaks to a, a larger picture and a, a huge problem with the current time we're living in and especially with Biden administration. If you heard Biden comment on the drones or Mayor Orcas comment on the drones or Kamala Harris comment on the drones or Kareem Jean Pierre comment on the drones. Would you believe one word that came out of their mouth? No. Okay, so that's a problem. Everybody I've, everybody I've spoke to, I go, what do you think? And we, we, what if Biden came out and gave a presser on the drones, would you believe any of it or anyone from the FBI or anyone from the CIA or like I said Mayor or Homeland Security, whatever.


And they all go, no, I wouldn't believe anything they said, why should we? And it's like, well that's kind of a weird testimonial, You know what I mean? That's, that's a weird position to be in in the United States of America. I've been here for a while. I remember a day when if the president came out and made a comment or statement about it or the director of Homeland Security or FBI or DOJ or whomever, CIA, I would tend to believe them. I I no longer believe anything they say. No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't believe anything Biden says or that comes out of the Biden administration. I don't think he gets enough credit for being a liar.


Yeah. Enough credit. Yeah. Let me show you back to back Biden on the drones on Tuesday and Trump on the drones on Monday. Watch this. All those drones over New Jersey. What what's behind all of that? There's nothing nefarious apparently, but they're checking it all out. They just, I think it's just one because a lot of drones were authorized up there. I think one started and they all guys, everybody wanna get in their deal. The government knows what is happening. Look, our military knows where they took off from.


If it's a garage, they can go right into that garage. They know where it came from and where it went. And for some reason they don't want to comment. And I think they'd be better off saying what it is. Our military knows and our, our president knows and for some reason they want to keep people in suspense. I can't imagine it's the enemy because it was the enemy that blasted out. Even if they were late, that blasted something strange is going on for some reason. They don't want to tell the people and they should because the people are really, I mean, they happen to be over bedminster. Wanna know the intelligent preacher. They're very, they're very close to Bedminster. I think maybe I won't spend the weekend in Bedminster.


Have you been? I've decided to cancel my trip. Such a difference. For those who couldn't hear Biden, what he said was nothing nefarious apparently. But they're checking it all out. There's a lot of drones authorized up there. I think one started and they all got everybody's wanna get in the deal. And then there was Trump. They know, right? And they should just tell people, Remember 10 minutes ago when everyone was explaining to us, the adults are back in charge and now we have integrity and transparency. We're gonna have full transparency. How insane is the last four years been in terms of the adults in transparency?


I mean he, I he just, if I said to Joe Biden, how do you like your eggs? And he said, Sonny, side up. I'd just yell. Liar. I don't think he knows. That's the question. I don't think he knows either at this point. You're right at this point runny, I don't know, like very soft boiled. He's, I mentioned at the time of the show there's a, there's a New York Times article called A Weary Biden Heads for the Exit. They talk about how he's falling asleep at his international events. He went to some museum, they had to bring the exhibits out to him as he walked away from one event. Everybody there coward in fear that he was gonna tumble over. And they say, it's hard to imagine that he seriously thought he could do the world's most stressful job for another four years.


A lie. The New York Times was pedaling just months ago, Adam. But now it's really hard to imagine how he thought he could do it. Yeah, well the New York Times not calling balls and strikes so we don't have to listen to them either. But yeah, I I just don't feel like Biden it's, it's funny because we're focusing on Biden being sort of out of it and deteriorating mentally just like they wanted us to focus on Hunter Biden. Like this guy had a substance abuse problem. This guy beat his problem but he had demons. It's like, no, no. He was a grifter and a thief. And Biden is corrupt and a thief.


Yeah, he also has dementia and yeah, his son also loved crack. But first and foremost they were thieves and grifters who were trading on the Biden name and enriching themselves. So don't lose focus of that fact. This shall be the legacy. Adam Carolla, always great to see you. Thank you so much for being here. Always great to see you Megan. Alright, up next, we stay out on the left coast with Justine Bateman. Don't go away


looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself or something that people are not expecting. Like a hostess gift or something You know for your spouse that they would never predict. Think about this fire, a cracker of farm hot salt. That's fun. Who's expecting that? But everybody would love it. It's an awesome gift. It's beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. Tasty, handcrafted, totally unique. Perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. It's not your typical salt. Every stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild for people like me to wow like my friends in Texas. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker farm hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, Firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays. There's always a chance they will run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift. But you don't wanna wait too long or you could miss out. Firecracker farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful and un for Getable. Get yours today at Firecracker dot Farm.


Meta's Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


And now we turn to someone I cannot wait to talk to here with me today, filmmaker and author Justine Bateman. Justine joined me way back in 2021 in episode 81, which you should definitely go back and check out. We were just babies back then on this show. And she's been crushing it on social media since then. Especially as of late saying how many of us feel after the seismic 2024 election. But in her case, it's especially brave because she is a Hollywood person and You know how it is to be honest about politics out there. She's also been sounding the alarm about the dangers of ai, which we discussed yesterday with guest Tristan Harris.


You should go back and listen to that if you haven't heard it. Very scary story about something called character ai. Justine, welcome back to the show. Hi, good to see you again. Oh, great to see you too. So we'll get to the AI stuff 'cause this is really, really interesting. But how do you feel now here we are one month and a couple of weeks post the November 5th seismic change in America. And I don't know, I mean you, I know you don't say who you vote for, but how are you feeling about the future? I I think this is great. It was long overdue.


Yeah, just that, that mob mentality momentum that's necessary to maintain an atmosphere where your job can be destroyed, your social standing can be destroyed, your children's lives at their school can be destroyed. That momentum ended with the, like the very large national poll of what people want, which is our national presidential election. Kind of set the stage for that being over. And that's the kind of momentum you need for things like the, if people remember the McCarthy trials, the HUAC trials, the blacklisting in the fifties, the witch burning of the 16 hundreds, even things like tulip mania also of the 16 hundreds.


If you don't have that momentum, you can't, You don't have the structure you need to ruin people's lives. So that's over. How did we get sucked into it so fully? I think it started with the Me Too movement. And I did an essay on this on my substack where Me too. I think if you're somebody who's prone to feel left out, this is the worst era for you to be in because You know, if you're left out in, in prior eras, you would know if you were left out in your small group, your town, maybe your work environment, your school.


But now it's like, You know, if you're left out of the entire world because what you posted on social media didn't get any likes or you're not part of the hashtag. And so you can look on, see the trending topics and you can see that you are not part of it. And I think that was true for a lot of women when they saw the Me Too hashtag trending and all these women in the very unfortunate and not enviable situation of having been victims of criminal sexual assault.


But it was a big topic and I think a lot of women felt left out and then they started kind of lowering the bar to what qualifies for that. And it became sort of the, oh, big time, me, me, me, me, me too movement. And also we started glorifying. There was a lot of attention on people who have PTSD or You know, maybe from having been a victim of sexual assault or other reasons. And there was focus on that too. And so people wanna be part of that as well. They wanted to, You know, they kind of scrambled within themselves to see like, well, can't I qualify somehow? Don't I have some sort of trauma somehow?


And then they started wearing it on their, like almost almost on a Girl Scout sta You know, little badges and you could see it on their profiles. I'm a this, I'm a that, I, You know, and they started sort of highlighting all the ways that they were, they could qualify for invisible disabilities or me, me, me, me too. And then it became a sacred cow. I think it's that Megan, like as soon as something becomes a sacred cow, you're screwed. You know? And then it became like, oh, you can't touch that. You can't touch anything to do with sexual assault. You can't do touch anything to do with, you can't question anybody.


You can't, well look at the animals. I saw a video of somebody pulling, putting a great Dane on an airplane. That's their emotional support. Oh, it's, Yes. It's so ridiculous. I Mean, and people were afraid to push back because it was so easy on social media. There was that momentum, right? It was so easy on social media to destroy your career, get you fired. And for anyone who says that's not true, you're, you're either kidding yourself or you're, you're you, you're just kidding yourself. It's, it's, it's, it's childish to say that that wasn't true. I know people for whom that's true.


So it absolutely happened. And so, okay, Lemme ask you this. 'cause I look back at the beginning of the Me Too movement and in the beginning I think there were some noble moments, You know, sure, I am thrilled that Harvey Weinstein's no longer in power, but Les Moonves is no longer in power. You know, some real villains, at least with respect to the way they treated women went down. And I loved that. I think that's worth celebrating. 'cause we had been living in an era in which they had total control and women really did kind of have to go along to get along or just leave the industry, You know? Yeah. And, and then I really think like the, the pivotal moment was Kavanaugh, where they tried to Kavanaugh, You know, it's a verb now to be Kavanaugh, right?


We're like, he's an alleged gang rapist and he is been on the federal bench for all these years. We, we never knew. And You know, who's pushing those claims? Oh, it's Michael Avanti who would wind up in prison himself, right. For defrauding his own clients and being a, a professional liar and, and thief. So that was pivotal. But you're right. 'cause there was a jump, the shark movement. And I remember being on, on the set at NBC where I talked to a lot of these women and there was one young woman who sat there and her complaint was that her boss was, comp was complimenting how nice she looked in her dress And I remember saying to her, come on, like, what?


And she was very defensive of how, no, like, it's inappropriate. I I, I just don't know how, like, in the same way, like Black Lives Matter, You know? Yes. Are there some incidents where we have some bad cops who do some very bad things? Of course. So then this momentum starts, but we, we just overcorrect everything to the point of completely bastardizing the movements. And there's a large segment of the population that when the movement breaks, it, it reaches the point of absurdity because it's been so exploited, they cannot get off the train. They just, they cannot admit that something that once may have had a noble goal or, You know, taken down a true villain here or there is no longer admirable, is no longer characterized with valor of any kind, is no longer about standing up for anybody who's downtrodden, but really more about being a bully and being a movement that gets used for someone's ulterior motives.


Yeah. But for those people who were taking advantage of it, that was always true. So imagine what, where were those people before they decided they were gonna join these hashtags, even though they didn't qualify what was going on in their lives, what kind of people were they? And I would hazard to guess that they were lost. They didn't know what they were gonna do with their lives. They felt like they were of no consequence. They felt like they were not important. They felt like they had no, nobody was gonna listen to them about anything. And maybe their people, maybe they were people who had not looked within themselves at their own basket of skills and talents that I believe every single person is born with.


And they haven't bothered to develop any of those. So you take these people and this attention that they got through lowering the bar to qualify for these hashtags, they were able to use it almost like a drug. So, so now you have a bunch of addicts, if you will, and their drug has been removed from them. So they are flailing, they're, and now you see them grabbing onto things like, yeah, let's go after all these other CEOs. And I'm like, okay, yes. You know, you talk about absurd, like it's be becoming even more absurd because just like a junkie, you take away their, their drug or an alcoholic or, or an an an, an anorexic or a compulsive over eater, like you name it, a workaholic, a sexaholic, anything.


You take any, you take the drug away from them before they've hit bottom. And there's going to be, you're gonna have some of that's beyond a panic attack. And that's what a lot of people are experiencing now. Because what it means is they will have to go back, pick up where they left off before they hitch their wagon to these hashtags. They're gonna have to go back there. I think it's a great opportunity for them. They're gonna have to go back to that point where they left off and start developing their own basket of skills and talents. And I think if they do that and put in that work, they will see that they do have value. They do have, they do have a skillset that is a value in society.


So I'm excited for them, but it's, it's, it's going to be uncomfortable for them right now. It's gonna take a while. That, that is such an interesting and apt point. I hadn't even considered that this weird cult status of this accused shooter, Luigi Benoni, who very much appears to have killed Brian Thompson, United Healthcare, CEO and is accused of such. Yeah. That it's related to this cult mindset. Well, the reaction, right? Yeah. The Reaction. They're looking for a new cost. Lemme just give you another, a number and then I'll give it back to you. We talked yesterday about a poll that showed 40 per 41% of 18 to 29 year olds, 41% approve of what Luigi did.


Allegedly th this murder approve only 40% of that cohort says they disapprove. So basically tied. But the fact that it's tied on approve, disapprove this murder of just his only sin was being the CEO of UnitedHealthcare is astonishing. And then here's more. This is poll Tracker pointing out today, favorability of Luigi by age 18 to 29. Favorable opinion of him, him, 39% of that cohort has a favorable opinion. 30% unfavorable, 30 to 44 year olds, unfavorable, 29, favorable 28. So it's basically tied for 30 to 44 year olds on the, whether they approve of this guy.


And then As you get older, goes down unfavorable within the 45 to 64 US Gen Xers, 49% unfavorable, favorable 1465 and up unfavorable 63, favorable five. But unbelievable. Justine. Well, I think, I think you're seeing a lot of cognitive dissonance with, with him and also this teenage girl who did this shooting recently, I forget, in Wisconsin. Is that right? Madison? And so cognitive dissonance is interesting. It's, You know, where you can't hold two ideas, two different ideas in your head at the same time. So people are going, oh, well somebody murdered somebody and oh, he's, he's well off.


Oh, and he's educated and there's nothing in his social media that seems to indicate that he's, that he's insane or holds ideas that are in opposition of their positions. And do you see, like he doesn't fit into like the category that, that they expect or that anybody really expects? Who expects that? And the school shooter? Aren't we used to the school shooters being, I don't know, radicalized young men or maybe I'm, I'm speaking that incorrectly. I mean, isn't that usually No, no, it's 19 to 26-year-old men.


But now you have a young woman, teenager who's railing against misogyny, you see? So these two kill, it's an interesting timing for them. They're both murderers. That's it. A murderer. They're both murderers. Neither one of them doing it outta self-defense. So in society, as far as I'm concerned, that is abhorrent and not to be, it's unacceptable in our society. You can't have a society, a cohesive society if that kind of thing is acceptable, obviously. But I think, yeah, what I said, I think there's a lot of cognitive dissonance for many, many people that these two killers are the types of people that they are.


I definitely think it relates to like the, we're we're kind of talking about the rise of woke ism too, the explosion of woke. I, and I think they're directly related to the loss of a national identity, a patriotic thread that binds us together. You know, when we grew up, that was instilled in the classroom. You'd stand up every morning and say the pledge, You know, I mean, we used to sing my country t in my class in the mornings it was, and that's gone. And so was religion in the public square, which was absolutely one of the things that we saw the country founded on. And it's been erased and erased and erased and replaced with active school shooter drills. And there's a, there's a search for meaning.


Yeah. And be interesting to like, to see where that started. I really liked doing the Pledge of Allegiance at when I was a kid. I'm sorry to hear that. That's, I know that's not been a part of the regular school mornings for a while now. And that's too bad. I'm not opposed to religion not being in schools or You said you didn't say schools, you said the town square. It's the Public square. You know, it's interesting. Spirituality, the decline, You know, when you look, there's a chart, right? The decline is really sharp. The fall off, I don't know when, when the, the, the sort of steep descent begins, but maybe Megan, it has to do with the kind of flattening of culture that the internet, You know, public facing internet introduced.


And look, there's a lot of great things about the internet. And one of the consequences though was a flattening of culture, a flattening of time too. Like imagine some interview that I did in 1987, you could find in a magazine, a 1987 issue of a magazine. And it's in context. You see other people that were, You know, popular enough at the time to be interviewed. You see ads from that time news that was happening at that time, whatever. But now you see an interview of me from 1987 online, there's no context. It's as if I said it yesterday, or, You know, oftentimes these interviews and articles don't have any dates on them at all.


So there's that aspect of it as far as news, as far as what is happening. And then you also have just this almost a monoculture of everybody knowing what everybody's doing all at once. You no longer had these pockets sort of, not an incubator, but a an area in which, and a a time and a space where something could develop and then emerge. You remember when we were kids, something, if you were living in la there would be like some fashion, like bell bottoms or something like this. And then you'd go visit your cousins in Wisconsin or Utah or something and, and they're like, what are you wearing?


And then three or four years later, that would be a trend there. So all of that went away with the internet because everything's so immediate. So I mean, And, and also do you think also Rauner like, You know, it used to be the kids were stealing the playboys outta their dad's, You know, trunk at the foot of the bed, and now it's like graphic triple X porn available, You know, at the click of a button on the, on the devices. And it's ubiquitous. I mean, I, I just had a guy on the show last week who I love named Dr. Leonard Sacks. He's a parenting expert. He's MD PhD, went to MIT only, only takes into account longitudinal, You know, focus group studies in giving his feedback, You know, so he's not like a feelings type guy.


He looks at actual data and studies of like large cohorts of children to figure out what's what. And he was saying parents need to remain the primary influence in their children's life in 2024 America through age 18. 18. I said, what are you talking about? In the seventies, we had no parents, there were no parents anywhere, You know, like, and we turned out fine. I I, you could argue we turned out better than the current generations are, are looking to turn out based on some of the things you discussed. And he said it was different then because the, the culture would step in to fill some of the void. And the culture was family ties shows with a message shows with two parents shows like Little House in the Prairie shows like the Waltons, You know, music had a more positive message back then.


You didn't turn it on and hear as he always points out the wet ass p word song. You know, like, I mean it was just very different. Yeah, I didn't mean to cut you off, I just mean that song is like absolutely bizarre to me. Yeah, it's disgusting. But I mean, you lived it. You were and remained, this is why, how we all came to know and love you a cultural icon because of you, you were part of that messaging and somehow we lost it. And I do think the internet was a big part in destroying it. Well, yeah, part of it. But think of it, I think of it this way. You had, when you were interacting with your peers in, before the internet, you had real world consequences.


You found out that behaving in a particular way got you uninvited to the next party. You were shunned in certain arena and then, but there was opportunity to like earn your way back into a group or something, right? I mean, it was sort of Yes. Yep. That's, It was more tribal like that, right? It Was just, but Then when the internet net was introduced, social media, you could actually get attention, which is not the same thing as approval. You could get attention online for, for behavior. And also couple that with, and this preceded the, the internet and social media by a bit reality shows.


So I always think back to the first reality show that I recall, which was real world on MTV and there was a guy on there named Puck, and Puck was Puck Misbehaved. I mean, As you can, that's his name. So I Remember that if anybody, there's a, a Shakespearean play with Puck in it. Yeah, yeah. That's A, that's a, is it a little, what is it? Midsummer Night Street, what is it? Summer Night Street? Yeah. A little mischief maker. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So he was a, he was a real pain in the ass. And, and then, but people were so enthralled with the idea that somebody was behaving like that and, and nothing was really happening to him.


And so that became a trend in social, in on reality shows, You know, the worst behavior got rewarded with attention and money and whatever else. So I think people see, saw these two things and then that sort of tribal consequence of, of being a, a poor, You know, addition to a party or something was diluted. I think that has something to do with it. I'm thinking about Omar Omarosa right now on The Apprentice. Yeah, yeah. That was another one.


Yeah, Just like Puck, she kept getting brought back for the MVP edition and then, You know, the All Star edition because, and I am one of the people who loved to watch her bad behavior on that show. It was highly entertaining. But I maybe it has a different effect on a strong personality watching it for mild entertainment in the same way the Real Housewives does, versus someone who's impressionable and looking to make a name for themselves or doesn't have that strong sort of sense of self, the strong id and is looking to fill it up with something that void. Yeah, I mean, when you're younger, you, you look around, you're like, you're, you're new to society, especially as a little kid, right?


What do people value? There's a, there's a sociologist named Renee Girard who has this theory called Mimetic de mimetic desire. His theory is that nobody wants anything when they're born except the, the core need and desire to survive. And they look around and they see what other people are desiring, who've been here longer, and then they just sort of mimic their desire. They go, oh, everybody wants that car. Okay, then I wanna want it too. You know, because how else are you going to, you look around at the society that exists to see how you can, to see what's valued in order to not only fit in, but to, to be of value in that society as well.


And that is, and that does come back to somebody's sense of surviving, right? So it's a shame little kids then they look at, they look at, they looked at that reality, that poor reality show behavior. They look at how people behave online. They look at, I mean, even Trump's behavior, You know, You know, he was looked at it objectively in, in 2016, changed the way he was criticizing people, You know, that I was not in favor of, frankly. But that changed Same Political behavior.


You notice after that it not only changed political behavior, I mean, how many people, how many politicians had online accounts at that point had Twitter account, You know, when it was Twitter or Facebook accounts or anything. And after that, and not only did it change political behavior, but it, the 24 hour news cycle, always needing a talking head, all the podcasts that need, that need guests, all of this, all of this need needing people to be online. Like there's, there's an endless amount of air that needs to be filled with people's presence and, and then the bad behavior being kind of awarded. I think it has attracted a certain type of politician.


Now remember when we first saw C-Span in the early eighties, oh God, or whatever it was, and we look at this and go, You know, the first time we saw like, what, what, You know, on tv, like what, what was going on in the, in the house or the Senate? And we just went, oh my God, it's so boring. Like, how do they stay awake? These people are so dull. What they have to do all day is so dull. And that's not the case anymore. And I think it's attracted people. I think we should I bring back the boring politicians, like who just, they're doing their job. You know? I think it's Too late for that. I know. I don't think We could, I mean, This type that wants to be on camera all the time, You know, and then, and it's, it's on both sides of the whatever aisle.


I mean the a OC Yeah, no, I, I, I call A-O-C-A-A congressional Kardashian. That's what she seems like to me. She just wants to get famous and build her socials while she's in there. Yeah. And then I guess parlay that into some sort of whatever po I dunno what her long term plan is. I don't really care. So not really that, but I do think, because I thought about Trump a lot. He spent his life in the, in the public eye. He definitely attention is his oxygen. But the thing about Trump that's been interesting is, yes, he was more crude. One of the reasons why he got such a negative reaction when he first burst onto the political scene in 1516 was yes, he was saying things that the Republican party considered anathema, You know, I mean, tariffs, that wasn't their thing.


Not being, You know, provably pro-life. That was a problem for them. There are a lot of others, more isolationists than the Republican party, which was much more neo Connie for many, many years. But really, what was driving Republicans and Americans nuts about Trump in the beginning, many of them was, he was crude, to your point. Like, he did not sound like, like Ronald Reagan, You know, the, the great order, the great communicator when he was on camera. Now, lots of reports of how Reagan spoke off camera that are pretty controversial, but on camera, on the national stage, Trump sounded very crude ma many times. And so it was jarring, but then he helped expose some of these other politicians and what they've been doing behind the scenes.


Right. That is awful. You, You know, you think about, just look at Joe Biden, how he's misused the Justice Department against his political opponent. I mean, he's also crude on camera too, but not in, not in this particular way. So my point is simply Trump was just the first one to sort of wear it on his sleeve, but behind the scenes behaved pretty well, whereas so many of these other politicians knew exactly how to play it in front of the camera. But behind the scenes were complete and total douche bags. Yeah. Could be. I think though there, You know, as far as like people, people ascribing to poor behavior, You know, generally speaking, You know, I don't mean this to be about, about politics.


I was just saying like that introduced back then a whole type of political behavior on social media. There's interesting, just like reality shows and, You know, visible likes and, and retweets and follower numbers affected the general public. But I think there's a swing away from that now, like a big swing away from that. Not only does it become kind, it it's not shocking anymore. It's people become weary of it, You know, it becomes tiresome, it becomes repetitive, You know, sort of bad behavior.


And I think people are really wanting now something real and genuine and, and loving, frankly, and not in a, in a patronizing way, just like in a real way. Because we're all like, at our core as humans, we, we, we hunger for that, which makes me feel like, You know, we might see a turn to more spirituality now. And it doesn't have to, I don't think, I know it doesn't have to be within a religion at all. Religion can be a, a framework for somebody's journey to having a relationship with God and whatever you wanna, whatever name you wanna give him, I, he doesn't give a shit, You know?


Right. But so long as it's, You know, so long as what you're imagining is someone who knows everything about you, cares about every, every scintilla of you will give you never leave your side will give you wisdom at all times. And is going to have you make, is gonna guide you to go in particular directions that might be very uncomfortable. But you will see that it is all to have you become more and more and more and more yourself. That's the goal. To have this relationship with God and become, and I'm not talking about religion.


If anyone has a bad view of that, rubs them the wrong way, that word redefine it for yourself, or use some other word, call him Bob. I mean, he just doesn't care, You know? But I, I think because listen, when you've got something like bringing it all the way around, Megan, when you've got something like ai, generative AI that is so good at imitating, I'll tell you the reason it's so good at imitating what we see in our lives is because it's taken everything stealing we've done in our lives up to now and put in, put it in a blender, and then you put in a prompt and you have this Frankenstein spoonful and it spits it out to you, how could it do that?


It's not pulling it outta the air, it's pulling all the films that have ever been done, all the series that have ever been done, all the talk shows that have ever been done, the books that have ever been written and all of this, it's wholesale theft, 100%. But you've got these, these, You know, these different applications that reproduce and we look at it and we think it's real. Or we look at these, You know, the way the media treated the whole covid thing, the fear mongering, which I think was unforgivable, unforgivable, same. And they'll do it again. It'll be done again. It, it'll be that kind of fearmongering will happen again.


'cause it's happened repeatedly in history anyway. You've got all these things that are, we used to be able to just rely on what our eyes saw. We used to be able to rely on well, or we assumed we could rely on what the media was telling us. It seemed more even keeled, right? We're just getting the, or the, the fbi how. Right? But if you don't have those things, and I don't know that they'll return our, our our, our ability to depend on these things as being real, I don't know that that will return. So that being true, then what are you gonna rely on to guide you? Are you gonna look around at other people? Are you gonna look around at what's trending on social media and Well, that must be the direction.


Are you going to go by a video that you see? Well, I don't know. That could be generative ai. Maybe that's not real. You're gonna go by what the media says. Well, I don't know. What's their agenda? If you, you've got to get some kind of foundation spiritually, however you are going to pull that together. Again, I'm not talking about religion, I'm just saying it's available and it will give you a sense of, it will give you a true north, is what I'm saying. It'll give you a sense of direction that is not dependent at all on all those other elements I just said. Because you cannot trust them.


And you and it, You know, I just encourage people to develop their own discernment, which is inherent, right? Your own discernment and your own instincts. And this is not a right or left. I mean, honestly, I'm, I think I'm not into politics at all. I'm into people divesting themselves of their fears, most of them irrational in my experience, so that they can truly become themselves completely. And I don't, and if you couple that with a, a relationship, a spiritual relationship, you're just gonna, you're gonna be so much happier.


You're gonna have focus in your life. You're going to, and you're going to be able to discern whether or not something is bullshit. And everybody needs that. Now, going forward, You're gonna need more. Well, a he dose of humility is definitely in order for most people. And believing in a higher power is a good reminder of the need to stay humble. And how we are, we are humble human beings. We don't have all the answers. And that doesn't mean Bob doesn't. All right, stand by more with Justine right after this. We're gonna ask her about those viral videos She did critiquing some of the meltdowns after Trump won. Have you seen any of these? Because they're very clever. Standby.


Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Leidos radio, LIDO 0 0 0 3. 0 0 0. What's making smarter, smarter 15 seconds At Leidos? A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. That's why we collaborate to create even smarter technology solutions in national security and health. Leidos making smart, smarter.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm Beck, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Let's just spend a minute on the, on your critiques of these videos, because it was such a clever way, I thought, to handle the insanity that broke out when Trump won. You approached it very forensically as a filmmaker and just kind of had some issues with the direction and the editorial choices by some of these people having the meltdowns. All right, let's, let's watch one, which is, I think we've got, so two where this is a woman we think with a half shaved head. Let's watch Your kids need to hear you discussing trans and queer topics. We will be hearing about trans athletes, and you need to set the record straight on the percentage of trans people in the United States and the percentage of competitive trans athletes.


It's super important to stick with the facts. Let's stop the witch hunt on trans people. So for the listening audience, that woman literally has like a center part and a long head of hair on one side and a shaved head on the other side. Go ahead Justine. Your thoughts on her approach to her messaging? Oh, that one. Oh Geez. I'd have to bring up my critique to really do it justice. But I, I think in that critique I went into, gosh, if somebody could bring it up, that'd be, I've got, I got, I have it here. It was okay, actually. Amazing. Then you read it, you read it, you, you Wrote, You know, piece introduces many questions you Should pull up. You should pull up one of the ones that, that where they were crying and like having a, like a fucking fit.


Anyway, but yeah. Sorry. Go ahead. Read, read the half. Okay. Half shaved head. You write, this piece introduces many questions as part of the, I'm shaving my head because I don't like the election outcome movement. This character has gone only halfway yet. No reason is given. The viewer is left wondering, is this a new movement? Does this represent those who are ambivalent about the election outcome? Or is the hairstyle of those who sympathize with both sides, or someone who changed their mind midway? The setting is refreshingly not in a car, and yet we wonder why or what is beyond the fence? There's a fence behind her. What is it blocking? Is it blocking an illegally narrow walkway between two houses, something else? The bright open space above the actress's head also causes the audience to wonder, is this an escape hatch for the main character?


For us, the camera is appropriately elevated, but it's unnecessarily unsteady. Tripods can be delivered to you the next day through Amazon. The editing is unfortunate because this is a short piece. All the dialogue can be captured at once. Another take should have been done fi end meaning. That is brilliant. So well done. Well, what gave you the Idea idea? Well, the ones That, well, the ones that were right after the election were a absolutely, I I mean the, the, the level of emotion that was released, it was, and my first thought when I looked at them was, man, we've had this crying genre in, You know, kind of online post for like six years.


And I, and as a filmmaker, I always wonder, were you crying really hard? I mean, something was really upsetting to you. And not just about the election, but I mean, this is happening prior. You were crying really hard about something that truly upset you. And then the thought entered your head that like, oh, I've gotta find my phone. Where's my phone? I've gotta record this. And then you held the, Put my tears on camera Up to I've gotta record myself crying. And then you recorded yourself. Maybe you did a couple of takes and then you watched it back, and then you edited it, and then you decided that it should be distributed internationally and you posted it online. Or were you wondering what to post next on your social media account?


Should it be an unboxing video? Should it be a visit to your doctor's office? You know, what are you gonna do to keep the audience there? And you go, I know I'll do a crying video, and you post it and you, you set your, your phone up or your camera and then made yourself cry. It had to have gone one way or the other. And then I thought, my second thought was, my God, we are so many years into this creator economy, and still the quality looks this shitty. How is that possible? Like, it's never been easier. That's why I mentioned the, You know, you could, the creator economy has made, so has, has created an entire cottage industry on equipment, lighting, tripod stands, I mean, everything.


Yeah, Micro, you don't have to live like this, Susan, there's no excuse, whatever her name was. So then I thought, well, I'll just tell them, You know, I'll just do a, a serious film review of these items that have been distributed internationally. Here they are. I like the ones where you, you call people out for not producing real tears. It's like, as an, as an actual actress come on. You know, like, oh yeah, kind of boning it in Some, yeah, some of it is forced, some of it is forced. And maybe it was the second or third take. And then, You know, the director of this piece should be aware if they're tiring, emotionally tiring the actress with too many takes. And, but it's better to read them.


Actually. If, if people go to my substack, which is justine bateman substack.com, there's an index there of, I've done over a hundred of them, so they can go down, you go all the way down to the bottom even and see the first ones. There was one with a woman who was standing next to this man very close, as if her one arm is behind him. And she's looking at him as he's talking and she's nodding her head to camera. And then she's looking back and nodding and, and it really looked like she's a ventriloquist and this is her dummy, the guy standing next to her.


So there's a whole piece on that. Anyway, it's, yeah, it's satire. Absolutely perfect. It's a great way to comment on, 'cause a lot of times they're saying stuff that's really heinous, You Know? Well, but what's so clever about it is, I mean, that's what you are supposed to do. You're supposed to laugh at fools who behave so foolishly and they're meant to anger you. They're, they're meaning to upset you, to, to motivate you to cry. And it's the, it's the appropriate response to look at a lunatic like that and just laugh a little. Like, okay, good, good luck. In your influencer career, I, I've got doubts about how far it's going.


Did you get any blowback on that? Like, are you, I know you're, You know, you're towing the line politically and you're not a political person, which I believe, but do you get blowback just, You know, just by saying, by not saying you're for Kamala, you can get blowback in Hollywood. I don't remember a time in my career where, where there was an absence of criticism of me. So, or of anybody. I mean, I'm not, there's nothing unique about me in that sense. I go into detail in my book fame. Right? We talked about that years ago.


Yeah. You just didn't hear it as often when, because of the effort it took to write a letter to somebody, You know, back before the internet. So I've always been, there's always been somebody, at least one person. And I say that sarcastically, like more than one person who's got a problem with me, who's something about my presence pushes their buttons or they don't like that I haven't done anything to my face or they, You know, I mean, so I don't, it, it doesn't, it doesn't, any quote blowback I would be getting from anything I'm saying now is in the same bin.


In other words, it's no different now than it's ever been. So I don't care. And all I'm saying now is I'm glad that that mob mentality momentum is over because the last eight years and most acutely last four years, we're fucking unbearable. Unbearable. I never wanna go through anything like that again in my life. I truly don't. It was the most un-American situation I've ever been in. And I'm 58, I think I'm 58, You know? Yeah, totally agree To, to say that.


People can't say, can't ask questions, can't say what they think, can't ask that there be some research on this or that. It was absolutely awful. And I, it was just like revenge of the home monitors. It was the, it was the fucking Debbie Downers the party Poopers the, You know, and one of the things, You know, the, the the social media video critiques that I'm doing, You know, I mean, I'm not doing that many anymore 'cause it's, You don't have as many, You know, people getting all crazy about it. But I will do it for subscribers for a Christmas presents for if they wanna Christmas present for, so they could like send me their moms or their sisters or whatevers, You know, I mean, it's a good Christmas brother, right?


And I'll do a critique for them anyway. That's just, that's amazing. But, but there's something about satire, Meghan, that's that, that was one of the comedy and satire was one of the first things that take a dive that they squashed. 'cause when you think about it, if you have satire and comedy in a society, you have balance because it serves, it's like an insect in an area in nature that keeps certain things at bay. And you eliminate that insect and you'll find, oh, here comes some vine that starts choking the trees. Oh, that was the main food source for that insect that you just got rid of. So satire and comedy are like that.


They ham in and there's other things too, of course. But those are two elements that will ham in a society and keep a balance. And you see, that was one of, those were two of the first things that they got out in order to make this the, this squashing down this hall monitor bullshit Work, the purification, Get rid of comedy. Yeah, I mean it really is puritanical. And I do agree. I think it's over. One final thing I'll say, we have to wrap, but you have done a very good job of keeping politics out of your family. Your brother's very famous too. Justin, Jason Bateman, by the way.


I saw Carry on this past weekend. It was excellent. Very good film. Okay. He plays a villain. It's number one on Netflix right now. But you're closing message to people who have not been as successful As you guys a, about just not making your love relationships about politics and or cultural bullshit. Well, I think if you're making your relationships with your loved ones and your friends about politics, you're really making it about you, period. You're wanting them to focus on you. You're wanting them, I call it intimacy through injury. If you have a fight with this person, they're going to be thinking about you.


They're going to want to call you and fix it or whatever. Because you're too afraid to just have a regular relationship with them where they, maybe they don't value you think they don't value you that much. So I think it's so good. It's not about the people that are doing that. It's not about politics. I think it's about they're trying to exact emotional terrorism and control on their friends and family and it's just trying to manipulate the relationship. And that's it. Very insightful. Gosh, you're so right. That can fly so many other, it's not even on the list Of, it's not even on the list of things. How someone votes is not even on the list of things that I would and would not, You know, wanna be around someone because of CI know.


Exactly. And it too often it's done, I think to people at least on my side of the aisle and not by people on my side of the aisle, but they can be guilty of it as well. Justine, it's such a pleasure to talk to you again. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Alright. And find out more about her film Festival Festival, which is free from AI at Credo 23 C-R-E-D-O 20 three.com. Tomorrow VDH Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Upgrading the nation's energy infrastructure to meet the challenges of tomorrow. That's smart. But at Leidos Smart isn't smart enough. Not when the industry lacks the engineers needed to do the job. That's why we're empowering engineers with Leidos trusted mission ai, allowing them to work at unprecedented speed and scale while reducing design labor by 70%. Because when the country's power supply depends on you, you've gotta make smart, smarter Leidos.


The US Open is coming to Pittsburgh next June at Oakmont's Country Club. Golf's biggest stars will compete at the 125th US Open and a variety of daily and weekly ticket packages are now available. Give the gift of golf this holiday season. No venue is hosted. More US opens than this iconic course. And the world's best players will be challenged at Oakmont. For a record 10th time in 2025, visit us open.com/tickets today to witness golf history.