
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Ugh, they're still on freaking signal gate everywhere, which is like, move on. It's not going away. The Democrats are so excited. They've got something juicy that makes the Trump administration look bad to talk about, and for some reason the Trump administration does keep talking about it, which I like. Just stop. There's, this is pointless. You have so many good things you can talk about that don't involve this egg on the face situation, but they all are.


So we will too, to some extent, way more delicious is what happened on the hill yesterday with NPR and PBS. My God, if you listen to the am update this morning, that's our new morning show with just the news headlines, which I think you'll like. My, my friend Donna, You know, she listens to the show every day. My, my closest friend from law school, she, she says, you're starting to get spicier. Your, your personality's starting to come through more. And the, You know, first off, we started out Walter Cronkite, like with our delivery. Now we're, we're getting a little looser. In any event, I think you'll like it. We talked about some of the sound bites. We played some of the sound bites, and oh my God, we have so many more. It was so fun. It's wonderful to see these left wing hacks get called out explicitly for their left wing hack is, and we'll do more of that here.


Plus it's March Madness, which means it's Hack Madness too. Speaking of hacks, it's Hack Madness. What do I mean? Well, what media hacks are performing well in their ruthless brackets? There's only one group of fellas that have the answer to that, and they are Josh Holmes, Michael Duncan, and John Ashbrook and Comfortably Smug the hosts of the Ruthless podcast or variety program.


Think of the last movie that made you think that changed you, nevermind, possibly inspired you. Angel Studios is bringing those kinds of films to the world, movies like Sound of Freedom, homestead, Bonhoeffer, and something to stand for. Movies that honor God, celebrate patriotism and lift our values. And right now, when you join the Angel Guild, you'll get two free tickets to see the King of Kings, a blockbuster animated film about the life of Jesus in theaters this Easter. This is a chance to experience a powerful film that's making waves and changing hearts with a 95% average audience score on Rotten Tomatoes. Angel Studios films are high quality, family friendly entertainment that teaches values like freedom, self-reliance, and unity to stream their films. And to help Angel bring more stories to the world, go to angel.com/megan and that'll help you become a premium Angel Guild member. As a member of the Angel Guild, you get to vote on the stories that matter most to you and your family. Become an Angel Guild member today by going to angel.com/megan. And when you become a premium member, you will get two free tickets to the King of Kings in theaters this Easter, only with Angel Studios.


Great to see you guys. Hey, great to see you, Megan. Thanks for having us. I like, I love, love, love the NPR story so much. And I hate, hate, hate the signal story, not because it makes the Trump administration look bad. I'm happy to talk about stuff that makes the Trump administration, I don't care. And it's like I, I'm obviously a Trump supporter. Still. The news is the news, but this one's just so pointless. No one's saying anything new. We're going back and forth arguing about whether it was war plans or attack plans and like, is Mike Waltz more culpable because he appears to have added Jeffrey Goldberg to the thread? Or is it Pete Hegseth who, You know, released? Was it classified information or is it not classified?


Because as defense secretary, it, he's declassifying it by share. Like, I don't care. The Houthis are dead, which we really have like the average person like dead Houthis cool. And probably should take it off signal for the let for the next one and get rid of the nasty reporter. Like, I don't You think that's how most normal people are reacting to this? A hundred percent. No question about it. I mean, we did our entire show basically on this today. And look, the upshot of this thing is that every administration makes some kind of mistake. The previous administration, their mistake costs 13 Marines. Their lives. This administration added a reporter to a text chain. Yeah.


And then, and then happened to run a flawless mis mission against the Houthis, which was a 17 month in the making problem where they had 175 separate attacks on US Navy personnel. While the Biden administration did absolutely nothing. Donald Trump's in office all of eight weeks, boom, taken care of Suez Canal, reopened an Iran funded terror operation. Destroyed, okay. You know, like in the matter of scandal, where does this, where does this rank? I mean that for me, overwhelming success. Now granted, they shouldn't have any, any sort of external communication with the heads of the national security apparatus that includes a reporter.


They know that they acknowledge as much literally the day afterwards. Yeah. They clearly did not mean it. Yeah. They did not include him. Right. And, and, and the president in, In fact, took it straight on. He said, here's the way that I would prefer we handle this. And he talked about the lead ceilings and lead walls basically describing the situation room. And it, that should make perfectly clear to anybody going forward, the way the president sees this, it was a screw up. He's standing by his people because oh, by the way, they executed a perfect mission, which was the whole point of this. And by the way, an afterthought in the media. Yeah. But, but ultimately, yeah. I mean, that's why you stand by your national security folks. Clearly a screw up, but we'll do things differently and move on.


The story's done as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, right. I don't, it's like they, they want a scalp. And You know, yesterday, with all due respect to Dave Portnoy, they actually raised Dave Portnoy's name at the White House Press briefing. Yeah. Some reporter was like, well, Dave Portnoy, even Dave Portnoy was laughing about the fact that they, they took his commentary and elevated it to the presidential level. Like, well, what do you have? I mean, Dave Portnoy's calling for someone to get fired, he wants Mike Wallace to be fired. What do you like, what, what are we doing? I with, if Dave Portnoy tells me not to go to a certain place for pizza, I'm very interested if he has something interesting to say about sports, about which I know nothing, I'm interested, his social commentary is fun, but whether someone needs to get fired over Signal Gate, I'm out.


And I certainly would never be so dumb as to raise that with the White House, which I think Portnoy agrees with me on. Yeah. I mean, I think that pretty much gives away the whole game of, of what is exactly happening right now with our media. You've got the establishment media that's in that White House briefing room, and they're concerned with Dave Portnoy's thoughts on what happened here. Only because it runs against Trump. Don't care about that. Is, is they don't care about That's right. Actual news. They don't care about what Americans got from that story, which is Oh wow, terrorists got blown up. Terrific. They're trying to make this like some process gossipy, juicy story when there's nothing there to discuss. They're like, well, Dave Portnoy said this.


It's like, maybe you're a little bit way too online here. Like Yeah, you're using your time in the White House press briefing room to talk about Dave Portnoy's thoughts. I know. And Portnoy is a heck of a, a showman. He is, he's a heck of a showman. But he's no showman compared to Donald Trump. And that's my recommendation in the Trump administration is like, change the conversation. Yep. You just, you just arrested one of these top gang leaders of MS 13 in Virginia. I don know, bring them into the briefing room. You know, we can dissect all of his tattoos. We can ask Robert Costa, do you think this guy is a, is a gang member of MS 13? He has an MS 13. What Is Dave porn? I Think calligraphy on his chest, You know, Day four going, is this or is this not MS 13? Yeah, they're trying, but that won't do it because that's good news for the Trump administration and the left wing media that's driving this story won't go along with it.


But what's been remarkable to me, 'cause if you, if you, if you search like all the news sites and, and obviously that's my job, they're all still on it. Everyone, I mean all everything online, all the print papers completely on Signal Gate and so are all of the more establishment Republican media outlets, right? Like the Wall Street journals all over it. National reviews got like four pieces up on how somebody needs to get fired and how terrible this is. I mean, they, they, I love National Review, but they're really turning into never Trumpers. Like, they're starting to read much more like the dispatch and they should watch it. I I love those guys, but they, they need to reign that in a bit because it's all Trump bashing.


So, but my takeaway is the people who wanted, and it's in particular about Hegseth hegseth to have nothing to do with the Pentagon, and were totally against his elevation to that post, are the loudest critics in this scandal. They think there's blood in the water. They're trying to change the conversation from Mike Wa to Pete Hegseth, even though, and I don't think either one should be fired, but even though it was Mike Waltz who added this Jeffrey Goldberg to the Atlanta, like Pete Hegseth didn't do that. Pete Hegseth trusted the, the National Security Advisor that this was an appropriate place to have this conversation. And that he who had created the group walls had screened everyone appropriately.


That's, that was Pete sin. Right. And then had a frank conversation about the plans, as was obviously requested by Mike Walls and the others who were on there, including the vice president. But I really think it's all these people who hated Pete, who will not let this die because they think they can get a scalp. And I am here to tell you, it's not getable. He's not getting fired. You're gonna have to cry harder. Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah. No, I think that's exactly right. And you look back at what did Joe Biden do when it comes to the Houthis terrorist? He took 'em off the terrorist list. What did Pete Hegseth do? He killed them. And so this is exactly what, what people voted for. They wanted action out of this president. What Trump told people he was gonna do, he came in and he started acting.


And I mean, we talk about the mainstream media and you're saying that they don't want the conversation to go away. Well, the one guy who's going away is this top leader at MS 13, another action that the president has taken. We talked about it a second ago. But like, this guy is acting every single day in a way that voters wanted. And that's why his approval rating and the right track number that everybody follows is so high. I don't know if you saw this poll from Mars just this week. It showed that the right track number is higher than it's been in 20 years. And Democrats are scan are scrambling. And when you say Democrats, you have to include the mainstream media in that group of people.


They're also scrambling trying to figure out what they can do to get out from under Trump's popularity and just incredible start in these first two months. I think it's, I think it's also worth a little trip down memory memory lane when we're talking about the press here. And they're, you're right. They're trying to get a scalp, whether it's Pete or Waltz or whatever, they ask incessantly about whether or not one of 'em are gonna get fired. How many of, of those same journalists talked about Afghanistan withdrawal in that same way, who was gonna get fired? Right. Of course, nobody got fired. Right. And, and they, And it cost their team Marines, their lives. But also this story was sort of a process, story about, well, Trump wanted to get out of Afghanistan too. Everybody wanted to do this thing.


And I'll move on. And you look at some of the Democrats like Chuck Schumer, we had highlighted on our show, he had exactly one thing on all of X over the last five years that contained the word Afghanistan, where there was no call for an investigation. There was no discussion about what went wrong. He condemned terror. Right now he's saying that e every single American's life is at risk because of an operation that happened 10 days ago, which was a resounding success like this, doesn't it strains credibility. Yeah. Yep. A hundred percent. And so now you've got Jeffrey Goldberg moving into Saint Lee status for of the Atlantic, this complete left wing hack who has never seen Republican catnip that he hasn't sniffed and rolled around in and pedaled to his viewers as real, right from Russiagate to the, the fawning piece he did on Mark Millie for like holding the line against this dictatorial Trump, the guy who was gonna tell the Chinese if we were gonna unleash an attack on them.


Which by the way, no one was even planning, only Mark Millie's head was Trump going to go attack the, the Chinese. We didn't attack the Chinese. Trump didn't give the order to go attack the Chinese. But Mark Millie decided to take it upon himself to, in a treasonous communication, tell his counterpart in China, if we are gonna drop any bombs on you, I will give you the heads up. That's crazy. Which is totally, I mean, insubordinate is another understatement, but he's a patriot in the eyes of the Atlantic. Okay. So Jeffrey Goldberg goes out there like, I'm the dignified one here. Okay. They added me. 'cause I'm important. Obviously I'm in everybody's phone, not mine. Mike Waltz is even saying not in his. Now I have to say in to be honest, that sounds like bullshit to me.


He does. I mean, I don't know how he'd get added from Mike Wallace's phone if he weren't in there. Walls in a very awkward exchange with Laura Ingram seemed to be trying to say, it'd be like if I texted you something Holmes and said, Hey, You know, great having you on the show today, Doug, my husband wanted to send you something and like I cc Doug on the communication. You know how like I added him in? Yeah. So you didn't have Doug in the communi in, in your contacts. But like sometimes your phone would recognize, oh, this is Doug. Right? Like it might say in at a future point, if you're searching for a Doug, it might pull that up.


'cause there is some AI on your phone that does that for you. He seemed to be suggesting Goldberg was part of a different conversation he had with somebody. And that somehow, I have no idea. Okay. Yeah. Back to my main point, all these thoughts. So Goldberg goes out there and he is like, I didn't, I didn't wanna do any of it. I'm so sad that they're making me do this, But I feel, You know, an obligation to tell you how insecure unsecure these comms are. And that I had war plans and he went all over the news media on Tuesday saying, I'm not, I'm not gonna release the stuff they texted about the war plans because it's too incendiary. It's really, it's gonna compromise our military.


So that I won't do, and here's a little bit of how he sounded on Tuesday. Watch shot two. The last thing I want is to see American lives endangered in any way. Let me, which is why you didn't include it. And Jeffrey, you rightly didn't publish, of course the details of everything you saw in that exchange. So I don't expect you to repeat them here. Yeah. And I don't wanna go into details 'cause I don't think it's responsible to, oh, it's not responsible operational issues. And as much as I enjoy national security investigative reporting, I don't, I don't need strike plans two hours before a launch. That's not, that should not be coming into my phone. I mean, I take this stuff very, very seriously. And The White House press Secretary, do you, I've said you're lying.


I've said there are no war plans there. I've said there's no classified information. I I said the obvious question is, sh shouldn't you now demonstrate it? Shouldn't you publish the text? No, because they're wrong. I have a pretty, I have a pretty clear standards in my own behavior of what I consider what amazing information that I consider to be in the public interest, even if it's technically classified or not. I'm, I'm sticking to my principles here, Sticking to his principles. Okay. Yeah. So just for the record, this is, that was him and the messaging up and down television on Tuesday for whatever it's worth. This, this is what I said on Tuesday for you, by the way, way, I think we're T minus like 72 hours before Jeffrey Goldberg releases it anyway, with maybe a couple of things redacted.


But I I don't think he's gonna stay in this like I I'm above it all and I won't release it. He, he just, I don't think he can help himself. And I was a hundred percent right except for the redact 20 hours later. Yeah, you were Exactly. Except Reacting. Exactly. So he releases it all virtually like 99.99% has been released. I think he withheld the one name of the one guy, but the whole, all the, it wouldn't be responsible. I take this stuff very, very seriously. No, I shouldn't publish it. It'd be wrong. I have clear standards out the window. Not, not a single redaction. No. Read it all. Please click on the Atlantic. It's, it's the kind of turn that would make Nancy Kerrigan wish she could do it. I mean, it was a full double Axle, triple toe loop.


The guy in 24 hours was so esteemed and he's never gonna do it because of principle. And then he is like, You know what, Yeah, here it is. Let's get some more publicity. Also special hats off to your researchers Megan, who had to sift through Tim Miller and M-S-I-B-C and all of that. I mean, that's enough to give somebody brain damage. There should be some kind of a comp comp reward for something Like that hazard pay. It was just, it's unbelievable. So this guy has been turned into some sort of a hero and pick your poison. I mean, if you are pro Europe, you're blaming this all on JD Vance, like he said, terrible things about our best friends, about how they needed to take care of this.


If you are anti Pete Hegseth, you're saying he needs to get fired. A lot of the sort of pro more neo Connie guys much preferred Tim Walls. I mean, sorry, not Tim Walls, Mike Walls. So there's like different constituencies coming out and Mike, Mike Walls with Laura Ingram claimed he will get to the bottom of it, which I believe we will. And he said he's brought in a special helper to do that. Take a listen here. So three, It's embarrassing. Yes. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. We've have, I I just talked to Elon on the way here. We've got the best technical minds looking at how this happened. But I can tell you, I can tell you for 100%, I don't know this guy.


I know him by his horrible reputation and he really is a bottom scum of journalists. And I know him in the sense that he hates the president, But I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. And we're gonna figure out how this happens. So you Okay? I don't, I mean, I I guess it's good to have Elon and his tech bros right. Weigh in, but like, they need to stop going on shows and talking about it. Do they? Totally. Am I wrong? Yeah, Just stop it. So it's, I don't know, like Elon flies rockets to Mars. He might be a little overqualified for this job, But I love how Elon is now like generic it guy for the entire government. Like his shirt Says, it's like the way you, you guys treat me around here.


Like the internet goes out and you're like, Duncan, the the router. Did you, did you plug it in? Oh, he should. That guy did you, did you take the plug out? That's it. That's like when, when I married Doug, he was running an internet security software firm. Like they would protect against hackers, that kind of thing. And my mom would call up and be like, my browser disappeared. Where's my browser Doc's? Like, You know, my email's running slow, Elon, I'm getting, everything's going to junk. Okay. But here, here is the most offensive, absurd take of all someone I've never heard of.


You guys are in the biz, so you might have Democrat representative of Texas. What's going on with Texas? We got Jasmine Crockett and we got this loser, Jimmy Gomez, who had this take on it at a hearing with the CIA director and others. But this exchange is with CIA director John Ratcliffe. Cliff, To your knowledge, do You know whether Pete HEA had been drinking before he leak classified information? You're an idiot. I don't have any knowledge of Secretary Seth's personal habits Director. Radcliffe, same question. Yes or no? You know? No, I'm gonna answer that. I I think that's an offensive line of questioning. The answer is no.


I I find it interesting that you wanna No, I'm gonna answer my, you asked me question. You want me answer? No, listen, it's, you don't wanna focus on the good work that the CIA is doing, that the intelligence community director Wanna talk about. You wanna save my time. I have huge respect for the CIA huge respect for men and women in uniform. But this was a question that's on the top of minds of every American. He stood in front of a podium in Europe holding a drink. So of course we wanna know if his performance is compromised. I think Was his performance compromised because of a successful strike? I Back Mr. I bring my, Do you wanna know?


Lemme claim my time. You wanna talk about accepting responsibility My time? Do you think you Should claim my Time responsibility for a successful strike to make Americans safer? You wanna focus on, By the way, apologies to Texas. He's of course actually from California. Can you believe the nerve of this guy? No, I I I can I The Democrats are in such bad shape as Brooke mentioned it earlier, but their right now, favorability rating is the worst it's been in over a generation. President Trump's favorability rating is the highest it has ever been. It's higher than it was on election day. The Democrats are trying to manufacture anything.


This is beyond grasping its straws. They're, they see that they are falling into a pit and they're trying to grab anything they can, anything that they think will let them get some kind of traction. Because since election day, they've been just getting steamrolled nonstop. Americans could not be more thrilled seeing criminals, illegals getting deported out of this country. The media doesn't watch about egg prices. Egg prices have halved in the past month. Yeah. The story that they were trying to push that, oh my God, Biden killed all these chickens and now Trump's caused the egg prices to go up. Everything that they've tried to get Trump on has failed. Yeah. This is gonna go down in the same line. They're gonna try to make a story outta this. And I completely agree with you. The Trump administration should ignore this. Talk about the Ms 13 guy you just arrested today and move on.


Keep putting up doubles for the American people. The this guy Jimmy Gomez, according to a radio host, a radio host in South Carolina, Brett Winter Bowl Oh yeah. Was before he entered electoral politics, a labor organizer, he was organizing labor. Yeah. At the time, Pete Hegseth had a backpack on and a gun sl slung around his shoulder and was killing bad guys for us in Iraq and Afghanistan and down at Gitmo, dealing with the worst of the worst. So that's how Pete spent his formative adult years while Jimmy was a mini Barack Obama trying to organize in his case labor.


But he wants to besmirch Pete as a drunk because he says we saw him with a drink in his hand. What an absolute fucker that he, that is based on Pete standing up in front of a room full of people at a public event in which he was addressing. I can't remember what the, what was the event you guys in like a, a whole group Of this? Was this the NATO summit? Yes. Yeah, It was in Belgium. It might have been that. I can't, anyway, look, he's saying this is him drinking booze. This idiot Matt Iglesia said, I assume this is the trick of the light. And he is not actually throwing back bourbon on camera, but it's interesting that the water looks brown.


Oh. Mean, meanwhile it would've taken him 10 seconds to Google video from the event where it makes very clear the water was clear like all water is, and that it was just a, a lighting trick, but like now it winds up in a congressional hearing. Yeah. As like he's been, he's been, this is so disgusting how they use this stuff to absolutely smear honest, hardworking men. But it's also a perfect vignette into the larger problem that Democrats have when Smug was talking about their approval rating and what it is that they're talking about. This knee jerk opposition to hugely popular things that President Trump is doing. Think about Jimmy's information flow, right?


Think about the, the information that comes to him on a day-to-day basis to one, conclude that that was In fact bourbon and two, that it's on the top of minds of everyone he's talking to. Think about the information that has to go into that man's head in order to conclude those two things in a congressional hearing and not feel entirely humiliated by the question in the first place. You know? And these people are, they're wrecked. Their brain is just broken. It, it's real, it's so deeply offensive that you would get up there and, and actually suggest, and only in Congress can he get away with this because you've got a liability shield from defamation to actually basically call him a drunk, say like, I was he drunk when he was tweeting the shit.


And, but if not for nothing, there's zero about the actual text that's suggest in any way shame shape, shape or form that anyone was impaired while having this discussion. It's absolutely defamatory, but they get away with it. To pick up on the pro the point you just made, smug, everyone's favorite pollster, or at least poll analyst, Harry Enton was over on CNN doing a bit on what you just said on Trump's approval. And here's a bit of it Isn't that favorable rating right now comes in at minus four points. Compare that to where he was when he won in November of 2024, when he was at minus seven points or March of 2017 when he was at minus 10 points. So when you compare Trump against himself, he's actually closer to the apex than he is to the bottom of the trough.


And of course that's so important because Donald Trump historically speaking, has had his numbers underestimated. So let's take a look at the percentage of the country who say that we're on the right track. It's actually a very high percentage when you compare it to some historical numbers. What are we talking about? According to Marris, 45% say that we're on the right track. That's the second highest that Marris has measured since 2009. How about NBC news? 44%. That's the highest since 2004. Wow. The bottom line is the percentage of Americans who say we're on the right track is through the roof. Yeah. His body movements are so great. They make the hits, don't they? Like they, he's like, Yeah, they absolute through the roof. He, He's like, it's so high, it's down low And it segment it's out the window.


Like he's very entertaining to watch. Yeah. No, a little Theater goes a long way, particularly on CNN. It makes the rest of this stuff go down a little easier. Well, it really Does. And and he did that on a morning show on CNN. And so what I like to think about is what your typical CNN viewer did for the rest of the day after learning that information. Speaking of Bour, they did not start off on the right foot when they found out that Donald Trump, the guy they hate so much, is actually very, very popular. Yeah. They're not feeling about Harry the way the rest of us are. He's from the Bronx, which is another thing. I love the New York City accent. I love it. But Brooklyn Bronx, it always, it is, it's utterly charming to me. Okay. Enough of that signal gate will go away.


No one will be fired and will be fine. However. Yeah, that's fine. I don't know if nbr r is gonna be okay. I think NBR is about to lose its taxpayer funding. Oh no. Based on what I saw yesterday. Right. I think it's going to, based on what Trump tweeted and what we saw yesterday, it was so great to watch the, this woman Catherine Maher, have you like the speaking of smug. Smug, right. She was so smug. She was like oozing contempt and like superiority and trying to be like, thank you so much for raising a thank you. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to respond to that.


Now let me lie for two minutes about how it never happened. I appreciate you giving me the chance to lie about how I never did the controversial thing. I'm very grateful to you for bringing up. And then these congressmen just kept hitting her with, oh, you never did it. Oh, well here, here's you saying you did it. And the best. I mean, there's so many good ones to choose from, But we might as well just kick it off with my new favorite congressman. He is from Texas. He's Brandon Gill. He's married to Dinesh Desouza's daughter. I didn't know any of this. He is a cold stone or stone cold assassin in that congressional seats. Watch him. Do you believe that America is addicted to white supremacy?


I believe that I tweeted that and I, as I've said earlier, I believe much of my thinking has evolved over the last half decade. Do you believe that America believes in black plunder and white democracy? I don't believe that, sir. You Know, you tweeted that in reference to a book you were reading at at the time, apparently the case for reparations. I don't think I've ever read that book, sir. You tweeted about it. You said you took a day off to fully read the case for rep reparations. You put that on Twitter in January of 2020. I apologies. I don't recall that I did. Okay. No, I no doubt that your, your tweet there is correct, But I don't recall that. Okay. Do you believe that white people in inherently feel superior to other races?


I do not. You don't. You, you tweeted something to that effect. You said, I I grew up feeling superior. Ha. How wide of me. Why did you tweet that? I think I was probably reflecting on what it was to be, to grow up in an environment where I had lots of advantages. It, It sounds like you're saying that white people feel superior. I I don't believe that anybody feels that way, sir. I was just reflecting on my own experiences. Do you think that white people should pay reparations? I I have never said that, sir. Yes, you did. You said it in January of 2020, you tweeted Yes. The north Yes. All of us. Yes. America. Yes. Our original collective sin and unpaid debt. Yes. Reparations. Yes. On this day, I don't believe that was a reference to fiscal reparations.


Sir, what Kind of reparations was it a reference to? I think it was just a reference to the idea that we all owe much to the people who came before us. Oh My God. I I love him so much. I need to know him. He's got to come on this show. I, I have to tell him how much I deeply admire him. He's an absolute rockstar. So he was elected class president for the incoming freshman and, and for good reason, it's because of that he showed up and he wanted to be the tip of the spear. He doesn't take any garbage. I mean, every time you see the left, try to come up with some dirty trick to go off to President Trump to go after Republicans or like this, try to rob taxpayers like NPR has been doing, pushing their fake hoaxes. He holds them accountable. That's what you want from a member of Congress.


He's off to a phenomenal start. And, and you love to see it. You wanna see this is the people that we are sending to Congress. What I love most About it smug is you can tell he's enjoying it. Yes. Oh, It's big smiles. He's getting a crack in the smile as he going back. He's like, oh, I got a receipt for that one too. Oh, that's the best. But the cadence of it is fantastic. He's like, oh, but do you have, there's a, there's a tweet about it. Yes, you did Good. I so good. Yep. Yes, you did. His, his lack of emotionality is what made it so good. Totally. He was just like, you did, you said that. Yep. Yep. You did tweet that. Here's the exact tweet you did. You said you read that book. You said you took the whole day off and spent the day reading that book.


And here's the thing that's so great about it is, You know, so which, which is the lie, were you lying when you said that you read these woke annoying books time and time again to try to pander to left wingers who you think are your fans. Was that a lie or are you lying today under oath when you're looking at me saying you never read these books? Because like, not only did you take the time to lie to all these people if you didn't read these books, but like, you actually tweeted it in front of, I don't know how many followers, followers she has probably hundreds of thousands. So like the virtue signaling that she felt was important to do, to be like, I'm a leftist just like all of you and I'm reading all your favorite insane books.


Like, which is worse if those were lies and she was just pandering, or if she really did that shit and then just lied under oath to Congress. Yeah. I think it's pretty clear that she lied under oath to Congress. I mean, look at the organization that she's running. Mm. I mean, this is not somebody who's faking leftism. You had a deep commitment to it over a period of time that like, I don't know if you just flip on the radio, turn on. I mean, that's what it is, folks. That's what it is. There's no secrets there. Remember the Ted Talks? Do we think She read the case for reparations? I don't think she read the case for reparations. Go ahead, Ashbrook. I Remember the Ted talk she gave where she was trying to explain why truth doesn't matter, why leftist ideals are more important than truth.


Oh God. Yeah. That like objectivity gets in the way how Annoying white men are. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I I what I loved most about that exchange is like we all had this buddy in college who would black out so much and then the next, the next day you'd have to walk him through his evening and he'd be like, oh no, that doesn't sound like me at all. I'd never do that. The end of it is like, all right, who do I need to apologize? Thank God that guy was never subjected to my new favorite representative. Killed him. Although it probably went down exactly like that with his buddies. Yeah. And it was like, well, you, yes he did. He was a picture of it.


He you tweeted about it, didn't he was I didn't know you were standing on the bar. Yeah, you did. Here's more, first of all, I'll go back to the congressional hearing, But I will give you a little bit for old time sake of Katherine Mars Ted talk that you referenced in 2022. This is before she came the head of became the, the head of NPR. This is the stuff that got her the job. Watch That perhaps for our most tricky disagreements, seeking the truth and seeking to convince others of the truth might not be the right place to start. In fact, our reverence for the truth might be a distraction that's getting in the way of finding common ground and getting things done is because the truth of the matter is very often for many people, what happens when we merge facts about the world with our beliefs about the world.


So we all have different truths. What the Yeah. Yikes. Yeah. This it, this is not Extemporaneous. She practiced that beach 37,000 times in front of the mirror so she could Deliver it with that cadence and the, In fact, folks with that hush tone, this, it's like the worst HR person in in corporate America showed up in your office and they're telling you why you have to shut your computer down. Right? I mean, she's like in mind. Yes. And making you go through, through all the, yeah. Seminars. Go ahead, smug. She, She, she's the embodiment of the whole problem. The left has now found itself in, they've been completely siloed off from the majority of people the way she talks.


She's doing a TED talk with such self-importance and, and explain to people, here's the thing, there's lots of truths. You know, the, i i I run NPR. It's not important for me to give objective facts. So we're talking about we need to get the across the message that we want people to believe national no public radio. I'm not, I'm not surprised at all that she has no memory of tweeting any of those things because people like this life is theater for these people. Oh yeah. And they're just acting. Right? Yeah. And so, yeah, when you're an actress, sometimes you forget your lines. Here's, Here's some more from Catherine Mayer over the years, again, this is just over the past few years, again, before she was made CEO. But I would suggest to you this is why they made her CEO in January of 2024 sh okay.


On looting. I mean, sure a looting is counterproductive, but it's hard to be mad about protests not prioritizing the private property of a system of oppression. My God founded on treating people's ancestors as private property on whiteness. I know that hysteric white woman voice. I was taught to do it. I've done it. It's a disturbing recognition. While I don't recall ever using it to deliberately expose another person to immediate physical harm on my own cognizance, it's not impossible. That is whiteness. She's got a rant about too many white men in business class and in the lounge.


She's annoyed with seeing all the white people like herself and the guys, especially with the penises, she gets upset. I mean, there, there's, you name it, there's a tweet for it. Catherine Mar absolutely hates white people, but reality, realistically, she doesn't. I think she's just faking, she's been faking for a long time. Like all these other Upper West Side women who are the wokes they, that you can be and who are being reflected in these polls as the only thing still propping up the Democratic party. Yeah. Right. It's these woke white women like Katherine Maher. Meanwhile, black people are like, would you stop that shit for the love of God? I I have a fantastic idea for her, You know, since she's so concerned about reparations and everything.


And BLM, You know, we're tearing up BLM Plaza here in Washington DC 16th, 16th Street is going to be restored to its former glory. But NPR has some fantastic real estate here in our nation's capital. A beautiful building in the heart of the city. I think we take off the words NPR and we put BLM. Yeah. And then, and we can just, just have everybody go there too. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't, You know, we can just make it like basically housing. Yeah. Right. For everybody. Yeah. That'd be a great that be service to the community. Maybe I should be interested in that. I was sort of with her though. You know, when you were talking Megan, you were talking about, You know, the people that she cloisters herself around and, You know, the white woman, the, the wine mom essentially. She, she was like, oh, I know that voice.


I was kind of with her on that. You know, I mean like, yeah. Yeah. Okay, Karen. That's, that's pretty much it. That's that's exactly what annoys all of us. Yeah. But I mean, it's like, I've been that voice. Okay. What, what do you mean? Like what specifically did you do? I wanna know exactly. Get into more that that would've been a good follow up. Like what exactly You said you did this, could you walk us through how and when you used the white woman voice and said all the things that you were taught, who taught you that it's a disturbing recognition and, and you're suggesting you did use it to deliberately expose another person to immediate physical harm. It. You might've done that. Who, who got hurt? Why'd you do that? That is fucking racist.


That's actually, actually really upsetting. Well, if she was kicking, you should not be the head of NPR r or any other news organization. Well, I remem I remember one time she used that voice and said, you're fired to a guy named Uri Berlin who had the temerity to say damn. And maybe at NPR we should have another Republican or two, maybe it shouldn't be 1000 libs and Democrats. Deep Republican Deep track. That It, that's all. Well, here's a little bit more. Let's go to Representative Tim Burett. This was one of the best SAT eight. Why did you call President Trump a fascist and a deranged racist sociopath in 2020? Oh, Congressman, I appreciate the opportunity to address this. I regret those tweets. I would not tweet them again today.


I they represented a time where I was reflecting on something that I believe that the President had said rather than who he is. I don't presume that anyone is a racist. Would You don't believe anyone is a racist. I don't start by presuming anyone is a racist, sir, But thank you so much for asking me. 'cause I, I I love that. Why, why did you, why did you call him a racist fascist sociopath? I, I regret that. That's, I I regret bullshit. She doesn't regret that at all. She totally stands by every word of that. Thank you so much for the opportunity to address all of these past comments. I can't thank you enough. I think the most important thing for everyone to take away from all this is you're paying her.


Yeah. Your money is going to her against your will. And that has to stop. It has to stop immediately. The i this hearing was so important because everyone should have to see, this is what Doge is doing. They're getting vilified, they're getting attacked, terrorized across the country because they're bringing garbage like this to light. There's no reason hardworking people who go to work day in, day out are paying that woman's salary. That's completely unfair. It's wrong. Yeah. It's supposed to be public information. It's, it's there to try to get people educated on what's going on in their government and their communities and everything else. In reality, what it is, is a, a poison. Yeah. It's going into communities.


When you have viewpoints like this, it's not a surprise that the derivation of that is like DEI that goes run above. Yep. All the education system problems that we've seen pop up over the last few years. I mean, what they're doing is quite literally tearing communities apart. A hundred percent. Well, so here's the thing. So maybe, so she later tried to claim, oh, there's a strong firewall between me and the news division. You know, I, I don't run editorial. I'm the head of NPR r trust me, But I as the ceo. But, but even so, like it, whatever, the whole organization is full of rot. It's up and down to, to the studs. It's full of rot and hatred for Republicans and an aversion to the truth if that truth reflects negatively on Democrats or positively on Republicans.


And that's where the real problem is with NPR. It's not so much, I mean, she's fun to make fun of, but the real problem is that this really is media matters with a different Yeah. Moniker. That's how far left they are. And, and getting to like how biased they are in their coverage, which again we're paying for is really getting to the heart of the matter. That's what Jim Jordan tried to do in the following exchange. Thought 12. He wrote on the Trump Russia story, he wrote at NPR, we hitched our wagon to Trump's most visible antagonist representative Adam Schiff. And he said they interviewed him 25 times. Is that accurate? I was not there at the time, but those numbers sound accurate.


Yes. Those, those sound accurate. But then he said when the Mueller report came out, he said, Russiagate faded from our programming. Is that accurate? Again, I was not there at the time. I'm not, I couldn't say, You couldn't say I was not at NP at the time. You didn't prepare for that. You knew we were gonna ask you about this guy, didn't you? It's come up like 6,000 times already in the hearing. I just couldn't say whether it faded from our coverage. Sir, How about this story? October, 2020, New York Post had the Hunter Biden laptop story and one of those editors, I guess one of those 87 Democrat editors said this, we don't wanna waste our time on stories that are not really stories. We don't wanna waste the listeners and reader's times on stories that are just pure distractions.


Was that a pure distraction story? Our current editorial leadership believes that that was a mistake. As do I. Yeah. The whole country knows that was a mistake. Right? Mr. Berliner said we became fervent members of the team, natural origin even declaring that the lab leak was debunked by scientists. Is there a question there? There is. You guys were oh, for three on, on the three, the three of the biggest stories in the last five years, you guys were oh, for three. And yet you maintain that NPR is not biased. Congressman, I do not believe we are politically biased. No. We are a nonpartisan organization non Oh my God. Russiagate La Hunter, laptop and Covid. I mean, he exposed her and he is exactly right.


The mistakes only go in one direction. Yeah. Well, I I'm also, also reminded that none of this would be happening if not for a two seat majority in the House of Representatives. None of those questions would be asked in the first place swim. She would have no regrets about any of that at all. I mean, it's one of the things that we tell our, our listeners, and I know you tell your viewers and listeners as well, is you can't sort of relax and, and hope that everything's gonna work out all right because, but for two seats in the house of representatives across this country, none of those questions would even be asked. Much less contemplated by a woman who's clearly got an agenda to run national public airwaves as she sees fit and as she sees fit is off the left hand side of the map.


So true. I mean, they, they did a great job yesterday of exposing just how left they are. And they referenced back to that Uri Berliner piece in the free press. He's a, he won a Peabody, he was there for 25 years. Very respected journalist who comes out to say, we've lost our way. I mean, we are just, we're hard left now. We don't care about truth. What we care about is protecting Dems and, and promoting them. And this came up because somebody was asking her, I think it was Jordan again. Yeah. About what Uri posited in that piece, which was of the editors in the DC area alone. That's, that's just the only one I checked. We found 87 Dems and zero Republicans, and she actually had the nerve to try to say that that was concerning to her.


I think this is that. Let's just watch a little bit of it. So 11 Is NPR biased Congressman. I have never seen any instance of never of po political bias determining editorial decisions. No. Well, Ms. Bur, Mr. Berliner, in his story, a coup last year wrote, I've in the DC area, editorial positions at NPR, he said he found 87 registered Democrats, zero Republicans. Is that accurate? We do not track the numbers or the voter registration, But I find that was award, Award-winning journalists who worked 25 years at NPR, Mr.


Berliner. Was he lying when he wrote that? I am not presuming such, I just don't have, we don't track that information about our Journalist 87 to zero and you're not biased. I think that is concerning. If those numbers are accurate, Then do something about it. Bingo. It's more dishonesty. She she doesn't, she doesn't find that concerning. Right. It's been a year since Berlin's piece and if she cared at all, they already would've been hired. They hired some six person editorial board to like shore up their editorial over there. Not one of whom is a Republican. Right. Like there, there is no way forward in cutting out the, the majority of the country now.


The majority is right-leaning and voted for Trump out of the conversation entirely. And if you wanna be that left wing rag right on sister, you do you, that's why we have M-S-N-B-C and a lot of other organizations, But we don't have to pay for it. Bingo. Right, right. That's totally right. I mean, Johnny, you bring this up all the time, but they've had ample opportunity to rectify what was exposed by Berliner. Right. And, and, and we all know what happened. She pretends like she, she do you heard what she said? She says, I was not there at the time that this was taking place, but when she started, the first thing she did right after she got her login and her password was to get rid of Uri Berlin because he had the temerity to say that maybe we shouldn't be so biased at this place.


And so she's, she, her dishonesty is multi-level in this whole interaction. And I really hope so many people saw this because they can see NPR for what it is and finally we can not have to pay for it. It is wild that you could be the CEO ostensibly the CEO of a company or organization and have little to no idea of what goes on there. Right. Truly. And you admit that in a public hearing. It's like she doesn't know anything about the BLM tweets. She doesn't know anything that's happening in NPR. The only thing she's a hundred percent sure of is that she's tweeted that Donald Trump is racist. Right. And she's very glad that you brought that up. Very glad. Very glad. So she could tell you it, it isn't true. I, I don't know why I said that. I was, that was crazy talk.


The funny thing is, there was a report, I think it was Politico after the hearing yesterday saying that no, it was New York Times. Benjamin Mullen, who reported that supporters of public media were breathing a sigh of relief at the end of the hearing. One long time public media executive texted me to say that neither chief executive 'cause PBSs was also there, had made a major error yet. I mean, they don't get it you guys. No. They're, they're living in a bubble with viewers like you and the members of the Paul r and John d MacArthur Foundation that are right alongside the rest of us as we contribute gunpoint. They nailed every April. They're like, Catherine, it was stellar Right on point.


That part where you said you didn't actually read the books, loved that part. Right. Didn't Lay a glove on you. Check the sponsor, wait until you see your, your funding go away. I mean, probably, to be honest, the most important question there was that question we played, we played of the guy being like, why'd you call Donald Trump a fascist racist sociopath? I meant it lovingly. That was probably the most imp important one. 'cause Trump already tweeting out we need to defund these, these guys. They've got them. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's no point in US funding PBS and they all the Dems had was but Elmo, but Elmo. Meanwhile, Sesame Street was sold to HBO in 2018.


Right, right. El Elmo is gonna be just fine. He's in the private sector now. He's doing great. Alright, we're gonna take a quick break. We'll be, be right back. The fellows are with me for the full show and there's a lot more to get to.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option. April 15th could mark another tax year that has passed you by. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now. But listen, never contact the IRS alone. Instead, you could let the experts at tax network USA handle it for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free. Don't let the IRS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan. April 15th, just around the corner. Act now before the IRS acts first.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland, it maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged, domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


There's Been a lot of this in the news lately, and so I dec I decided to save this segment for you, and I know we're gonna get to Hack Madness, your own special version of March Madness in a minute. But to put us in the mood, this is the appetizer to Hack Madness. I have my own little game for you, and this is more in, in the field of the Academy Awards. And I really would love for you guys to weigh in on who you think, who you think is In fact, the best actress in America today, outside of Hollywood. Okay? And I have got a couple of contenders for you. All right. I've, I've narrowed it down to four and I'm gonna show you how these people normally sound and then how they sound when they get in front of certain audiences and certain cameras.


I think I, I know what this is and you're gonna tell me you See what's happening here? Who, who, who wore it best? Who, who fooled you? Who's really like, who's phoning it in and who's really going method? Okay. In fourth place, not necessarily fourth place, this is just, I'm gonna start with as the fourth possibility, But I've got four total and you'll, you'll decide what order they go in. I'm gonna kick it off with a OC, okay. Her real name is Sandy Ocasio. This is what she went by her entire life, Sandy Ocasio. And only when she decided to run for office did she decide to suddenly become Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and lean into her Puerto Rican history where her mother was born in Puerto Rico, but her father was born in New York City and she decided to tell us sob stories about how she's from a poor family and she was living, You know, paycheck to paycheck.


Meanwhile, she was raised in a Tony part of Westchester called Yorktown Heights. The single family home she grew up in was just sold in 2016 for $355,000. So it's not exactly, You know, food stamp Central. She went to Boston University. You know, you hear her tell her story. You think she never went to college, right? She was only a bartender. No, she went to Boston University and graduated with a BA in International Relations and Economics and then spent some time as a waitress and a bartender. Good for you. Virtually everyone in America didn't, I mean, literally raise your hand if you had a service personnel job.


Oh My God, yes. Right? All of us, all five of us. Hello. The difference is we don't run around asking for people to pat us on the back because we did it. It's called being a normal human. When you're young, you take those kinds of jobs and even when you're older, sometimes you do to pay your bills. This is called being a normal human, not, oh, woe is me. I worked as a waitress and I'll get to some of what she's saying around that. But that's her story. Now she makes almost $200,000 a year as a US congresswoman and is still pretending that she's on her waitress salary. But in any event, here is how she normally sounds when she's speaking and not thinking about who's listening or trying to fool anybody.


When Donald Trump tapped into this idea of make America great again, there, there were, there was times of economic opportunity. Wages rose until the 1970s. They should have taught her at Boston University. It, it was worth, there were times she was right. You gotta get that subject verb agreement. I know. It's tough. Sandy work on it. That's her though. Sounding relatively normal relative. Then there's a different version that we've heard a lot more of a lot recently. I'm proud to be a bartender. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Ain't nothing wrong. This nothing Wrong with working retail, folding clothes for other people to buy, die For none.


I'm tired about of hearing about how a two bit union buster thinks of himself as more of a patriot than the woman who fights every single day. Every single to lift working people out. So much of the boots of traveling on our way of life, Our way Of live. Alright, so you got, you got that in mind? Are we? You're with me. It'd be tough to beat. It's it, it is. But we have contenders. All right, now I'm gonna go outside of the political realm for this next one. You'll know her as soon as you see her. I think. Let's play the normal version of the person who, whose name is Hillary, who grew up in a very nice suburb of Boston.


Oh. Going to some Tony Ridge school that virtually no one else can afford. I think her dad is a dentist, but now goes by Aria Baldwin. Here she is sounding like her normal self. It's not easy. And I think part of it is that I'm in shape before I have a baby. Yeah, yeah. And then I stay active when I'm pregnant. Yeah. And it's, You know, I'm not trying to stay thin. I'm just trying to keep my circulation going and stretching and keep my muscle tone up. And then Married. Life is really nice. It feels different, You know that. So please Leave my family in peace and let this all play out.


We Have God a Cucumber, cucumbers. How do you say we have Olive oil and we Have some vinegar. Vinegar. So much. That's so funny. She sounds like Penelope Cruise. I'm this can into language. I'm making it tough for you. You say cucumber. Yeah. You're such a fucking hypo Best db   Right? Okay, So already I'm torn. I like, I gotta say, just be honest, I'm not sure who I like better on, on best actress, But we, we've got other contenders, so, You know, keep an open mind.


Okay. This woman all over the news these days, the new spokesperson for the Democrat party and we all hope the future of it. Here's Jasmine Crockett as recently as 2023. Again, sounding like a normal person. My mind, I'm thinking I just got to Austin and I had to beat five people to get here. It's a huge responsibility. You know, the congressional seat is over four times as large as my house seat. Kind of cute, excited, optimistic, normal hair, normal eyelashes, and probably normal nails, though they weren't shown in that clip. Flash forward to today's day and age and more recently and we've done a 180.


If you Could speak directly to Elon Musk, what would you say? Fuck off. Now I am tired of the white tears. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country, that it's white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed. If You could tell us, if you could tell Donald Trump anything tonight, what would you tell him? Stop being Putin's hoe. Unfortunately, we had an Opportunity To have a woman lead this country, and I promise you she would've led us to the Promised Land. But instead we got somebody that seems like he wanna take us to hell. And back again, we have someone that is occupying the White House, and as far as I'm concerned, he is an enemy to the United States.


We're gonna be in your face. We're gonna be on your asses. You and your little friend off of Twitter, y'all about to find out. Alright? Find out. Ooh, Y'all about to find out. Alright. And do, do I need to say it again as I will? She sounds absolutely nothing like she, you could steal you guys. Nothing. I mean, that's fake it till you make it. That's how you become the head of the Democrat party. It's absolute fakery. I have to confess that I love her. Yeah. Yes, I do. I I just do for good reason. I love everything about her. She's fantastic. The best spokesperson more for Democrats. Yeah, exactly Right. We do. We need a whole lot more of her. It's amazing how she's now like street, right?


Like I a whip somebody here. Okay, sure. Well look forward to that, Jasmine. Okay. I no segment like this would be complete without our fourth candidate. And honestly, she's probably got the inside track and you'll, you'll see why here she was sounding normal. Let's talk about respecting the American people. You respect the American people when you tell them the truth. You respect the American people when you have the courage, which we've always to be a leader, speaking of those things that you may not want people to hear, but they need to hear. Note how she said courage and hear where we had ours being used properly.


And yet when she ran for president, having been passed the baton by Joe Biden. Very, very different sounding. Here it is. Have You know empathy man, You know, You know the suffering of other people. Have you no sense of purpose. You Better Thank a union member for sick leave. You better. Thank a union Member For you Better leave You better. Thank a union Member for vacation time. You all helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again In 2024, We gone. Hello to all My Divine nine brothers and sisters and my sor This is a margin of era race.


It's tight. I'm gonna win. Oh God, I'm gonna win. But it's tight. My God Weeping may endure for a night. This is the best. But joy cometh in the morning. The Path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church morning is on its way. Hello man. That's me. Saturday night with a bourbon. Come on. Have You know, You know, come on, You know, little cool reference for the listener.


We're gonna win. Who is gonna win this little contest? Gentlemen, who's, is there a clear number one? I mean, I just have such secondhand embarrassment. Every time you play the second half of those clips, you watch it. You like, I wanna get under the you Have to pick one Holmes. You can't, you, you, you have to pick one. I Mean, I, I just, for me, the Hillary, the the what makes her special is like they all have this beau beautifully pres presented juxtaposition, but what makes her special is pretending that she didn't know the word cucumber. That is Special To me. That, I mean, she committed. You're talking about she committed. It's a commitment to the bit that's such a commitment to the bit, right?


Yeah. I mean it's like, no, I don't understand the English language. I'm gonna pretend right like that. I don't know what a cucumber is. Yeah. You said you love Jasmine Crockett. I love Aria. I love her so much. I love that she tries to sound like Penelope Cruz. It makes me wanna buy a SNA and start running drugs. Wait, We're gonna come back to Aria in one second. But I mean, I feel like you're, you might be giving short shrift to Jasmine, right? Who's like, yeah, that the 2023 version is so sweet. You like her. I know. You're like, oh yeah, I see why Houstonians said, yeah, let's send this gal to Congress before she was like, bitch, I'll cut you. Whoa.


Wait, what? Here, here's the thing, what happened, I think, You know, among those selections that you gave us, number one it overlooks lifetime achievement. Hillary Clinton, who famously, when she goes in the south, all of a sudden is a southerner. Yeah. Lifetime achievement. But in those choices, three of those people she was robbed are doing it out of political expediency. Yeah. They're just your standard run the mill political crook trying to pander. There's extra points for that, right? Yeah. Well, I I, I take away points. So that's commonplace, right? In DC it's a dime a dozen. Finding someone who's gonna lie and just play to the audience to get what they want out of them. Hilarious. Baldwin is just crazy. She's Doing it for the love of the game. Exactly. He's the love game. It's pure. Yeah.


It comes from a pure place of like, I wanna be crazy. I wanna be totally nuts and I love it. Yeah, you're right guys. And Al totally buys in, right? Like, he goes on a late night shows. He is like, You know, my wife, she, she's from Spain, she's my, she she's in the kitchen cooking. Literally. She grew up in Boston. Wait, what? She's Definitely not from Spain. What's, what are you saying? Two Bostonians in this by the way, which is an interesting, maybe there's a regional issue there. Boston University has just got a reputation of putting out horrible people. Wait, Who's the other Bostonian? Seriousness. I think this is a known thing like a lot of people from Boston University. Just Problems. Problems, problem, problem.


It's a known thing. You're gonna gonna hate mail for that. Wait, Holmes, who is the other Bostonian? Aria. Oh no. Bu you, you've got of course A OC Oh oh, Alexandria. Yeah. And I don't think she found that accent until she left Boston. Right? I mean, I've seen some clips of her at bu where none of that. Yeah, she was like, looked like a sorority girl. No, Honestly, it's like, it's truly like, if, if, if I were running for mayor of Chicago next year and I'm running around going top of the morning to you, Like it's obvious what you're doing.


Megan's doing that. Oh, hey, what's going on? We just in Chicago, just looking out for the crime on the streets and all that. Watching out from the wee once. Okay. Speaking of Eer, I think, so we all agree. Are we all in agreement that EER won or would, would you guys like to disagree? Anybody have anything? Man, it's, it is so hard to disagree with that. Yeah, it, it is. I I would say that Kamala deserves special points for doing it on a national stage When You know everyone is watching. Right? Yeah. But, And in so many different flavors. Right. Let's, Nice. That's her. Do Do You know what for consideration, true variety. It's worth Consideration. Megan is, she's got, she has a, a full spectrum of options.


Yeah. I mean you if you want Jamaican, we got some of that, right? Totally. We can go urban, we can go southern workforce, we can go southern. Yep. I mean there's versatility. If it's a best actor, it's multiple personality. Do that disorder. No, but like if you're a Hollywood casting agent, Dexterity and talent, Like if you're, if you're casting for SNL that you gotta, you gotta go with Kamala. Gotta, she can, can gotta, can do any bit. Gotta, You know, we go, gotta take it Rastafarian. I don, You know, decency mon, right? We can go Latina, we can go preacher, we can do the black Sam, whatever. I don't know what she's doing there with her. Her little goes whatever Seamlessly transitions from Bob Marley to MLK.


It's amazing. And it, you're right there. It's, and her that accent. It's like her channeling John Ossoff channeling Barack Obama. So it's like a copy of a copy, You know, it's, that's a tough one. It's like third rate. Alright, so while we're on the subject of Aria, she and Alec have this, this reality TV show. It must not be doing well because, oh dear. They're clearly now making a point of doing and saying very weird things to try to get into segments. Like the one that I'm doing right now. And it's working 'cause they're very strange people. And the following clip went everywhere. We could have raised it earlier in the week, But we saved it for our friends from the variety program.


Oh, and you'll see one. Yes. I've seen the, one of the loves of her life. Naked about the love Of Oh Yes. He was one of the loves of her life. We went to go see him on Broadway and he was naked. We went to go see, take Me Out, her boyfriend, the musical that our dear friend Scott Ellis directed and all these baseball players were in the locker room and they were all turned around naked with their dos hanging out. And I'm, and he's there, her boyfriend and I recognize him, I'm metaphor. And when he turns around with his personality hanging out, I'm like, oh, oh, oh, okay. He had like a clarinet hanging from his pants. The guy literally turns around and we're all like, ah, ah, whoa. We go out into the lobby, we meet him all and her boyfriend comes and I'm like, Hey, how you doing?


And I was like, I'm going to stay over Here. And you can't pay attention to Word he's saying. He's standing right here talking at me. I'm sitting looking, look, I'm going. Then he's look at me going, yeah, You know the show and this and that and this. I'm like, you have like a baseball bat that used stuff into your pants every day. How does that work for you? Oh, let's move on from that second. Well that's good. Can't speak Currently. I've actually, oh man, I've actually seen that clip. There's a lot of questions he ends it with saying that had to be said. It had to be said. There's a lot going on there. Is dong an appropriate word for the fellow down south in Rio?


I thought that was much more of a dated reference from like 16 candles. Dong. Is that still in the vernacular? You know, we've got a lot that we explore on this topic. Probably not appropriate for the SiriusXM crowd, But we have many nicknames that we could probably share with people. Dong is a, a pretty common vernacular, but not necessarily one that you would use to describe your wife's ex-boyfriend. But, But in general, you're telling me it's still in favor. This is good to know. How about the personality? He, he referred to it as the personality he turned around with his personality out. Is that, that's gotta be a new One. That's new to me. Also new. And I thought innovative was the clarinet.


Hmm. Right. That was, that was something that was brand, brand new. That Makes it sound like there's somewhat of a skin problem Also alludes, alludes to how it was used, perhaps. Oh, I'm sorry. I You know what, this is a classy show. Was that wrong? Sorry. And What was the last thing? Oh, the baseball bat. The baseball bat. Because it really hurt Alec. I think that's why that came to mind. It really hurt him. Yeah. I don Yeah. You don't wanna think About stuff Like that. I don know. Has anybody has, is this, has anyone given a moment's thought to those that came before them with their spouse?


I don't, I'm not sure this is, maybe it's just extremely weird because you haven't seen them naked And Well, what it struck me, he keeps referring to the guy as her boyfriend, like present tense. And it, all it did was remind me of President Trump, what's the name of that dinner that happens in New York? Al Smith, Al Smith dinner where he was like, I'm talking about the dudes for Kamala. You know, they're all voting for Kamala, but it's fine because all their wives and wives boyfriends are voting for me. Yeah, I think Alec Baldwin, I think he was talking about you probably, right? I don't know what's going on in that strange relationship, But I do know they're actively seeking attention because they need ratings on their show. Okay.


I I feel like I would be remiss if I did not mention, as we're talking about people who have changed themselves dramatically in mentioning a Republican controversy today that involves Kristi Noem. So Kristi Noem is our department of Homeland Security head, as you know, she's a controversial pick. The reason she wasn't chosen for vice president was probably that ridiculous memoir. She wrote confessing to killing her puppy, Crip Cricket, who she shot in the face for no reason right after, before she killed their goat. And I don't know, like a set of horses. No, not really. I know horses died.


Just the puppy and the family goat. And then the daughter got off the bus and was like, where's cricket? Anyway, there was that, there was an alleged affair with Corey Lewandowski, which was reported by the Daily Mail, which we talked about in the show. She got probably downgraded off of VP and she got made DHS and I said to this audience, well, I, I will be rooting for her because that is a very big job. And what we've seen so far is a lot of photo ops. Okay? She went on, was it Fox News? Wearing her like F-B-I-D-H-S jacket. Like she just finished a field operation while she was actually doing the arrests. Like, that's cosplaying. All right, we'll we'll show you that picture when we get it.


Then we saw her out there rounding up illegals on her horse with her cowboy hat, which I said, all right, I'm gonna have to give her a pass on that because she actually was raised on a ranch in South Dakota. That's not necessarily cosplaying, right? Like that could, but it was obviously a curated photo op that she put together to make sure she looked and, and all this. She's got false eyelashes, heavy eyeliner, the big lips with all the gloss, the heavy blush, You know, she's camera ready like I would be for doing a television hit, but maybe not while I was riding the horses and like capturing illegals. And then she went next level last night, by the way, this is after she got in trouble for like being a spokesperson for a dental office when she was still the governor of South Dakota and showing off her fake veneers, which she's really proud of, like very obsessed with the new look, which is dramatically different than the old look.


And then we see her last night dropping this video from that El Salvadorian prison watch. I also want everybody to know, if you come to our country illegally, this is one of the consequences you could face. First of all, do not come to our country illegally. You will be removed and you will be prosecuted. But know that this facility, it's unbelievable, is one of the tools in our toolkit that we will use if you commit crimes against the American people. Okay? Standing behind her in a cage are dozens of shirtless prisoners in the El Salvadorian jail, looking kind of scared, confused.


They're being used as props for her photo op in her skin. Tight shirt with her hair perfectly curled and coiffed. And again, the makeup, as she tries to sound tough with these prisoners behind her as her background, as like truly her human props in her photo. And I'm telling you, you guys, it's fucked up. I have no empathy for Venezuelan gang members who wound up in an El Salvadorian jail, but this is messed up. I mean, truly like to use them in this way as her backdrop to show us how cool she is and how tough she is, is gross and utterly unhelpful to those of us who have been out there arguing that Trump is within his rights to round up these eagles in America and send them there with very limited due process.


Utterly unhelpful. So any thoughts on that? You know, she's had a tendency in recent years, I mean, she started as a, a congresswoman from South Dakota. Wonderful. Q like I got to know her staff and, and whatnot a little bit on Capitol Hill. But in recent years, if she's got a, a major glaring weakness, it's that she gets out in front a little, little too public of a way. I mean, one of the things that caught my eye early on in the administration was them deciding that they were gonna run a bunch of public service announcements using, You know, taxpayer dollars, but with heard basically to camera. And I think the challenge for that is you're in Donald Trump's administration and Donald Trump's the star of this show, right?


It's, it's not Kristi Noem. And I think everybody sort of understands that, at least it seems that this administration understands that a lot better than the first time around. But, but, but she's kind of getting herself into a territory where it's a little overexposed. I mean, everybody knows that Tom Holman is walking around, literally showing up in a different place every day, deporting some incredibly violent gang member somewhere, and he's getting the job done. And it best, You know, his only publicity at at all is when some journo asks him a horrible question and he just dresses him down and moves on. Right? I think that's a better approach. I it, I don't remember another DHS secretary showing up for TV hits like this.


Hold on, we'll put it on the board. Like trying to look like, look at her with the long dangling earrings and the hat and like the, the jacket. This is the whole thing feels like an act. And I'm all for women taking over these powerful, tough, important positions. But I'm embarrassed for how she's presenting herself while doing it. Like maybe it's time. And, and as you know, like I, I, look, I'm not really in a position to cast stones here from my made up face at my desk, But I can guarantee you that if I became Secretary of Homeland Security, I would not be laying on the lip gloss, the lashes and the blush before I started talking about illegals.


I made sure wound up in El Salvador or cosplaying up with my DHS ware before I went on Fox News. This is a deeply insecure person and I'm sorry, but it doesn't, who are we if we only have honest talk for the left? This is honest talk from someone who's a Trump supporter that he needs to reign her in because she's becoming an embarrassment. It's all a little much, You know, all of the stuff, the ads that, You know, the, the video in front of the, the prison and, and the reason why back to Holmes's point is like, it seems sort of excessive in spiking the football. And you're getting out ahead of the Trump administration. Let Donald Trump talk about how he wants to talk about the El Salvadorian.


And by The way, there's ongoing right. Litigation Litigation right over exactly what it is that she's talking about there. I mean that guarantee you, I guarantee you will be entered as an exhibit in that courtroom. The one thing I would say in her defense, absolutely, the one thing I would say in her defense is like the PSAs, if it gets people to self deport, fantastic. If that video, You know, in front of those criminals gets less migrants to try to cross the border and smuggle drugs and onto this country, good. I I take your point. I I see that now actually, I, in her defense when she put that out last night, it's getting way more likes than it is getting criticism and most of the people criticizing it are like on the left and against this policy to begin with.


So I think I'm in a unique spot because I actually support this policy and I want more illegal gang members deported to El Salvador. However, the way to convince Judge Bosberg, who will be the ultimate trier of fact on this, that we're not winning this fight right now, we just lost it. The court of appeals and the Supreme Court may not take it immediately. So Judge Bosberg is in control at the moment, is really not to give him more reasons to suspect what kind of treatment they're gonna have down in El Salvador and to take them and make them look like little lab rats behind prison bars looking dazed and confused and shirtless as she stands there.


Totally glammed to the nines is a bad fucking move. I can say this as a lawyer, this is not what you'd want introduced into the record, Christie. And what should have been done, Duncan, to your point on deterrence is let's, let's stick with the video we have that's already out there of the prisoners being processed. It's bad enough, frankly, of them bent over and being like through, You know, put assembly line and head as they get checked out and yeah. And put into the, the prison. Like, I'm not really that comfortable with that, but it's fine. Like, these are gang members, these are fucking people who killed Americans. So, You know, crime a river, some of them. But there is a debate about who got in there that shouldn't have.


There were two mistakes made, made a woman got in and she, she was sent back home. A guy from Nicaragua who clearly is not a Venezuelan gang member, got in and he was sent back home. Anyway, I'm just saying right now we're debating over how much due process they should get while we figure out whether they really are trend atua and whether we should have shipped them to this prison and shots of them looking, maybe it's for the camera, whatever, but like scared and disoriented and a little shellshocked aren't Helpful. Okay. That's my, that's my take on the matter. Feel free to disagree. My audience often does with me, but that's what we love about each other. Megan, at megan kelly.com. Can I take A quick break? Can I just one second to be Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Go ahead. Smoke The, the, the not the voice of rationality like you have been. I support it. I support it. That's good. I like, I know It's a take, But I like it and I support it. All the democrats at their debate raise their hands and said, I'll give illegals free healthcare. You know, if you have an attractive woman that gets more eyes online and, and what they're gonna see is, shoot, if I try to enter the country illegally, I'm gonna end up in this cage with a bunch of terrible people and that doesn't look fun. Mm. I know. It's, it's absolutely bad for the legal system and I'm counting on the Supreme Court to hurry up and do its job and help us out there. We can make bad decisions along the way. We can have a little bit of fun. This is our resident nihilist.


He's the devil on Our shoulder. I know, it's funny because I'm really against these people and I trust in Tom Holman's ability to figure out whether they're Venezuelan gang members. I really do. There he is not running around willy-nilly just picking random Hispanics as the left would have you believe. Right. But it's, it's another thing to put that on display and ask Americans to be like, alright sure. I'm fine with zero due process before we do that. Yeah, right. Like, 'cause that's really what Trump is asking for under the Alien Enemies Act. And look, I've defended it, defended it repeatedly on the show, But I just feel like I don't, maybe it's a woman thing, You know, maybe I'm too soft, But I, for me that was too much.


It was like, you look like you are on the backs of people who are in a lot of trouble. We understand that and most of us are okay with them having to sort that out. But you look like you are trying to make it into a photo op about you looking tough as opposed to a serious and sober legal issue that we are really regretful we have to deal with. But we do have to deal with things to Joe Biden and you should not look like this is a fun thing for you to do and you're gonna wear your skin tight shirt and go down there and try to look hot and threatening. I just, it's to me is a big turnoff.


Okay, sorry, stole less word, But I appreciate the disagreement and keep 'em coming. Alright, standby. Quick break more after this.


These days, personal safety is not something that can or should be left a chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game-changing, less lethal self-defense tool. It's compact, powerful and easy to use And it provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear gas, pepper and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And by the way, with this projectile, you don't actually have to necessarily hit the target in order to incapacitate him as long as you're close. The fumes from this thing can potentially be incapacitating. And the best part is Berna can be shipped directly to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Byrna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is just not the right option for you. And burnout provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are incorporating Bea's less lethal protection into their lives. Berna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


So Hack Madness is a play on March Madness and I liked the top four. Your your, your number one seeds. This is for hacks in the media as I understand it, correct me if I'm wrong, are Nicole Wallace, Eugene Daniels of Politico, but now he's got a show on M-S-N-B-C, Nora O'Donnell and Margaret Brennan. I like it. I like it a lot. Big year for CBS. Yeah, I mean Smug is our res resident bracketologist here. We all put a lot of work into the Seedings this year and we, this is our fifth annual Megan And it every year. It's a body of work, right?


You gotta get, you gotta do a lot of things throughout a calendar year in order to qualify for the tournament and then we cede you appropriately on how we thought you did throughout the year. And that's the thing is, so I mean it starts with 66. We have two playing games we're talking about. It's the same size as March Madness. There are 64 hacks that are going head to head. It gets voted on. It's big online on X. It's huge. I mean we've so far had, You know, throughout the history of these over 10 million votes cast. So I mean it's bigger than some congressional races in terms of the number of race votes that go into this. You're, but also it's so great because I tag every single one of these hacks I at them on, on X every single single time. And very frequently I get blocked. They start tweeting about how mad they're, they're like, I'm so unbiased.


And then without fail they get all these replies of screenshots of like Russiagate nonsense and everything else. But like Holmes said, it's their previous year's body of work that goes into deciding it. Oh and I think to me the story of this year is that two CBS people got the number one seat in each of, You know, their divisions further, they were the two who also managed a vice president debate. Yeah, this has to stop too. Yeah, it's really remarkable. Yeah, this is like that trans movie about the Colombian guy who wanted to be trans and they got all the nominations. That's CBS right now. They got all the nominations Hack Madness. But I do, I mean I have a one bone to pick because it seems that the latest matchup has this Eugene Daniels up against Don Lemon who's only an eight seed.


What kind of disrespect is that to Don Lemon's hack? Let's Explain. This is very, very, very important Megan. And we have a proprietary methodology in college basketball. Ken Pomeroy has this Ken Palm, which he uses as like a quotient to rank basketball teams. We have this methodology that includes everything from like how liberal they are exposure, how crazy they are, how much of a liar they are, and then exposure and like Don Lemon dropped in the seeding because his quotient and exposure has gone down a Little. He's been fired twice. That's right around. I've never seen Duncan this animated about any other subject that we've ever discussed with him. I've put a lot of thought into this and included don't a lot of work that it included a lot of numbers.


I might, I might be on the spectrum, You know, Now is it gonna be, is it like the NCAA march madness where we've learned this year there's no more Cinderella stories because it's basically 'cause we're allowing the athletes to make money and so they can switch to schools and they're leaving their small schools and they're all going to the big schools. Such a good comparison. So is that, is that what's happening in Hack Madness too? Or could there be a sleeper surprise? Like I would say Eugene Daniel's kind of a sleeper surprise. Most pe not a household name. No, not a household name. I mean there's an inherent bias as we've done this over five years for people who are on tv, they're recognizable. All the crazy stuff that they've done is visual so people can actually see it. There's an inherent bias against print whose body of work might I say is extraordinary, but they don't get the kind of representation that's necessary True.


And to, to make it all the way to the final four in this kind of thing. We're hoping that that sort of works its way out a little bit, but there's only like six print journalists left. Yep. After one round. So yeah, I mean this is, You know, household names go a long way And there are some newcomers that went down really hard in the first round. And I'm telling you, I mean as much as some of these people have tried their best, they are not gonna overcome Margaret Brennan. She has done yeoman's work building towards this championship and I don't think she's gonna be denied this year. A real powerhouse. Wait, what, what Did Jeffrey Goldberg even make the dance? He was probably not even on your radar. No, he was a bubble Team. He was a bubble team. He was a Bubble team. But it happened, all of this happened a week after the bracket came out.


Yeah. And so, sorry Sir. Sorry. Late submission. He Could have been, he could have been, You know, in terms of what he's done done lately. Yeah. Serious contender, Some after that sound bite. Some played at the top of the show. Some I I could have elevated him a couple of seeds. At least I know you, we have some upsets Michael. We Have some. I This is breaking news because the next round of Hack Madness is currently live. Voting is X. Now Everyone visit Comfortably, Smug on X. Can people still get in on this, you guys? Or is it two way They can still vote like ncaa Well where do do they go still vote? Well, Eugene, You, you vote at Comfortably Smug on XI have it pinned right on my profile. Okay. Yeah, I mean go ahead. Eugene Daniels right now is losing to Don Lemon. He's a one seed. Don Lemon's an eight seat Upset.


Supportive. Yeah, He got supportive and Navarro's beating Chris Hayes. Oh, that's surprising. Oh, that's very surprising. Keith Berman is beating Sonny Hostin. She was a two Seed boy. She did a lot of work this year. The view is tough one. Really like the, the power of the view has really started to wane. Yeah. Well and Joy. Joy, what's her name got from the View re got knocked out. Joy. Joy Behar. Joy. What'd that joy, what'd you do with Joy Reed? Because now no visibility, But I mean very high up on the hackery scale. It's a Body of work throughout the year. Right. Okay. She had that kind of visibility throughout a calendar year and so she richly deserved it. Well, And it's, and it's paying off her Anna Navarro. Right. Because in addition to like that, she's also going on like Bill Maher and she's on CNNA lot.


Yeah. And so all that visibility means she's gonna make a long run here in the tournament. All to Crown the biggest hack in all of political reporting. Who did you guys pick? You know how we have to pick our number one this year? I went with Duke for all sorts of reasons on the, the, the other bracket, which is completely collapsed by the way, my bracket. But who do you guys have for number one? Did you all pick different people? I think we might have picked different people. I will say I had three CBS people in my Final Four, But I ultimately ended up going with Nicole Wallace. I I thought her making fun of the kid at the State of the Union. Oh very good. Was just a, it, it ha it's a recency bias perhaps, but sometimes that propels the team. Good. I I I have to to go mar Brendan. I just, I I, she goes in day in, day out with the Hackery.


It started her like Cinderella run started as that VP debate and then you saw things as recent as when she tried to go after Marco Rubio on Sunday. Like she keeps at it week after week with the Hackery humiliation finish. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm with smug on this. I I'm counting on America's love of JD Vance. America's love of memes and America's hatred of Margaret. Margaret. You know, I don't really care, Margaret. I don't care. Margaret was Huge moment. It became a whole thing. I'm also, I'm also a big believer in Margaret Brennan this year. You know, this tournament. Yeah, I did. Big believer because this tournament is about the big moments like what she did in the debate. It's also about doing, You know, what you're doing when nobody else is watching day in day out.


That's her, that's her show. Nobody watches her show. But in the big moments, You know, when like Marco Rubio dunks on her or JD Vance dunks on her, that's on X. People see it. She's performing well then too. So I'm telling you, I think this is hers to hers to lose. Yeah. Who was it, which, which blonde news anchor was it? Who said to jd? Like only two. Only a couple. A few apartment buildings have been taken over by the Venezuelan gangs. Who was that? Steve? Was it Martha? It might have Been Martha Rat. Yeah, it was Rat. It was Martha Ratts. We didn't see an enough Year. She should get an honorable mention in there. That was like a, You know. Yeah. We've seen an enough Of her. But she was a bubble. It's true. The exposure's low.


Yeah. She could be a bubble Exposure. Yeah. I Mean Katherine Mayer, I mean look, it is tough Mar she got in there super late, You know. Yeah. Media executive. God, if she had just had this testimony, what might have been in any event we tell you. I'll tell you. I will tell you though Meghan, there's one really special Cinderella story in this year's tournament. A former champion who had not made the bracket for a couple of years due to an unfortunate employment situation, has made a return and is now working his way through the bracket. The potato himself, Brian Stelter such a story gets far by CNN begs his way back. Yeah. I mean it's fighter fighter. It's what's built this country. How can You know, how can you root against him? I can only imagine the halftime speech he's giving the rest of the team.


Great. While we're on the subject of actresses and awards and hacks, do we have a moment for Rachel Ziegler and Snow White? Because there is an update. Oh yeah. In that story today there was an in-depth piece, like a behind the scenes piece. Was it Variety? Talking about how they've, they've been in a full meltdown about this girl for a couple of years now and how they had her tweet out like a little Yay Snow White. Can't wait. So excited. I love to play her. And she did it and got like millions of views and they were like, good job Rachel. And then she like minutes later followed up with and never forget Free Palestine.


Oh, This is just like A few months after ten seven. It was like, hadn't even been a year. And they were like, like, like my God, what Hell broke. Isn't her CoStar Jewish? Yes, yes. Gal, gal. Gado Gado ga. She's, I mean what? Wow. She's Jewish and apparently this actually all hell broke loose. They gal started getting death threats. She's Israeli and I think served in the IDF. She did, they tried, they, they flew an executive, one of the producers out to go visit personally with Rachel Ziegler to say, could you please take that down? Because we understand you can have your political views but those aren't really helpful and while you're trying to build an audience for a movie, maybe you could save Children's for like your diary and your friends, but like, maybe not, maybe just take the tweet down and she wouldn't.


And then they had to hire a special media consultant for her to follow her around all the time and make sure she didn't continue shitting on Snow White and The Prince and Young Love and women who wanna get married. And Steven Spielberg, the executive producer of her previous movie and white people who she claims wanted to know if she was really a Latina on her first movie. Like the list was really long. And then the son of that producer who got on the plane to go over and say, would you please for the love of God take this down? And she wouldn't was all on Instagram yesterday a admitting it all the variety report being like, of course, what would you do when you have this narcissistic nightmare trying to ruin a film that you've put hundreds of millions of dollars into that's employing all these working class people?


She refused to keep her fat mouth shut. All it was a great spilling of the tea. And yeah, so I don't think she's in the running toward the Real Academy Awards. She wasn't right, she was not nominated for this past year. 'cause the film hadn't come out. But you tell me you're, You know, you're not Hollywood guys, but you are political odds men. So what do you think the odds are of this person working ever again? I don't know. Doesn't it seem like it's almost a prerequisite in Hollywood? I mean, maybe things have changed a little bit. They are, didn't they Megan, tell me. Isn't this the one where they actually took the dwarves out of the Seven Dwarves? Yes. We have CGI dwarves now.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah, because little people didn't need jobs either. Yeah. But, but it's, it's Because Peter Dinkle wanted the whole field to himself and went out there was like, he kicked The ladder down behind him. This is Insulting. Unless it's me. He kicked the ladder. The ladder, he got ladder his money in Hollywood. Now he's don't Hire, You know. Oh, nicely done. Smug. The ladder was Nicely Done. That was low. No, But I mean, he got his money acting as a little person now he's saying it's demeaning for them to have those roles. He acted as a dwarf on like the most popular show on TV for 10 years. Made millions of dollars. Now he's like, how dare people hired dwarfs to act as dwarfs. It's ridiculous. The thing, he got his money and they kicked the ladder down behind him. It's This thing that really shocks me about this story. You know, Disney and, and all these media companies, they invest hundreds of millions of dollars into these projects, right?


Have, have they ever thought about maybe like a little bit of like, I don't know, vulnerability study, opposition research, that sort of thing before you go and hire some zoomer who's a lunatic. Yeah. But they're All lunatic. I mean, how many people in Hollywood, maybe not to this extent, but how many people do you hear about actors Do you love? You love what? Look at Robert De Niro. I love, like basically every movie he's ever done, every time that guy opens his mouth as a private citizen, I'm like, oh my God, you can't possibly believe that. You know what I mean? So it's like if you're trying to vulnerability study it, where do you start? Yeah, I mean I think the problem Is I don't think they're all this bad. I think some, I think most young angenous can be scared into just being quiet until the movie comes out.


At least like please give the movie a chance. Understanding that Republicans buy sneakers too, You know? Yeah. To quote Michael Jordan, like just, and there are a few, give It a chance. There are a few actors now that are not, are less afraid of sort of showing their conservatives. It, it's also a generational thing. I mean, her generation has basically grown up being told every opinion you have, post it online, share it with the world. You're the most special person in the world revolves around you. Everyone has to change to, to fit your beliefs because you're so special and you're so important and everything you say is validated and that's your truth. And that's not going away anytime soon. The other problem is Disney keeps doing this shit. Yeah. They don't care how many times they lose money.


I mean this is, they're gonna learn a lesson on this. This one though. I don't think so. I mean, they're projected to lose between two and 400 million on this. I mean, they're still not gonna, they're not gonna learn their lesson about a third of what Democrats lost on Kamala Harris. And I will tell you that I think that this woman will be the governor of California. Oh God. I think she's going to run. And I think that Californians are looking for a step up from Gavin Newsom. And I think they, Rachel found candidate Rachel. I think she's gonna be the governor. Maybe a Formidable, I can voice of a left. Here's some good news. Speaking of the woke wars, Anheuser-Busch declines for the first time in over 30 years to sponsor the Pride Fest Parade in St.


Louis. Yeah, they will. They will not That's, that's Bud Light. That learning it's lesson they learned. They won't sponsor the Pride Fest. And several other companies are saying, we're out. This L-G-B-T-Q Pride Fest is now openly complaining, saying we don't understand DEI is somehow becoming a bad word. We need these partners, we need them now more than ever. And they've lost hundreds of thousands of dollars as various companies refuse to pitch in, including reportedly, according to the New York Times, Booz Allen, Hamilton, Deloitte, Comcast, an auto dealership group, dark cars, and then there's Bud Light all saying not interested.


This is a huge victory in totally an important battle that we've all been fighting. Will it continue guys? What do you think? Yeah, I do think it will continue, at least for a while. I mean all of these companies are ultimately in the business of making money and providing value to shareholders. And you look at election results and for the first time they're not talking to just a, a far left shakedown artist. They're looking at the American people and they wanna change it. It's wonderful to see that they're learning their lesson. Go ahead Ashbrook. You got 30 Seconds. I was just gonna say, I grew up, I grew up in a very small town. We had a 4th of July parade every year. And I don't remember giant corporate sponsors coming in to make people turn out for that. So I'm guessing if this parade is as popular as that one, then maybe people will still show.


Yeah, they can make it happen without all these corporate dollars. And these corporate corporations are looking at people like Chris Ruffo and Robbie Starbuck, who's been doing such a good job of shaming them for continuing DEI policies that are divisive and racist and sexist and we've all got our eyes on them now. They know they have real skin in this game. They will not be universally praised, they will be publicly humiliated with their core audience like Bud Light was. So, I love it. It's progress. Great to see you fellas. See soon. Great to see you, Megan. Thank you. Thank you so Much. Thanks for having us. Alright, we'll be back tomorrow with Halperin and the morning meeting crew. See you then.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.