
The holidays are all about sharing with family meals, couches, stories, grandma secret pecan pie recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are. So you don't have to go from room to room to find out who wants cranberry sauce or whether you should get mini marshmallows for the yams or collecting votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart and then share the meals and the moments. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and today's True Crime Christmas special. Today we are diving deep into the case of Alec Murdoch and there are updates in this incredible case. Believe it or not, his story begins much earlier than the crimes that made national headlines over the past few years. And no one has covered the story quite like the Wall Street Journal's. Valerie Bline, who wrote the book, The Devil at His Elbow, we get into everything from Murdoch's family history to the details of his downfall and the new info


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. The app shows whether you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to understand your metabolism based on your measurements. Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day. You can breathe into it before and after workouts as well and meals to get real-time insights with Lumen, providing tips to give you all the latest information about your health game. Lumen can also track your cycle, adjusting its recommendations to maintain a healthy metabolism through hormonal shifts, helping you keep your energy levels up and stave off cravings. So if you wanna stay on track with your health this holiday season, go to lumen.me/megan to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/megan for 15% off your purchase. Lumen makes a great gift too. This is probably something they won't be expecting. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Valerie, welcome. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you. Okay, so this is also fascinating and one of the most eye-opening things I read was about Alec Murdoch's background. His, his, yeah. He comes from a long line of deeply, ethically problematic people, which I did not know. All he ever heard about him was that he came from this very storied family. They were lifelong solicitors, or like the prosecutors in their town in South Carolina, very well respected. They controlled everything. It was far more nefarious than that. Can you take us back? Oh, it absolutely was. I mean, I think one of the biggest surprises I had researching this book was that every crime that Elec was eventually convicted of had some echo in the past.


And that includes like the violence against women or overtures of violence against women. That includes insurance fraud. Like by the side of the road, there was an active insurance fraud that started the Family Dynasty stealing from clients drug trafficking. There were, there were echoes in the past for every single crime we're talking about even a boat wreck that caused really a traumatic injury. So that was, that surprised me too. It wasn't, it wasn't just Eck, it was the history going back to 1920 of this family. Yes. I mean, it really does show you, You know, if you have a family, a father, a grandfather who are committing crimes and teaching you either explicitly or implicitly that that's okay, your odds of becoming a criminal are obviously much higher.


But hello, women of the world. Pay attention. Pay attention to your, your spouse, the, the the guys you're dating. It can work the other way around too. And what they come from, who they come from. So this, his great grandfather, Randolph Murdoch Sr. Basically committed suicide and insurance fraud at the same time. That's right. And I was in Hampton just last week. I actually was standing at the train tracks just south of Alameda where Alex, the home place that Elec went the night of the homicides. His great-grandfather, Randolph Sr, was a very prominent man. I mean, every meal he ate was front page news. Like where was he Now he was the district attorney for four counties in the low country of South Carolina.


He was, he was very sick. He was 53 years old. He was, he was dying. He was at the end of his life. He had, he had kidney failure at a time when there just, you didn't, there was no cure, right? There was no dialysis. He was broke. He had been a big investor in the, in a bank. And then the bank failed. And through the depression, he was just, I found documents down at the courthouse in Hampton where he just would say, there's no chance I can ever pay these people back. So he was broke, he was dying, and he knew how to do one thing incredibly well, which was Sue the railroad, which at that time in 1940 was one of the only entities worth suing. So what happened was he was driving back from a poker game in Yee, a little town right on the Hampton County line at one in the morning, hottest day of the summer, 90 some degrees.


He pulls, he stops short of his home and turns onto a deserted train tracks and, and right and is at the base of it. And as the train is coming, and if, if y'all, if you grew up in a small town near a railroad, You know what time the train comes through, the train is coming north and you can hear it four miles, it's coming north, it's bearing down on this train tracks. He speeds up onto the tracks themselves and they're blowing the whistle. They're flashing the light. It's a clear moonlight night. He, and they see hi. He sees them and instead of like driving off, he waves at them. And what happens is there's a coroner's jury, and the coroner, of course was a protege of, of Randolph Sr.


The sheriff was a protege of Randolph Sr. There was an inquest the next morning. And guess what? The local coroner's jury found that in spite of the testimony of the engineer and others, it was an accident. And it cleared the way for Randolph Murdoch Jr. Alex's grandfather to sue the railroad for the equivalent of millions of dollars, which is what he did successfully. Isn't it incredible. It's Randolph Murdoch Jr. Buster Randolph Murdoch Jr's old buster and old Buster was a real force to be reckoned with. He, he was solicitor from 1940 when he was 25 years old to 1986. So Roosevelt to Reagan, and he even stayed in that office beyond that time.


The, the legislature finally essentially forced him. They created a rule that essentially forced him to retire, but he kept going into the office as a volunteer solicitor. So he was so, Randolph Murdoch Jr. Old Buster Elec Murdoch idolized him. He told many people that he wished he'd been born in Old Buster's Day, because in those days what you said was what the truth was. And, and, and old buster was he ruled with an iron fist. He was one of those guys that would rather be feared than loved. And he also continued fraud and potential violence against women. He so old Buster, there's, there's, I was able to pull 900 pages from the National archives of the, the records from his trial, his federal trial.


The Feds charged him with bootlegging actually running the largest bootlegging ring in the south. He was the ringleader. They charged two dozen people, old Buster, Alex's grandfather was, was charged with leading this entire ring in Colton County. And he was, he was, he was, he was accused of taking a cash bribe in the hallway of the Colton County Courthouse, which is the hallway that we went in and out every day of Alex Murdoch trial. He was accused of, of intimidating witnesses, buying off witnesses and, and, and, and eventually of tampering with the jury by buying off the foreman. And he was one of the only people in that entire weeks long federal trial that was acquitted.


So there's a history of, of, You know, Alec Murdoch was Con was convicted of, of drug trafficking. His grandfather was credibly accused and narrowly escaped, being convicted of bootlegging. So again, those echo in the past and tell, Tell us about the mistress who got on the wrong side of Alec Murdoch's grandfather. So there was, there was, there was testimony in Alex that Alex's trial, As you remember, there was testimony that Alex was somewhat of a, a philander, and that certainly is a history in the family going back generations. His grandfather, old Buster had had a mistress, not several, but one in particular who he was in touch with for many, many years.


And her name was Ruth Fox. And Ruth Fox was married to a local, like a, a nor a northern baron who came down and bought a plantation. And she was from one of the nation's first families, a really impressive woman in her own right. And she was, had been in, in the Navy during World War ii, like training pilots, which is kind of wild to think about what kind of woman was doing that in the forties. And she met Buster and asked for his help in getting out of her obligations. He's like, I know everybody I'll know. I, us senators, I'll help you get out of this, out of this bind. They got to know each other. And what, You know, a year later, she is pregnant with his child. She goes to, it's just such an incredible story.


She goes to the house and we're talking about the same house that Elick went to the night of the homicides atel. He goes to the, she goes to the house, knocks on the door, speaks to Alex's grandmother and says, You know, you have a son. I have a son, these boys shouldn't eat. And the grandmother says, You know, don't let my name come outta your mouth ever again. Go away. And, and it was, it was a stunning thing because she had survived essentially when she had told Old Buster that she was pregnant. He had tried to have her killed. She, he hired, he had a fixer. The story goes, he had a fixer of one of many who, who laid, laid in weight underneath her porch one night and got a little bit too drunk and fell asleep and didn't kill her.


So there was just like this incredible, incredible echoes throughout this story. Isn't it amazing? Yes, it is amazing. I mean, I cannot, you must have been just slack jawed when you read up about the direct line from which he came and it's, it, yeah, it ma makes sense of everything. So it didn't stop there. It didn't even skip a generation. Alex's father also had a history of paying people off to cover up a boat accident, which of course would set off Alex's own story and with a different boat accident as well. Well, there was, and and there was certainly a, a terrible boat accident in 1998 from the same island like Murdoch Island where, You know, you'll remember the, the, the tragic boat wreck that killed Mallory Beach in 2019.


They took the Murdoch family boat from the family compound, which is called Murdoch Island back in 1998. Alex's younger brother was having a party on Murdoch Island. There was a boat there. And it's incredible, I couldn't believe it when I saw the documents. It was had, it had been seized in a drug raid by the solicitor's office. So by Old Buster. And he liked the boat, so he kept it for his own use at the island. Sure. And everyone, the family used it. Okay. So they, it's, it's, it's, it's late at night. There's some guests there that wanted to take the boat home rather than the roads, because they didn't wanna get in trouble. They've been drinking for many hours. And they, these, these young men set off on a boat ride home.


And it's tricky. We know from what happened with the, with the wreck that killed Mallory Beach, very shallow waters in places. They hit a shoal and stopped and then immediately started back up and didn't realize that one of the guests had fallen overboard and it gotten run over by the motor and, and sustained a traumatic brain injury. And, You know, I've got hundreds of pages of documents from the state that show the, the Murdochs were involved in trying to make that wreck go away. Even some of the same DNR, the natural resources officers, the, they, even some of the same officers who were involved in the Mallory Beach Rec were, and they were working that night as well.


So the echoes in the past are just, just, I sometimes I couldn't believe it. I really was gobsmacked many times in a row. Yes, I same, I'm having the same reaction just sitting here. So then of course we get to Alec and this whole thing that we watched, this double murder trial in which he was found guilty of killing his wife and his own son was set off by that boating accident. The, the second one, not, not the one you discussed where the woman was run over, but more recently with the, the younger generation while Alec was out on a boat, was drinking and they had an accident and Mallory Beach was thrown from the boat and wasn't found for some time later and she was dead.


And that old Murdoch instinct to cover it up, run cover for those involved, or especially for Alec, kicked in and would set off a chain of events that would ultimately destroy the Murdoch family. And it's so poignant to look at pictures of Mallory. She was 19 years old when she died. She was just full of life. I've gotten to know her, her family over the course of, of reporting this story. And it was, it was Alex boat, but it was his son, Paul Murdoch, who was 19 at the time, who was, who was, who was driving. I mean, I think the facts established that he was driving. He was criminally charged with it. And so he, he's, he is incredibly drunk.


He drank a lot. I talked with people that knew the family. He had been sneaking beer since he was eight years old. And, and, and, and a certain point not even sneaking them. So he was, he was, he was very, very drunk. He had 19 drinks that night. His, his bac c when he got to the hospital was 0.286. But he was, he was a, he was a person even at 19 who'd been drinking for numbers of years and had been driving drunk for numbers of years according to people I talked to who were involved in wrecks with him before. But so he, he gets angry at his girlfriend, who's one of the, one of the passengers on the boat, confronts her. She says, you're too drunk to drive, give everybody the keys, slaps her spits in her face, goes back to the wheel of the boat and, and floors it 20 the equivalent of 28 miles an hour.


And they're going through a very narrow, very shallow path and hit a bridge that fast. And Mallory is thrown overboard and never resurfaces. And what all the evide, I've got thousands of pages of documents, some of them public, many of them not, not many of them that had not been reviewed before that just showed that there was, when Elec got to the hospital that night where these young people had been on the boat was, he went room to room to room trying to get everyone on the same page. He had his, his, his grandfather, old Buster's badge outside of his pocket pretending to be in law enforcement officer. And I have his cell phone records and have tracked his path that night. Do you remember when he testified that he put blue lights, blue lights and siren on the suburban that he was driving?


Yeah. Yes. There is it, it was almost physically impossible for him to get from Melle where he and Maggie were living at the time to the hospital, unless he was going fabulously fast, 80 or 90 miles an hour. And I think it stands to reason, and I argue this in the book, that he almost certainly used lights to, to get to the hospital before the other families and get everyone on the same page. Makes sense. And, but it really was his, his undoing, the reason that he said he wanted to live in old Buster's time is that, You know, there was so much evidence in the video cameras in the hospital that night, so many statements. There was so much, everything is recorded. Right. You know, and, and he, he could not outrun modernity.


And, and in the end that night and his actions, the night of the boat wreck, really with the beginning of the end of the family, For among other reasons, he was then sued by the beach family. Right. And that in the course of that lawsuit, he would have to produce discovery, speaking to his economic status, his financial data, and so on. And he, what was, we know separately now running a massive fraud, stealing from his law firm, had a massive drug problem or so he testified and was very worried this was all gonna come out. He would be exposed and at, and at the same time his law firm. Was this coincidental, was this coincidental, Valerie that, like the law firm started an investigation of Alec at the same time for possible ethical breaches?


Or were those two things related, the lawsuit and the law firm getting interested in him? Well, it's all kind, it's all kind of woven together. And what, what happened in the immediate aftermath of the vote wreck is that Mallory's family was having a tough time finding a lawyer to represent their interest in Renee Beach. Mallory's mom tells the story of being down at the, at the landing where the boat was, had come to rest and wanting to go down there and see where her daughter was, where she was the last time she was spotted. And the, the police were very, very kind, but said, I'm sorry, you can't go down there. Here's a case of water for you and your family while you wait. And there was a moment where Randolph Murdoch ii, Alex's dad, and, and Maggie, his wife, came down in, in their pickup truck and he waves at the officer and waves him through.


And Renee Beach realized then, oh my gosh, this is not a vigil. I thought I was at a vigil mourning my daughter. This is a crime scene and the family that's been the law in this area for a hundred years is in charge of it. I need a lawyer. And she made a critical decision, which is to hire a lawyer to represent the family's interest. And that lawyer was a key player and a, and a big character in this book. And his name is Mark Tinsley. And there's no enemy like your former friend, he was very close to Eck. He knew the playbook. He had a, he had a card key to get in and out of the Murdoch law firm at Will. And he recognized those relationships. He's like, oh, I know he knows these particular officers because of my own personal information.


And once he decided to take the case, take the Beach's case, he was relentless in showing that that elec and potentially the officers who were involved in, in protecting the scene were really, really protecting Paul from charges. And so he filed a lawsuit in very short order. And that lawsuit sought, like you said, all of Alex's financial records, just a standard part of a civil lawsuit to say, how much insurance do you have? What do, what resources could you potentially pay if there was a judgment? And, and Elec knew more than anyone else that he had been robbing his personal injury clients, the poorest, the poor for more than a decade. And he knew what any serious inquiry would, would do.


And so he had to stave that off and, and in the end it was his undoing. So he killed his own wife and his son Paul, who had been at, at the helm for that boating accident. And it was an attempt to garner sympathy, like to make him a sympathetic character so that his law firm would move away, would stop investigating him so that the lawsuit involving Paul would be less strong because, You know, the main culprit would be gone. And who would put this poor man now through the torture of seeing a civil lawsuit through it was an effort to just change his own financial and reputational fortunes.


No, I think, I think the prosecution argued that very effectively. And one of the things that I think that Mark Tinsley said on the stand is, You know, personal injury lawyers don't think like other people, they, their, their gift, their understanding of a successful one is, is understanding emotion. Like what motivate, what might motivate a jury to, to, to pay blood money. And a lot of it in a case, they understand what makes people tick. And he knew that, You know, the day of the homicides, June 7th, 2021, and I'm sure we'll talk about this, he had been confronted over some of that missing money that he had been stealing $792,000, not a small amount.


He knew that the law firm was on to him. And he, he knew also that his father was dying. The, the patriarch of this family who had also loaned him a million dollars over time and who he had just been texting with his, his buddy at the bank, oh, I'm gonna get another loan from my dad for some money. He was short and he, his dad was dying. He knew this, this, this lawsuit was pending about his financials. He had been confronted over the missing money and he also knew that Paul was a mess. I mean, sadly and may he rests in peace. Paul's actions, drunken actions did not cease with a boat wreck. There was, there's testimony and, and that even just 10 days before he was killed, he was on a boat drinking, taking some people out, and, and he had to call his father to get out of it.


So Paul's behavior was in, was not deescalating, if anything, his, his behavior was getting worse. So yes, I think that the, the state made a really effective argument that he needed to do something to become, instead of the object of suspicion, an object of sympathy. And what more would do that except becoming a, instead of a, instead of somebody, a thief, a potential thief, a grieving father, a a grieving husband, someone who was the victim of a horrible crime. And, and for months he was right. It completely changed the subject. And he had, prior to getting arrested, done what I guess it was his great-grandfather did, which was attempt to create a suicide situation that would lead to an insurance payout.


I mean, now it's like kind of all connecting. It's all connecting and it really is extraordinary. So, so over the course of the summer of 2021, he did almost get away with the murder of Maggie and Paul. He really did. And he almost got away with the thefts that he's now admitted to dozens and dozens of people, millions and millions of dollars million by, You know, getting, borrowing more money, borrowing money from his best friend Chris Wilson borrowing money from, from the getting, getting fronted money and trying to repay the $792,000 back, back to the law firm, which he did. And they stopped. They kind of let let it go until, and that goes in July. And in August until the, the Thursday before Labor Day weekend, his paralegal is in his office looking for some paperwork, which she knows he doesn't like, but she really needed it.


She lifts up this folder, finds the check that was missing, that proved that he had been stealing. So what happens then is the gig is up. Alex confronted by his brother, his law partner, and many other law partners, and they say, you've been stealing, we've got evidence you've been stealing from the firm, you have to go. So he gets fired that Friday of Labor Day weekend. And what happens the next morning, Saturday morning, he tries to fake his own death on the side of the road. And what he said was an insurance fraud attempt to, to get money for his surviving son Buster. But what really looks like another way to change the subject, just like he had done back June 7th with the homicides of his wife and son.


The holidays are all about sharing with family meals, couches, stories, grandma secret pecan buy recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are. So You don't have to go from room to room to find out who wants cranberry sauce or whether you should get mini marshmallows for the yams or collecting votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart and then share the meals and the moments. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


Hey, it's Tucker Carlson. We are proud to provide a venue for Oliver Stone's son Sean, who's a friend of ours and also a filmmaker. His latest documentary series called All the President's Minutes. It's a multi-part series in which he explains in vivid detail how the first Trump administration, 2016 to 2020 was subverted from the very first day by the deep state who picked off one by one members of the then President's Inner Circle and some of them are still on the scene. You will see in-depth interviews with, for example, cash Patel, who was the incoming president's new FBI director with Mike Flynn and many other people You know, whose whole stories you may not have heard before.


It's an amazing series. All the President's men by Sean Stone playing right now on tucker carlson.com. We're proud to have it. We think you'll like it.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free, Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Do we think he did not intend to die then when that, that guy who was next to homeless, I mean that guy seemed, You know, not like a sophisticated character when he got him to quote shoot him, but it just grazed his head. That was always so confusing to me. I'm like, was this some sort of a sharp shooter? How did the guy manage to actually barely connect with him to the point where it looked like he actually had been shot at, but not so much that he actually killed him? Yeah, no, there, there, there are many theories about what happened actually at the side of the road, but, but the man you're talking about, Curtis, Eddie Smith will tell you, and he said it and he is like, if I'd shot him, he'd have been dead.


So that what he believes happened is there was a struggle, that there was a struggle over the gun. And he has said he thinks that Elec was trying to frame him, that they were, they were struggling over the gun and maybe Elec was going to, You know, elec was bigger, elec was 6 4, 200 pounds. May he, can he overpower this, this in Curtis, Eddie Smith is his cousin. Eddie is a, a smaller guy. He's been out on disability for a number of years. Elec was his disability lawyer. And then frame him. And you remember when Dick Harpole and Jim Griffin, Alex's lawyers, they said in court filings, they're like, You know, the real killer is Eddie Smith. He was the one who killed Maggie and Paul.


And so one of the theories is that Elec may have been trying to kill Eddie and then say, see, he was coming after me to kill me the same way that he killed my wife and son. Mm sense. And it's strange, I dunno if you remember, but he was paying, he was paying, Eddie was, was cashing a lot of checks for Eck over a number of years. And the checks accelerated that summer, that hundreds of thousands of dollars that Elec was, was effectively paying Eddie in a way. So was he gonna say he was blackmailing me? Look at these payments. There, there are multiple ways to look at what actually happened there. But one of them is that if you look at the, the, the photos and, and the defense released the, the photos.


They signed a HIPAA release and released all the photos. There, there, there are people locally that say that's not a cut in his head, he fell and that's the gravel on the side of the road that's that's that caused him to, to be cut. But one thing I should add about, because Eddie is that he's actually a cousin. I rem I, I could not believe it, but if you go back more than a hundred years to the Civil War, Alex's great-great-grandfather. So Randolph Sr's father was a, was an officer in, in the, this the, in the Southern army. And so was Eddie's great-great-grandfather. And they were brothers. Wow. His great great-grandfather was named Lazarus Murdoch.


He was, he was a, what they call a fire reader. So he was an especially virulent anti, he was, he was anti-union. He made these, these, these incredible speeches that got picked up by national media and actually were read by Abraham Lincoln. So Eddie is he, he says, he's like, I'm half Murdoch and he's right there. He's he's a Partner. Wow. Yeah. Do we know extraordinary. Do we ever figure out, and by the way, just for the audience, I'm talking today to Valerie Bline, she wrote the book, The Devil at His Elbow, Alex Murdoch and the Fall of a Southern Dynasty. Do we know where all the money went? This is one of the mysteries, right? It just seemed like Alec was taking in so much money via fraud from the law firm, the clients and so on.


Yeah. And where did it go? Like it seemed like he claimed he just spent it on drugs, but it, it, the conclusion by many was always how many drugs could that, could he possibly have taken, he took in more than he could ever have spent? Was the layperson conclusion on the, on the funding? No, and I think, I think, You know, one of the key voices in the book is Blanca Simpson, who was the house, the housekeeper at Melle for many years. And I think the evidence establishes that Elec was using drugs, but I think there's no evidence that he was using the, the amount of drugs and opioids in particular that he says he was. And I had the benefit of, of 10 years of spending.


I could see his through some federal exhibits. I could see what he and Maggie spent over the course of 10 years down to like when they, when they would go to the Honey Bake ham store at Thanksgiving, you could see what that expenditure was. And what was so shocking about it, and I think we probably know people like this in our own lives, is as soon as money came in the door, it went out. He, he was, he was overdrawn tens of thousands of dollars multiple times in a year. Maggie would have to call him and say, can you call the bank? I need to be able to, I'm at the grocery store, I need to be able to cash this check. I need to be able to, to pay for my groceries. He just, this, what Was he spending it on? You know, it's, it's, it's extraordinary. It was, You know, they would take a private plane to a USC bowl game when instead of flying first class or, You know, they, they Blanca told me, and, and their farm equipment out on Melle, which is 1700 acres, a huge, huge property twice the size of Central Park.


And rather than fix, You know, a big piece of heavy equipment, they would just put gallons of oil in it every day. So he was spending hundreds of dollars on oil. It was just, you, you, it, it's hard to even understand where the money was going, but there is missing money, You know, millions of dollars. The Feds say that's still missing. So he spent a lot of it, he spent some of it on drugs. He, I think there is, I do subscribe to the idea that he buried some of it at Melle and PVC pipes. I've talked with people who've been there Oh wow. When those pipes have been dug up. But that you can't, I mean, cash is tough. It's tough to bury, You know, millions of dollars in, in, in dirt over time. There is a, a theory and I think the feds have been per pursuing it, that, that some of the money is offshore and, and was he gonna run that summer?


Is is one of the ideas. But there's, there's, there's the feds say about $6 million that's still missing. So Yeah, that, that makes more sense that, that we've got millions missing than that. He spent it all on, on the drugs. Alright, so then we go to trial. He, he does wind up arrested. This all comes out. There is the moment he is found guilty, actually we have that, let's just watch that Stop. 51, The state of South Carolina, county of Colton in the court of general sessions, the July term of 2022. The state versus Richard Alexander Murdoch, defendant indictment for murder.


SC code 16 dash three dash 0 1 0 CDR code 0 1 1 6 verdict guilty signed by the four lady. Okay. And that's interesting for a few reasons. One, he was found guilty, two old Becky Hill reading the verdict would come to play a major role in this story, which no one knew at the time, but Becky almost got this verdict thrown out because of her behavior behind the scenes with the jurors. And could it still her behavior get this verdict thrown out? Is that totally settled? I know that we had a hearing in which a different judge said no, I'm not throwing out the verdict, but could that be reversed on appeal?


I imagine Alex lawyers are taking that up. No, it's, it's incredible to watch that footage. I was sitting there that night and I, I I was leaning forward on the edge of my seat just listening to it. 'cause I remember that emotion and, and, and all of the docket numbers and numbers were like, but what's the answer? So, right. You Know, spit it out. So, but we had been in that courtroom, it's very tight corners. It's it the, these soaring ceilings. It's, it was built in, it was designed in the 1820s, but very tight quarters. And we had been in there every day for six weeks. And by we, I mean the, the lawyers, the law enforcement officers, the jury, the, the murdochs, they were across the aisle from me. I could, You know, exchange pleasantries every day.


And so it was an extraordinary result to be there that night. And listen to the verdict read by Becky. And Becky was really like the den mother of the courtroom because the clerk of court makes sure the jury has lunch, make sure that the press has the c credentials or, You know, do they, there's so many people in downtown Walterboro didn't have places to eat. What about food trucks, which they ultimately bought in. She was sort of the, the, the principal of an elementary school is what it felt like a little bit. So it's surreal for Becky to be the, the center of so much scrutiny. But what that scrutiny is about is her relationships and potential talking outta school with members of the jury, many of whom she knew beforehand.


And many of the jurors knew each other. It's a small town. I always, I always, You know, I'm from, I'm from a relatively small town myself in the south. And You know, if you had a hundred people in church the day before, jury selection, You know, five of them would've gotten a jury summons. So, You know, people knew each other and the jury wasn't sequestered, everybody in town knew who they were. And Becky, You know, knew a lot of them personally. And so the question was, did she talk to them outta school and did she say things that would prejudice, prejudice them against lec, particularly when he took the stand. And I write this, this in the Book and jurors come forward to say yes. To say, at least one of them said she influenced my verdict. And it is, it is a small town.


And we talked a little bit about the bootlegging case involving old Buster, You know, it's extraordinary. But Becky's grandmother and grandfather and her uncle who was a teenager were charged federally charged with felony, with felonies in that bootlegging ring. They were on Buster's payroll. Oh boy. And she, everything Is connected. Everything's connected there. But to your question, Megan, I think that we did have a first answer that the, there was a hearing back in January where the former chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Jean Toll, was asked by her former colleagues on the Supreme Court to take a listen to this request for new trial. She denied it, but the defense is appealing it back to the Supreme Court. They've agreed to hear it, even though it seems unlikely they will overturn their own special, the person that they trusted with this decision.


And then also they're, they're very close allies with Judge Newman who presided over the, the initial proceeding. He's very tight with, with the, the Chief Justice Don Beatty. So I, I spoke with Dick, I saw him recently in Columbia, Dick Harpo. And, and they see their best chance at a new trial at the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond. Just a little bit further removed from South Carolina, which is so, such a small state. And, and, and getting fresh ears at this idea of not just did, did Becky Hill say things to the jurors that were prejudicial, but also did the state apply the wrong standard? And and it was a degree that was, it's a measure of degrees. Like yes, we acknowledged that she talked with a jury, but did it, did it move the needle?


And so what they hope is that the, the federal court will apply a different standard Yeah. That they, they're gonna argue they were held to, to too high a burden of proof to exactly to prove jury tampering and that a lower standard should have been applied, which would've allowed them to prove jury pr tampering, which would allow him to get a new trial. The justice to was great. When she came in and held that hearing over Becky Hill, the allegations against Becky Hill just got weirder. And Justice, justice Toll, I will say was, I'm sorry she was, she's just such an extraordinary figure in South Carolina history. I I used to cover South Carolina politics when I was a reporter at the state newspaper in Columbia. And, and she was the chief Justice at the time, former speaker of the house. She's been in public life there for 60 years and came was a young lawyer.


And this is so extraordinary to me, was a young lawyer in a di in a time when women weren't even allowed to serve on a jury until 1968. Wow. And so she was, yeah. So she was talking to all male Juries. She, when she was up there, I say this lovingly, she, she seemed like a tough old broad in the best sense, You know, like she wasn't gonna tolerate any She hear you say that. And she, and she knew the Murdoch. She knew the Murdoch and she had actually both in the legislature, I told, I talked with her about this both in the legislature and on the bench, had had pushed for laws that would, would, would kind of claw back some of the power that they were using, You know, inappropriately in her view.


So she knew the Murdochs quite well over the course of, of decades. Yeah. She, she made the comment about Becky Hill that would become very well known. Here it is, 52, I find that the clerk of court is not completely credible as a witness. Ms. Hill was attracted by the Siren Call of celebrity. She wanted to write a book about the trial and expressed that as early as November, 2022, long or before the trial began. And that led to bad behavior by Becky Hill, which got this whole thing, You know, mucked up. But do you remember, can you, I'm just, it's been a while since we've covered this, but she also has a son who worked in the courthouse and there was an allegation about him wiping his phone and wiping her phone on the day that they were supposed to turn them over for an internal ethics investigation.


It smelled too high. Heaven, You know, it is, I think it's, if you're not from a small town in the rural south, maybe it just, it, it, it boggles the mind. But her son was the information technology director for the county. And that was, You know, it's a, she's an elected official. She she is, she is, but she's also, You know, politically powerful and some of those jobs are patronage jobs. And he was, he was in that role and is, You know, accused of, of tapping the phone of an admin, county administrator that was communicating with the state ethics board to try to find out what was going on in the investigation with his mother.


There were all sorts of wiping the phone, which, You know, his, the lawyers will tell you is a fairly standard move in some defense cases, but it high looked highly irregular to a layperson. Yeah, I mean, it's funny because it's such a big case, it captivated so much attention that the center ring of the circus is really Alec Murdoch in the, in the trial. But we're, we, there's so many outer rings with the, with the Mallory Beach case for example. There's another case that's ongoing about whether the convenience store where Paul bought beer, whether the owner of that convenience store has been trying to harass the beach family over the years that's been going on for several years.


Becky is, is facing an investigation into her behavior. And that's been going on. So we're in multiple layers of drama with this story. And it's just incredible. Like the layers, I remember sitting in court and watching LEC at during a break. He was, You know, six feet away from me and he's the center of this. He's the eye of this hurricane and there's so much swirling around him that one person could stir up so much chaos is really amazing. So now here we are where he's appealing, he's gonna argue Becky Hill mucked up the trial to the point where he gets another trial. We don't love the chances, but one never knows. And in the meantime, the wrongful death lawsuit that Mallory Beach's family brought against Alec is that totally resolved?


That was the, the, the, the remnants of that were resolved this week with a $500,000 payment from her, from the, from Alec insurer that had been tied up and that was paid to the lawyers this past, the paper was filed this past Monday. So that case is, is pretty well wrapped up. Did the family, did the family get a a payment too? The family did it la not this past summer, but summer of 22, they, I'm sorry, summer of 23, they received a, a payment largely from Parker's convenience store. This this convenience store where Paul ba beer on the order of $14 million. So it was a significant civil judgment that, and, and, and I learned a lot in about personal injury law in the course of this, of reporting this book.


But, You know, the personal injury, this was considered, You know, what is, what was Mallory's life worth? It is blood money. Right. And so it was, it's a, it's a, it's a difficult fact of personal injury law that the more money that you get paid is a reflection of, of what, You know, a jury might think your your, your loved one's life Is worth. Yeah, I'm sure it's a, it's a special form of sentencing for you because every time you get into the car that money bought or the bed that money paid for, yeah, it's gotta make you feel awful. And and they will Tell you, and they will and they will tell you, Mrs, You know, Pamela Pinkney, Hakeem Pinckney's mother Hakeem was the, the paraplegic teenager who, who died in a nursing home and was robbed by Alex Murdaugh twice.


She would tell you she would give back all of it for, for time with her son. It's just, it's this, it's the, the proxy we have in our judicial system to, to make a family as whole as possible, knowing that nothing really ever will. So what, if anything is happening with the other piece of this story, which is the possible Murder. There's only one other piece I feel like there's by, by Buster Al Paul's older brother of a young gay classmate who was killed on the road. But there's just only speculation that it was Buster Murdoch not actual proof, and they were going to reopen that investigation in the wake of all of this.


Where does that stand? Well, You know, you, you mentioned the, the missing money. There's also the question of the missing guns and the homicide. But the biggest unanswered question is what happened to Steven Smith? He was the, he was the 19-year-old young man who was found in the middle of a road in the summer of 2015. In the, the course of the investigation, the Murdoch name came up 40 different times. People would say one of the boys or another of was involved somehow. But I should be clear, there is no evidence that Buster or Paul, there's no, there's no proof that either one of them had anything to do with the death of this young man. Buster has gone so far to say, You know, to that there's, he had nothing to do with it. He wasn't close to it wasn't there that evening.


And he's even sued some of the documentary filmmakers on who have, who he alleges have, have, have said that he had a role in some way, shape or Form. They certainly have laid those breadcrumbs. It, but the, but it is, You know, you can go through the, You know, it's, it's 90 some pages of, of a, of a police report where the name comes up over and over again in very, in very strange ways. So there's always been a rumor that the Murdochs were involved somehow in his death or in making it impossible to find out who was who, who killed him. But I can tell you that the state grand jury has been still been meeting over this case and taking and try and is eager to figure it out. It is one that is, it's still haunts Hampton County.


So we, it, we may never know, but it won't be for lack of interviews and lack of trying 'cause they're act actively working the case from what I understand. So in the time we have left, what's, what life like right now for Buster Murdoch, the one who the son who's entire family is, has been killed or is now in jail. And for Alec Murdoch who is living this life of excess and now is convicted of double homicide, not to mention all the fraud charges that were brought against him separately, which he was also found guilty on. No, it's very poignant. I was, I've mentioned, I was in Hampton last week and went by the cemetery and I saw ma it took, it took a while, but Maggie and Paul's gravestones have been put up and people will leave flowers there.


There's a ceramic dog that was, that looks like Bubba, the, the yellow lab that belonged to the family that's there. And most pointed of all, it's, You know, on on on Maggie's headstone it says, You know, Margaret Branstad or Murdoch mother, and on Paul's it says Paul Terry Murdoch son. And it's, it's incredible that that is how you be defined. But the, the person I was with said, what happens to Alec, You know, where is he in this picture? So will he be remembered as a father? Will he be remembered as the person that that killed him? But he's in, he's in prison in the upstate. He has acclimated to prison life.


Well, according to what I'm told, and by that I mean he has Elec Murdoch is a type of a person who works the system and he has, he has relationships. He does, he's, he's a disbarred lawyer, but he's a law. He knows the law and he helps other inmates with their questions. He's, he's using his notoriety to, to to, to his benefit. He, he was, You know, accused by, or, You know, he, they, the prisons, system of prisons found that he had been, You know, essentially bribing other inmates to let him use their pin number to make phone calls. He, he's figuring things out on the inside, but he will never, ever see the light of day, even if there's another trial.


In the homicide case, the state effectively got an insurance policy. You remember back in November when he pled guilty to those dozens of financial crimes and they got a sentence that will take him, keep him in prison until he's roughly 80 years old. So the, regardless of if whether the homicide is overturned, as for Buster, my understanding is, You know, he's, he's living in Bluffton, the community just, You know, adjacent to Beaufort with his, his fiance is a woman who was in court with him every day. His, his girlfriend from law school who is a lawyer, he got a substantial settlement from his mother's estate, roughly $500,000. There's a payment i I document in the book where he participated in a documentary and, and got several hundred thousand dollars from that.


So he has a small amount, not, not a, sorry, not a small, but You know, significant amount of money to, to, You know, start a life. Although it is difficult to see how he does so separate from his family, because his last name's Murdoch and he's got that red hair. He's so just, he, he, it, it would be hard with that, that name and that hair to make an make a new life. You'd have to go someplace else. I mean, there's a brother. Yeah, Alex brother seemed non sociopathic. I perhaps there's some hope there. I don't know. Raised by that man with that family lineage that's, Well, and you, you're right about his, his brothers, his, his older brother, Randy and his younger brother, John Marvin are still in the community as well.


You know, I was at, I went by the law firm the other day and his brother is older. Brother Randy is a partner there and is actively working cases. His younger brother, John Marvin. One runs a heavy equipment business. And As you go down the main drag from Lincoln, Hampton and Vaudeville, you see Murdoch rentals right there. So they're still in the community and, and, and, and, You know, well regarded to a degree, but I think that everything's changed with, with, with a downfall. Is Anyone living at the estate where it happened? So Elle is the estate where it happened, it actually has been sold and it's been sold in two pieces that the house itself was sold along with roughly 20 acres to, to an out-of-state buyer that whose name was not revealed.


And the, the, the delta, the other acreage was sold to a, a neighboring landowner who wanted, who wanted the land. You know, it is, I went by there the other day too, just to, to take a look. I had been onto the property during the trial. I had accompanied the jury on their, their visit to see the place. It still feels, it still seems like a, there's a heaviness in the air out there that it is still a haunted place. Really? Dick Harley said so, and, and I, You know, and I felt it as well. Always will be. Wow. Great reporting. Valerie. Thank you. It's, her name is Valerie Bline and the book again is the Devil at His Elbow, Alex Murdaugh and the Fall of a Southern Dynasty.


Google it, check it out, devil at his elbow. Thank you so much for coming on and telling us the story and the updates. Thank you so much for having me. Thanks for joining us today and have a very happy New Year. We will be back later this week with some major updates in the Scott Peterson case. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.