
Get the Honda of your dreams during Happy Honda days. Whether it's a rugged new passport pilot with available all-wheel drive or powerful ridgeline, turn your dream Honda into reality during Happy Honda days for a limited time, well-qualified buyers can get a 1.9% a PRA 2025 Honda passport and a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 pilot or ridgeline. See dealer For financing details.


Holiday magic is in the air, and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DS w store near you or dsw.com.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, Everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan and Kelly show. And happy Monday. It's Thanksgiving week. Can I tell you, it's kind of weird for me because we already celebrated Thanksgiving. We, we do it every year, or we call it fakes giving because it's much easier to get my whole family together on a day other than the day. And so we did it. And so I kind of feel like everybody's just playing catchup at this point. Come on, let's get going. And actually, it had the added benefit of adding a bunch more days in between Thanksgiving and Christmas for me, which is kind of convenient shopping wise, et cetera.


In any event, I look forward to having the day off and to hearing about how all of you celebrate this Thursday. What's it gonna be? Football, delicious snacks that you don't eat for the rest of the year. I mean, like, I literally think it's the only day of the year I ever eat stuffing or cranberry sauce. What other day do you eat that? Do you guys eat that other than on Thanksgiving? Anyway, let me know megan@megankelly.com. On this particular Monday before Thanksgiving, president-elect Donald Trump's cabinet is now complete. All that's left is the confirmation process that ought be fun. And even the Trump hating media is admitting that this is the most ideologically diverse cabinet ever.


One nominee is even getting praised from Randy Weingarten, which is not, not, not good. It's not good. We'll get into it. And also, the Surgeon General's getting big praise from one of the COVID Nazis who was in total lockstep with Anthony Fauci. Also not good. There is a new poll from CBS News showing massive support for President-elect Trump from the American public right now. Wah wah, that's gonna upset the media. They're not gonna like that, and they, they will do their level best to turn that around just as quickly as they can. Joining me today for the full show, it's Stu and Ste Stu Burguiere. He is the host of Stu Does America for Blaze tv.


And Stephen l Miller is a contributed eng editor at the Spectator and host of the Versus Media podcast. He's also known as at Red Ste on X,


looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an awesome gift, beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. It's so unique, right? And it's tasty and handcrafted. This is perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. It's not your typical salt. Each stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild. That would be me to wow, that could be you. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays, there's always a chance that they're gonna run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift, but don't wait too long or you might miss out. Firecracker farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful, and unforgettable. Get yours today@firecrackerfarm.com.


Guys, welcome back. Thanks Megan. Good to see you. I, I have stuffing four days a week. Seriously? Do You know? I dunno why you guys don't, Do you ever like literally on any other day of the year, do you have stuffing? Sure, it's great with chicken. Like you just get the stove top stuff. I do this one from scratch, but yeah, why not? It's, oh, you make Wonderful it home. Okay. Yeah. Happy. You're describing an American failure here. A cultural failure. We should be eating more stuffing, more cranberry sauce. Yeah, like I, We should be having Thanksgiving like twice a week. The Brits have Sunday night roast dinner. I mean, we can, we can steal that tradition from them. Make America healthier. A lot of Green beans.


I don't know. And pumpkin pie, that's another thing. It's a one time a year. Am I wrong? I don't eat pie. Pumpkin pie has a season. I think you get the se it's Thanksgiving to Christmas. I feel like I have it at Christmas sometimes too. But you're right, it's no, No, I'm wrong. You're, no, you're doing it wrong. You're do it allowed to have pumpkin pie on thanksgiving and cranberry sauce. Wait a minute, Ste. You're not having cranberry sauce on any day other than Thanksgiving. Are you? Sometimes Yeah. It's great. Like Turkey sandwiches and stuff like that. Yeah, The kind You know there's only one kind. It's the the kind You get outta the can and you slice them with a knife and those, they fall over.


Yeah. I mean, my culture is not your You know snack here. Okay? So no, you, you just get some cranberries, you throw some bourbon, some orange juice, some brown sugar, and do a thing and, and simmer it. And it's great. It lasts for like two weeks. Don't, Don't be the guy who's overstepping us and saying, you make your own cranberry sauce. I do. Don't, don't do that. Don't you dare. Just like, just like the pilgrims did. I dunno if you saw that on Twitter. I was re I was researching, I was researching cranberry sauce recipe, like I was just like looking at some stuff. And. it came across a website that had a land acknowledgement in the blurb about cranberry sauce. It basically said, You know the cranberries were here when the Cullen and the colonizers came And, it came from Europeans and to give to the natives whose land we are on to this day.


And I'm like, ma'am, I don't need a land acknowledgement for cranberry sauce. Imagine sitting there at the table, And it and someone says, this is, this is great cranberry sauce. How, where did you buy? Did you make this? Well, it's a long story. Please sit down because it goes back to our indigenous tribes And, and abuse. It's funny because I have tried, my audience has heard these stories, but many times over the years to cook a Thanksgiving dinner, even though I don't cook, and every single time it's been an utter disaster, including a fire when John O. Hurley of Seinfeld fame and his beautiful wife Lisa, both of whom are dear friends of ours, were over and we almost set our house on fire, which is when John O. Hurley yelled out.


I've got Sean's George on speed dial, which is a fancy restaurant in New York. Anyway, yeah. Now that I'm hosting like an extended family, I mean, I don't even try, everybody knows no one will come if they found out I was doing the cooking. So I, I hire a caterer and well, I've done it different ways. I've, or I've gotten the food You know at the grocery store in advances. But then I screwed that up one year, I left half of the groceries at the Whole Foods. So by the time we got to actual Thanksgiving dinner, I only had half of the stuff with a fair poultry serving. Okay? But anyway, now this year I hired a caterer second year in a row. And can I tell you what's great about it? If you get the caterer to do your Thanksgiving dinner like three weeks before Thanksgiving, everyone's available.


They're cheap, relatively speaking, everyone's ready to help because it's not Thanksgiving. It was so much easier. You're gonna, you're gonna have to start checking the immigration status of some of those caterers now because they're going gone according to the Libs who think that we're just deporting housekeepers and crop pickers and food washers and everything like that. That's one of my favorite things that they just stumble into. So just make sure, make sure You know you, you, you have one that's legal You know this year. I mean, I that's a Mr. Trump Isn't mis mis, Mr. Trump isn't gonna allow those next year. So just so we're all clear. Okay, so anyway, that's Thanksgiving. We've got that covered. Now let's, we might as well begin with the unfair attacks on our wonderful profession of journalism.


Joe Scarborough this morning is outraged And. I do mean outraged about people attacking the press as a factual no and unimportant. He's, he's had about enough of this guys, Stu, take a listen to him speaking with Axios. Jim Vander High. Here's what happened. Vander High made some remarks at the National Press Club. I guess he got an award and then he got up there and You know performed a nice act on the, the press that were there, like you matter. And then Joe Scarborough Scarborough did his best imitation of J-Lo with her same messaging in advance of the election 2024. You matter.


You matter. Here he is. Listen, Elon Musk sits on Twitter every day or ex today saying like, we are the media. You are the media. My message to Elon Musk is bullshit. You're not the media like being a reporter's hard, really hard. No, it's not. You have to care. You have to do the hard work. You have to get up every single day and say, I want to get to the closest approximation of the truth without any fear, without any favoritism. You don't do that by popping off on Twitter. You don't do that by having an opinion. You do it by doing the hard work.


Yeah, come on, slow clap. They're clapping, they're clapping on the set of morning, Joe, you, it's very hard, very hard super gear to sit there as Joe Joe Scarborough does each morning and say, best Biden ever, ever. Two months before we saw him implode on the debate stage, He's sharp as a tack. And they nailed that coverage the entire time. In fact, they told us all the way up to the very end how sharp he was until the second they decided to turn on their journalism skills and, and create a new golden era of journalism. That lasted approximately two weeks until Kamala Harris had the nomination. Because that's basically what happened. I, it's funny that for those two weeks, they really did do their jobs like that.


Like they actually were really impressive. They were able to, to suss out every single backroom rumor about You know every single time Donald or Joe Biden had fallen down in the middle of some fundraiser, every politician or celebrity that was there, they knew every little detail they knew all of a sudden that he hadn't met with a, with his cabinet in over a year. All this stuff they were able to suss out in a couple of weeks. The second they believed it would help them and that he was now hurting them. And of course then they went right back to praising Kamala and acting like she was wonderful the entire time. It it's pathetic. And it You know, it's funny because when he, he talks about You know journalism is not just popping off on Twitter.


First of all, they're all there, they're all doing that. I, I see them. I'm on Twitter, And I, see all these journalists there popping off all the time with their non journalistic opinions. This entire election to me, more than anything else, was an experiment into, to see if the mainstream media still had that power. Could they convince Americans that actually no, the last four years were great. Actually, omics was working. Actually, the border wasn't that big of a deal. Actually, the Afghanistan thing went well, exactly how they planned it to go. Actually, he was as sharp as attack. And what we found out was it doesn't work anymore. Yes, the media still has influence. Yes, it can still do things, but they are no longer capable of taking America by the caller and dragging it to the solution that they desire.


That is something they're feeling real, real panic about. I mean, this has been their entire lives to, to grow up, to be a journalist, to be able to take American opinion and and form it to your every women desire that is dead. And that's what Elon's talking about. And he's right. It's no accident, Steven, that you have Jen pki the night that Kamala lost saying, we've gotta take a real look at these social media influencers and the, the digital lane and think about regulating them because they played a major role in this election and it's wrong. And now you're having all these articles done about alternative places for, for news like podcasts and how dangerous this is.


And then you have Van De High who is co-founded Axios and Scarborough going off about how, what, what M-S-N-B-C does matters. And here's a little bit more of Joe Scarborough doing that Continues to need to be said when all of the garbage is flying around on social media, lying about reporters lying about the hard work they do. I'm saying why, why this is so important right now more than ever is because critics of the press are feeling more empowered than ever. Yeah. To lie more than ever. I know what you do matters. What the New York Times does matters. What the Wall Street Journal does matters.


What Jonathan lame does matters. What the Financial Times does, matters. What NBC news and M-S-N-B-C reporters do matters. So you stir up shit and you, you, you, the more you can get people angry, the more followers you get. But also now it's monetized right? To help you lie. The more you hate, the More you Make. Yeah. There you go. I like, Hey, up for you next week that'll go viral. Okay. Joy Reed was literally saying that if Trump won, they were gonna start locking up brown people. So maybe spare me on the lectures of you stir people up and then make money there.


It's no accident that MSNBC's ratings are in the toilet. They're being spun off because reputationally, they're a nightmare for Comcast and NBC. These are the biggest losers at the party with their little pocket squares. And they've been spun off to go sit in the part with the non-alcohol punch. And they're still trying to tell us, Steve, that they're the main people at the party and they matter. There's no prom king without me. Yeah. I mean, morning Joe's just basically performing the news and that's kind of their whole shtick. It's You know, they're, they believe they exist in some kind of errand ized universe where they are the most important character of the entire media ecosphere and, and they're just not anymore.


And as someone who partakes in media criticism for a career for my podcast, I've said, You know these people have the least amount of influence I've ever seen in my life. And that's something that I kind of push out there to a lot of other influencers on the right. Like that it's, it's okay to admit that, yeah, these people upset you and they, they are professional performers, they're professional liars. But this election, like Stu said, was really a referendum on all of that stuff. What they're doing isn't working. And Jim Van Heis interesting. He was one of the guys who walked around post-election You know, going to places like M-S-N-B-C, going to places like Politico and just saying You know it's really hard to find good journalists out there. You know, it's, it's a hard industry.


And Jim Vanna Axios has not hired anybody from say, the free beacon who broke the story of Claudine Gay's plagiarism. They should get a Pulitzer for that story and they won't. So it's not that there aren't good reporters, it's that these guys are locked inside of their own, I hate to say the cliche, their own calcified bubble where we can't go hire a good reporter from say, the free beacon. We can't go hire a good reporter from the daily caller who will report on pro-life issues. They froze out half of the country and now they're complaining that half of the country's not listening to them. And as, as far as Twitter X is concerned, Harry Anton from CNN just had a poll where he showed that Twitter x and x as the platform as it exists now is as ideologically balanced as it ever has been.


It's 48% left, 47% Right-leaning. And they can't take that. They lost 20% of the conversation and they all packed their bags and then went and colonized another social media platform like they always do. And so that's really what this is about. And so, yeah, morning Joe sitting there pounding his fist on the table, it just does not resonate like this would have two years ago because Joe Scarborough believed he had the ear of the White House and he did. And this is what they have to show for it now. Yeah. But he doesn't have the ear of anybody who is in the center or right of center anymore. He's he's trying to worm, yeah, he's trying to worm his way back into Trump world.


Everybody knows what that little play date at Mar-a-Lago was about. They, they see ratings with Trump. And so I I predicted by the time this month is out or by December is out, he's gonna have Donald Trump calling his show again and to get all the people at CNN, the Brian SELs and everyone talking about it and getting on their typewriters. And that's, that's gonna be the business model. And that's why you're seeing some of these traditional outlets decide, oh, maybe we should talk to Hitler instead of just You know calling him Hitler. And so it was all a show. Trump can't save him. Trump, Trump calling into, I would agree with that morning. Joe cannot save morning. They, they've already exposed themselves Stew as just in the tank for the other side and full of loathing for the other side.


And there is no one who is center, right, who's going to say, oh, I'm gonna give them a fresh look because Donald Trump sat down with him. Everyone in America in the world knows that Trump's oxygen is news coverage and will understand if he goes on that show, it's because he loves to see himself talked about in the news. And if he can get these worms into giving him good coverage by giving them an interview every once in a while, he'll do that. But no one's going to be think, oh, I'll reevaluate them now that Trump sat with them for 15. No, no, absolutely. In fact, I think if anything, it's, it's the opposite. Like it's, people will see through it And it, their own audience who is incentivized for them to be saying anything negative about Donald Trump will hate them for it.


I mean, I it's a really strange move honestly for them to go talk to Donald Trump because if anything, it provides their audience it reason to dislike them more. Because if they see them as kissing up to Donald Trump, it's probably bad for them. Right? There's no one who's on M-S-N-B-C looking for actual coverage of the news. That's not why you go to that place. Maybe some people go to CNN for that still. Nobody goes to M-S-N-B-C for that. And who's gonna be in incentivized by this? The person who says You know what? Wow, we really blew this and we missed something serious with the American people. The their social media following isn't going to You know to praise them for that You know joy Reed is the type of person who gets rewarded out of a situation like this because she will get more and more extreme.


She'll double down. She'll say, the reason we lost is because of racism and sexism and You know trans phom or whatever other thing they're gonna accuse people of and their followers will praise them for it. And You know what if they did try to have a real reckoning, their audience would push back on them, I think enough so that someone else would step into that role and take over the cheerleader for whatever left wing fantasy they want The nerve, the nerve that they would try to distinguish. Because you heard there at Jim, what Jim Vande high saying, talking about the importance of a free press and slamming opinionated influencers who are popping off on Twitter.


He's so angry about those who just pop off on Twitter. And then Scarborough too looking at them saying, You know like we here at M-S-N-B-C, we matter as if we should look at Russia, Russia, Russia, Rachel Maddow, Russia, Maddow, and Joy Reed, who all she does is spew racist tropes. That's it. That's all she does is spew racism about Donald Trump. Not to mention the rest of their pathetic lineup, we should be looking at them as the credible ones. It's very irritating to them that there are people on X who have a platform and people in the digital lane like us that have a platform that others are listening to because that's not f you see, and by the way, many of us are reporters, are journalists and would put our credentials up against anyone up and down that lineup any day of the week.


These same outlets. I'll just speak about the one Axios because it's Jim Vande high up there, Steve, it was his outlet that was trying to say Kamala Harris was never the border czar. That is a title she never actually had. Quoting here from an article by Steph w Knight, July 24th, 2024, you go back to April 14th, 2021, Axios Kamala Harris was appointed by Biden as border czar. Then June 23rd, 2021, Kamala Harris was put in charge by Joe Biden of solving the migrant surge at the southern border. But as soon as she declares for president, she was never the border czar.


And then when she got slammed online for this ridiculousness, they added an editor's note. This article has been updated and clarified to note that Axios was among the news outlets that incorrectly labeled Harris a border czar. And these are the people who wanna lecture the rest of us. Yeah, that was a, that was a pretty good example. And the other one, You know Stu brought up is we were told for months and months even by Kamala Harris and Nancy Pelosi, how sharp Joe Biden was. They smeared Robert Hur when her described him as he did in that her report, which seemed to be more generous as more stuff comes out and even up to the fact where he has Joe Biden has to be pushed off the stage by Barack Obama and Obama's own advisors said, well, that's not really what happened.


They're just really good friends. I, I had an eyewitness account on my podcast who saw Biden at Normandy and just said, this guy's gone. His brain is applesauce. An eyewitness person said this. We were all called conspiracy theorists. We were called Chief fake artists right up until the moment when they couldn't hide him anymore on the debate stage, And I thought, what was interesting, Semafore Media run by Ben Smith, formerly buzzfeed, they went and they talked to the pod Save America bros about what happened with Joe Biden. And I thought, how come you guys aren't reaching out to the people who have been saying this for the last three years? Where is the apology from the se force, from the Axios, from the M bcs? Great point. Like, like you said, Joe, Joe Scarborough saying this is the best Biden we've ever seen.


And then two weeks later, like it never happened. He's like, he needs to get out and they move on And, then they expect the rest of us to just not notice. And that was kind of how incensed I got with that whole thing. It's like there's some of us that Axios and the media might disagree with because we're on the political right, but we were right about Biden's condition, whatever it might be. It could be an affliction, it could just be old age, whatever it is. We were right about this. And they can't, they will not reach out to anyone who is on the political right and say, Hey, You know what do you think now that he's out and stuff like that. They still go and they talk to the pod bros who lie to their audience for a living on behalf of Joe Biden and the Democratic Party. And that has a lot to do with this.


And like I said, you, you can have Vander, he walking around going, where are all the good reporters? And it's simply because they have an ideological stance that they will not break under any circumstances, including this last election, which was as much a referendum on their behavior and their industry than it was on anything else in this country. God, you're so right. The, I'm just thinking of the examples, like the way what we, we were right about Kamala Harris being unable to resonate at all with anybody in this country other than the far left. Everybody predicted this. I mean, we were on the air every day talking about how inept she was and how she was too stupid to become the first female president. We And I know you guys too, raising questions all along about whether Tim Walls was the answer to her Midwestern man problem.


I I Miss him as, as people who actually do understand. I miss him, the center Wright and men, I miss him too, but like, they should have listened. They should have said You know people who actually surround themselves with guys like that are telling us this ain't gonna do it. Well maybe we should listen when we said the trans issue is getting very, very big and you ignore it at your own peril. Yeah. Go, go ahead and tune, go ahead and ask And I Like Ben Smith and they're still ignoring it. Ask Ben Smith. He doesn't have your answers. I I, with all due respect, he doesn't have your answers. It's a very good point. Still your thoughts on it. Yeah. And, it, it's, it's totally true. And I, I think like if, if you are relegated to pounding on the desk and saying what we do matters.


It doesn't, I promise you, right? It doesn't. I mean, I I think back to the high school years and, and asking girls to prom and then just go You know, pounding my finger, my fist on the desk over and over again and saying, I am good looking And I am attractive. And I am interesting. And I do have abs. It doesn't work. People know it's not true. It doesn't work like that. People know if you're interesting and they know if what you're doing matters. And what the American people said in November to this whole question was, no, we don't believe you anymore. We've seen you lie to us way too many times. All the things you just mentioned. And so many more Megan people looked at with their own eyes, evaluated themselves as actually intelligent individuals and said, these people are lying to us.


I don't trust them anymore. I'm looking to other sources. They found the the truth in other places. And that's the, that is the punishment for all of this bad behavior over multiple decades that has only been getting worse and worse and worse and worse. I don't think there's a way back for them. Now on this front, there's news today courtesy of Marjorie Taylor Greene who I guess has been appointed to head the congressional subcommittee that's supposed to help Doge, Elon's and Viva's You know government, department of government efficiency. They're supposed to, bobs work from the congressional angle on helping suggest cuts for Doge. And she mentioned in an interview with Maria Omo, NPR NPR gets almost a hundred million dollars of tax payer money a year.


91 million. That's crazy. Sara Armani Armani was out on X yesterday calling attention to a segment he had just listened to where they were saying, women are not the only ones who get periods. Women, I don't wish to fund that. I don't wish to fund that message. It is not objective And, it is not truthful. And our team put together some examples of our own on NPRs reporting that all of us are paying for watch. He also doubled down on those comments he made recently calling Democrats the enemy from within and suggested using the military against them. Here, Latinos want to be white, they want to be with the cool kids.


President Biden's classified document troubles are piling Up. His lawyers announced they had found more files at his home in Wilmington, Delaware, and congressional Republicans pounced Well that it's not unusual for outgoing government officials to find classified documents laying around. I've known several people who have retired and after they retire they're going through their box and it's like, whoa, how did that get in here? Republican Glenn Jenkin is a former private equity CEO who picked up Republican criticism of schools, often criticizing them for things the schools don't teach. And it's worth noting here that critical race theory isn't actually in Virginia's K through 12 curriculum. Okay, so he's gonna ban a thing that isn't happening.


Is Terry McCall if the Democrat even bothering to respond to that? Or do people in Virginia get it? Like this is not real. Your taxpayer dollars hard at work still Incredible and You know as somebody's done radio for a long time, I You know it's one of those things that people like doing radio, they actually like doing and people like doing podcasts, people like doing shows on SiriusXM. It's something that people try to get into. We don't need to fund any radio station. People will go out and find their own information that they want. And the n NPR is like, imagine, I can't even imagine going through that. It's coming up through commercial radio where you have to actually work hard to get people to listen to you.


That's not what NPR is. They know that funding's there. They know that that that is there. And if they walk that left wing line, the funding will continue and continue and continue. This is the exact thing, this is the thing I'm probably most optimistic about when it comes to an incoming Trump administration looking for stuff like this. There's no reason we should be spending a hundred million dollars propping up a crappy radio station that's just gonna spout left wing lies. Even if it was spouting conservative lies or conservative truths, it still would make no sense for the federal government to be involved in it. Get rid of this stuff. There's so much of this that we can get rid of and, and if you read You know Read, I read Elon Musk, the auto, the biography from last year.


This is what he does. I mean he, the reason why we know who Elon Musk is is because he's taken this approach to every company he's ever worked at to great success and You know him. The vague working together with Trump being there with real enforce behind it. There's reasons for actual optimism for the first time, probably since Ronald Reagan when it comes to this type of stuff. And it's gonna be difficult as Reagan found out. But I think there's real hope here. I wanna see Edward Scissor hands. That's who I wanna see. Go in and take care of NPR and and the likes. Steven, lemme give you a couple more examples of NPR. I know you don't really need them, but it's kind of fun to go down memory lane when we have discussions like this now that it actually could be on the chopping block.


There are 91 million. It's fun to see exactly why it should happen. Okay, headline in 2022 when Trump announced for president breaking Donald Trump, who tried to overthrow the results of the 2020 presidential election and inspired a deadly riot at the capitol in a desperate attempt to keep himself in power has filed to run for president again in 2024. Here's the 2022 tweet on emojis. Some white people may choose and then they've got like the white thumbs up sign emoji, but it's a little bit more yellow because it feels neutral. But some academics argue opting out of the white thumbs up emoji signals a lack of awareness about white privilege akin to society, associating whiteness with being raceless.


I don't understand any of that, but they're trying to shame us. Again, Megan Riley. Now there's anybody else when nobody understands. She was of course murdered by an an illegal from Venezuela. His name is Jose Barra. And he was given life in prison without the possibility of parole last week. The NPR headline, A man has been convicted of, of murder in the killing of Lake and Riley, just a man. He's not, not an illegal, not from Venezuelan, not part of a Venezuela street gang by the way. Similar sins committed by WaPo associated press. Reuters N-B-C-C-B s just a man. A man was convicted. Then NPR most recently Slandered Rich Lowry, our friend who was on this podcast late at night.


I think it was after, what was it, after one of the breaking news events. It was one of, one of the debates probably. Oh, it was an assassination attempt Who, who can keep track? It was assassin assassination attempt number two. Which which one? I know, right. And he, he merged his words. He was trying to say immigrants and migrants. Yeah. And he made a sound that sounded like the N word. And anybody who's paid any attention to Rich Lowry in any of his 30 years in the public eye knows that it would literally be an impossibility for Rich Lowry to even think such a word. Nevermind to utter it aloud on the airwaves. But NPR dispatched C, just the letter C Mandler, no actual first name to say that his pronunciation sounded like the N word to some.


And then used media matters as CS source having a hard time coming to any conclusion besides the obvious one about what Lowry catches himself blurting out here. C is like some trans justice advocate as it turns out. And smeared Rich Lowry, which was then later admitted by NPR after it was publicly shamed by Rich Lowry himself among others. And then there's the Yuri Berliner piece in the Free press where he detailed how far they'd gone to the left and how there was really no saving it. And he ultimately got let go. Right. Didn't he get fired from NPR after that whole thing or I think, I think he, I think somehow think he, I think he resigned. I think he resigned shortly after.


Like he separated from the company. I remember. Yeah. It's not just uncoupling. Yes. So I mean that you tell me whether we should be giving this company a hundred million dollars a year. I realize there's teaspoons in the ocean 'cause we've got 30 trillion plus in debt, but like, this seems Have to start somewhere. Seems Like a good teaspoon. Yeah. You have to start somewhere with this stuff. I wrote in 2020 that NPR should finally be defunded. When they wrote a piece, Hannah Lum, who's a reporter out of New York for them, wrote a piece saying, right-wing extremists are turning their vehicles into weapons. And she cited Charlottesville. She start, she cited an example of a car hitting someone and driving off in a protest.


And that wasn't what happened. It was a black female driver who got stuck because of the protester surrounding her car. And she drove off and she and the NPR tried to make this sound like it was linked to Charlottesville when that guy hit his gas pedal, ended up killing one protester. And they used that one example to try and go and prove this narrative that there are right wing yahoos all over the country speeding into protestors, And. it wasn't the case. They flat out lied. They never corrected it. And again, we called it out. You, you're also overlooking when the Hunter Biden laptop story came out. And of course the, we know what happened with the New York Post. The New York Post was frozen off of Twitter for that because of activists in Twitter and Facebook.


Andy Slat from Facebook said, we're going to pause the story until we can confirm it. He was a comms director for Barbara Boxer in California. And this happens. And then NPR re releases a statement saying, some of you are wondering why we're not covering the Hunter Biden laptop story. Yeah. Because we don't, we don't, we don't cover stories that are not interesting to our audience. That's right. And so this really is, I'm fine if NPR wants to exist, let Alex Soros fund NPR or You know PO DeMeyer, let him fund NPR it. It'll be a good day when the schools have all the money that they need. And NPR has to hold a bake sale. Yes. I forgot how, God, I forget about that one.


Here's what happened with Erie Berlin. He was given a five day suspension without pay for failing to secure approval for his outside work, his piece on on them. And then he resigned on April 17 saying, I cannot work in a newsroom where I am disparaged. And began working at the Free Press in June, which is where he belongs. But he was at NPR since 1999. It's a disgusting, it's a disgusting journalistic outlet. I mean, it's just propaganda. And that's fine if you wanna label yourself that and just come out openly as You know, left Wing, like those pod guys. Great. Do it. You know there's, there's a market for you. The left is begging for that kind of crap right now. They're pretending that they don't have any outlets that they're all right wing podcasts. Yeah. That control the world.


It No, the left has some of the biggest, the daily And we're all funded by mysteries Billionaires. Yeah. And, but like, they just pretend that they're neutral. So that's, that's why they can sit over there being like, geez, if only we could break into the podcasting worlds. Like, hello, yours are the top two in Virtually all polls are ratings. You know listings of how podcasts are doing. You just won't admit that they're left wing. Okay. That's the media updates. And when we come back, we're gonna talk about the pickle. The media's in because of the Trump picks, because the latest poll shows that they have some 60% of support from the American people. Right now, the people are loving this Trump cabinet.


It's very diverse, as we discussed ideologically, but also in the ways the left cares about. And so far people are like, cool. So what does the media do with that? The, the desperate media that wants to be relevant, that wants to be told this by J-Lo, You matter, your voice and your vote matters. No, actually no. What are they gonna do? Are they gonna just dump, dump, dump on all of the Trump picks? Or are they gonna try to play it straight? Hmm. We'll ask Stew and Ste right after this.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of June, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days. Whether it's a rugged new passport pilot with available all-wheel drive or powerful ridgeline, turn your dream Honda into reality during Happy Honda days for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 1.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda passport and a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 pilot or ridge line. See Dealer for financing details


Before We get to the Trump cabinet, there is news just breaking on Politico as we came to air. Kamala Harris is telling her advisors and allies to keep her political options open, saying she's in the best position to run against Trump for years from now with some 40% of the Democrat party behind her, which is the highest by far. Nobody else even has double digits. And she could be eyeing a run for California governor and has said repeatedly in phone calls, quote, I am staying in the fight. You go, girl, you got this. Yeah, that's That's excellent news.


Don't Let them tell you you can't do it. Right. I mean, that's like Christmas came early. How do you like that Steve? Yeah, I I think part of this comes from the fact that when Hillary Clinton lost in 2016, she was rewarded with book deals and You know it wasn't kind of, Hey, how come you just lost to this orange goofy clown guy? It was You know it was stolen, it was Russia and Hillary Clinton, Remi remains in the good graces. And I think that that's what they're gonna at least attempt to do with Kamala Harris. The problem is, Harris has no apparatus in the Democratic Party. She has no real base of support. I think this is mostly a fundraising scheme because her campaign is still $20 million in debt. So keep me out there, keep me, keep me on the speaking circuit.


Keep me going. She has a debt to pay off. I thought that was one of the funniest things when Trump offered to pay off that debt. I think that would be absolutely hilarious. Take You know, take the 20 million from NPR and give it to Kamela. Pay off the debt, and off we go. But that's mainly what this is. This is a, this is a finance ploy. This is a ploy to keep fundraising and keep You know, keep the coffers open. I don't see, I mean, maybe California governor, because that's, You know California's their own crazy island as it is. Anyway. But good luck. Have fun running in 2028. I think she can do it. I think Steve is being too hard on her Stu gear. I think she can do this. She just, it w we're gonna get over our racism In our John John Oliver.


John Oliver told Donald Trump to, to do it. Jump in the race and do it. So just be careful what you wish for here. Steven l Miller. I have zero concerns. I fine put it on the record. Do you have any idea the number of things I've said about Kamala Harris? All of which proved true? So Stu do you think there's any actual possibility here? Because they said this snap poll of the 28 field, which by the way would not be against Trump. It would probably be against Vance or whoever the Republicans decide to run. 'cause Trump's term limited finds Harris at 41%. 41 and all the rest Newsom Shapiro Walls, he's back in the mix too. As like an independent. Yeah, like without her, he could run Buttigieg, A OC, Gretchen Whitmer, JB Pritzker.


That's, he's too busy transit transient kids. I don't know how he's gonna find the time. Andy Beshear and others all in the single digits. She's it still. Come on. She's got all the momentum behind her. I love it. Do it. Kamala run. Kamala run. I, this is a great example of bipartisanship in action. Democratic voters apparently want more Kamala and so do we. Please. I I beg of you may Kamala Harris, the nominee she is, look, she, this wasn't a You know she had, this wasn't the easiest thing in the world. She was dealing with a really terrible administration record, which by the way, she was a big part of and was in the room for every important conversation and could not think of anything she wanted to go differently.


So that was made a little bit of sense that she would get punished for that as well. But I mean honestly like, can I see her going to California and winning? Probably, probably she can become governor of California. Who cares Truly though, who gives two shits if she becomes governor of California, I don't care what happens to them. Yeah, I love my friends in California, people in California, but you're already electing a bunch of nutcases. How much worse could it possibly get it? She's their problem. You choose to live in the People's Republic of California. I get it. The weather's nice, but that's up to you. If she's my problem, it's a much bigger deal. She's the country's problem. It's a much bigger deal. That's never going to happen. Clip it, run it and rerun it.


Been there, done. That was an utter and complete failure. Okay. The Trump cabinet, though, not a failure, very well received so far. CBS poll, 59% of those polled approve of his choices so far, 59% this time in 17 when he was assembling his first cabinet, or at least as January 17, only 37% approve. Which is so interesting, Stu, because that cabinet was much less loyal to Trump, much less MAGA ish than this cabinet. So what do you make of the way Trump has approached this and how well it's being received, especially by the way, if you look inside the numbers by young people.


Yeah, it's really fascinating. I I I wouldn't have predicted that big of a split between the two. I mean, I guess Trump coming in the first time was seen, it was a real shock, I think to the nation that he won here. It's a little bit different, right? In 2024, people are looking back at his term as president as positive. And they see it, they remember it well. They remember the economy doing well. And I think they see a, a, a candidate that won an election fair and square and should have the rights to get to the type of people that he wants in these positions. You know he, he was elected and he You know, he of course has to go through the Senate. There's a process that goes on there that we should respect. But when it comes down to it, it should be people that can execute the vision of Donald Trump, right?


That that's what these people are doing within the bounds of the constitution and the law. And it's interesting to see that. I, I wonder, I mean, look, do I really think the American people have that well developed of an opinion of Pam Bondi? I mean, probably not, right? Like, I mean, I don't think that that's what's happening there. I think they're looking at Donald Trump and saying, You know we, we trust this guy's judgment. I know everyone says it's crazy. We heard all that. We heard the pitch from Joe Scarborough for all of these years that he was a Nazi. That he was going to put in all sorts of people that were going to be fascists. We've looked at that whole thing. We don't buy it. We didn't buy it. That's why he's going back in office and he was elected and we're gonna trust his judgment here. I mean, I think it's more of a generally positive view toward Trump, with the exception of some of the names that are a little bit different.


You know, I think as people are seeing the fact that he's willing to maybe reach out across the aisle as a positive, I think that's helping him as well. So, I mean, he's in a good position and, and so far listen to these numbers. Well's executed this line well Under this is c bs news poll again, under 30. He has, this is among those who approve, which is, as I said, almost 60% of those polled among those under 30 year olds have a 65 percentage point approval rating of the choices Trump has made so far, 30 to 44 year olds, 62% goes down a little with 45 to 64 year olds, but not much. It's down to 57, still very high, 65 and up 52%.


So the the greatest support is with the under 30 crowd. Steve And, I think in part, this is just my guess, but my, my guess in part is I think they like the RFKJ, Marty McCarey, Maha strain of this. I think they like Elon and Vivek. I think they like people who are gonna go in there and bust it up. And I actually think they probably like Tulsi and JD and people who are pushing back on some of the forever wars, which are not popular with the young people. Yeah, that's, that's sort of how I view this kind of in that generation as well. Not under 30 obviously, but in the Gen X generation.


As I sit here, And I kind of see how Trump has kind of been mainstream now. I mean, you have athletes doing his, his goofy dance on, on pitches and on fields. And so there's part of that that they, they don't feel like they're in the minority anymore. It's kind of like they can exhale and just You know, say and believe what they want. And I, I, I'm kind of in this reserving judgment for Trump's cabinet because the last, I think what Trump's election was this time around was just stopping the insanity of Joe Biden's administration. The last four years, I, I don't think a lot of it is a hundred percent we're voting for Trump because we like Trump. Biden came in right after kind of Covid had kind of passed. He was brought in to be the kind old man who isn't gonna yell on social media at three in the morning.


He was gonna calm the waters and he was just gonna steer the ship and get everything back to normal. And there was nothing about the Biden administration that was normal. Whether it's gender ideology infecting the de the Department of Defense or the State Department or Iranian spy rings in the State Department. The, the race equity platform, the DEI platform that they pushed And I really think everyone just said we're, we're through with this much like journalism expertise was a suicide. And so I think Trump's just bringing in these people. And, I think it's, let's just see. It may work, it may not. I have reservations about several of the cabinet officials, but Trump's election this time around is what happens when everything breaks.


And. I mean every institution is captured by progressive media, academia, Hollywood. It's all one-sided view. And people are tired of it. And they're not only just tired of that, they're tired of every time they speak out an objection to it. They might lose their job, they might lose friends. Right now they're telling people to ignore your family if they voted a certain way. And so that's how I kind of view the cabinet. Again, some of it may work, some of it may not. But I'm sitting here going like, I don't really care if Pete Hegseth doesn't have any administrative experience at Raytheon. I don't care. no, no. He is You know. I I like that. Tulsi Gabbard was targeted by You know the national intelligence and she's now in charge of it.


Jay Charia, who was targeted by Francis Collins and Anthony Fauci to be kicked off social media is now gonna be leading the NIH. That's what this election was about. It's, you guys have gotten, it's not Official, but we think So extra. You've right. You guys have gotten this extraordinarily wrong for the past four years. So now we're gonna bring in the people who you've not only disagreed with you went after and targeted them either through censorship, through the Department of Justice, the Department of Defense or whatever. How many fun find degrees did the people have who put together that brilliant Afghanistan withdrawal plan. That's really what this is about. So I don't really have strong, strong opinions on Trump's cabinet picks. Let's see how they do.


Yeah, I love that summary. Meanwhile, and we're gonna get into the specifics. We have to take a break a couple minutes, but I love this Peter Baker of the New York Times reaction. I know you guys reacted to this, or at least I saw you did. Steve. He tweets out on Friday night because Trump made a bunch of announcements filling out the remaining holes in the cabinet. A new HUD secretary, labor secretary, FDA chief, CDC director, surgeon general labor secretary, OMB Director, deputy National Security Advisor, counterterrorism chief and treasury Secretary, all on a Friday night. It's going to be an exhausting four years, no sleep or rest. And one response was from Sean Agnew who writes, I'm so sorry this is happening to you, Peter.


Yeah, why I, I, I responded to him. And. I asked, why weren't the last four years exhausting for you? While he's accepting awards from the White House Correspondence Association and Joe Biden. This is the kind of shit that we, we see and we talk about, which is you took four years off. Why weren't the last four years exhausting for you? Do You know what you're even saying right now? Now I'm gonna have to work. But it's so amazing how he's trying to play his little viol out vacation there too. Like, oh, I'm so tired, no sleep and no rest on trying to vet all these terrible people as opposed to maybe like finding out how many times a neurologist has visited the White House while Joe Biden was failing, which was like 16 or 17 in one year, right?


Like that, that kind of work could have also kept you up. Alright, let me pause it there. When we come back, I wanna go through a couple of the more controversial picks. There's an update on Hegseth, who's we've been covering, great detail. And then this surgeon general, I wanna talk about her 'cause there's already a lot of blow back. And what's gonna happen with Pam Bondy, who we haven't yet discussed. Don't go away.


Did You know that American homeowners nationwide have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it with a growing scam? The FBI calls house stealing, house alarms, doorbell cameras, and deadbolts will not work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. If your title is not being monitored, scammers can transfer it into their name and then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from Home Title Lock. Triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring and God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your home title? Likely never. And that's exactly what these scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim. You can get a free title, history report and a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to Home Title Lock dot com and using promo code Megan. Or click on the link in the description. That's Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N, Home Title Lock dot com.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days with a sporty new civic Accord, HR-V or cr-v. For a limited time, well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-v a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 hr-v See dealer for financing details, exclude civic SI and type R.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast, free to upgrade your selling today.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We're gonna talk about Pete Hegseth. I asked the audience last week after we did two deep dives on the allegations against him, including going through the police report in great detail. This is my copy of it for their thoughts. And I. We got hundreds of emails. I love the ones that are like, I know you never read these, even though I tell 'em, I I do read them. Yes I do. Meg Storm gets 'em together and she se collates them and sends them to me. And I do read them. And I will tell you that the summon substance of the opinions, if I had to characterize the overall response is that the audience is not impressed with Pete's moral character at all. And a lot of people were a lot harsher on the judgment of his marital infidelities than I was.


And the many male and female listeners thought it was a deal breaker for the particular position he's applying for as Department of Defense chief saying, that's a position where you cannot be compromised. You gotta be able to keep it in your pants. You can't be tempted. You gotta have self-control. And this history of his with cheating on three wives does not suggest he's got it. And these are Pete fans like that wrote in. So just for what it's worth, this is my audience, which is not a far left audience saying we don't like it. And we do think it matters. Not everybody, but a large number. More than half felt that way. But literally nobody believes the rape allegations. I mean not, not one audience member believes is bullshit.


What I call bullshit coming out of this woman who he met at this conference in Monterey, California in 17, and he says, had consensual sex with, and she says, turned into a rape. Before I get to all that, one of the things that we're seeing in the coverage here is u s a today did this whole back and forth on the intoxication level and how alcohol clouded Pete's clouded the allegations and they're writing about how Tim Pete's lawyer, Tim Parla tore, is telling media outlets that had Seth was visibly intoxicated, but they have a former Utah sex crime claims, crimes investigator on record saying, well, that's not true, because he described himself as sober carefully talking through a consensual encounter every step of the way.


He was saying everything to make himself look at the best possible light with the police. So u s a today thinks they've got police in a, in a gotcha moment because they say Pete told cops he was sober, whereas his lawyer is saying now he was visibly intoxicated. Here is what Pete said to the cops in the actual police report, which I will read from right now. There was a party in the, after an after party in the hotel suites. There was a birthday celebration. Alcohol was provided at the after party. Hegseth stated he did not drink hard alcohol but consumed beer at the after party, blah, blah, blah. No one at the bar was blacked out drunk.


Hegseth stated, he remembered being led from the bar by someone stated he was buzzed but not intoxicated. Buzzed but not intoxicated, which does not suggest sober. It's something in between really drunk and totally sober. He did not know who was leading him from the bar. He did not remember being chastised for being too loud. He did not remember an argument by the pool. He did not remember being belligerent, belligerent with anyone, all of which had been told to the cops by others. So in any event, that's the big delta that u s a today thinks it's caught Pete in that he said he was buzzed but not intoxicated. Now the lawyer says visibly intoxicated because that's what everybody else who looked at him said he was whatever, u s a today.


And before we get into this, speaking of being visibly intoxicated, I know what I'm talking about because here on this show on Friday, they served up martinis. And by they, I mean my team, when the ladies from Red Scare came over, And, I'm not using drinking. Yeah, I was gonna ask where drinks are. I was gonna ask where our drinks Are. You gotta be here in the red studio. You gotta be here in the red. Okay, but I'm not used to drinking martinis, And. I'm certainly not used to drinking them in the middle of the day. And it was to the point, like I had, I had one And I did drink it over the course of an hour. And apparently I don't hold my liquor as well as they used to because after the show ended, I could barely spit out the ads, which is when we taped the ads. When we're done. And I guess my team was rolling on it.


I made, I can't. Anyway, they thought it was so worthwhile that they made a cut of it. And I am now going to show you what it's like to be visibly intoxicated. I've never done the ads after a martini. Maybe I have And I. Just don't remember. But I'll, I'll do my best every day the rhetoric gets more and more divisive. There's panic with some people willing to say or do anything if they think it will help their side win. There's so much uncertainty, which explains why so many people designed to be incredibly breathable. It keeps you several degrees cooler for a night of uninterrupted rest with a durable weave.


Sorry for partying. In my defense, Stu, durable weave, every time I say it, it makes me laugh. It like, what is that? I like that seems like what I see on late night You know hosts heads. Yeah. Durable weave. I love that. The durable weave. I love that because like every syllable was an adventure. Like it was a, each one was a rollercoaster. You'd get halfway through And, it would slow down and go into slow motion and then speed up again. And that's after one martini. That's yeah. That was incredible. I think I'm a fun, I want a whole show of Megan like that. I want, yeah, I feel like we have, we plan a day out where we have we all, we all come together again and Megan's just doing shots throughout the show and we see what it's like at the end.


'cause that would be incredible. It's not gonna end well. I, but I am a, I am a happy drunk. I will say that I, I don't usually trans transfer over into angry or bitter or depressed. It's You know it's fun. There's so much to laugh about. And the ad copy with respect to our advertisers apparently is hilarious when you've had a drink or two and the ladies from Red Scare had a good time with it too. But back to Pete and the news of the day, let me give you a little bit more from the absolutely dishonest media coverage around Pete Hegseth, U s a today goes through, okay, it's, its account of what allegedly happened around 4:00 AM Sunday, the alleged victim returned to her hotel room and attended activities for the women's group that morning.


There is nothing in here, nor in virtually any report about the fact that the alleged victim when she returned home to her house or to her hotel room at 4:00 AM was sober, looked sober according to her husband. The husband went on record with the cops saying she wasn't slurring, she was standing fine. Nothing in the u s a today report on that and NBC news, we went through some of this on Friday. You know the vaunted organization that Joe Scarborough says, we report facts, we matter. What we do is important. What did they do? Did they report that Jane Doe the accuser was seen by an eyewitness flirting with Pete Hegseth at the bar, including touching his leg or arm prior to the alleged rape?


No, they did not report that. Did they report that cops say videotapes show her at 1:15 AM after the only drink she allegedly had smiling while walking and locking arms with him on the way outta the bar. They say she was not stumbling or looking drunk. That the videotapes show that they did not report a word about the smiling. They did report the arms locked. They only cited the hotel employee. But in fact there were two videos and three eyewitnesses. NBC did they report that she refused the police's request to participate in a pretext call to try to get hegseth on tape talking about the alleged crime after the fact. And she wouldn't do it? No, they did not report on that either.


Did they report that Pete says it was consensual. And after the fact she told him that she was gonna tell her husband she fell asleep in somebody's room and that the husband told cops simultaneously that when she got home, she told the husband that she must have fallen asleep. They only report half the story that Hegseth told that to the cops and did not provide what is verifying information from the husband in the police reports. That indeed the very same thing Pete Hegseth says she promised him she would do, is what the husband said she did when she got back to their hotel room.


4:00 AM looking totally sober and not drugged. There is not a single publication, not one that is reporting on the implausibility of this woman alleging she had one glass of champagne around midnight leaving that bar around one 15 being seen on videotape at one 15 and 1:30 AM totally fine and not drunk being seen by two eyewitnesses in the bar. Totally fine and not drunk being seen by a hotel front desk clerk at 1:30 AM when he chastised them at the bar, at the pool for being too loud, appearing totally fine and not drunk. So 1:30 AM she's not drunk and no one has suggested otherwise. And then 4:00 AM the husband is appearing, is describing somebody who looks totally fine and not drugged.


When was she drugged? When was she drugged? When was she drugged? When was she drugged? Where is that in any of the media reports? Nowhere. They're too focused on Pete's alleged inconsistency by saying allegedly that he was totally sober. Whereas his lawyer says he was intoxicated. And then you look back at the police report and they got even that wrong stew. Yeah, it seems like all of this is wrong And. it You know, of course they're going after this for a reason, right? They wanna sink this nomination and the the media's reporting it this way for a reason. You know, as you point out, it's, it's not the best story in the world. And you, I'm sure Pete wishes it wasn't true. You know the parts of it that he's acknowledged are not ideal suboptimal to say the least You know that being said, of course You know criminal activity like this is way, way beyond what we're talking about.


And You know, honestly, you go to Washington DC and it's gonna be difficult to find. People seem seemingly, it's very hard to find people who haven't gone down and had these personal issues. I mean, I You know I got news for you. If you have problems with Pete Hegseth, wait until you get a load of RFKs history going back with women. It's not pretty. I have have a point. It's yikes. You have a point. It's it's gonna be true. And, and this, and they're not alone. I do prefer the old school way. I think where You know, like we should be able to find people who can do these jobs, who can keep this stuff together. You know for important gigs like You know Running the, the, the Pentagon You know it's an important job. I wish we could find that. From what I know of Pete, I don't know him well, but people that I know have interacted with him had a really high praise for him, generally speaking.


But it does feel like they're going down this road. And it's gonna be difficult to get through a con a confirmation because you have one side that says believe all women, of course un unless it's one of their own being accused, then they don't believe them at all. And the other side, you still have I think a, a a bunch of old school Republicans who have an attachment to the way things used to go and may, whether that's just morally or just to more of a larger military, more aggressive military that are gonna be looking at someone like Pete, Pete Hegseth and being and questioning whether he's going to execute their vision of things. So it's probably gonna be difficult, but I still think he has a chance. I mean, you don't, you don't think he's disqualified from the, from getting through confirmation because of this, do you Megan? I don't think so.


And I don't think he should be. This is totally unfair. If if they're gonna disqualify him over something, then okay, look at his marital history. And if you think that rises to the level, I mean that's at least not in dispute. But this is a totally bullshit allegation in my view. I just think it's so readily apparent that it's made up And I think this would be very, very unfair to tank him over. If you wanna say he is not qualified. You wanna talk about stuff we know he did. That's all fair game. And I. Think even Pete would say that. But You know what the problem is here, Steven, is that you could potentially get to a situation so far this woman hasn't come forward. And I've said I would interview her very fairly, notwithstanding my opinion of her, of her story. I would interview her very fairly. But she is possibly going to come forward. I mean that they usually pop up in some way, shape or form, especially with the Democrats who are gonna be salivating over this woman looking to give her a Christine Blasey Ford moment and that the Trump campaign, well, team is not gonna wanna allow that, that this whole thing gets, like, goes off the rails into another Blasey Ford type inquisition.


And it's like, is is it worth it? Right? Because there are a lot of qualified people you could put in this position. Yeah. If they don't like Pete excess marriage history, what do they hear about the guy who appointed him? I think a lot of this And I I haven't, in all honesty, and I'll tell you why I haven't dug into the nitty gritty details of this story because I think like a lot of other normies, this is why you don't smear a Supreme Court justice nominee with zero evidence that he had even met his accuser. Because when you get real things that come out like this, people tune it out. They say, you're just trying Brett Kavanaugh this guy. No, and this is what I'm saying though, was he criminally charged for any of this behavior?


I I, I don't think so. Okay. No. And so they looked And decided not to exactly No criminal charges on this. And so yeah, you're right. It doesn't look good. It's Trump's giving himself a headache. But Trump's also the guy who basically, when they were calling on him to pull the Kavanaugh nomination, he said no. He said, we're gonna go forward with this and you're gonna back up and every, and there are a lot of people who are Trump critics who are not on his side, myself included, who saw the Brett Kavanaugh moment as a kind of a radicalization moment that said, if they're gonna do this to this guy who there's no evidence he had even met Christine Blasey Ford. And now you have another questionable mor morality nominee coming forward before the Senate, which he's gonna have to explain this behavior and then they're gonna have to decide if he's contrite enough or if he's honest enough and vote on it.


But this is why you don't, the Me Too movement doesn't go after standup comedians over a bad date. You don't send a a spreadsheet around called the shitty media men's list with anonymous accusations to avoid lawsuits. They, they blew a lot of credibility with the Me Too movement who Rose McGowan is still the only person to come out of that entire thing with her integrity intact And. then they also blew a lot of credibility over Brett Kavanaugh. And this is why you don't do that, because now you have a guy who made some questionable decisions in his personal life, who's he's gonna have to answer for them. But when you say, well, they're gonna pull the nomination, no he's not. This is, this is Trump's bread and butter, we're going to double down and we're going to defend him and we're not gonna give them a scalp.


If Pete Hegseth wants to withdraw, he can do that. Some of 'em Matt Gates, you can just withdraw and save everyone the headache. But again, this is why you don't engage in the kind of scorched earth politics that Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi did with Brett Kavanaugh and Diane Feinstein who You know led that whole kind of thing because they were gonna lose control of the Supreme Court. And this is how the situation, this is very similar to what I said about That's a real question though, how you get we don't, we don't know whether she's gonna come forward. I mean, it appears that she may be under some sort of a non-disclosure agreement that was reported that Pete, several years later, she came back to him asking for Money. Yeah. And NBC or Somebody they signed into can Pay her lawyers. Yeah. ab whoever she goes To Minutes, they can pay pay for her legal.


Yes. You're saying that, that they'll make it worth their while to come forward. Right. But the, the, if she does this is, this is the thing. So like if you come forward with your name, then the media starts digging on you stu and the the thing that, that like, that the, well, here's what's so unfair. Here's what it's, it is unfair that these women can like hurl this accusation and it's out there and we know Pete Hegseth has been accused of rape. They just keep putting that in every, and we don't know anything about the accuser. I mean this could be, I, I have no idea. I don't know who this is. It could be the least credible human being on earth. She could have a long list of lies in her past. She could have accused somebody else in her past falsely that would be relevant to know, would it not?


Like what, we don't get to know any of that because her anonymity is protected. Now I'll tell you something. We recently had an experience with this, with Doug Emh, h being accused by somebody, not a rape, but of slapping her across the face, completely Blacked out. And lemme tell you something, we did a deep dive on her, we did figure out who it was. And we did a deep dive on this woman to see whether she had credibility problems. She was a nutcase, there was reason to be very suspect of her. And we did not find any of those things. But we did not rush to air with her name, nor were we given permission to. So I don't know what the media's gonna do about this woman.


And I don't know whether this woman's gonna come forward. But You know there are risks. There are real risks 'cause she comes forward and turns into a circus stew. I don't know that team Trump is gonna think Pete's worth it with all due respect to Pete. And if she does that, she's fair game and she's definitely gonna take a lot of incoming, that's gonna make her feel very uncomfortable. Yeah, I mean, it can't be a positive thing to go through. Obviously if it's a real accusation, it's, it's obviously horrible. If it's not, you'd expect a carefully rolled out unveiling of who this person is with media pieces that are fawning over her that we will get right before the confirmation hearings begin. That's, I would expect nothing less from the media and the left working together.


I don't know. You know who she is. I don't know what happened in that room. None of us do. But like You know, part of this is like, this isn't the, I listened to your, your whole breakdown of this story Megan And. it was the, by far, the most detailed that I've heard anywhere in the media that went through all of this stuff. And it You know, it takes somebody who actually knows the law and cares about the process to go through it with any accuracy. And it doesn't seem like the media has any interest in that. Just saying, Hey, this person's accused of rape in most people's minds when they're not focused on this on day-to-day basis is automatically disqualifying. It doesn't feel like you could ever go through that until it happens to you. It feels like this foreign thing where, I mean, how could they possibly You know, be innocent of this?


Why were they being accused? I heard someone on Fox News say almost exactly that, which was You know I, this is a woman. She said she had gone through a, a situation like this. She had gone, God forbid, had to go do a rape kit. She's like, no one would choose to do something like this. And like that I think connects with a lot of people who, who would do that? On the other hand, what we're talking about here is a life destroying event. If there is not another excuse for her behavior that night night, her life is over. She's ruined her marriage. She's ruined her relationship with her children. She's probably You know, ruined any, any reputation she has in town with her friends, everything is destroyed. I'm not saying that that's what she You know. She came up with an excuse.


I don't know. But it's absolutely human in a moment like that to come up with some excuse that would explain away what you did. And YY we, we were requested for a while that we were just going to believe all women as if women never came up with a, never made a bad life choice. Like they make bad life choices just like dudes do. And sometimes they do really devious things just like guys do. That is very, very normal. And I will say, whenever we talk about these types of issues, the people who come to me and are very, very clear about that point are women. I knew women like this. I went to college with women who manipulated their boyfriends who said things like this all the time. It's women who are intricately involved and have been in those moments and have friends who have made terrible choices like that.


So to act like this accusation proves that it's true is completely false. I don't think the American people are in the same position where they're going to just believe these things reflexively anymore. I think because of the Kavanaugh thing and, and the me too generation sort of like fading out, there is a little bit of skepticism here. But we should be fair here. These things should be proven in a court of law. They should be. That's right. They, they can't be just dragged out through the media like this. And, And, and in this case, obviously the cops did not think there was even probable cause to believe her, which is a much lower standard that that's the standard to bring a charge, probable cause. They, the prosecution did not believe it was there. They did not arrest him. They did not decide to prosecute him.


And by the way, You know the fact that she was married when this happened and that her husband and her two children worked down the hall in the same hotel. Must be reported by the news media. Another failing in this. The Associated Press report just states that the husband was quote the woman's partner. The woman's partner. Well what's that? I mean, that's being married is a much bigger commitment than, than just being a partner Associated press, which you should know. Just a couple more failings by them. Do u s a today and the Associated Press report that Jane Doe was seen by an eyewitness flirting with Pete, touching his leg around like we went through with NBC.


No, neither one does. Does the AP report that two witnesses at the bar say she appeared fine and not drugged. And does the u s a today u s a today cited one witness and the Associated Press doesn't mention it at all. Do they point out that the videotapes show her at 1:15 AM smiling while walking and locking arms with him on the way outta the bar and say that she did not look drunk or stumble u s a today? Nothing on the smiling ap, nothing. They say absolutely nothing about the videotapes, the smiling or the locking arms. This is such bullshit. Do they report on how the front desk guy saw them at one 30 and said she didn't look intoxicated at, at all u s a today?


No Associated press no. I mean I could go on. No, no, no. I'm just looking at all those same lists. Refusing the cops request to participate in, participate in a pretext call. no, no, no. Did they point out that the the the timeline doesn't make sense for something being slipped into a drink? When could it possibly have happened? U s a today? No Associated press. No. I mean it's just, it's it's too much. I wanna say one thing. The, the audience had a, and maybe Meg Storm, maybe we can post some of these comments. 'cause they were actually very interesting. If you wanna email me, by the way, it's megan@megankelly.com. A lot of law enforcement nurses and prosecutors emailed me who listened to the show with really interesting thoughts.


And one, I believe this was a prosecutor who handled sex crimes or it was a nurse who does sexual assault exams. But it was somebody withstanding to to know, said the reason she may have waited to go get the exam from the alleged day of the rape, which was the wee hours of Saturday into Sunday. And then she didn't actually get the exam until Thursday, is because she said by that point Rohypnol would be out of your system. And so it would not appear suspicious if she had to give a blood test that there was no date rape drug found. If she, or maybe it was urine, I can't remember, but one or one or the other. She said by by Thursday it would be out and no nurse or prosecutor would be expecting to find it.


Whereas if she got the exam right after, they would know definitively whether she'd been drugged. I thought that was very interesting. Many of the audience members thought this may have been a setup by her and or the husband that she'd been texting the husband about how Pete looked like a creep. And these ladies are making comments about Pete. But she, he reminded her of some guy or the husband said, oh, you mean the guy who tried to sleep with my wife who they were calling TDB and some of our audience was like, that stands for total douche bag. Which maybe that's right. I don't know either way. That was interesting. And they think the whole thing was a setup that these two were creating a dialogue.


I don't think it's a setup because I don't think the husband would've told the cops she looked fine at 4:00 AM if he was part of a setup, he would've said, she came home looking out of it, You know makeup smeared. She didn't know where she'd been. Like he would not inadvertently have thrown her under the bus like this. And then a lot of the audience pointed out that they thought it was weird. The husband was there in the hotel to begin with and given his comment about somebody else having tried to sleep with his wife, they said, why was the husband there? Like, what, what husband takes the kids and goes and stays at the hotel when the wife is just You know some low level handler at a Republican women's conference.


Why did they do that? Why were they there? Did he have reason to suspect her from a prior incident, et cetera? That's all. The audience is smart. They raised some good points. Okay, I'll say one other thing before we move on to other nominees. Pete I know has had a bit of a religious evolution over the past couple of years. He's definitely leaned a lot more into his faith, his Christian faith. And so You know the audience can decide for themselves whether they think that'll change his behavior when it comes to wives, et cetera, or whether they care. But I know that, I know that from his friends and our mutual friends that's who've Watched, that's that's part of the, the reason they're going after his tattoos by the way, because of that reformation that he's gone under.


That's why they're going after the tattoos. So it's, I mean, your your your as white, white supremist. Your best point is, yeah, your best point is how they leave out press media bias and journalistic bias isn't about how they lean in a story. It's about the details that they feel like they have to omit to push the narrative that they want to push. Whether it's the immigration status of a brutal murderer who great, we're financing his stay now for the rest of his life. If it's the details of somebody that they say is a victim of sexual assault, if you have to omit details from a story, it it, it proves like what you're doing is not journalism. And, and this is an exact kind of thing that you would say to somebody like Jim Vander, hey, and say, if you're gonna report on this report the whole thing, and if you leave out stuff, there's a reason why you've decided to leave it out.


And it's not just because of editorial length or time. We saw this for 60 minutes. Well, lemme ask If if this, if this kind of allegation were made against Barack Obama, do you think the media would've left on the editing room floor? All of those exonerating facts I've been listing? Well, yeah, of course. Of, of course not. They would, they would go after the accuser, which is what we've seen that we've seen that happen. You mentioned the Doug Emh Hof thing. That's a perfect example of how that was completely blacked out during the course of the campaign. And people were shouting this from the rooftops. Okay? So Doug Emh was interviewed on several occasions and the only time he was asked about it, he said, this is a distraction. And the journalist moved on, and this is again, part of it where we see how accusations are covered both against people on the political right and people on the political left.


And they can argue that Doug Emh wasn't running for office all they want. He would, he would've been first gentleman in the United States and had enormous influence over the sitting president. And so again, people see this, they see what is covered, they see what is not. And like I said, when you blow so much credibility on something like Brett Kavanaugh, now here comes Pete Hei, who again has to explain his behavior. I fully believe that. And, and the Senate is gonna have to do their job, which they are granted to with the Constitution of the United States. But Normies see this and they go, well, you, you did this to Brett Kavanaugh, you've done this to whatever. You can argue about that Part too many times. You, you, you can argue about the Eugene Carroll stuff with Donald Trump and people Yeah.


You not only played it, you overplayed it. And so, again, whether it's true or not, people just tune this stuff out. They just say, yeah, you lied to me about this one. You lied to me about this one. You won't cover something like Doug Emh H and now you're trying to push this. Isn't it incredible how all of a sudden the media can rediscover accusations of assault and abuse after not talking about it for five months of a presidential campaign? Because they were afraid that if we are the one that writes the story about Doug Emh h And, it leads to Donald Trump walking back into the White House. Your happy hours are over. You don't get book party invites. You don't get invited on M-S-N-B-C. And that's really what the state of journalism is today. They care more about their social status than they do telling the truth.


Very. So here's what's so annoying though. Like the, I don't need them to disbelieve this accuser And I didn't need them to believe the emh h accuser. Right? You, You just need to report the facts. That's never facts been my position. They just need to report on it. They wouldn't report on Doug Emh. Would I normally be doing story after story on the, the first spouse's infidelities and also alleged assaults That one would've made the news no matter what of prior women, not the current You know candidate, but prior women. No. The reason that was such a story is because the media made him our new face of nont.


Yeah, toxic masculinity. Yeah. That Was the thing to do. Doug dug the, They were shoving him down our throat, dug the symbol as like the new kinder, gentler sweater wearing antidote to these toxic Republican men. And then it was game on. He accepted it, he leaned into it. He paraded himself all over the media as that guy. So it was game on in discovering who Doug Emh h actually was. I mean, I'll say this for Pete, he's not in my experience, been out there parading himself as some sort of paragon of virtue when it comes to his female history. So that's one point in his favor.


One You know. I get it ladies. I mean, I I have a lot of women in the audience who are not ready to forgive, cheating on three wives. I get it sisters. I get it. It's just You know to Steve's point. But we're explaining why it's Tolerated president who did that too? Let me finish. We have a president who did that too. And, it may be Stu that that's it. Trump took up all the goodwill. There's no more goodwill to hang hang hand out to the Yeah. The cabinet members. And he gets hung up on that. But I'll give you the last word, stu on Pete, and then we'll move on. Yeah, I I'll just say that first of all with Doug Emh, when it really is a, an incredibly low key insult when you tell a man that he's redefining masculinity.


I, I don't know that, that's not a compliment. That's not how that works at all. You know. I, I feel like with with Pete You know part of this too, I think is You know he's not trying to redefine masculinity. He, people just look at him and know he's a dude. You know he's a military guy. He You know they, they keep putting these pictures out of, of, out, out of, out, out of him. And like You know no shirt on. And and they're like, oh, can you believe this guy's gonna be Secretary of Defense? And I'm like, are you running his like promotional campaign? Like pe people are gonna love this. They're gonna love somebody who can just stand up and be a guy and, and look You know the fact that You know his behavior has not aligned with what we would You know, want out out of, out of a, as out of a husband in these particular situations is I think part of the noise around him.


You know that they're going to come after that. We all know they're gonna bring these things up. I just think that they have just burned themselves so many times over this and have taken what is a good a, a, a good instinct to try to make sure that terrible men are responsible for their behavior like that the, the Me too movement could have had real good that came out of it. You know the message of not believe all women, but that all women should be taken seriously. It should be taken seriously. Not just brushed off. They blew, blew it. And they blew it. They blew it. Like they took all that good will From and they had no, no interest in Joe Biden. None. Tara Reed, none. Her story was buried. I know. No, I'm sick of it. I think most people are sick of it. I mean, if I repeat, I'd go up there and I'd say I am humiliated about what happened in my personal relationships.


And since then I've done a lot of work to regain the trust of my spouse and those I've hurt and I'm just gonna leave it at that. And I'm, I'm not going to go into detail on private relationships between me and other women. And I will say this in Pete's defense, you never know. I'm not suggesting his prior wives of doing anything. I have zero knowledge on this front. So please just know that. But you just never know what's happening in somebody's marriage. You don't know whether the other person You know And I get it. Like I'm, I'm not making excuses. I'm just saying if I were Pete, that's how I would handle that. Because they don't know. These senators don't know what what was the status between Pete and his wives? Like what, what was deteriorating?


Why did he make these choices? I don't really care. I don't think the American public cares. It's true. He knows it's true. He should admit it. Apologize for it. Express regret over his bad personal behavior and see if he can get them to move on. The, the potential criminal charge is a much different matter that he's gonna have to wrestle with. He's going to have to wrestle with it and Trump has to decide whether he wants to watch that play out on the airwaves. Okay, let's move on. 'cause there's a lot of other stuff we should get at to including this just breaking special counsel. Jack Smith moves to dismiss election interference case against trumping the G six case. But he's For the time, time to assess the unprecedented circumstances of pending criminal cases against, of a pending criminal case against the incoming president.


He wants the case dismissed without prejudice. Without prejudice because he's a douche bag because he wants the ability to bring it again after Trump leaves office. Yeah. And now they're pointing out the media You know that this, this actually leaves open the possibility that Trump could pardon himself to foreclose the possibility of legal jeopardy in the future. Please do it. Do it. Donald Trump. The the country does not wanna see this nonsense. Go on. This is ridiculous. Jack Smith. Trump has made a fool out of himself. If there's any way to prove that these, that these cases seem to be politically motivated to stop Trump from becoming president again when he's elected and they all just go, ah, we tried close the case.


That's a pretty good indicator that they didn't really mean what they said in all of this stuff. And You know, I'm not a fan of what happened on January 6th, but the insurrection thing, the 14th amendment that it was ever charged with this, we can argue about the legality of the fake electors, but really if he really did commit these crimes against the country and democracy and you just fold shop when he wins, it's kind of like the end of democracy. Hitler talk, we called him Hitler, it was gonna be the end of democracy. And then he wins. And now it's like, ha we'll work with him. Yeah, let's go have lunch with him. It's all it was the way that, the way, and this was another thing about talking about getting back to normal Joe Biden's Justice Department led by Merrick Garland, who was Obama's Supreme Court nominee who never sat on the court because of Donald Trump.


Of course these were weaponized investigations And, it had never been done in the history of our country. And if you recall You know back when Obama was elected, they asked Obama, are you gonna go after Cheney and Wolfowitz for Abu grab and war crimes? And he just said, no, we're gonna move forward because it's the what's best for the country. When they asked Trump about Hillary Clinton in 2016, he kind of did the, I was just shit, now I'm not gonna charge, I'm not gonna lock her up, whatever. And then in 2020, here's Joe Biden going, we're gonna investigate him and we're gonna charge him with crimes. And again, this was one of these things that he and not, not just J six. And you opened the door for this, not just J six, it's really out Vin Brag. Yeah, stormy Daniels. But speaking of January 6th, Yeah, Everything. This is in the news just this week, guys that the cop who fatally shot Ashley Babbitt, 36 years old at the J six Riot, who's been absolutely made a hero of by the left, instead of like asking serious questions about whether she was doing something that deserved her being shot on Capitol Hill You know, did, did they see a weapon?


Was there something I, granted she was trying to break through a door. I get it. So were a lot of other people. What was she doing that suggested she was an imminent threat? That she was out to do harm? What we've learned now, thanks to the House Administration Committee's subcommittee on oversight, which is GOP led, they released a letter last week showing that this cop, captain Michael Bird 56, has a long disciplinary record that includes leaving his loaded handgun in a public bathroom in the Capitol Visitor Center improperly firing his gun at a car near his home while off duty and abusing a Maryland cop who tried to stop him from entering a high school football field again while off duty.


Then they said that there are at least three entries in his internal affairs record that are missing according to the chairman of the committee. This is disturbing. And the media will never, never cover the shooting death of Ashleigh Babbitt fairly stew because she was there on J six, she was inside the capitol and she was trying to push her way in along with some other angry mo rioters. However, you don't get the death penalty for that. And that's what this cop unleashed on her And.


it appears to have had some history of being negligent with respect to his duties and his firearm. It's kind of fascinating in that e every other shooting by a police officer of someone that I can ever remember got the exact, excuse me, opposite Good point treatment by the media. Like they always take the side of the person who was shot, whether it was legitimate or not. I mean, look, I don't think it was the right You know, You know we don't wanna be inside of, of a building like that. And, and pushing forward when you see a, an officer there, like probably not a good idea to do what you did. But as you point out, You know that's, we would hope that it could be handled in literally any other way.


And all of these prosecutions, all of these storytelling, all the storytelling by the media has gone for one purpose, which was to keep Donald Trump out of the job he's about to enter. And they tried really hard on this You know coming out now and saying, well, we're gonna drop these investigations, we're dropping these cases is like coming out after the Super Bowl and going to the press conference after and saying, well, You know what? Well, we forfeit, well, sorry, you've already lost. Like their whole goal was to try to get a jury to look at these cases, take them seriously and punish Donald Trump. And in a way they got it. They got their case heard, they got a jury, not of 12 people, but of 150 million people who came out a few weeks ago and said, You know what?


We saw all this evidence, we don't buy it. That's the end of the day. I mean, I think if people really believe that Donald Trump had tried to overthrow democracy and destroy the country and they believe their, those charges he probably wouldn't have won. Even with the terrible record of Biden and Harris at the end of the day, they didn't believe it. And this is infuriating to the left that put all their eggs in this basket and watched each one of them crack You know you look back, Jonathan Turley, by the way, just the news broke the story that I just brought you about Ashley Babbitt and this cop who shot her. But you look at this story, Jonathan Turley actually did a, a good long piece on his blog, jonathan turley.org about it, Steve. And he was saying that correctly, that liberal pundits often refer to the number of officers who died that day.


And the truth is not, not a single officer died that day on January. Not one, not one. Yeah. The only person to die that day was Ashley Babbitt, who was shot by what appears to have been a trigger happy cop with a long history of disciplinary action against him. I mean, why isn't this everywhere? This guy appears to have been a serious problem long before he ever saw Ashley Babbitt. And he points out how the li the media lionized him and portrayed the killing of Babbitt as clearly justified, which is in sharp contrast to the approach the media's taken in other shootings by law enforcement. And unjustified killing by police on that day was inconsistent with the public narrative pushed by the pundits and the press.


And the truth is that President Trump had offered 10,000 national guards, guardsmen And, it was rejected. Pelosi didn't want it, they didn't want to make it look worse than it was. And they were worried that somehow Trump might use these troops in some way that they might find objectionable and Ashley Babbitt who was wrong in her actions. But Charlie continues, but the penalty for breaking a window and unauthorized entry is not death in this country. They won't investigate this guy they did already and cleared him of charges. It's just, it's a different narrative about what happened that day that you won't hear on these. So-called Truth loving media outlets like M-S-N-B-C Stephen.


Yeah, I I do think that, that it should be part of the story of this as if You know. Did you have a guy who was feeling a little bit more gung-ho than he should have? I think I'm harder on Ashley Babbit than a lot of people on the political right. I I think that if you're somebody who breaks into the Capitol building or if you jump the White House fence for example, at that point you're playing with your life. And no, that doesn't mean that she deserved to die or anything that many were let In that, but, but many of these folks were let in And I don't That. But, and that's what I mean, and that's what I mean, there's a lot of this where this is one of the problems with You know the charges around January 6th is there was clearly people that should have been charged with crimes and then you get kind of like the MAGA grandma going through thinking she's on a tour. And to Stu point about Getting Wade did by cops, Right?


And the to Stew's point about this, and this is a, this is the best thing about this, which is right, they take the police officer's point of view no matter what, no matter what on this side, when we just spent an entire summer of riots over cops shooting people like Jacob Blake who had a knife, and then of course we had George Floyd. And this is the problem. And this is what the media environment, the media fostered when you basically say there's not gonna be any penalty for burning down communities or we saw staging capital houses over things like abortion or Kavanaugh, places like Michigan and Wisconsin. Eventually the other team thinks that they can get away with it. And I think that had a lot to do with the behavior on January 6th, which is, hey, these people are storming the Supreme Court building over Brett Kavanaugh, nothing's being arrested on them.


We've had a Charlottesville every week in this country since last October 7th. And these people aren't arrested. They are just, they, they break into buildings and they set up encampments on the tents and they're just allowed to do this stuff. And people on the political rights see this and they go, how are these people allowed to do this? How are they allowed to block traffic? How are they allowed to burn down businesses? How are they allowed to storm capital houses with no repercussions whatsoever? And, I think that that had a lot to do with, well, if they can do it, we're gonna do it too. And that also explains a lot of Trumpism in a vacuum, which is, you're gonna get away with this. How come these people aren't getting away with it? Yeah, And, then they go and they vote. Yeah, You're right And, it explains some of his cabinet picks like Matt Gaetz just a, the the big middle finger we, that did not work out.


But let's spend the time we have left on this one cabinet pick in particular because I love Marty McCarey at FDA. That's awesome. Of course, I love RFKJ who will be overseeing if he gets confirmed all of HHS, which is great. And then you've got the surgeon general about whom I have more questions to Dr. Janet NWA for surgeon general medical director at City md, a network of urgent care centers in New York and New Jersey. A Fox News contributor. She's the sister-in-Law of Representative Michael Walls, who's Trump's pick for N s a and I'll bet you dollars to donuts. This guy said Take her, take her because being the person who runs City MD is and went to med school in the Caribbean.


I know, I know elitist, whatever. But let's face it, that is not where our best doctors come from generally. It's just not. Sorry. Those schools are a lot easier to get into and, and have generally different standards. Not that she's gonna be operating on people. She's the chief spokesperson. So her time on Fox News may have convinced Trump she can do it. She's very pro-Trump. But I don't really care about that stuff so much as I care about the fact that she loves masking. She loved the vaccine, she loved to mask the children long into the pandemic past the point where get your kids boosted where the rest of us were saying, stop that. Right? Get your kid boosted and get your kid Vaxxed. Oh yay. Under 12 kid can get vaxxed August of 2021 saying, wear a mask.


Wear a mask. Delta's different June of 2021, downplaying the risk of myocarditis in kids who get the Vaxxed October of 2021, talking about kids getting the covid jab and how the risks are extremely low. January of 22, still promoting all the boosters and the vaccines and masks and how beneficial they are. The point is, Stu, she didn't see through any of it, unlike people. Like even McCarey was pro some of this stuff in the beginning, but got there at the same time. She was writing Op-Eds You know, calling for more masking. He was writing them saying, saying, no, that was bullshit.


Take the mask off right now. Yeah. And and and You know of course as we all remember, when, when the, the words 15 days to slow the spread were uttered. Donald Trump and Anthony Fauci were on the same stage, uttering them, right? Like so a lot of people early on in the pandemic said all sorts of things. And I think there's some grace that is appropriate for, for a lot of them to be in 2021 and in 2022 saying those things you think would be basically just disqualifying for an incoming Trump administration. You know Trump w obviously was You know, had some very early instincts to try to shut some things down and see what we could do to slow what was going on.


He was off of that bandwagon pretty darn quickly. I, I mean I think there's a distinction for Trump in particular when it comes to just the vaccines. And then I, I think Trump is in at odds with a lot of the people in his, his base as to You know the success level of, of what occurred there. He doesn't talk about it all that much, but he's, I think he's pretty proud of his record on that. And You know the fact that he is You know pointing people like RFK Jr, who are very much on the opposite side of that shows that he's willing to, to take other viewpoints. This one though doesn't seem You know, he kind of understand R-F-K-R-F-K did something very important for Donald Trump during the campaign. There's no surprise that he would be rewarded. This one though just does seem weird and maybe he didn't have all the information about where she stood on a lot of these issues.


I mean, I I I'm not in favor of this person at all based on what I've seen. I, I'm sorry, August of 21, she's interviewing with Pete Hegseth on Fox saying Delta's different. If you wanna protect yourself, wear a mask. Here's Marty McCarey the same month, August, 2021, op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, making the case against Masks for Children. Very different. Like either you see the evidence and you can be a leader on it or you don't and you can't. And people who got covid that wrong should not be in charge of the next gen of our health officials or spokespeople. I'm, I'm against it, sorry. But I am okay guys.


It's a pleasure. thank you. thank you both so much for being here and thank you all for joining me today. We're gonna spend the rest of the week doing a deep dive into Trump's incoming cabinet. We've interviewed most of them and we'll have that for you tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And, no fear,


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast, free to upgrade your selling today.