
Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly and Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show bonus episode today featuring some of our most interesting interviews of 2025 of the ones that took place in person. They range from comedians like Andrew Schultz, my God, he's hysterical. And Tim Dillon. Same here in studio with me to Caroline Levitt and Marco Rubio in Washington dc. Zachary Levi and I sat down together, as did Dave Port and I, Portnoy and yours truly in the SiriusXM headquarters in New York City. That was fun and great. It was very interesting. Zachary Levi, he's a big Hollywood star. He had a team.


Dave Portnoy showed up with no one that I always love seeing, like how they show, how they show up, how they come to the venue. They were both interesting. Zachary's, all Heart Portnoy's, all Braun and Brains. Enjoy and see what you think. We'll see you soon.


Here's one way to clean up your medicine cabinet this season and replace toxin filled conventional products with more natural options, propolis, immune support, throat spray, and propolis. Plus vitamin C liposomal can be must haves in the medicine cabinet as seasonal germs start to hit. Did You know the germs can enter through your nasal passengers just as easily as through your mouth? Well, that's gross. Propolis nasal spray, though is here to help you. It's a great non-toxic swap for other, over the counter drug filled medications. It's non-habit forming. It's natural and it has anti-microbial benefits. Beekeepers Naturals makes clean non-toxic products that actually work. They never use harmful ingredients like red dye number three or other synthetic dyes or artificial flavors. Their products are third party tested for all pesticides and they're dedicated to sustainable beekeeping and helping to save the bees. Beekeepers Naturals is offering you an exclusive offer. Go to beekeepers naturals.com/megan or enter code Megan to get 20% off your order. That's beekeepers naturals.com/megan or enter code Megan Beekeepers. Naturals products are also available at Target Whole Foods, Walmart, cvs, and Walgreens.


This whole thing is about your journey with Emma. Yeah. And trying to conceive a baby. Yeah. And no, I mean, no detail is spared. Yeah. But so it's very personal. It was unusually personal for you. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Did you, did you run it by her first? So the, the thing was is yeah. First, like, You know, this is the most like male thing. Like, but it's, I assume that the reason why we couldn't is because it was her fault. Right. And I talk about it in the special where I'm like, she was really concerned it was her fault. And I was really concerned it was her fault. Like we were all really concerned. It's obviously her fault. Yeah. 'cause like men, we have this like confidence in our sperm that like, there's no real reason why, but we just know. Right. Like, every time I've ever had sex with a girl, I was like, oh my God, this is gonna be cra Like, what should we do?


How do You know calling the next month? I know she's pregnant, guaranteed. Which I now know is a waste. And once we found out that her ovaries were perfect and my sperm was horrible, it, it actually made it a lot easier for me to talk about. Really? Yeah. Because I think the reason why, like anybody who has fertility issues, one, it's very isolating because you're so protective of the person that you love that you don't, a lot of women feel a lot of shame around this. Mm, yep. True. And at first, I, I felt like real shame. I was like, does God not want me to have a child? Like, I was like, I didn't understand it. Like I think I'm like a pretty good person and I'm kind to people and I'm like, why is this happening? Like, what the fuck is going on? And yeah. So I get that.


And a lot of women, if they are struggling, they're just like, it's it, they feel like it's a, I don't feel very stigmatized. Right. And, but once she was perfect and I was fucked up, I could get on stage and it was really cathartic to talk about it. And then once I started talking about it, I literally thought that I was like, this was like a one in like 10 million thing. Oh wow. The thing I started talking about, all my friends start telling me that they're doing IVF. Oh wow. And like, all these people in the audience would hit me up afterwards. They'd be like, oh yeah. You know, same thing happened. And I was like, what the fuck is this like the last taboo Subject? Yeah. How did anybody ever get pregnant before IVF? 'cause everybody's doing it, dude. It is like, it's unbel.


It's, it's almost like, I was like, does anybody really get abortion? Like, I'm like, it's so hard to get pregnant. Why is this an issue? Like, like how often do these athletes have unprotected sex that they have 20 kids? Like, like I couldn't believe it. It was unfathomable. So, but then it became like, yeah, there, as brutal as it was, there was these kind of funny moments that being one of them. Yeah. Just that, that the, the humility Going into the room with the lady. Oh, we just talked to the audience. You know, Doug came in to say hi to Andrew in the commercial break and we were bonding over our shared experience. Yeah. 'cause he and I did IVF with our kids too. Yeah. Doug joke that after he had to donate the sample. Yeah.


First he said he was gonna wear like a red crushed velvet. I loved it. Smoking jacket on his way in and on the, on the way out. He was just gonna be like, that was fantastic. I was amazing. Yeah. I was always thinking about like, do I make noises in there? Like how uncomfortable do I make it for the other guys at the clinic? Like just screaming random things. Yes. Sesame Street. Just something crazy. But yeah, it's like, oh, it was crazy. I remember it was Like a waukee when you're walking by all the other guys there. Everybody's there. Oh God. I know what you're about to do. It's so humbling. Yes. You're just sitting in this room. Like all of you were in there. You're like a, so why did They make you go in to give the sperm sample? Didn't they? Couldn't They? So I did it from home once. Okay. The whole, I don't even, I haven't even put like, a lot of the stuff in it, but like, the whole journey was brutal.


So the first one I did from home, which was like, I'm in the room. My wife like, hands me the thing, like, it's like homework. And she's like, okay, I'll give you 30 minutes. You go do your thing. I'm gonna go outside or I'm gonna do the dishes. So like, I hear her doing the dishes right in the background where I'm like being mandated to masturbate. And I'm like, on our bed, like, I don't think I've ever masturbated on a bed. Like I'm just on our bed and the bed is made perfectly. No. Like, everything is like, set up. And I remember at one point like, I'm just like, I don't know, this is like so weird. And I like looked up and the TV was off, so it was just a black screen. So it's a perfect mirror of me. Oh no. And I was just like, this is the saddest day of my life.


I'm sitting Indian style on my bed. Oh no. I'm trying to make a sample of go cup. We send that sample in, it comes back and it's like, it's, it's not good. Oh. And they're like, not only are they not swimming, they're like shaped weird. And I was like, I was like a little defensive. So I was like, well, could that be from like, the speed that they hit the cup? Like maybe, You know, it's the, the blunt force trauma kind of warped them a little. The Flow is just too strong. It Was too strong. That's what, that's what it is. And they're like, no, that's definitely not it. And I was like, okay. And they go, they go, well why don't you do this for like a couple months? Wear baggy underwear, ice your balls every single day.


Oh, ice 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I guess that's a big thing. Don't drink anymore. Don't smoke anymore and take these pills and then we will try it again in like a month or two. And I did that and we tried it again and it got worse. No. What? And I was like, why do you think that is? And the doctor's like, we've never seen this before. There's some pride in that. Yeah. It's gotta be a little bit Setting Records. Setting records. Yeah. I, I told a story one time when Dave Rubin was on, but Doug had the, this the funniest experience there where they make you ejaculate. Yeah. Like 24 hours before the real sample. That's gonna be like your future kid. Yeah. Yeah. They want you to clean the house. Yes.


It's like, I can't remember if it's 24 or 48 Hours. I think it's 48 hours Before. Yeah. Okay. So, but they want it to be 48. Yes. And they don't really want it to be 46. Nope. Or 44 because You need the amount of time to build up the new batch. Yes. So like, timing does matter. It just so happened that on one of ours, we were visiting my, my nana who was literally like 90 at the time. And we were playing dominoes. And I was like, Doug, it's time. He was like, what? I'm like, you gotta go in there right now. My poor husband. And You know, I like one of these older person's homes where like, there's love five inches between the bottom of the door and the, and the ground. You can see, You can hear every piece of conversation. The dominoes.


Like you're palming the double five, You know? And Doug, So is he Horrible. Poor Doug. This is the thing about this is like, do what you gotta do. It's a, it's the, the, the journey is brutal. When you're in it is the hardest thing that you'll go through in your life. Sorry. Definitely the hardest thing we went through and but after the fact, it is hysterical. Yes. Yes. Like there's, I can't Believe what you've been through. Yeah. And like there are so many of these things that are so funny. And the beautiful thing about having a child is you get this like amnesia Yeah. For what you went through to get there. And I think that's actually kinda like built into our DNA. Yeah. So that we keep making them. I totally agree. You know, like same women have been saying that for eons because of the pain of labor.


Yep. And it's so, You know, devastating. Yeah. And then you forget all about it. I never had labor 'cause I had three C-sections. Yeah. But yeah, my friends tell me it's extremely painful. Oh, My Emma was in there for 24 hours and then she had the C-section. 'cause the, the baby's heart rate dropped. Oh God. That's scary. Yeah. The whole thing is is is ter when you were doing the shots before to prepare for the IVF, like did you have any fun mood swings or Anything? Well, oh yeah. I, I was actually fine. I, I no way did not have weird mood swings. But it was very funny because Doug does not like, he, his mom got this terrible cut in her leg and it was so brutal. And Doug was right there. He bandaged it up. He put the medicine on. I was like, yeah.


Feeling I can't take that kind of injury. Yeah, I'm fine. But you pull out a needle and Doug is one of those like, Oh. So he, so he couldn't Get the shots, but he had to at the beginning as it turned out, he didn't have to, but we thought he did. Yeah. Because in the beginning they really make it up into a thing. Like, you gotta mix the compound and it's like kind of back in a hard spot to reach. Yeah. You gotta ice the area. We were like, oh my God. Like our future family depends on this. Yeah. Yeah. And Doug was in a, a hot, like a cold sweat. And the superintendent of our building at the time, his name was Lance. And they were like, it's very important that your wife have a partner that helps her. And, and Doug is like, this is gonna be very hard for Lance. Yeah. But He he did it. Good for you. He did it. He got it through. But honestly, by the third child, You know, he, Doug was no part of it.


I was like, I I need no ice. Yeah. I'm good. Boom. We're done. Yeah. After the races, it is Crazy that they make you mix it at home. So anybody who's not familiar, they give you these two, I guess, hormonal compounds and you have to put them together in the syringe In just the right proportions. I'm like, why isn't this done at the lab? And then we just hit it like, you don't have to make the Kit Kat. Right. Like, make the bar and then send it to me. And I remember like watching my wife do these things, making sure it's the right amount. You gotta push a little out so no air gets in there. Right, Right. So you don't give yourself an air bubble, like life or death Literally scary. And she's like, did I push too much out? Will I not get it? Is this but there, yeah, there was, I mean, Emma would get like, it would really get her going.


I remember. Would she get angry or just overly emotional? Oh, Angry. Like, but we didn't know that that was the cause. Oh. So like, I remember we got into it at a Japanese restaurant. You don't realize how quiet those restaurants are until you're having like a loud blowup with like, and You know, the only thing interrupting the blowup. 'cause everybody is already quiet. A Japanese restaurant. Yeah. And then once you have like a verbal altercation, they're really quiet. Oh, I love when somebody has a fight and I'm nearby. Oh My God. Doug and I like, he'll start talking. I'll be like, be quiet. This is too important to Me. Yeah. You gotta gotta lock in. Everybody was locked in. They're just slurping UD Don and watching us. And the only thing that would interrupt it is like when a new person would walk in and, You know, the whole, the whole restaurant has to go hase, whatever.


And then Emma would feel like they were interrupting our argument for show. So, so we're fighting hase. Emma goes, are you kidding me? And then back to yelling at me, it was just amazing. Well, were you, So you weren't that guy who was like, she's going through a lot. These are just her emotions. I'm just gonna let know, I'm gonna let everything slide. I'm not gonna get mad about anything. We didn't know that it was the case. So we didn't know until literally that night I go, Hey, did we do the shot? We did the shot today. Right. And she goes, oh shit. And we're walking down. We were on Ken Mare Street. That's when you put it together that she's hormonal. And then, and then she was also like, oh fuck. I guess I'm like really reactive to this. Ah. And then from then on we Oh, that stopped going Japanese restaurants.


That's, and then how about after she had the baby? Did she have like, because I You're sleep deprived. You're very hormonal. It's the most insane thing. If, if you're, did you breastfeed? Yeah. Okay. That is the, I think that this is, I think that is the most difficult part of child rearing is the, the, if you are breastfeeding full-time, like meaning every two hours. Yeah. That is insane. Yeah. It's a lot. That is insane. Every two hours. So you're waking up, I don't think a lot of people know this. You're waking up every two hours in the night. You don't get more than an hour of sleep. No. At a Time. It's truly like a, like an astronaut training situation.


Yeah. No, it's brutal. But then, then it, it lets up a little When it lets up, it's this beautiful bonding experience that you have with your child. And like, it's something even now, like Emma's still breastfeeding and it's just this thing that she's like, she doesn't even wanna let go of it. Yeah. Well then you get to like the six month mark where the baby can start having like smaller like solid foods. Yeah. And they're still having breast milk. And you're at the point now where like you're, you're producing the more, more milk than ever. And yet the baby's somewhat getting a little independent. Yep. And the weight comes shredding off. Oh. That's the best moment where you're like, I'm making tons of milk. All these calories are coming off for free. Oh. 'cause your body is burning calories but Your, your baby doesn't need as much milk as from you.


Right. As he needed at five months. 'cause now he's starting to eat food. Right. Right. But your body doesn't know that. So it's still burning like 800 calories a day. You're like, oh my god, I have a waste again. Yeah. There's a normal ass. Yeah. Yeah. Thank You. Sweet baby. Yeah. I always say they're selling breastfeeding to moms All wrong. That you would care about the hell of our babies. But we know that babies who are formula fed are fine too. You have to sell it to them. Like ozempic, you'll Be skinny. Yes it is natural Ozempic. It's natural. Ozempic it Good for you. Let that baby suck the fat outta you. This administration is working very hard to try and fix this country. But while they're focused on fixing the country, they can't fix your personal finances. That's really up to you.


And that's why thousands of Americans are turning to Birch Gold. In the past 12 months, the value of gold has risen by 30%. Think about that. How's your stock market investment doing? Has it gone up 30%? Have you made 30% on your money? And demand is strong and it's growing. While reports are that the Brix nations are actively working to challenge the US dollar as the world's reserve currency. That's not great. In other uncertain times, gold has offered peace of mind. And in these uncertain times it does the same. Birch Gold makes it incredibly easy to convert your existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA backed by physical gold.


Or if you prefer you can buy gold to store in your own home safe, just Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers take control of protecting your savings today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Yes. So there's your babe. Yes. Who was born in July? That's your little boy. Yes. My little boy. What's his name? Nicholas. And we call him Nico. Aw. Yeah. I, no, we talked about this a little backstage at the Super Bowl, but how are you handling, I mean true new motherhood.


Yeah. Is not even a year and this crazy job. Yeah, It's a lot. No denying it. He's seven months. I had him in the midst of the presidential campaign three days before the president almost lost his life in Butler, Pennsylvania. My son was born on the 10th. The president was shot on the 13th. It was my first day home with him from the hospital. And it kind of threw me right back to work much sooner than I would've probably expected or hoped. But becoming a mother in the midst of this very chaotic political world that I work in has been the best thing I could have ever imagined.


Because it gives you great perspective and it humbles you. And my son doesn't give a crap about my job. No. Like he just wants me to come home and snuggle and play toys. Yeah. And be present. So it's, You know, a difficult balance to prioritize being good at my job and being good as a mother. But I just try to prioritize my time and carve out that time when I can. And I'm so grateful to have the support system. I do. You know, a great husband who can be very present with our childs. And then of course a wonderful mother and father and friends who chip in when I need them. Your parents must be So proud of you. I think so. I Hope so. A grandchild and access to President Trump in this same Year. My mom actually was in town this week to help with our baby 'cause my husband had some work things to attend to and she came to my briefing yesterday.


Aw. She was in the room. I was like, are you sure you wanna go in? Did She get annoyed by pesky reporters being rude? Well I brought In some backup yesterday. I brought in my colleague Walt and Steven and Kevin. So a lot of the questions were for them. So I asked her after I said, how was it? She was like, thank God all the questions weren't to you today. I would've been dying in there. So she enjoyed it very much. It's my, my nana who died at 101, she was in her elderly years, not that able to like get out and around. So if I had a important court argument Yeah. That was on tape. Right. I would show it to her and she would get so mad at the judges. She didn't think I that they should be allowed to ask me any questions. She didn't like opposing counsel. Yeah. Why is he saying that about you? They don't totally get it.


It's a motherly bias. That's exactly That We have for our babies. Alright, So you are balancing with the baby. Okay. Can I just ask you one other question on that? Because we talk about it all the time, especially on the right and I too am a working mom and always have been. I, I've, You know, been a professional woman since I graduated from college or law school. But now there's I think a good thing which is like the restoration of valuing so-called traditional. Right. You know, moms and and that's great. The women who take care of their kids full time. Most of my best friends are doing exactly that. But it seems like in the right there's like some, a bit of a shift toward like you can't do what Caroline's doing. That's, that's actually like an unsafe or a dangerous or a bad choice for families, for children.


Which I reject wholesale. But you hear it more and more. Yeah. What do you hear that and what do you think of it? I Would reject that it's a bad choice. Is it a tough choice? Absolutely. You know, as a mother you want to be with your child 24 7. You have that maternal instinct 27. Not all the time. Well right now Yes. 'cause he's seven months and just squishy and lovable. But I'm sure that will change. No, but You know, you do have that maternal instinct but also recognizing like I'm doing this work for my son and for all children to make this country better. And it's a once in a lifetime opportunity. Yes. It's also very, it's temporary. Right? In four years my son will be four years old and the president will no longer be at the White House and then I'll move on and do something else.


But You know, this chaos of 24 7 work is a temporary matter. And that's what, at least I tell myself to get through these very long and hard days. But I would reject that you can't be a good mom and be good at your job. I think you can do both. It certainly not. It's not for everybody and it's takes a lot of of work and will and faith and prayer and it's hard, but it can be done. And You know, I would reject that We can't chase our great conservative moms out of the workforce. Right. We need them and we get rid of you. We get rid of Katie Britt, we get rid of Usha Vance. Right. Like there, this is not the way Amy Coney Barrett is not outta the supreme.


Like that's not, that should not be the place, the conservative movement lands. I agree. Alright. So you, so now you start as White House Press Secretary. And were you thrilled to get that invitation? Of Course, yes. I was very humbled and honored and I was campaigning, You know, with the president over the past year through the court trials. We sat in that courthouse in, in Manhattan with the brag trial. So many rallies. And we worked so damn hard to win that election. Like You must have really wrestled with how you were gonna meet the high bar set by Karine Jean Pierre. Was that Sorry, Sorry, was that out loud? No, she was terrible. Yeah. I mean, come on. Yeah. So yeah, how has your approach differed, would you say?


I think it's vastly different. And if you ask people, even in the legacy media, even the Trump haters, they will tell you the approach has been much different. Not just for me, but the, the entire White House. Oh, absolutely. They come in my office every day and they'll admit that off the record. Oh, maybe not on the record, but they will say they appreciate the access and the transparency and the preparation that goes into my briefings. And everybody on our team, by the way, who goes out to the cameras and speaks. We have great policy experts who are great spokespeople for the president and they appreciate the information that they're being given. They're also exhausted, by the way. Oh, they must be. 'cause we are doing so much and Not even in a, like a wussy sad little way.


Yeah. Like they must be exhausted. 'cause it's just, it's nonstop. It's insane. Yes. So who's your least favorite? Well, I did have a bit of a tiff this morning outside with our friend Peter Alexander. I saw it at NBC News. So it Was great. We'll drop in a clip of it. Yeah. Where he was really pressing you on, on what, whether there's gonna be criminal prosecutions for this alleged, I'm just fraud in the waste, fraud and abuse. According To an IG report from the Social Security Administration, there was $71 billion worth of fraud in one single fiscal year that we know about. And so that is a lot of fraud, Peter. And To be clear that $71 billion was from 2015 to 2022.


So it wasn't in just one year and it was $71 billion. But It was, but it wasn't in one year. Just over multiple years from 2015 to 2022. So are you defending $71 billion in fraud, Peter? That's a lot of money. Not why is the media so against cutting waste fraud and abuse from the government? I don't get it. I just want ask a question. We won't be deterred, we will not be deterred from people like you in the press. You said Something that wasn't true, which is you said that they have found before that they believe there have been tens of millions of people who were receiving money who are dead on the social security list. The same report that you referred to said that only Peter, none of those individuals are receiving. Peter, Did you watch the full clip of the interview that I did when I said that I did watch Clip that you played it correct.


And I said, there are a lot of unanswered questions and we suspect there could be tens of millions of people. And I'm Saying the IG report Said, So you just said what I said is not true. In fact, it was true. That's a suspicion that this administration has and we're committed to finding out the truth. It perplexes me and also infuriates me why the media continues to make excuses for our government spending billions and billions of dollars in wasteful money. Right. Maybe they don't mind, but I know there's millions of people watching that do mind. So we're gonna keep doing what we're doing with Doche. It was A pretty incredible exchange where it was like 71 billion has been, You know, spent on fraudulent payments. And he's like, oh, but that was over many years. Well, does it matter?


You're like, hello? There was like, There's one report that showed $71 billion. Whatcha talking about Eyes on the ball? Yeah, Exactly. All right. So that's good. I'm glad to hear the NBC guys out. Good choice. Sorry Peter. How do you prepare? Because you can't know everything. No. And you could get asked anything. And unlike Kain Jean Pierre, you're not out there reading and furiously flipping through your tabs to try to find an answer. Right. Somebody else has written for you. Yeah. So how are you preparing? So I did prepare a binder for the first briefing. My great assistant Keegan put it together. And then I showed up to work and it was like this thick.


And I was like, I can't, no way even move this. I, I can't use this. It was too cumbersome for my brain and the way I learn and think and study to, to have that it felt like added weight. And I said, I want to just go in there and speak from my mind and from my heart. Like Your boss. It Like my boss. And I've been working for my boss now on the campaign. I know the policies we're enacting. We've been talking about them for years. And so, and in school I was that way, like studying. I would just read, You know, highlight, memorize, articulate, And then it goes off to the side. Yeah. And you talk. Exactly. And so that's been my, my method of preparation.


No nerves. The first briefing. I was certainly nervous. I think any human would, and I'm not afraid to admit that, but Must have been cool too to get up there. It was, You know, once I got up there I realized, okay, like I can do this, I can do this. I know what I need to know. And now I feel very, You know, comfortable and confident and You know, I will never get complacent because I understand the weight of the responsibility on my shoulders, speaking on behalf of the President of the United States. So I remain as prepared today as I was on that first day. And I hope that's true four years from now. And I have, we have amazing people in that building who are so smart and know everything about every topic and I rely on them.


You know, I call Steven Miller or Mike Walter's team. Right. Or Kevin Hassett all the time. And I'm like, please explain this to me because I don't understand. But you do. So what's going on? What's, what's the most interesting or surprising thing you've seen at the White House? You know, like, this isn't a building you spent a ton of time in before. No. The people you see every day, especially with President Trump and his calendar of meetings, You know, walking through the West Wing lobby, you can see anybody from Tim Cook to Tiger Woods as I saw yesterday. So, You know, when you see him, what it Sounds exciting is Joe Biden's the White House with the cocaine. Yeah. But it's good. Exactly. It's good. It's something. And Hunter hanging around


As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine him. And the Trump agenda is Senator Dick Durbin. According to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new scheme, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards. But they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security. That means more risk for your credit and your identity. Learn more at guard your card.org and consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


He did take over at the National Institute of Health at the, at HHS this week, and he made a comment, which he's made before, but it doesn't get old on how meaningful it was for him and how important Trump has been really in changing Yeah. Bobby Kennedy's life. Listen, yeah. For 20 years I've gotten up every morning on my knees and prayed that God would put me in a position where I can end the childhood chronic disease epidemic in this country. On August 23rd of last year, God sent me President Trump and he gave me Mr.


President. A lot of people told me that I couldn't trust President Trump, that I better get it in writing. And we did a handshake and everything that he told me he was gonna do, he has done. And I'm so grateful to him. And I've told you before, I genuinely believe that you are a pivotal historical figure and you are gonna transform this country. Yeah. What a moment. Yeah. Oh man. I watched it multiple times and I've heard him talk about that before about, You know, him being in prayer and petition for 20 years. I mean, I can feel it. I cried when, I mean, I cried when I was filming in Eastern Europe, Eurasia when the election was happening.


Like, I, I think I, I even was, when I was talking to you, I was over there, it was October or something like that. And so we were up, You know, hours before the US was up. And so I was seeing the, the results, the poll results and stuff like that. And I was just like, wow, I can't believe it. This is actually happening. Like, like they were able to keep all of the potential, You know, things that polls and ballot boxes and everything like legit. And Then getting Bobby across the line was no Easy feet. And so, and that's what I was saying to the other day, to finally 'cause because that was one step and then it's like, okay, but we still gotta get Bobby Tulsi, You know, all the, and so the other day I was on a flight home and I'm seeing the confirmation and I just started crying on the, on the plane because I really do like, I know this man, I know him personally and I know that he has the integrity that that's the exact and so does tulsi to, to go and be a leader that is non-corrupt able, there are far too many people, even good people, but it's like you dangle that just little bit of like, oh, I could, mm.


I'm, I'm gonna do good, but I'm also gonna, I'm gonna take a little bit of, and then that starts with a little bit and then's a little bit of compromise. And then it's a little more compromised and a little more compromised and ne next thing You know, they're not doing any of the good. They're just en You know, enriching themselves with insider trading or whatever it is that they're doing. And this guy means it. He means it. And, and I, and he and I absolutely agree with him. You know, like, I love that even when people saying like, oh, you better getting in writing and, You know, don't trust that guy. Trump meant it. Yeah. He meant it. And that should show everybody too. Like yes, he's bullish and Trumpy and all of the things, things that I don't like. I get it. I under also understand why people have such a hard time voting for somebody like that. Because you want, you don't want your leader to, to have certain egotistical aspects about him.


Put all that down for just a moment and see the things that he is doing well is doing Right. Man of his word. That was a hard confirmation. Right. Both of those were hard. Like not only did the Democrats not want it to happen, but even these Rhino Republicans, Mitch McConnell, blah blah, get that guy out of there as soon as possible. I mean, he's just gonna freeze himself outta there anyway, but like it happened. Yeah. And if that's not God at work to help heal this country and this world, I don't know what is. And here it's Like even if you are against Trump, if you're against Bobby Kennedy, whatever you believe about him, like listen to what he's saying he's going to do. Listen and ask yourself, wouldn't this be great? What's so bad about this?


Here he is going on in soundbite eight, take a listen. We will convene representatives of all viewpoints to study the causes for the drastic rise in chronic disease. Some of the possible factors we will investigate. Were formally taboo or insufficiently scrutinized a childhood vaccine schedule. Electromagnetic radiation, glyphosate, other pesticides, ultrapro foods, artificial food, ais, SSRI and other psychiatric drugs, pfas, P FOAs, microplastics.


Nothing is gonna be off limits. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Exactly. He hit it all Like, isn't that what the Right on. Right On. But isn't that what someone in his position should have always been doing? Yes. And every one of those regulatory agencies should have always been doing Yes. There. The FDA should have been on top of all of this instead of just taking handouts from lobbyists. No, They're doing studies on like trans fish and COVID vaccines and how many 14th, 15th versions we need. This is exactly it. And he hit all the stuff that's unhittable. Yeah. Who the hell else is talking about EMF and that glycosate. IG never Gs glyphosate. I can never pronounce it. Yeah, that's all right. But they're spraying it all over our, our wheat, which is why it's in every box of pasta Yeah.


That you buy and you don't even know it's in there. These pesticides that are all over our food. Both parties are guilty. The Republicans represent a lot of farmers too. We love our farmers. But the farmers too, I'm sure would love to find some way of getting rid of these toxic chemicals so they don't have to swim in them all day. And they can create products that are actually healthy and good for us and taste good. No one's even talking about this other than him. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a, it's a brave new world in the most positive of ways. I, I hope, I believe, I mean, Lord knows there's still people working in the shadows, in the darkness that are trying to derail a lot of these things. So I don't think we're out of the woods just yet. Oh no. So there's still a lot of work to do. Right. Same as they're, they're gonna try to derail every step of doge.


Every, every, every bit of it. But we must continue to stay in prayer and petition and believing that something really good is happening right now. And do it with empathy. Make sure that people are not being just lost in this shuffle. You know, that is my appeal and I meant it and for all people, but I think that these are things that have been long, long, long overdue. Long overdue and we deserve it. Everyone deserves this kind of transparency. Like light is the best disinfectant. Like just get in there. Just look at it all. Yep. Let's have a real coming to Jesus moment. And we need to do that with all things. We need to bring the American public in on a lot of these things that have been secretive and No, no, no.


We can't tell 'em like rip the bandaid off SSRIs talking about that openly. I mean big time. I mean that has been more out there in the conversation, but it's very bold for the HHS director to say, we actually are gonna be looking into these. It's just Americans are taking the antidepressants like their candy. Yeah. And they don't realize why they're not getting better. And then they up the dosage and then they try a different one and then they up the dosage there and there's no actual public health official being really straight with them on the downsides of these drugs and how there might be alternative ways not to rip on those drugs. They have been helpful for a lot of people, but they're not for everybody. And it's the first line of defense. My friend has a daughter in college and she went to like the, the college counseling place. 'cause it can be a difficult adjustment. They try to push an SRI on her.


It's like for the love of God, maybe just talk to her. Do talk therapy talk, do cognitive behavioral therapy before we just knee jerk give the drug. Well absolutely. But I, but I think that there's even more effective ways of solving for all of this. And you really gotta go to the source. You gotta go to the root. Right. Why are SSRIs pushed on everybody so much? Is because there's incentive programs. Why are vaccine and the vaccine schedule pushed on children so hard? 'cause there's incentives. Why should there be incentives for doctors to push what should just be healthy Right. And natural and good. You shouldn't have to incentivize a doctor to encourage their, their, their patients to do something that's been tested and is safe and effective and everything.


Yeah. You just have a doctor say, oh this is great. So why are you having to pay them x amount of dollars bonus to make sure if they get 95% of their pediatrician gets 95% of the people in their, in their practice and the children all fully vaxxed up and then you give them hundreds of thousands of dollars in return. This is not okay. So I think that if we actually start to regulate these, these industries, all of that downstream pushing and stuff, that's all gonna kind of start to resolve itself. And once it gets Exposed 100%. Moreover, I think when it comes to our farming situation, listen, maybe under FDR incentivizing farmers getting out of the great Depression. There was some, there was some good that they were trying to do with all of that, but all that did was led to, it led to like bad capitalism run amuck and people in industrial farming and companies like Monsanto creating glyphosate and atrazine and all of these things that are poisoning us.


Which is why you can literally eat all the bread you want in Europe and you can't eat any bread in the United States. Yeah. That's the point. We Don't have to have this on our wheat. We don't have to eat our past, past in our bread like this. We don't. But what I think, like, one of the biggest first things that they can do is if you instead of incentivizing farmers to do massive monocropping with industrial fertilizer, instead start incentivizing farmers. And we by the way, we must because to, to incentivize farmers to have regenerative Yes. Organic farms. Ron Johnson was just saying that this is a top priority for him. He has to be from Wisconsin. They're, they're onto it now because Our soil is dead. We only have so many more cycles left because the nutrients have all been sucked out of it through all the industrial fertilizing and the, and the tilling for Monocropping.


It's destroying our environment. So people that wanna solve for all of these things, guys, we can help the environment and help the soil and bring down carbon in the environment. Like all of these things, if we just go back to the way we were, ought to be doing agriculture. And then you don't have to spray it with all the things. 'cause there's other, by the way, ways to mitigate pests and, and whatnot. But also that shouldn't be in a truck going 1500 miles to a grocery store that is not local. Grow it and, and sell it and eat it within a few days. That's the way it's supposed to be done. I know. It's when we get back to more locally sourced, I hear we have something in common. And that is our mutual love for Meghan Markle. Yes. I hear you're ready to endorse her for president.


I like her Now. I've I've come around on her because I, since I'm a little kid Love con artists. Yes. I think they're great. I think they're fun. They're an important part of America and the tapestry of our country. They, to me, exude a kind of effortless humor. They're very funny. And I find her to be a, a great con artist. One of the great Con one, The greats of our time, one of the, one of the greats, You know, this is someone who came to prominence, marrying into the royal family, claiming they were racist, claiming she wanted to dedicate herself to uplifting young women around the world and is now selling jam at Target.


Yes. That's beautiful. She moved to the richest and whitest area of our Nailed it country. Yes. Montecito. Absolutely. And makes honey. There's nothing better than that from where she started to where she's now. And that's what I think a lot of it is. I think a lot of people that claim to be really evolved, people who really want to help other people are just trying, she just wants a line of consumer goods. Yeah. That's all she Wants. She, we actually, and Give it to her. We just looked this up. So she, there was a soundbite of her saying she really wanted her merch that she's selling to, to be prestige. Yes. Not prestigious.


She want it to be prestige. Prestige, yeah. Yeah. But at like a, a price point everyone can afford. Yeah. So I, we looked it up. She's got a raspberry spread under the, as ever. Right. Label. Love it. Raspberry spread. You can get it for $14 or you can get at it at Walmart under the Smucker's label for $3 and 47 cents. Right. Herbal lemon, ginger tea as ever. We'll charge you $12 or you can get it from Yogi for $4. Right. And 46 cents Shortbread cookie mix as ever. We'll charge you $14. My better batch, which is high end 7 99. Right. Then there's Wildflower Honey with Honeycomb as ever.


$28. Yeah. Amazon $11. Right. And then there's crepe mix, which you can get from her for 14 bucks or you can get it from New Hope Mills for $5. Yep. So you tell me whether this person Yeah. Has actually landed the plane Right. On prestige, but totally affordable. Well, what's brilliant about what she's doing is she knows people wanna spend money and spending money makes them feel like they're getting something that's better. Even though it might not necessarily be true. And I think it's brilliant. I I you can tell when you watch the show, she thinks people out just we're all animals. Yeah. And that's her view. She just thinks we're all monsters and, and we're all just kind of pigs in the mud and that she's helping us.


Yeah. With jam. Yeah. And honey, it's also very weirdly British, isn't it? Yeah. Well, her little flowers, wrinkles, isn't It Her garden? It's Kind of oddly British. For somebody who went over there and realized it was just an a racist, horrible place. Just let a jam and tea and Honey. And why is she using all the, like the royal crown on her stationary? I thought she hated being a royal. I thought, I thought she wanted to as stew the royal life and come back to America. Yeah. Well it seems, it it it, it's just very interesting and seeing it all happen in real time fills me with just, it, it fills me with a, a recogni. Like a a i I recognize how, how much this was the plan the whole time. Yeah. And you gotta, it's got, you gotta give your, your hats off To her.


It's hard to enhance your brand that quickly. Like no, get get your name out there in a ubiquitous way. No one Needs honey. No one right Now. No one, no one needs jam. There's not one systemic racist problem that she's that like, no one needs jam. There's not one person wrongly accused of something or whatever, doesn't have money for a lawyer that's looking for elderberries or wild flowers or whatever the hell she's talking about. The only people that are concerned with this stuff are people like she lives in Mary in Montecito. That's so wealthy. They're not even on earth anymore. No. And I it's a beautiful area. It's a great area. But they float around and they have tea and they pick flowers.


Yeah. They live in a fairy tale. Like She makes sun tea too. Yes. Sun. She makes sun tea, sun. And You know, Like we all have time to do. Yeah. She just, they kind of sit around in their backyards and they enjoy this and they smell lavender and stuff like that. Yeah. And it's Not how you're living in LA right now. It's not how we're living. No. We are, we are in co we're sitting by our doors with guns Waiting like normal people. Yeah. Yeah. We're sitting by the door with a gun waiting for someone to come in. That's how we're living. And, And check the sun tea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No one's making if if you have honey in your house, it's, you're using it as a weapon. You don't have a local BeeKeeper? No, there's no local BeeKeeper. There's no gardens. They've all burned. Oh, down the job.


Yes. Yeah. Well, I have a treat for you because in addition to her new Netflix show Yeah. She has launched yet another podcast. Thank God. This one is about, thank God. Yes. This one is about founders. What's, how did she start? Is it all female founders? Yes. Please. God. God I think it's all female founders. Is it Female founders? Female founders. Right. Confessions of a female founder. Thank God. What are they thinking about? These female founders? Oh, here you go. What Are they Doing? She starts with herself. 'cause she now considers herself a founder. She's a founder. And it's hard to find when you are married to a prince, how do you start a business? You see who, that's a real question because the struggle shed to go through being married to a prince.


It's real of being one of the most famous people in the world. How do you start a business when you're rich and famous? Your castle's too small. It's hard. Your your grandmother, your, your, your spouse's grandmother Yeah. Doesn't seem to really like you. Yeah. And then dies. Yeah. I mean like the, your one greatest connection is now out. Thank God. Because I wanna know how this all happened and I wanna get into the mind of the female founder. Here we go. Here's, here's this founder discussing, I think Remember when she pretended to like poor people That lasted a few weeks. No, I Know. Remember I have sex workers. I remember that with her inspo messages under banana. Right, right, right. Here she is on her new podcast. Let's be honest. Launching a business, it can be so overwhelming, even with the best of teams.


Whew. It'll keep you up at night. For example, a month ago I was absolutely consumed with packaging boxes. That's all I could think about. And I would sit there doing the unboxing in my head, is there tissue paper? What about the packing peanuts? But they're biodegradable. And where does the sticker go and hold on and what size the box is gonna be. And no, that's not gonna fit all the skews. Oh my gosh. And then someone says, but you don't wanna brand the outside of the box because a porch pirate had never heard that before. What's a porch pirate? And then I'm sitting there and I'm like, does any of this actually matter? Of course it matters. It matters at the beginning, but how much does it matter?


Oh my god. Yeah. I mean it's, well she's also, it's, You know, she's kept up at night because she's, You know, half the staff quit. That's right. They quit on any given day. She's got Half staff. On any given day, the staff will quit because she just, You know, launches into a tirade. And for whatever reason they feel unsafe. She's Been accused multiple times of being a bullying abuser. Well, she's throwing honey at people's heads and stuff. So she's kept up at night wondering about what lawsuits will, who's coming for me trickle in because of the abusive behavior towards the staff. You like that? Didn't that soundbite just hit so many of the leftist boxes? Like are they biodegradable?


Yes. And what does the packaging look like? Well, What I like about her, I actually, I've gone the other way now because now that she's coming out as a monster, I like, like I'm actually on board now because into it, I'm into it. Because now, by the way, she's no longer even, there's no longer even an attempt. It's such a thinly veiled attempt Yeah. To be this conscientious person who, You know, she's really just saying like, I'm a founder. Yeah. I'm a founder and I'm a big business tycoon. And it's tough for me. Can I tell you she's not the only extremely rich woman. Yeah. Who, You know, in her case it's questionable.


But in a lot of these other women's cases, they, their husbands are multimillionaires or billionaires. Yes. And then the women like, open a charity. Yes. Or like give their money to somebody. And then they're like, I'm an entrepreneur. I I'm an entrepreneur. It's like, Okay, I'm a founder. Look, I, I appreciate I've connected people with jam. Right. Like Yeah, I see that your husband made billions of dollars. Right. But the fact that you spent some of it Right. Doesn't make you a founder. Well, It's also, she never cared. You know, it was all about, in the beginning, it was all about like unwinding the systems of oppression. Yeah. They remember that. That's Done. Didn't, You know, Remember that She Solved that. If you remember that. It was like, she would go to like a third world country and there'd be a bunch of kids dancing and she'd take a photo with them.


Now it seems much more about, like, she's looking at like Gwyneth paler, what Gwyneth Paler did with her store. Yes. Goop or whatever. It's, I think it's Goop. Goop. Yeah. And I think she's looking at that and going, that's what she wants to be. She wants to be Martha Stewart. Yeah. Yeah. Although what I found out after the fact was she launched her show with showing you how to make this one recipe. It's like one pop pasta. Yeah. You make it on the stove and then everybody flooded Twitter with the fact that that apparently is a Martha Stewart recipe. Sure. That's apparently very well known in Martha Stewart van. Yeah. Yeah. So even the inaugural episode is, is cheating off of somebody else's? Well, I mean, recipes, you gotta hand it to her. It, she knows that we don't have a memory. Yes, It's true.


The country doesn't have a memory. We have a fatally short memory and we're kind of tolerant of however people wanna reintroduce themselves in the moment. Yes. So she understands America. I Didn't know Better than, than I do. Or maybe you do because she gets it. We love the huckster. We root for the huckster. Yes. We root for kind of the criminal sometimes. And she's kind of assuming that role of going, this is who I am today. We gotta talk about Bill Belichick. You ripped him. Okay. I, I mean, I thought it was elder abuse. I like, honestly, what I saw there was Dr. Jill had Dr. Jill vibes, this overly aggressive younger partner who's in this, like, apparently he looked infirm to me the way he was answering those questions.


And like, man, who's being taken advantage of and all I could think was his family needs to do an intervention and get this woman off of his back. But can you set the stage for us on like, what, what's happening with this guy? I'll Start by saying I am a diehard New England Patriots fan. Yeah. You're from Boston. Diehard. I love Bill Belichick. He's like, my guy has brought so many championships. I know him personally. He lives on Nantucket. I live on Nantucket, I've met Jordan. So it's a very awkward thing to see. I also watch that show CBS Sunday morning with the interview. It's like my feel good show. I just like it. I like nature. There's some politics, whatever. But for the most part, that is a drink your coffee, eat your bagel. Feel good show.


So I was not expecting this interview. I was squirming. I don't know what to expect. I don't know what to think about it. I, it certainly was awkward. I've heard people say, You know, is she taking advantage of him? Well, he's taking advantage of her. He is sleeping with a, a, a very attractive young girl, 50 years younger. I don't know why she's so involved. Like, I really don't, I've met her. She's nice enough. She's running the whole show. I've known that a couple months ago. How so? Like she, every, every piece of Bill Belichick business goes through her. Like she is basically let, she would act like if that was maybe not in a romantic relationship.


And that's his PR manager or Like an agent. Yeah. Nobody's blinking at that. Like that happens, I'm sure a lot with celebrity, we're not gonna talk about it now. You combine it with Bill Belichick who's gruff with the media and generally always handles himself. It's just a very awkward situation. The age gap is huge, clearly. But she runs the show. There's rumors hard knocks for HBO was supposed to do North Carolina, she shut that down the State. And that's where he's the coach now. Yeah, He's the coach there. So it's just, it's such a juxtaposition of a guy who seemingly had no media savvy, but was always just straightforward. No time for the media.


Now having his life run by a 25-year-old, it, it certainly is eyeopening for a guy like me. I also know I'm gonna run into probably them in Nantucket and I'm gonna be carrying my watermelon out a stop and shop. And I don't want it to be an awkward conversation. Just Play it all on me. Yeah, bring it all on me. But it, it went super viral. I mean it's all anybody's talking about. Yes, it's all any, because it's just such a departure from how a sports fan, Patriot fan. Everybody thought of Bill Belichick. Well, can you can so explain that to me because we watch the, I come into this like outta a left field. I don't, I know who he is, of course, even I know who Bill Belichick is. He's the greatest coach of all time. But I don't follow his, You know, I didn't, I didn't know about the girlfriend and all that.


To me, he looked out of it like he seemed confused, but I've never ever seen him give an interview. Yeah. So I've seen a lot of people, like he's wearing a holy sweatshirt. That's what he does. Like that that is his look like. Does He talk like that? Like does he look confused? Generally? He, he generally, if he doesn't want to answer a question, he grumbles and he says, I'm not gonna answer that. He's famous for not answering questions. He's never media savvy. Him going on a book tour, which is what he was doing, seems like the last thing he would ever do in a million years. If she wasn't there. I would anticipate him just being like, I'm not gonna answer it. He's, he's rarely conducting interviews that he has no interest and he just doesn't care for the media or what they think.


The thing that he said that was the most accurate is probably like, I don't care what people think about me. And clearly he doesn't, but I've never seen him defer to anybody like that. That is the look outta control. Most shocking. Yeah. Like if someone else is speaking for him, that never happens. He speaks for himself loudly through his actions clearly. And is always like a general in, in the commander of the room really. So to see him basically s give what appears to be control of his life to her is, is shocking. Any, go Ahead Mo Most of the audience has probably seen the clip by now, but just in case they haven't, let's play it for them. Let's play the one where she interrupts. This is be Belichick on CBS this morning with I guess anchor Tony do Cappo and his 24-year-old girlfriend who's 49 years younger than he is interrupting the interview watch.


The other change for Belichick is 24-year-old. Jordan Hudson, his creative muse as he writes in his book, make sure That that's the Philosophy. Jordan was a constant presence during our interview. You have Jordan, who's right over there. Everybody in the world seems to be following this relationship. They've got an opinion about your private life. It's got nothing to do with them, but they're invested in it. How do you deal with that? Never been too worried about what everybody else thinks. Just try to do what I feel like is best for me and, and what's right. How did you guys meet? That's the truth. Not Talking about this. No, no. It's a topic. Neither one of them is comfortable commenting on.


Okay. So now she's, he's how did you meet? And she interjects not co commenting about this. And there are reports that she actually interjected multiple times. Yeah. CBS only chose to show the one, just to give the audience a, a true sense of what, how, how this thing worked out. And it's about the book and, and to CBS as defense. She that quote that he, she is the muse is in the Book. It's in the book. Yeah, exactly. So now this fight started unfolding online. This is via the daily mail involving Belichick's daughter-in-law. She's married to his son and her name is Jennifer. She's married to his son Steve Belichick. The, some people were defending Jordan the girlfriend, for example.


Somebody posted, oh, former New England Patriot Star, Julian Edelman saw that You know him. Yep. Stuck up for her saying she was merely acting how any PR person would comedian Nikki Glaser also defended Hudson saying 100%. She's acting as his publicist. Publicists do this during interviews. People are out for blood. And first of all, I'll tell you what Jennifer, the daughter-in-law said, but I I have done countless interviews. Countless I've both given as the subject of them and done conducted. Literally has this never, I've never seen this happen. Never. Right. The PR people will come to you before the interview and they will beg you not to cover this Or ask after for it to be cut.


Yes, exactly. That's their job as a journalist. And Tony Doca Pool is a journalist. You would say thank you for your input. Yeah. That's it. You would never make a promise, ever. It's literally considered unethical to say, I won't ask about that. You know, at most I've ever heard somebody say is we can't make you any promises. But You know, we're not that interested in that subject. Like a wink in enough. But never, never has a pr person ever interviewed interjected into, into an inter America In the middle of it. No, we, it's very unusual. You get people asking No, if someone doesn't wanna talk about it. We generally want, because people generally wanna talk about what you are asking not to talk about. So we won't do it. It it's strange. I I don't agree with that. It it, it was strange. It's different rules If it's like a host, You know what I mean?


If you're sitting to somebody who doesn't consider themselves a journalist, very different. And by the way, this is how talk shows get away with it all the time. I've been asked, asked to go on a bunch of talk shows including Tamron Halls like five years ago and her executive producer said, we'll give you all the questions in advance. I'm like, I'm not doing that. Right. I felt like I don't want that. Yeah, right. So it's, she got got away with it because they consider that a talk show, but she's not, I guess calling herself a journalist anymore. At least wasn't for that show. Okay. So then Jennifer Belichick's daughter-in-law, I'm dying to hear this, sir, Weighs in and says publicists act in a professional matter and do not storm on storm offset delaying an interview. Yeah. So I know them too. I, this is all like, and and that probably tells you everything you need to know about how the family and that's natural.


There's a story that came out in the New York post I think yesterday that she accumulated like $10 million of real estate very quickly. So I'm sure the family based on that quote is a little like, what is going on here? And it's just, this is a guy that is not a pushover. He has built his reputation on being like a gruff kinda guy who needs everything particular and detail oriented. It is just very strange to see. He's the guy Tim Walsh was trying to convince us he was no jazz hands. Yeah. Football. I don't even know if even he was the guy, but man. Yeah, he was trying to I think be more like a, a Gronk guy, but who knows? Well there's more. So he Oh po we, You know about this 'cause I saw you commented on it.


So Bill Belichick posted a statement on the UNC University of North Carolina Chapel Hill is where he coaches, right? Chapel Hill I think. Yep. And he, he wrote, wrote as follows, I agreed to speak with CBS Sunday morning to promote my new book, the Art of Winning. Prior to the interview, I clearly communicated with my publicist. So he's not even saying he told Tony Doca pool or the CBS publicist. I clearly communicated with my publicist at Simon and Schuster that any promotional interviews I participated in would agree to focus solely on the contents of the book. Unfortunately, that expectation was not honored during the interview. I was surprised when unrelated topics were introduced and I repeatedly expressed to the reporter Tony DPO and the producers that I preferred to keep the conversation centered on the book after this occurred several times, Jordan with whom I share about the personal and professional relationship, stepped in to reiterate that point and help refocus the discussion.


She was not deflecting any specific question or topic, I'm sorry Bill, but she was, but was simply doing her job to ensure the interview stayed on track. Some of the clips made it appear as though we were avoiding the question of how we met. But we've been open about the fact that Jordan and I met on a flight to Palm Beach in 2021 and goes on for them saying these are just selectively, selectively edited clips suggested a false narrative that Jordan was attempting to control the conversation, which is simply not true. Your Thoughts on that? Yeah, I'm like white knuckle the table. In my years following Bill Belichick, I would say my knowledge of him, there's roughly 0% chance he wrote that. But he just, he just doesn't care generally what anyone thinks about him.


So to go write that, that, my guess would be Jordan wrote that totally. The fact it is on got fingerprints. The North Carolina website is insane. Right. It's just insane. It's shocking. Again, it it it's, I I'm speaking to all Patriot fans, Boston people, this guy, like if you could have predicted this, people would say you're living in a bizaro world. It is just so strange in this long email. Crazy, the public statement. Crazy. But I I'm not even sure he knows that was written you right? Like he may not, How does Greenland fit into all of this? Well, the Arctic, which has gotten very little attention, but the arctic circle in the Arctic region is gonna become critical for shipping lanes for how do you get some of this energy that's gonna be produced under President Trump?


These energies rely on shipping lanes. The Arctic is some of the most valuable shipping lanes in the world. As some of the ice is melting, there's become more and more navigable. We need to be able to defend that. So if you project what the Chinese have done, it is just a matter of time before. 'cause they are not an Arctic power. They do not have an Arctic presence. So they need to be able to have somewhere that they can stage from. And it is completely realistic to believe that the Chinese will eventually, maybe even in the short term, try to do in Greenland what they have done at the Panama Canal and in other places. And that is install facilities that give them access to the Arctic with the cover of a Chinese company. But that in reality serve a dual purpose. That in a moment of conflict they could send naval vessels to that facility and operate from there.


And that is completely unacceptable to the national security of the world and to the united, to the security of the world and the national security of the United States. So the question becomes, if the Chinese begin to threaten Greenland, do we really trust that that is not a place where those deals are gonna be made? Do we really trust that that is not a place where they would not intervene maybe By force You don't think Denmark would stop them? I think that's been the president's point and that is that Denmark can't stop them. They would rely on the United States to do so. And so his point is, if the United States is on the hook to provide, as we are now, we have a defense agreement with them to protect Greenland if it comes under assault, if we're already on the hook for having to do that, then what we might as well have more control over what happens there.


And so I know it's a delicate to topic for for Denmark, but it's again a national interest item for the United States. So there was a con a conference call between President Trump and the Danish Prime Minister apparently didn't go very well, reportedly involved some sort of a meltdown on the prime minister's part. They don't wanna give it up. So what does that, what options does that leave us? Because President Trump did not rule out economic or potentially military use. Well I think President Trump's what he has said publicly is he wants to buy it, he wants to pay for it. And how he worked on something like that, how something like that is approached obviously is probably done better in the appropriate forms as opposed a lot of this stuff is done publicly and it's not helpful because it puts the other side in a tough spot domestically.


So those conversations are gonna happen. But this is not a joke. Like what he's saying is, is pretty accurate. People don't talk about it for years. We do have, this is not about acquiring land for the purpose of acquiring land. This is in our national interest and it needs to be solved. President Trump's put out there what he intends to do, which is to purchase it. I wasn't privy to that phone call, but I imagine the phone call went the way a lot of these phone calls go. And that is, he just speaks bluntly and frankly with people. And, and ultimately I think diplomacy in many cases works better when you're straightforward as opposed to using platitudes and, and language that translates to nothing. So When President Trump said he might use economic or military coercion, what does that mean?


What does Military conce Well don't I don't remember him saying military coercion. He did, I think what he was asked, You know, what would you rule out? Would you Rule it out? Right. I don't think he's in the, he listen, he also brings to this And he said no, I won't rule it out Because he brings to this, this is a businessman who's involved in politics, not a politician involved in politics. So he approaches these issues from a transactional business point of view. So he is not going to begin what he views as a negotiation or a conversation by taking anything off the table. Leverage off the table. Okay. And and that's a, that's a tactic that's used all the time in business. It's being applied to foreign policy. And I think to great effect in, in the first time you look at the Abraham Accords and the Democrats mocked the Abraham Accords when they were made, and then by the end of the Biden administration they, they became the linchpin of a lot of what we're hoping to build on.


That never would've happened had there not been a transactional approach. You look at what is Envoy of the Middle East, Steve Woodcock has achieved that, that they, the Biden administration asked Whitcoff, they asked for him to be involved in these conversations. He has brought a businessman's approach to a very delicate and intractable foreign policy challenge and delivered a cease fire that obviously is tenuous and has long-term challenges to it. But there are hostages being released every day. That didn't happen for over a year and a half until he became involved. And that's the president's envoy, very close friend who's brought the same kind of business approach to, to some of these challenges. So Let's look forward four years does the US own Greenland? We'll see, I mean obviously that's the president's priority and he has made that point.


I think that what I can tell you about four years without getting into specifics 'cause I don't, You know, I'm not, we're not in a position yet to discuss exactly how we'll proceed tactically. What I think you can rest assured of is that four years from now, our interest in the Arctic will be more secure. Our interest in the Panama Canal will be more secure. Our partnerships in the Western hemisphere will be stronger. Will be stronger. We need to understand a lot of these countries in central America, they're not destination sites, they are countries that migrants come through and that and that these human trafficking rings run people, run people through. It creates tremendous instability for these countries at a tremendous cost as well. They would welcome help in stopping that migration corridor from continuing 'cause it's destabilizing their countries.


So I think we're gonna have a western hemisphere that's more secure and our national interest in all parts of the world. That's the goal, are gonna be more secure from the Arctic to Central America to even Africa.