
When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads, when it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world-class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mit.edu.


Lights camera innovation. Walt Disney Studio's chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together, we kept a remote production hub in Hawaii, in sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and Stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Hey everyone, it's Megan Kelly. We are bringing you something special today, A full episode of the MK Media Podcast Network Show Spot On with Link. Lauren Link's new show is on fire on Apple and YouTube. He's doing so well. We love Link and we're so proud of him. So enjoy this episode and see why everyone loves Link. It's not just yours, truly. And go ahead and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts for free.


Well, my friends, welcome back to Spot On with Link Lauren, a show where we're gonna break down the calamities of Hollywood, the circus of Washington, DC and everything in between. We have a jam packed show. Today we're gonna talk about liberal women screaming and melting down. Meghan Markle, the investigation into the Auto pin. We have so much to cover, but let's start with this very first topic. Okay, A new poll has gone viral the last few days showing that conservatives, no shock here, have much better mental health than liberals. I will read you the data. If you're watching on YouTube, we can also put it up on the screen. So this is by Silver Bulletin Cooperative Election Study Poll.


51% of conservatives say they have excellent mental health. Only 20% of liberals say they have excellent mental health. So as it turns out, Trump derangement syndrome is a real syndrome. Okay? We've been talking about TDS as if it's conjecture. This is a real thing. These people are out here going crazy. I'd love to see some breakdowns on gender men versus women. Something tells me these liberal women who are sitting at home watching M-S-N-B-C with their five cats, their mental health isn't so great. Okay, let's move on. 45% of liberals say they have poor mental health. Only 19% of conservatives say they have poor mental health.


And these women, they're actually hosting events to get their rage out. They're hosting these events where they go scream and yell, and they try to release all of their tension because their lives are so difficult. Part of the reason I think they're so unhappy is there's this push on the left for women to only focus on their careers. You don't need a man f the patriarchy freeze your eggs. You are happy alone and content sitting there watching gin psaki every single night. And Rachel Maddow, I think the conservatives who have prioritized faith, family, and everything in between, they're obviously much happier than the liberals. I also think the liberals, the last 10 years, they have really allowed Trump derangement syndrome to eat them alive.


Their hatred for one man has taken over their entire lives. And what's interesting, back in the day, I remember in high school, middle school, not that long ago, no wrinkles, no lines. You could be friends with people on the opposite side of the political spectrum, right? One neighbor might have voted for McCain, one might have voted for Obama in 2008. Everyone could still get together, but we're in such a polarizing climate. I have friends who are liberals who have totally disowned me. They can't hang out with me anymore. I'm sure the same thing has happened for you in your life. And we also know for COVID, getting together with people is really good for your mental health. So maybe that's contributing, but I wanna play the clip right now of the rage ritual.


Let's look, Man, it's, it's such a shock. These women are single and alone with no romantic prospects who wants to come home to a screaming shrill liberal woman with Trump derangement syndrome who wants to beat sticks in the woods because she's so pent up with all of this aggression.


You women, you need to put on your Lulu Lemon yoga pants. Get in your electric vehicles and you need to drive to therapy, okay? You need to go check yourselves in. You need to be put in a straight jacket, in a padded cell. You need like a whole girl interrupted moment. So get in your electric vehicle and drive and go get therapy. I also think something that would help these folks who are so unhappy. This is my advice to all of you liberals with Trump derangement syndrome. You need to touch grass and get laid, okay? It's a two step process. Touch grass get laid, and it will turn your life around because all of you seem very pint up and very tense, if You know what I'm saying. So for all these liberal women who are reporting, they have incredibly poor mental health, you need to go out there, have some fun, let loose.


You're allowing your hatred of one man, Donald Trump to eat up your entire life. And it's really sad. It's actually really pathetic. People who've made their hatred for Trump, their entire personality. We all know those people. You see it on Facebook, friends from high school, friends from life, they post on Facebook all the time. They hate Trump. They can't stand him. And they're posting fake news and propaganda. We don't need it. All of you guys are in dire need of therapy, but we have to move on. Now, some other people who are freaking out right now are the folks over at CNN. They can't handle the fact that people actually like what President Trump is doing. Even some folks who did not vote for President Trump, they're happy that the price of eggs have come down.


The border is secure. We're getting criminals off the street. But let's take a look at this clip from CNN and then discuss. Yeah, you would think after all of the waves, Kate Baldwin, after the last few months, the first five months of the Donald Trump presidency, right? Or the first four months of the Donald Trump presidency that you expect that Democrats would've this massive lead on the economy. It ain't so. It ain't so the party that is closest to your economic views, in November of 2023, it was the Republicans by 11 points. Now it's still within that range, still within that margin of our plus a point advantage for the Republican party. How is that possible Democrats? How is that possible after all the recession period, after the stock market's been doing all of this, after all the tariffs that Americans are against, and Republicans still hold an eight point lead on the economy.


Are you kidding me? Take a look at Reuters Ipsos. What do we see here? Party with a better economic plan. Well, in May of 2024, just before Donald Trump was reelected, president Republicans had a nine point advantage. Look at where we are now. In May of 2025, the advantage actually went up by three points. Now, Republicans have a 12 point advantage when it comes to the party with a better economic plan. Clearly, the folks at CNN need to get out and talk to real Americans. The problem with these folks is they sit in their television studios in Los Angeles and New York, they fly over the rest of the country and they have no understanding of how real America is thinking. People are happy with President Trump's policies because he's doing what he ran on.


Okay? For years. He talked about terrorists years. He talked about securing the border years. He was talking about, let's get down this Biden inflation, the sky, high record, high inflation. So he got overwhelmingly voted into office. Every single swing state, 312 electoral college votes, the House, the Senate. So he gets back in, he's doing what people voted for, and CNN is shocked that his polling is doing well. But the job of C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C is really to teach us that the views of the minority are actually the majority, and they try to gaslight us constantly. And what's also interesting is you could see that Harry Ton brought up, You know, all the negative press in the talk of tariffs in toxic recession. Trump has gotten nothing but negative press his entire life, okay?


Trump gets nothing but negative press from CNN and M-S-N-B-C. So we've all gotten used to the fact there's a lot of daylight between this polling and the press. They can continue giving him negative press all that they want, and then they're going to be shocked. Oh, it's having no impact on the polling because you guys have no influence whatsoever. Nobody's watching CNN because you guys are so excellent, and you have your finger on the pulse. The people who are watching CNN and M-S-N-B-C, they want to be coddled, and they probably have Trump derangement syndrome. There's also another poll. There are tons of approval polls coming out. This one is from Rasmussen, very credible poll. They said that Trump has a 53% approval rating, which is very good for any president. Anything over 50% is amazing, and it's because he's doing what he ran on.


Americans said, our top issue is the economy. It's inflation, it's the border. It's getting men outta women's sports. So Trump came in and that's what he's handling and that's what he's doing. So it's funny to see these folks over at CNN Act all shocked and guffawed and gooped over the fact that he's doing so well and his polling is doing well. But they need to get out there and talk to more real people because if they think the negative press is going to tank his polling, he always gets negative press. Okay? He only gets negative press. So this isn't a shock whatsoever. Now, something else that's tangentially related has to do with the auto pin. Okay? We keep hearing about the auto pin. I didn't know what the auto pin was, okay? The word auto pin was not in my vocabulary.


It probably wasn't in yours until the last few months. Apparently there was no 46th president. We just had this pin on a little motor that would put Joe Biden's signatures on important documents on pardons, on proclamations and declarations. Okay? Wow. We have an investigation right now. Okay? President Trump's Justice Department is investigating whether Biden was competent enough to grant last minute pardons before leaving office. So Ed Martin, who's the DOJ, pardon attorney, he is looking into all of this, and I could not be happier because we should know if the president was aware he was signing these pardons. We could all see the guy's brains were mashed potatoes. We could see he was not doing well.


It was clear Jill Biden and these other shadowy figures, these unelected bureaucrats were running the country the last four years. So if these pardons are illegitimate, all the people he tried to get outta prison, I want y'all to go back. Hunter James Biden, the entire family, everybody he pardoned, if those are illegitimate, sorry, y'all aren't off the hook, and I don't mind actually, if they call Joe Biden in, Joe Biden in Hunter in, everybody says, oh, it's too harsh. You can't call the family in and question them. Why not? They went and raided Mar-a-Lago, the FBI went through Melania Trump's sock drawer. They went through Baron's Room, they put them through hell and lawsuits, and everybody's like, oh, but you can't call chill.


You can't call the former first lady in for questioning F. That dragged Joe Biden in, put her under oath, put her on camera, asked her questions, how come the Bidens are constantly given a pass, but no one on the right is ever given a pass? People don't want to talk anymore about their business dealings. They don't want to talk about what Hunter was up to. They don't want to talk about the real character of Joe Biden. Let's call everybody in and ask them questions. Because the clips I've seen of Joe Biden recently, he still does not seem well. He seems to still be struggling. So I question if these pardons are legitimate. We also have some more INF information here. So this investigation, it's going to focus on pardons for five first family members.


Like I said, Biden's Brothers, James Hunter, we're gonna be looking into all of that. They're also gonna look at some of the commuted sentences for 37 out of the 40 people they commuted on Federal death row. So these are pretty bad ombres as Trump would say. So if these pardons aren't legit, then I think the people need to go back to prison or we can deport them. Apparently we're just putting people on flights and deporting them. I'm fine with that too. You can go to Gitmo or Kott or one of these other prisons with a five letter acronym. You guys can go there. I don't give a rat's ass, but if these pardons are illegitimate, we deserve to know as taxpayers. And it's also really concerning that as taxpayers, we had a vegetable as president and random people running the country that nobody voted for, right?


These are unelected, swampy, little bureaucratic creatures who are making decisions that impacted our lives in negative ways. So let's investigate the auto pin. I'll be rooting for you. Ed Martin Trump's pardon attorney. Now, speaking of the legacy media and fake news and grifting and lying, M-S-N-B-C, no shock here. We spoke about this in my first episode, but it's gotten even worse. Their ratings are in the gutter. Jen Psaki, you might remember her. She wasn't the one with the binder. That was Kareem John Pierre j Psaki, she's the redhead. She would circle back. She was the White House press secretary. While her ratings continue to plummet at M-S-N-B-C, they moved her into primetime, right?


They moved her into the 9:00 PM slot. I don't know why they thought this was a good idea. She's incredibly unlikable and she has no personality, but she has lost 47% of her viewership. She has lost 47% of her viewership. My team, we pulled up all these stats. I won't bore you with all of it, but right now, in the 25 to 54 demographic, which is their key demographic, she is only averaging 78,000, which is a 52% drop compared to Rachel Maddow and Alex Wagner. Jen Psaki, this might not be the business for you. This is like the advice I give to Meghan Markle. You might not be someone who's meant for fame and fortune.


Maybe being on television isn't your colleague Inaki in Mississippi. C continues putting these incredibly unlikable folks on television. Also, M-S-N-B-C, the people are hard to look at. Okay? All the men look like women. All the women look like men. I've said for years, I understand M-S-N-B-C is all about DEI and L-G-B-T-Q, but does the entire prime time lineup have to look transgender? You know what I'm saying? Rachel Maddow, she's tough to look at. Joy Reed. Well, she got, You know, canned, but she was tough to look at too. Then they replaced her with Simone Sanders. God forbid, M-S-N-B-C put some nice looking pleasant people on there to deliver the real news. But I'm not shocked. I'm not shocked. We have these horrible numbers, Rachel Maddow's ratings.


They aren't that great either. But the fact is, you can only lie and gaslight the American people so much. You can only lie to them time and time again. They're gonna turn you off. They're gonna get on their phones, they're gonna get the news from their phones. They're gonna tune into this podcast Spot On with Link Lauren. They're gonna tune into Megan Kelly, Joe Rogan. They're gonna get their news in other ways because no one wants to tune in and be lied to. The people who are watching M-S-N-B-C, as I've said before, they're the folks sitting at home with Trump derangement syndrome who want to be coddled and babied. And they can't handle the fact that Trump won. They can't handle the fact that he won and that he's back in the White House and their mental health is crumbling and they need to watch M-S-N-B-C.


And when I was getting ready for this episode last night, it actually turned on M-S-N-B-C just to see what was going on, right? It's interesting to see what the other half is speaking about. It was the most spooky, kooky, fever, dream type of show I had ever seen. I'm watching M-S-N-B-C. They're calling Tulsi Gabbard a far right figure. Now, Tulsi Gabbard, I think she was either chair of the DNC or vice chair of the DNC. She was a democrat. You know, a year ago. Tulsi Gabbard, they're calling her far right? They're calling everybody basically. Far right. Scary figures. Democracy is coming to an end. They're questioning President Trump's health. They say, president Trump's health is in decline. And these are all people who sat there and would not talk about Joe Biden's decline because almost everyone on M-S-N-B-C is a former Biden staffer, but they don't wanna mention that every day.


So M-S-N-B-C, it's no shock that people are turning you off and they're changing the channel because you can only lie so much to the American people. Now we have to pay some bills of our own because unlike M-S-N-B-C, our show is doing well and we have advertisers. So thank you. We're gonna pay some bills and when we come back, we have some hot topics. I'll see you guys then.


This episode is brought to you by Masa Chips. Did You know that chips and fries used to be cooked in tallow up until the 1990s when big corporations switched to cheap processed seed oils? But today, seed oils make up 20% of the average American's daily Calories and recent studies have linked seed oils to metabolic health issues and inflammation in the body. Masa decided to do something about it. They created a tasty and delicious tortilla chip with just three ingredients and no seed oils, just organic corn, sea salt, and a hundred percent grass fed beef tallow. These chips don't only avoid all the bad stuff. They taste incredible too. Masa is crunchier, tastier and sturdier than other chips. They don't break in your guacamole. Snacking on Masa chips is nothing like eating regular chips with Masa. You feel satisfied, light and energetic with no crash bloat or grow sluggish feeling afterwards. And an added bonus, the beef tallow makes the chips much more satiating so you won't find yourself uncontrollably binging and still feeling hungry afterwards. Masa Chips is beloved by tens of thousands of customers and has been endorsed by industry leading health and nutrition experts like Ben Greenfield and Gary Breca. Ready to give Masa a try? Go to ma chips.com/link and use code link for 25% off your first order. That's ma chips.com/link code link for 25% off your first order.


Now, something I never thought I would discuss on this show is Sesame Street. Okay? I don't even remember watching Sesame Street. I don't know if you have kids or grandkids if they are watching Sesame Street, but Sesame Street has decided to go all out for Pride Month. Sesame Street, I guess on their street. They're celebrating LGBTQIA plus. Now, Sesame Street, these are fictional characters. They aren't even human beings. But we have a picture up on the screen. They did a post of all these Sesame Street characters with rainbows locking arms, and here's what Sesame Street had to say, because I don't know why they need to celebrate Pride Month, but here we are. They said on our street, everyone is welcome together. Let's build a world where every person and family feels loved and respected for who they are.


Happy Pride Month, everybody. I'm here to tell you, why do the folks on Sesame Street need to push pride in the L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-X-Y-Z onto kids? The average viewer of Sesame Street, unless you're a pedophile, is two to five years old. Okay? The average viewer of Sesame Street is two to five years old. Why do two year olds need to be taught about pride in LGBT and the fact that they could be transgender and born in the wrong body? Like why are we teaching them on Sesame Street? You could be a non-binary Pan-African. They them type of person. No, teach the kids the ABCs. This is what has pissed me off for years. Teach kids 1, 2, 3, A, B, C, reading, writing, and arithmetic.


Okay? Our reading and writing levels in this country are embarrassingly low. Okay? Why don't you teach kids the basics? First, they should know. 1, 2, 3, ABC before they know LGBTQIA plus. Imagine being two years old and two years old, and you're watching Sesame Street where you have these fake characters. I don't even know what the hell they are. And you're also learning that you could be born in the wrong body. You could have a different gender than you were born with. This is what is called grooming an indoctrination. And it's sick what Sesame Street is doing, and it's why I'm happy President Trump and the Republicans, they want to defund P-B-S-N-P-R. Why should we be paying for these things? If you can't keep yourself up and running, this should not be our problem.


Now we actually have some folks in the house in the Senate who are upset with this. They are speaking out right now. So we have Mary Miller, who's from Illinois. We have Mike Lee from Utah, and we have Andy Biggs from Arizona. And I imagine more and more will come forward because the Sesame Street situation has really struck a nerve with moms, dads, grandmas, and grandparents across the country. Little kids do not need to be taught about LGBTQIA plus. And we actually have a clip from the Not Too Late show with Elmo. This is a show that Elmo did back in 2020 with Jonathan Van Ness, who's a non-binary wannabe woman from the show Queer Eye. Let's take a look at that clip. Try not to gag. It's time to finally unveil the makeup of it.


Wow, it's uncanny. Ellen looked just like Jonathan Van Ness Cookie Monster Cookie. That is Jonathan Van Ness Elmo Cookie. Are you ready to see my monster piece? Ready, Jonathan Mama Bear some runway music, please. Oh yeah, People and monsters alike. A round of applause for the not too late show's newest monster, Alan Ta. Alan Monster is wearing the latest and high monster fashion with a set of sleek horns, fluffy, fuzzy fur, all topped off with a monster Honker.


Is this what kids need to be watching? If you put your kid in front of the tv, you should be able to trust that they can at least watch Sesame Street without having L-G-B-T-Q Propaganda shoved down their throats. Okay, I knew Bur and Ernie were gay, okay? I knew Bur and Ernie from Sesame Street. Those were two homos. They're an old gay couple. They wanna sit at home and bicker and watch tv. We all knew they were gay. That was fine. We were fine with Bur and Ernie being gay. But Elmo does everybody on Sesame Street need to be LGBTQIA plus no Teach kids the basics. This is grooming. I've said it time and time again. I also think when it comes to social media and television, there are a lot of kids who had never question their gender.


Their identity, if it wasn't constantly put in their faces, is if they weren't scrolling through through their feeds and saw kids who were changing their gender or dressing as the opposite sex, would they even think themselves? But little kids' brains are sponges. They're incredibly malleable. And that's what concerns me about Sesame Street. They think, oh, we're being allies and advocates For people who've been targeted as LGBT individuals know what you're doing is telling little children between the ages of two and five, they might be born in the wrong body. And that to me is what's very dangerous and destructive. And where things actually get worse is we have another clip we're gonna put up on the screen from Scouts of America and Seattle, Washington. So we also have some young children who were carrying lgbtqia plus flags as they lead the Seattle Pride Parade.


They're also being led by the Grand Marshall, Megan Rapinoe, you might remember her. She's the obnoxious, annoying, liberal US women's soccer player who nobody could please and was not happy whatsoever. So when we look at this, if you're listening to us, you gotta come to YouTube and see what we're seeing little kids. They're carrying rainbow flags actually ahead of most of the American flags. Why can't we just have kids revere and have pride in America and the American flag? Why do we have little kids out here waving rainbow flags when they really don't understand the concepts? Most of these little kids, they're not old enough to understand these concepts. In fact, I'm 27 years old, I still don't understand some of these concepts. I'm a gay man in media, and I'm like, what the hell is that?


Non-binary, such and such poly? I was like, everything I can't even keep up with. So now you have these kids out here with the new inclusive pride flag. How are they supposed to understand all of these things? So shame on these parents. Shame on the leaders of Scouts America. Shame on anybody who thinks that this is okay. It really is gross that kids can't just be kids these days and they have to have these things shoved down their throats. And I know a lot of you say, thank you for speaking up. Thank you for being a common sense gay guy. I want you to know I will always speak up. I think kids should have their innocence. There are things they should learn at a certain time, of course. And if your kid comes to you and says, Hey, I think I might be gay, or I think I might be. This, that is for them to do. It's not for you to constantly shove down their throats and have two year olds out here with pride flags watching Sesame Street.


Now, I have to crown utter calamity of the week to none other than Andy Cohen, the patriarch of the Real Housewives franchise, a bitchy queen who sits there on his late night show that nobody's watching, getting drunk with a bunch of D-list celebrities we've never heard of before. That is who Andy Cohen is. Well, he went on The View recently, just a few days ago. He went on The View, I'm still waiting for Trump to send the women of the View to Guantanamo, but unfortunately there's still on the air. So Andy Cohen goes on the View And he talks about the fact that LGBT rights are under attack, we're being attacked. It's not. Okay. Now mind you, this is someone in a $15 million apartment, okay?


Who's internationally known, famous, wealthy with staff with a show. He really doesn't even have to do that much for. This is someone who really wants us to believe his rights are under attack. Let's take a look at the clip and then discuss. Well, Andy, it's obviously pride where we all month we celebrate the contributions of the L GT LGBTQ plus community. Yeah. What are you reflecting on this year? Any message that you'd wanna share? My message is it's time to fight. I mean, our community is under severe attack, and that's right. There are, I mean, every day, every look at Project 2025, this is something that's actually happening, and it's not good for the L-G-B-T-Q community.


The trans community is under Sge, really under siege, trying to be erased. And I would say we have to fight and be aware and look what's happening and be conscious and vote and vote for every election from, You know, the most local elections yess, what's gonna count, right? Andy Collin says, we have to fight. What does Andy Cohen know about fighting? Okay, the only thing he's probably fighting right now is like gonorrhea, syphilis, herpes, and some other flare up from an STD. He got from the men who come through his apartment every single night, allegedly. So that's Andy Cohen. He says, we have to stand up and fight. What rights have you lost?


Andy Cohen, you are full of shit. I am calling you out right now. As a gay person, we have lost absolutely no rights since President Trump took office. Trans people have lost absolutely no rights since Trump took office. So for you to say that our rights are under attack, you are fear-mongering, and you're playing into these views of people on the view who wanna act like we are under siege. Like we're the victims all the time. We are not the victims all the time. Okay? I'm so sick of LGBT people always playing the damn victim car. Go to work, get a passion, get a hobby. I've been through hell in my life. I could sit here and be a victim too, and say I was bullied and beat up and attacked and targeted and had my car vandalized, and I get threats every day.


Get your ass up and stop playing a damn victim all the time. Okay? That's my advice to you, liberals, all of you LGBT liberals who are going around saying, we're under attack. We're under attack. Oh my God, you're not. You're literally not under attack. Trans people all we're saying, you can't trans kids. We don't want you injecting kids with hormones, and we don't want men and women's sports other than that. Go do what you wanna do. No rights have changed for you since the Biden administration. I'm here to tell you, Andy Cohen, you are a liar. You also look a little bit hungover. You look like you had a rough night out with Anderson Cooper. You look rough, you look hungover, you look a little scruffy. You might need to go back to the drawing board. But Andy Cohen, it's so pathetic, so pathetic for someone who has done nothing, nothing to help gay people, make gay people seem palatable and exciting and likable on the world stage.


He has done nothing. All he has done is create a franchise where women go on trips and get drunk and fight and argue with each other. That is who Andy Cohen is. This is someone who acts like he's a champion of women and champion of LGBT people. He has made a living on the backs of destroying women's lives. How many real housewives have we seen? Go to rehab, go to treatment, their marriages break up. Now they gotta take some culpability too. You ladies choose to go on the show at this point, And you know what you're getting into, but Andy Cohen, you're culpable as well. And we also have to point out Andy Cohen, I don't know why we act like this man has any influence whatsoever. The ratings for the Real Housewives are terrible. The ratings for the Real Housewives are so low.


They're in the gutter. They're in the seventh ring of hell. I don't know anybody who is still watching the Real Housewives of New York, of Beverly Hills. We all used to watch, back in the day, we used to watch when it was Bethany Frankel and Ramona Singer and the girls were having fun and they weren't so scripted and contrived. Now you look at the Real Housewives, they know the cameras are there. The show sucks and it's boring. So Andy Cohen, your ratings are terrible. Your shows are getting canned. Bravo is going down like the fricking Titanic, and you're one to go on TV and say that our rights are being under attack. And you know you are lying. I dare you to look into the camera, Andy Cohen, and say, our rights are being under attack. And then you have Andy Cohen who wants to talk, talk about Project 2025.


Project 2025 is still this talking point for the left. They tried it during the election. They said Project 2025, project 2025. Most voters are like, we don't even know what this is. I'm here to tell you, I don't even think President Trump has read Project 2025. He's doing what he's run on for decades, okay? Tariffs getting men outta women's sports securing the border. He has talked about these things for years. I don't really care about Project 2025. I've never seen it. I also have to say this, the reason Andy Cohen is losing influence and his shows are going down, his shows are plummeting to the depths of health because he will not put Republicans on the show. This is the truth on Bravo right now. If God forbid you say, I support President Trump, I voted for President Trump, they will de platform you.


How many Republican housewives have we seen ostracized from the base of the show and the viewership? And like I always say, 77 million Americans voted for President Trump. Seven, 7 million Americans. So you wanna turn off half the country, even from a capitalistic standpoint. Wouldn't Andy Cohen want to look at half the country and say, let's get some Republican women. Why can't a woman wear a MAGA hat on Bravo? Why do we always have to have a bunch of liberal women screaming and fighting and getting drunk? And it's why the shows are terrible. So Andy Cohen, go back to the drawing board. You know you're a liar. This is why you are utter calamity of the week because you want to tell people our rights are under attack when our rights are not under attack at all.


Let's look at President Trump's cabinet. How many gay people does he work with on a daily basis? Scott Bessant, the Treasury Secretary. It's one of the most high profile gay men in the country right now. Not because he's gay, but because he's excellent at what he's doing, right? This was not a DEI hire. He was chosen off of merit. So Andy Cohen, we wish you well. Good luck getting the ratings up on your failing shows on Bravo. Good luck with your late night show that nobody is watching, and we wish you well. Now, this next person we have to discuss is none other than Grifter. Greta Thunberg. This little lesbian has found a new social movement to attach herself to for fame and fortune and notoriety. Greta Thunberg, as we speak, as we speak, as you listen to this, as we watch it, she is on a boat sailing to Gaza.


You could not pay me to sail to Gaza. In fact, the only boat I'm going to get on is below deck, okay? Unless it's the below deck boat where we have stewardesses and master bedrooms and themed parties and amenities and nice home-cooked meals. You won't see me on the boat, but Greta Thunberg, let me read you about what's going on right now. So she is on a boat called the Mad Lean, and they took off from the Sicilian port of Katanya, which sounds nice, right? Except she's on a boat with a bunch of dirty people who haven't showered and a bunch of want tobe activists sailing to Gaza, okay? That boat probably stinks and reeks. Okay? So she took off from the Sicilian Port of Katanya, and this is part of the Freedom Flotilla Coalition. That sounds like something you'd order at Chipotle.


Can I get a Frida Flotilla with ci guac and chips? I could not ever be on this boat, but Greta Thunberg, this little, I was gonna call her a really bad word, but this little lesbian has decided, You know what? Climate change wasn't getting her fame anymore. She, she decided, You know what? Climate's not getting me fame. She went out there and said, we're going to get into a new ice age. That didn't happen then. It was global warming, and then the data didn't show that. So she's decided, she's done with the whole climate rift. She then goes to Ukraine, she meets with Zelensky, and she's pushing Ukraine Peace and Ukraine this and stop fossil fuels. Then that got kind of boring. She realized no one gives a rat's ass about the Ukraine war anymore. We wanted to end.


We don't care. We're bored. I'm sorry if you don't like me saying it. It's the truth. A majority of Americans we're focused on our own issues. So then Greta Thunberg has to find something new. Of course, she goes and she gets her little kafi and she gets on a sailboat, and she's going to break the siege and try to get humanitarian aid into Gaza. Now on this ship, we'll put the picture back up on the screen. I don't know how much humanitarian aid she thinks she's going to get to Gaza, but this is who Greta Thunberg is. She attaches herself to these little social movements, and then she just wants fame and fortune. And Greta Thunberg. I also had my team pull up some pictures of her being arrested. This is someone who constantly tries to get arrested for fame and fortune, and she somehow always has a camera crew with her.


Greta Thunberg. She miraculously has professional high definition camera when she's being carried and carted out like a drunk sorority girl at the end of the night being put into an Uber. That is who Greta Thunberg is. She's disgusting. Greta Thunberg really speaks to a larger cultural issue right now, which is that a lot of young people, she's 22, they have no real sense of self or identity. There are a lot of young people. They grew up on social media. They grew up in a very polarizing time. They grew up watching TikTok for the last five years, and they haven't really developed their own sense of identity. And so what do you do when you have no sense of self and no passion, and you're devoid of purpose. You attach yourself to whatever the social movement is at the time, right? So first it's climate. It's the climate agenda.


It's the climate mob. Then she attaches herself to Ukraine. Now she's attaching herself to Gaza. That's what we're seeing here in the streets, in the United States of America, at Columbia University, at Stanford. We're seeing all of these protests be because these kids have nothing else to do. These kids have not really found what makes their life tick and what their purpose is. And instead of faith, family, and a job, they're attaching themselves to social movements and they're going out and protesting every single day. And I have no problem with people peacefully protesting, right? This is the United States of America. We have the Constitution for a re for a reason. You have a right to assemble. You have a right to free speech. But I think at a certain point, you gotta look in the mirror and say, what the hell am I doing with my life? Is Greta Thunberg gonna be eighty two, ninety two, a hundred two, with nothing to show for her life, except she goes to protest and get arrested.


That's who Greta Thunberg is. She's sailing into Gaza like she's fricking Christopher Columbus. I hope the boat goes better than the Titanic. I hope the boat goes well. Last night we saw a video, a drone was circling her boat. They said a drone is circling Greta Thunberg boat. So by the time you listen to this, she might've been drone striped. Okay? If Greta Thunberg gets drone strike, then that's on her. I'm sorry. I know it sounds harsh, but she needs to find something better to do instead of being a disruptor. I don't know who is funding her. I question all the time who is funding these radical performative activist? Because as we saw at Columbia University, they had professional protest consultants who came in and taught them how to break into buildings, how to barricade doors.


We had grown women and men who came in and taught college kids how to be disruptors on campus. So I would question, who's funding Greta Thunberg, who is funding this Freedom Flotilla coalition? I also have to say the whole thing is kind of a lie in my opinion. I saw pictures last night as well. You had smaller little zodiac boats that were following the main sailboats. So this isn't a real situation. They have a full camera crew. Obviously there's a budget. So I don't really think this is some altruistic situation Greta Thunberg has in her life. I think she's doing this for fame and fortune, just like all of these people, because they have nothing better going on except to attach themselves to these social movements. Now, here's what Greta Thunberg actually said.


She said, we are doing this because no matter what odds we are against, we have to keep trying. And then she burst into tears because the moment we stop trying is when we lose our humanity. And no matter how dangerous this mission is, it's not even near as dangerous as as the silence of the entire world in the face of the livestream genocide. Now, when I went to her Instagram, her bio also said she's an autistic and bipolar climate justice activist. Come and get it. Everybody come. Any men out there? We got some takers. Greta Thunberg. We have a bipolar climate justice activist. I don't know what the hell that is. Like I said, these people have made up jobs. She needs to go get a real JOB. And what's funny to me about Greta Thunberg, she has all the time and energy to attach herself to these protests.


I dare her to work at a fast food restaurant for eight hours. Greta Thunberg, she can do these fancy things. She can get on boats with camera crews and be this performative justice activist. I'm sure there are tons of people who would love to have that BS job. Go work the window at McDonald's for eight hours and Greta Thunberg, you will be in tears. Okay? When someone sends the fries back and say they're not hot enough without enough salt, Greta Thunberg, you will be on the ground in a puddle of tears because you have no real skills and you have no real work ethic. So we wish you well. We wish you well, Greta Thunberg, but it's clear that your entire grift is fame, fortune, and attaching yourself to another social movement. But you've made millions of followers. You've probably, in my opinion, made millions of dollars.


I don't know where that money is being routed, but we wish you well, Greta Thunberg. We have to pay some bills, and when we come back, we will be discussing none other than the Duchess of scam AOT herself, Meghan Markle. It would not be an episode of Spot On with Link Lauren, if we did not talk about the two little hucksters in Montecito. So I'll see you in a sec. Well, we thought we were going to pay some bills. I wanted to come on here really quickly because I don't want to get sued by Greta Thunberg because clearly she wants fame and fortune and she might come after us. I alleged in the previous 10 minute segment that Greta Thunberg might be a lesbian. I thought, You know, she walks like a duck, quacks like a duck. She might be a lesbian. She's out there with her rainbow flag and a Palestinian kafi. Two things that don't normally go together, but Greta Thunberg, I formally apologize for insinuating that you might be a lesbian.


That was only my opinion. We clearly have no facts to back that up. If there are any men out there, come and get it. You're welcome to reach out to Greta Thunberg. I apologize sincerely for calling you a lesbian.


Now let's get into the ad and pay some bills. Let me tell you a story about a guy named Leo Gorilla. While on a road trip, Leo came across a doberman, this dog was severely underweight and clearly in trouble. Leo rescued that Doberman and named him Delta. Sadly, Delta was just one of many animals that needed help, which inspired Leo to start Delta Rescue, the largest no kill care for life animal sanctuary in the world. They've rescued thousands of dogs, cats, and horses from the wilderness, and they provide their animals with shelter, love, safety, and a home. This dedication and everlasting love to animals is Leo's mission and legacy. Delta Rescue relies solely on contributions from people like us. And if you want caring for these animals to be part of your legacy, speak with your estate planner because they're tax saving estate planning benefits too. You can grow your estate while letting your love for animals live well into the future. Check out the estate planning tab on their website to learn more and speak with an advisor. We call a dog man's best friend for a reason you can help those who need it most. So please visit delta rescue.org today to learn more. That's delta rescue.org.


Now, the laziest woman on Earth, Meghan Markle, is back with some words of wisdom. Okay? The Duchess of Scam Aott, who conned the royal family, who conned everybody in the UK into thinking she was some big Hollywood actress, even though none of us had really ever heard of her. She has some words of wisdom about finding that work life balance. This is a clip we're gonna play from her podcast, confessions of a Female Founder. I still don't know what she has found except a rich husband and a mansion in Montecito. But nonetheless, let's take a listen and then discuss. I think that's gonna be one of the hardest lessons. Look, even for me, I hear you saying that and I'm integrating that going, yeah, just take a minute to breathe.


Enjoy it. Go have a date night. We have a date night tonight. That's right. Also good. Exactly. Meghan Markle talking about finding work life balance when she has done nothing in years, part of her gripe with the royal family is that she didn't wanna work. Okay? As I've been saying, she should run for Congress as a Democrat like Jasmine Crockett, because Jasmine, she doesn't wanna work. She wants to twerk and film these ridiculous TikTok videos. That's kind of like Meghan Markle. She has done nothing. She allegedly wanted to be paid for royal engagements in Australia. She wanted to be paid like a fricking Kardashian. When they show up at a nightclub, that's who Meghan Markle is. So talking about work life balance is just anathema to who she is in reality, because all she does is life.


We're not seeing a lot of work in Meghan Markel's life. You know what I'm saying? The royals get up and they, they do engagements almost every single day. Queen Elizabeth, rest in peace and Prince Philip, they would go out there every single day and raise funds and awareness for issues in the commonwealth. Meghan Markle did not want to do that. So her talking about work-life balance when she put her name on some jams, jellies, and dog biscuits. That's it. Meghan Markle, I would dare you to work 40 hours a week. I would dare Meghan Markle to go out there and have a real job, except being a washed up Duchess sitting around her mansion. I dare you, Meghan Markle to go out there and do that. But I'm not holding my breath. Now, another clip we have, she talks about building something with her daughter, Lily be, and we all knew this was coming.


Anybody who's followed the royals, and especially Meghan Markle, this little grifter, we knew she was gonna cash in on the daughter. Let's listen to the clip and then discuss. Just curious. I mean, I wonder if one day I'll be in business with Lily and we'll be building something. Yeah, that's the best. As I predicted, Meghan Markle is already thinking of building something with her 4-year-old daughter, Lily bet, like the Kardashians. They always said, we're not gonna put our kids on the show. We're not gonna put our kids on reality television. Now all we see is Northwest. We see Penelope, we see Mason Scott Disks son. We see the Kardashian kids all the time. And lo and behold, Meghan Markle posted a picture today with her daughter, Lily be So she's already planting the seed.


She's using the kids for clicks, likes, and attention and money. I would not be shocked if she uses the daughter to promote some children's clothing line. She already said, Hey, might do a clothing line in 2026. This is who Meghan Markle is. She has really run dry. She has run stale. She's more washed up than ever. Less and less people care. So what's she gonna do? She has to use the kids more and more. Archie and the Libe and Meghan Markle, she's also a very competitive person, right? I wish that would cross over into her work ethic. Unfortunately it doesn't. But she is competitive in some ways, especially with William and Katherine. So William and Katherine, kids over in the uk, we see them constantly. We see the, we see them all the time. They're put together. They look nice.


They're smart, they're cute, they're handsome. Meghan Markle is gonna want to compete with those kids. She is going to want to trot her children out there for fame and fortune because she's getting desperate. I would not be shocked. I would not be shocked. My friends, if we see a People magazine spread with the kids, I just wouldn't be shocked to see it. She works with People Magazine, allegedly, in my opinion, people Magazine has become her mouthpiece. All they do is give her glowing coverage every single day. So kudos to Meghan, Mark's publicist. But Meghan Markle is gonna start using those kids more and more for fame and fortune, because her brand sucks the brand as ever, in my opinion, it's going downhill. Nobody's buying it. She's already saying she might not restock till 2026, and we have a clip of her discussing this whole restock situation.


Let's listen. And so for me at the moment with as ever, it was great. We plan. We plan for a year, we get, and then everything sells out in 45 minutes, which yes, amazing, great news. But Then what do you do then? Then what do you do? And then you say, okay, we planned as best as we could. Yes. Are we going to replenish and sell out again in an hour or is that annoying as a customer? Yeah, I'm, I'm looking at it. It is saying, just pause. Yeah, that happened. Let's wait until we are come Ready to Completely stable and we have everything we need. I go through the same thing, Right, where you're trying to just balance inventory cost. Yes. Make, I mean, at least our things are shelf stable.


I think that scarcity mentality at the beginning yes, might be a hook for people. Not dissimilar to a sneaker drop, right? Yes, Exactly. But when you're talking about products, Products that you need to be consistent with are, are foods that you want to provide to your family. I don't want you to eat that jam once every six months, right? I want that to be on your shelf, right all the time. Meghan Markle had years to prepare her launch. The fact that it just sold out. We don't have the numbers, and she wasn't prepared for a second launch. That is her fault. It tells me there's really no demand, and she's now covering her ass. Okay, how hard is it to put some jams and jellies and spreads in a jar and stick your name on it in a cheap little carton and put it up on the internet?


This is an e-commerce business. As far as I know. She's not selling anything in stores. This is e-commerce. She could already be pre-ordering the next batch, but something tells me something is rotten in Denmark. Nobody cares because Meghan Markel's brand is not as strong as she thinks it is, but she's surrounded by yes people. And like any narcissist, she's full of hot air and she thinks everything she does is amazing. Everything she touches is going to turn to gold. That's who Meghan Markle is. I think it's also interesting, prince Harry has nothing to do with this brand. This is not the Harry and Meghan brand. He's like, sweetheart, you go take care of that yourself. He's smart enough to know, even in his psychedelic mushroom animal brain, not to go anywhere near this failing brand because Meghan Markle is radioactive.


Nobody wants to work with her. The second season of her show was allegedly already pre-taped, and Netflix is just packaging it. 'cause they're like, what? We have all these deleted scenes. Let's throw 'em out there and see if people wanna watch. What the hell are we gonna do with them? But Meghan Markle know, this brand really has gone awry. She did one launch, it failed. And she's out here saying, I want people to have my products every single day. Well, if that was the case, why aren't you selling them? Something isn't adding up. She's lying through her teeth and she has a history of lying. She went on Oprah, she lied. She goes on interviews, she lies. Her stories changed constantly. So why are we supposed to believe her now with this brand? I think she's gonna have to go back to the drawing board and figure out what to do. Maybe it's divorcing Harry.


Maybe that's the big bombshell. Maybe she does her tell all book. Maybe it's the children, but something clearly isn't working for Meghan Markle. The fact that this brand is not restocking till 2026, and she's now saying she might not even wanna do jams and jellies. So what the heck is going on? But Meghan Markle, we wish you well. We really wish you well. I don't want Meghan Markle to change. I want Meghan Markle to continue being this out of touch, waspy woman who lives in a mansion in Montecito, because it gives us a lot to talk about. She's actually someone who should be studied by science, right? When Meghan Markle passes away, we should be studying her brain, because I don't know if there's anyone more narcissistic and delusional on earth except maybe Kamala Harris. I would love to have people in my corner who blow hot air in my, who blow hot air up my ass all day and tell me I'm amazing like Meghan Markle has.


But unfortunately, I live here In reality, I don't live in Montecito with a prince. So Meghan Markle, Bon Voyage, we wish your brand well. We will be expecting something with the kids soon. We know Meghan Markle is gonna be doing something with the kids soon. I can feel it. I can taste it. My sixth sense is telling me. So we'll be covering that here on spot on. As for you guys, this is the end of our show, but I wanted to thank you so much for tuning in and making this show a success. A lot of you share the show with your friends. You post about it, you tweet about it, you put it on Facebook. I work for you guys. I wanna cover the topics you're interested in, so please leave a comment. Tell us what you're interested in. We also have some bonus content coming on Friday. We'll be discussing dating across party lines, what it's like dating a liberal if you're a conservative.


I don't think it's really possible right now in this political climate. I don't think it's possible, but we'll be back on Friday to discuss that. I love you guys. I will see you the next one. Bye.


When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads, when it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world-class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is M MIT a partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mit.edu.


The essential Mango Coconut Freeze, it makes its appearance at the dinner party right when the night could go either way between nice evening and legendary Served in eight perfect stone wear bowls to the sounds of circa 1950 Bossanova seconds. A good debate and an impromptu round of Never have I ever follow. It's gonna be a late one. The Essential Evening Extender made possible with Vitamix.