
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, April 15th, 2025. This is your AM Update. Last night we experienced an attack, not just on our family, but on the entire Commonwealth of Pennsylvania here at the Governor's residence, Disturbing new details about the suspect in the arson attack on Pennsylvania. Governor Josh Shapiro's residence. How can I return him today that just I, I smuggle him into the United States, or what Do I do? President of El Salvador, naive Bukele saying he will not return a suspected MS 13 gang member to the US Federal authorities investigate a disturbing plot allegedly by a Wisconsin team to kill President Trump and the all female Blue Origin space flight goes off without a hitch and without much time and space.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


One in two adults have high blood pressure. Many don't even know it. That's a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting super fruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk free with their two week trial. Just go to 1 21 2 0 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor. Watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks, that they will give you your money back. If you're not satisfied, so you have nothing to lose, but those high blood pressure numbers, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com. And remember to use the code MK to save 15% off your order. This is serious. This is your life. We're talking about one 20. Life can help take control of your life and your health today.


Disturbing new details in the arson attack against Democrat governor from Pennsylvania, Josh Shapiro's home, 38-year-old suspect Cody Bomber turning himself into police held on state charges, including attempted murder, aggravated arson, and terrorism with the likelihood of federal charges still to come. CNN reporting, investigators believe mental health issues may be a factor in this attack. Mr. Bomber admitting to making Molotov cocktails with lawnmower, gasoline and beer bottles. The suspect telling police he walked about one hour from his home in Harrisburg to the governor's home early Sunday morning, the affidavit alleging security cameras captured Mr. Bomber breaking two windows with a hammer, throwing one Molotov cocktail through a broken window and climbing in through the other.


Once inside, according to the affidavit, Mr. Bomber tossed a second bottle to further spread the flames. Governor Shapiro and his family were awoken around 2:00 AM by state troopers alerting them to the fire. Thankfully, there were no injuries. Photos of the aftermath showing extensive damage to the home. The governor speaking out in a Sunday press conference Last night, we experienced an attack not just on our family, but on the entire Commonwealth of Pennsylvania here at the Governor's residence. I spoke a couple hours ago with Director Cash Patel of the FBI. He promised all of the resources of the federal government.


He was extremely kind and courteous and thoughtful in his conversation with me, and I thanked him and the women and men of the FBI and the President of the United States for their support. Lori and I are overwhelmed by the prayers and the messages of support that we've received from all across Pennsylvania and all across the United States. Authorities say Mr. Bomber admits to harboring hatred toward Governor Shapiro. The affidavit reading quote bomber was asked specifically what he would've done if Governor Shapiro found him inside of his residence, to which bomber advised he would've beaten him with his hammer.


Mr. Bomber's social media presence suggesting anti-government views against both Democrats and Republicans NBC reporting. In 2022, Mr. Baumer posted an image of a Molotov cocktail with the words, be the light you want to see in the world. Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle speaking out against political violence. Former President Biden posting to x quote, there is no place for this type of evil in America. And as I told the governor yesterday, we must stand united against hatred and violence. Vice President JD Vance, posting to X. Thanks be to God that Governor Shapiro and his family were unharmed in this attack, really disgusting violence and I hope whoever did it is brought swiftly to justice. President Trump speaking out from the oval.


The attacker was not a fan of Trump. I understand. And just from what I read and from what I've been told, the attacker basically wasn't a fan of anybody. It's probably just a whack job and certainly a thing like that cannot be allowed to happen. Mr. Bomber has a criminal history in 2015, pleading guilty to forgery and theft again in 2016, pleading guilty to forgery. Mr. Bomber also expected in court in a matter of days relating to a 2023 assault charge, President of El Salvador, naive Bukele, visiting the White House today to advance cooperation with the Trump administration in cracking down on foreign gang members illegally living in the US Mr.


Bukele agreeing in February to accept deported illegal aliens from the US in exchange for a small fee reporters in the Oval pressing Administration officials on the status of Kmar Rego Garcia, an illegal immigrant from El Salvador previously found by two immigration judges to have ties to MS 13. In 2019, Mr. Garcia was ordered deported, but then convinced an immigration court to protect him from being sent to one country, El Salvador, claiming that he could face gang violence there. The DOJ acknowledging in March, Mr. Garcia, who is deportable, the question is to where was loaded onto a plane destined for El Salvador due to quote an administrative error end quote last week, the Supreme Court ruling a lower court may have overstepped its authority by ruling the federal government must facilitate and effectuate Mr.


Garcia's return. The DOJ providing daily status updates to the court on Mr. Garcia now stating he is held in the Terrorism confinement center and is in good Health Attorney General Pam Bondy weighing in from the oval That's up to El Salvador if they want to return him. That's not up to us. The Supreme Court ruled president that if as El Salvador wants to return him, this, this is International matters Foreign Affairs, if they wanted to return him, we would facilitate it, meaning provide a plane. Deputy Chief of Staff for policy, Steven Miller elaborating on the Supreme Court's ruling. It is very arrogant, even for American media to suggest that we would even tell El Salvador how to handle their own citizens as a starting point.


As two immigration courts found that he was a member of MS 13 when President Trump declared MS 13 to be a foreign terrorist organization. That meant that he was no longer eligible under federal law, which I'm sure You know, you're very familiar with the INA, that he was no longer eligible for any form of immigration relief in the United States. A district court judge tried to tell the administration that they had to kidnap a citizen of El Salvador and fly him back here. That issue was raised with the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court said the District court order was unlawful and its main components were verse nine zero unanimously stating clearly that neither secretary of state nor the president could be compelled by anybody to forcibly retrieve a citizen of El Salvador.


Mr. Miller going on to say, if Mr. Garcia were sent back to the United States, he would be deported a second time. C Nnn White House correspondent Kaitlyn Collins asking President Bouley, if he has plans to return Mr. Garcia, How can I return him to the United States? It's like I smuggle him into the United States or what do I do? Of course I'm not gonna do it. It's like, I mean the, the question is preposterous. How can I smuggle the terrorist into the United States? I don I don't have the power to return him to the United States. I mean, we're not very fond of releasing terrorists into our country. Pressed again by Ms. Collins about returning Mr. Garcia, president Trump saying, And they said the have to answer, it must be facilitated. Why don't you just say, isn't it wonderful that we're keeping criminals out of our Country?


Mr. Trump then saying the US will work with El Salvador to remove as many illegal aliens from this country as possible. Coming up federal authorities investigating a Wisconsin teenager for allegedly plotting to kill President Trump. And the details are alarming. And the all female space crew, including pop star Katy Perry, returns safely to earth after a trip that took less time than it would to load your dishwasher. As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrats, Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois.


And according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org. And you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


Federal authorities investigating a disturbing case out of Wisconsin involving a suspected plot to assassinate President Trump by a 17-year-old named Nikita Casap. In March State authorities conducting a wellness check on the home of Tatiana Casap and Donald Mayer. Following a request from Mr. Mayor's mother Kass's step-grandmother telling local police she was unable to contact the family and learn from the high school that Kassab had not attended in two weeks, authorities discovering Kass's mother and stepfather deceased both bodies badly decomposed with visible bullet wounds covered in blankets, Casap nowhere to be found, his stepfather's car and the family dog missing.


Waukesha authorities alleging Kassab fatally shot his parents and lived with the bodies for weeks before fleeing with the dog. He was arrested by local authorities in Kansas, discovered with thousands in cash, a smashed home safe, a number of electronic devices, his stepfather's, gun and ammo. Wisconsin State authorities slapping casap with a slate of charges, including two counts of first degree murder, two counts of hiding, a corpse theft of property and operating a motor vehicle without the owner's consent. The 34 page document reading quote, the killing of his parents appeared to be an effort to obtain the financial means and autonomy necessary to carry out his plan. An FBI review of documents discovered by state police include a manifesto in which they say Kassab calls for the assassination of President Trump to quote, foment a political revolution in the United States and save the white race from Jewish controlled politicians.


According to the warrant, Casap allegedly studied an image with directions on how to extend the range of an an attack by drone and ways to avoid detection. The instructions provide direction to use a small dropper to drop an explosive Molotov cocktail or very strong topical poison. Federal authorities have yet to formally charge Kassab. The suspect currently held on $1 million bond in Waukesha County. Jail is set for a May 7th arraignment relating to the state charges. The ladies of the Blue Origin space crew back safely on earth after a brief. And we do mean brief trip to space. The all female crew, including Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos's, fianc, Lauren Sanchez, Pop star, Katy Perry, TV host, Gail King, film producer Carrie Ann Flynn, civil rights activist, Amanda Wynn and NASA rocket scientist Aisha Beau blasting into space in a round trip totaling 10 minutes and 21 seconds.


The New Shepherd Rocket spending about three minutes just beyond the Earth's atmosphere. The group lauded by journalists covering the event for Blue Origin, who sounded almost like they were watching an Apollo mission, Two days becoming a crew, becoming a team. After you go through An experience like this, it's, it's more than a team. It's almost like a family. That intensive training consisted of learning how to enter and exit the vessel, buckle their seat belts and talk to mission control. Ka Perry and Gail King kissing the ground. Upon their return, Jeff Bezos swooped up.


Lauren Sanchez, like she was just back from a trip to Iraq. Ms. Sanchez offered this profundity just back from her flight. Earth looked so. It was so quiet. It was just quiet. And is it what you expected? No. No better n Oh yeah, beyond. I don't think You can describe it. 'cause You know what I'm saying? It was like quiet, but then also really alive. And you look at it and you're like, we're all in this together. Super quiet, but also really alive.


And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms.