
When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. That's what you might do when you hear Discover will automatically double the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cash back match. Wait, what? Yep, double the cash back is something so good. You might do a triple take. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


My Keurig brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it so I can keep grinding on my paper. You know I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course, you know I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say it's a literal lifesaver. Cheers to that. Shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. And this weekend best of special. We had a busy week on the show beginning on Labor Day on Monday with a special edition of the program and my interview with four brave veterans who served our country. They spoke out together for the first time about the man who was the leader of their National Guard unit in Minnesota. Tim Walls who decided to retire conveniently right before the unit was deployed to Iraq.


I also spoke with our pal Glenn Greenwald, about what we're seeing from the Democratic Party when it comes to censorship of those whose opinions they don't much like, like former President Donald Trump, of course, but also those on the Dems side, like Jill Stein and Tulsi Gabbard. She's now a registered independent, but they didn't like her when she was an outspoken Democrat either. Matt Walsh of The Daily Wire was with me as well this week for the first interview about his new movie out next week called Am I Racist? You will see exclusive clips and enjoy this interview immensely. The film is hilarious. It's going to make major waves when it hits theaters this week. Get ahead of the curve by watching this interview.


And I spoke with the host of the Real Clear Politics podcast and SiriusXM show about the Kamala Harris campaign. Still whining about the debate rules for Tuesday's debate and more. These are the polling gurus. They know tons about elections and you will find them fascinating here. As always, enjoy and we'll speak to you on Monday.


My Wrangler jeans from Walmart are legit, my favorite go-to pants. They get that slim cut that's always fresh for going out. Hey, what's up? The durable enough, even for my shift Water wrap And stretchy enough for when I want to kick back and chill with the movie. So basically they can do it all hand on my budget. I mean, come on, you really can't beat all that. Shop your Wrangler pants at Walmart.


Zuckerberg mentioned the pressure he was receiving over at Facebook from the government to suppress the Hunter Biden laptop saying it's one of the things he regrets doing. You still have some publications holding onto the fact to the, to the lie that this could be Russian disinformation. Those 51 intelligence analysts are still holding on to, well, you never know. It's been verified. They can't admit their mistakes, but it's somewhat promising that you've got somebody like Zuckerberg saying, I see now I see what they did and I see that I took the knee too fast. And you've got Elon standing up like these social media companies maybe are finding their spines.


Kamala Harris has along his long history of wanting to censor the internet, people on the internet who she finds objectionable, even people who happen to be president of the United States here she was back in October of 19 when Donald Trump was in the White House and she was mad about his so-called Perfect phone call that led to his first impeachment. Listen to her, You, I know you wrote to the Twitter and the CEO Jack Dorsey and asked him to take away the president's. Yeah, Twitter, handle his account. H how is that not a violation of free speech? How would that not just be a slippery slope where they have to ban, you know, half of the people on Twitter?


I've heard that argument, but, but here's the thing, Jake, first of all, a a corporation, which is what Twitter is, it does not have the has obligations. And in this case, Twitter has terms of use policy and their terms of use dictate who receives the privilege of speaking on that platform and who does not. And Donald Trump has clearly violated the terms of use and there should be a consequence for that. I mean, think about that. Trying to get the president of the United States banned from expressing his views on one of the biggest pub public platforms we have, because she thinks this is an outside person at that point, that he's violated the terms of use.


Well, Meghan, when she ran for a president, and it was about six seconds because her campaign was such a failure in 2019 for the Democratic nomination she made as one of her central planks, a demand that Donald Trump be banned from the internet. And I remember very well she was on a stage with people like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren and she said, Senator Warren, I challenge you to support my argument that Donald Trump should be banned from the internet. And even Elizabeth Warren was like, I don't know, that seems kind of radical to ban the you're crazy United States. And and remember they, they did ban him. Twitter, Facebook, Google all got together after January 6th and they forcibly banned the sitting president of the United States to the point that even the western European countries who hated Trump said, this is alarming, this is scary, this should not be happening.


Much of the world reacted that way. And I think it, I think what, you know, it's sort of the thing where we're all inculcated from birth to believe that the United States is the home of freedom. That one of the things that distinguishes us is free speech, but If, you start gradually eroding that one incident after the next, after the next. You can get very, very far to a sort of authoritarian or tyrannical situation without really realizing that you're there. When you have people talking about banning, obviously they wanted to put their political opponent in prison, they wanted to ban him from the ballot, but the first step was let's ban him from the internet. Remember, these are the people saying, If, you don't vote for us, democracy will die. And yet every single thing that is the hallmark of tyranny in other countries with their political opponents is everything they've been trying to do.


And in 2019, Kamala Harris led the way on that. That was how she tried to distinguish her political campaign and gain support among Democrats. Absolutely right. And here's that moment that you just referenced from that debate back in 2019. Watch Here we have Donald Trump who has 65 million Twitter followers and is using that platform as the president of the United States to openly intimidate witnesses, to threaten witnesses, to obstruct justice. And he and his account should be taken down. We saw in El Paso that that shooter in his manifesto was informed by how Donald Trump uses that platform.


And this is a matter of corporate responsibility. Twitter should be held accountable and shut down that site. It is a matter of safety and corporate accountability. Thank You. So look, I don't just wanna push Donald Trump off Twitter, I wanna push him out of the White House. That's our job. So join Me now. But the way, join me in saying that his Twitter accounts should be shut down. Figure, Let's figure Out no, why It is that we have had laws on the book. She's like, okay, crazy lady from California even I'm not that nuts over here in Massachusetts. Yeah, you know, this is, I mean this is incredibly alarming If. you look at pulling data, Megan, and you ask Americans, do you support either having big tech censor the internet in the name of disinformation or the US government censor the internet in the name of internet and in the name of disinformation, 75 to 80% of Democrats want not just big tech, but the government to regulate and censor the internet in the name of stopping disinformation, which is what George Orwell warned about.


The idea that the government becomes the minister of truth no longer allows free debate because they say this is truth, this is false. That's the basis of Brazil. Oh, Elon Musk is allowing opinions that are false and therefore that's fake news and illegal. One of the things Zuckerberg said about Covid was that so much of what he was being pressured by the US government, by the Biden administration to censor about covid not only was entirely debatable, meaning they wanted him to censor things like it came from a lab leak. And he was saying, obviously at the time there was no proof one way or the other people were debating it. They wanted to take down anything that might have come from the lab leak. But he said also they ended up since demanding, we censor things that turned out to be true about the efficacy of masks, the dangers of vaccines, the absurdity of social distancing.


So there If you, it would be one thing if, if the government were saying we only wanna censor things that are demonstrably false, that would still be bad enough. That's what oral warned about. But the censorship push is to censor things that are true or that are debatable. They really do want an internet that is dissent free, just like so much of their media is dissent free. And what is more alarming than trying to turn the United States or any democracy into a system of closed information. What's crazy is a couple of the points you just mentioned are in the news today and on my agenda to go over with you. But that's why this story about, you know, kicking it off with what's happening with Brazil and X and then Kamala's position on censorship is so important.


It ties into so much of what's already happening in the United States. So the Russia thing, right? Like there, there's danger out there and therefore we must censor, whether it's the Hunter Biden laptop, which was censored wrongly or you know, these evil forces who are trying to interfere with our election. Just Monday, this is in the news this week, the DNC called the Democratic, well, the Green Party presidential nominee, a useful idiot for Russia citing Jill Stein's upcoming event in Tampa in which she's expected to lend her support to three members of a black leftist group, federally charged for allegedly acting as malign foreign agents of Putin's government.


The quoting here from the bulwark dart.com. So they almost, they ignored this person for the better part of a year, Jill Stein. But now that she's doing this thing, they're coming out calling her a useful idiot for Russia. This is basically her own party. And this is what they did to Tulsi Gabbard too. When she became a threat to their chosen nominee, she had to be dismissed as a Russian asset. Not to mention what they did to Donald Trump. This is their favorite trick. And the Jill Stein thing and what we're about to talk about with respect to the CNN report, it's just this is their go-to bag of tricks, Glen, that it's all the Russians, anybody who gets under their skin or potentially takes away 1% of the vote in a critical swing state is a Russian.


And any problems of the Democrat's own making making, that's a Russian as a disinformation campaign. Yeah. So lemme just mention really quickly this case of the black socialists who are being now federally prosecuted because I covered it a lot. Tucker had put them on his show quite a bit as well. Obviously a lot of people's audiences, but disagree with a lot of these people's views. But these are like 70 and 80-year-old guys who are like old standard leftists who are spent their whole life opposing what they call NATO imperialism, US militarism. And of course it follows that they are against us funding of the war in Ukraine. That's consistent with their lifelong beliefs.


But because the tactic of the Democratic party now is to accuse all of their enemies, not just on the right, but as you see with Jill Stein or anybody who threatens their power, they just accuse everybody of being an agent of the Kremlin. They prosecuted these people because they were speaking out against the war in Ukraine and they had these very tenuous connections to a couple of peace activists in Russia. And it's so obviously an attempt to stifle free speech by saying that even If, you speak out against our war, which is as foundational to the United States as possible. You're right to oppose a government's war policy. We can now prosecute you. And and it was a OC who led the charge against Jill Stein because they're obviously petrified, she's gonna take away democratic votes.


And I've seen this now Megan, for eight years. Our country from 2016 until 2018 was drowned as the main story in this false allegation that Trump conspired with the Russians to hack into the DNC. They unleashed Robert Mueller Superman prosecutor, FBI director with a team of unlimited resources and prosecutors. And at the end of that investigation, he concluded there was no evidence to support the core central conspiracy theory that the media gave themselves Pulitzers ratifying, that the two had collaborated and the media just moved on as if nothing had ever happened. And then in 2020, as you mentioned, the same thing me, Megan, there's not one media outlet that in 2020 put people on the air to say the Hunter Biden laptop is fake.


It's Russian disinformation. Every media outlet, once Biden was safely elected, not only admitted it was real, but began using it in the reporting the FBI used it to prosecute under Biden. Everyone knows it's real. Not one media outlet came forward and said, we got this wrong. Here's why we got this wrong. Because they're not in the business of telling truth. They will say what they need to say, Based on whatever their DNC or CIA or FBI sources are telling them to say in order to sabotage Trump. And that is the truth, Even those 51. So-called intelligence agents, it like the FBI agents took the stand and under oath in the Hunter Biden trial testified that the laptop had been verified.


Where was Leslie Stahl? A 60 Minutes? It can't be verified. It can't be verified. Where was she saying, I am very sorry. Actually I was wrong and I was wrong at a crucial time in advance of that election. She's in the same bunker that Judy Woodruff of PBS is in right now trying to avoid coverage of the fact that they got caught. I'll be charitable, making massively consequential mistakes on the air and failing to own up to them. So just to put some meat on the bones of the DNC versus Jill Stein attack because Stein, while nobody's talking about her, she does have something approaching 1% in a couple of these swing states.


And the Democrats fervently believe that she played a role in costing Hillary the election in 2016. So the DNC releases this statement that reads it in part quote as follows. Jill Stein is a useful idiot for Russia after parroting Kremlin talking points and being propped up by bad actors in 2016. She's added, again, this is from the DNC spokesman, Matt Cordone quote, Jill Stein in the statement to the bulwark, Jill Stein won't become president, but her spoiler candidacy that both the GOP and Putin have previously shown interest in can help decide who wins a vote for Stein is a vote for Trump.


So this is them going, I mean, truly balls to the wall against this woman, the DNC, because they will kill any Democrat actor who Danes to get in the way of their chosen nominees Clear path. Ask Bernie Sanders, ask Dean Phillips, ask Tulsi Gabbard, ask RFKJ and ask Jill Stein. This is the key, the, the party of democracy. Glen, I think one of the things that reflects about the Democratic Party is that they have this arrogant entitlement that they believe all of these voters are theirs.


They also still blame Ralph Nader for George W. Bush. Yes. Victory in 2000 over Al Gore and the rea and, and, and all these voters for Nader. And Stein will tell you until they're blue in the face, that even if Jill Stein or Ralph Nader weren't running, I still wouldn't vote for the Democratic Party. I know it's a newsflash, but there are a lot of people in the United States who really don't believe in our two party system. Most democracies have a multi-party system. And Jill Stein is an outlet for a lot of people on the left who think that the Democratic Party is not worth voting for, for all sorts of reasons. And they think if they get rid of Jill Stein, those people will loyally march behind them. And I, and and, and also I think the, the, the other important thing to realize here, Megan, is that in 2016, the DNC cheated to make sure that Hillary beat Bernie that came from Elizabeth Warren and Donna Brazil.


This is hardly my own path speculation or a conspiracy theory. Yeah, I mean the, the, the WikiLeaks releases proved that the top five DNC officials, including w Wasserman Schultz had to resign right before the DNC because they got caught Red-handed doing it in 2020. Obama drove everybody out of the race, Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar, to make sure Joe Biden won. And then this year, not only did they say that they would not allow a primary or any debates, even though you had RFK Jr and Maryanne Williamson and Dean Phillips wanting to run against Joe Biden, once they saw that Joe Biden was going to lose because of the polls after the debate, they said in a back room, let's just get rid of him and impose on the party in the country a candidate who never once campaigned to be president, who never got one single vote.


The anti-democratic entitled mentality in the Democratic Party is impossible to oversee. Yes. We, we just pulled, I don't have the soundbite, but the, what they did to tulsi, and here's the, here's the quote. I don't know what article I'm quoting from my team will tell me in a second. Former Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton said The Russians are currently grooming. That's a quote, a Democrat running in the presidential primaries. This was the 2020 primary back in 19 grooming. The Russians are grooming a Democrat running in the presidential primary to run as a third party candidate and champion their interests. The comment appears to be directed at Hawaii. Representative Tulsi Gabbard, she's been accused of being cozy with Russia in the past, just being accused reference or warrants it being raised again.


Right? You remember that time you were accused random person of being a pedophile. And we'll just keep raising it in every article about you as though it was actually proven. I'm not making any predictions. This is quoting Hillary Clinton, but I think they've got their eye on somebody who is our, who is currently in the Democratic primary and are grooming her to be the third party candidate. Clinton said, speaking on a podcast with former Obama advisor, David Pluff. She's the favorite of the Russians. This is how it's done. Now, first of all, let's just recall that that prediction was completely false. Not only didn't Tulsi run as a third party, she endorsed Joe Biden in the 2020 election.


Kind of a weird thing to do if you're a Russian asset. But beyond that, you know, I know Tulsi reasonably well. Look at it from her perspective, Megan, she has been in the military since 2002. She deployed in combat in Iraq. She continues to be in the Army reserves sacrificing to defend her country. And here she is being accused by the Clintons who famously avoided any military service, including in Vietnam for all sorts of strange reasons, who never once did anything to benefit anyone but themselves questioning her patriotism and her loyalty simply because she was a critic of the Democratic Party. This is what they do. Now, when you, when you start accusing somebody, of being a secret agent of the Russian government working on, on behalf of the Kremlin, of course what you're saying is you're not just against us.


You are a disloyal American. And just like I was telling you before about Brazil, where they think that any criticism of the government is tantamount to a criticism of Brazilian democracy itself and therefore a crime. The Democrats believe that any opposition to themselves, any questioning of them, even from somebody who four years before was the vice chair of the Democratic National Committee Tulsa Gabbard, that the minute you criticize them or don't fall into line, it means not just that you're a bad person, but that you're actually disloyal and somebody who can be called with no evidence, a foreign agent of an adversarial power. It is remarkable how quickly and pervasively this, this tactic has spread not just among the party, but among all their media allies as well.


Among, among, Okay. There was another piece of information on Tulsi just recently. This is reading from the Daily Mail. They, that it was, that she's, she's on a government watch list and connection with all this nonsense. She's been labeled a quote, domestic terrorist, according to a whistleblower watchdog who's demanded an investigation into government surveillance on this. Okay, empower Oversight said the US Federal Marshal service was improperly targeting individuals for enhanced surveillance on flights and named victims, including the former presidential candidate. And so this is the allegation is that she has been placed under surveillance at airports and on planes per these whistleblowers who spoke to, this is Daily Mail uk, the Air Marshal National Council saying her name appears on the Quiet Skies program under the program, federal Air Marshals follow US citizens who pose an elevated risk to aviation security through airports and on flights.


As a result, there are at least five agents stalking her on every flight she takes. This is incredible. This has not been independently verified by us, but I remembered the report as we got talking about tulsi. And frankly, it's not hard to believe given the amount of crap they've thrown at this woman. My Keurig brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it so I can keep grinding on my paper, you know, I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course, you know, I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say it's a literal lifesaver.


Cheers to that shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart. When You see somebody saying they are one, when you know they're not one, they didn't do all the sacrifice from the family and the personal time. Well, how does it make you feel? Well, it, it burns the, the Command Sergeant Major corps, the E nine Corps across all the military. I think it'd be like, I I I reckoned it to the same as, as a a person that's like in a, in a training to be a doctor. And they, and they frock him and he can, he, he can wear a doctor, whatever badge in, in the hospital and go through the halls and, and act like he's a doctor, but he's still in training.


And then then all of a sudden he decides he drops out of the school 'cause it's too much work. I don't wanna do it anymore. And but then he still walks through the halls and says he's a doctor. I mean, if a civilian saw that they'd take the, he'd he'd get thrown in jail. And you know, this guy, he's a military impersonator with that. It's like, I'm, I'm using, you know, like you said, he is a retired command sort of major. He said it so many times that it just makes a person sick here. Yeah, he, the, the state of Minnesota said that he can say he's a, you know, he, he served as a command sergeant major, which he's never said I served as a command sergeant major. He, he blabs that he was a retired one. And that's where, you know, this originally came out with Mely in 2015 and 16 because we had a Veteran's Memorial that was getting dedicated.


And he came down as the congressman spoke to the small town and it was just, I'm retired, you know, you've seen all the videos. It's, he said it six times, six, seven times. It was in the paper. And a neighbor that sang national anthem, he, he says, God, I got to meet another command sergeant Major. He said, that's two of 'em I I've met. And I was like, he's not a retired command sergeant Major. I said, he didn't do the school. You, I went through the same things as Paul said. I said, the guy looked at me, he goes, we don't know that this needs to get out. And I said, well, I figured somebody above me, whether, you know, whether at at state level or you know, somebody would've corrected him and told him, you know, we cease and deist from what you're doing. Right. You're lying, you're doing it for political gain.


It's making you look better than you're, you're, you're wearing a 12 point rack in your head, but you got, you got Bambi's body basically is what, what you're doing. You're, you're not that Here's back to your friend Adam Smith. And by the way, I mean this guy's, the ranking member, meaning the most senior member there is on the Democrat side. 'cause they're not the party in power in the house right now. So he's the ranking member on the Armed Services Committee speaking to this issue, this issue of waltz calling himself a retired command sergeant Major here, watch it. He Was promoted to be a command sergeant major. So at one point he served in that rank. Now the way it works, which is not something that people aren't familiar with the military would be aware of.


You have to do a little bit more to be able to retire at that rank. Okay. So it is not wrong to say that Tim Walls was a command sergeant major. He was, it is wrong to say that he retired at that rank and that came out a couple of times and they corrected it. Okay. And you can see where, okay, he's both retired and he was a command sergeant major, but he is not a retired command sergeant major. That is true. And I think that is a very innocent mistake. You just had to do it. You're laughing. Why are you laughing? Paul's not laughing.


He's gonna have to touch me. Yeah, you're you're, you're okay. Calm down. No, but you know that that's the thing right there. Okay. Yeah. It's just an innocent little mistake in there that he did whatever. I wrote this letter to Tim Walls back in 16. I, I, I said, you know, thank you for your service. Thanks for what you've done for veterans, you know, thank you for your 24 years. But I said, you know, you were down here and you were saying you're a retired command sergeant major, you're not. And I had the state state command sergeant, major personnel officer tell me that he can only say he is a retired master sergeant. I mean, it was, it's all out there everywhere. He was officially demoted, just so people know it's in paperwork, you can look it up. He was demoted like his Right. He tried to retire as a command sergeant major and they caught him and said, no, that's not what you were, but keep going.


So I a man, I sent this letter to him. I, you know, it was like soldier to soldier. He is like, you know, give him a chance to just come clean, fix it, you know, just yeah. What, what Even Van Jones, I think is the guy's name on CNN said, you know, just come out and, and have a news conference and come clean so we can get over this, whatever. Hell, he'll never do it. He never did it back then. I I, he could have easily done it. He could have said, yeah, yes, I screwed up. I didn't know I wast that was that, and I think it would've went water under the bridge. That's where Colonel Co had to say, well, I, I sent the letter to the Armed Services Committee then after, I never heard nothing back from Jim Walls and the Ag Committee and every, every one he was on, it was like, you know, this guy is lying about his rent. Nobody responded.


He still hasn't responded, which is why we're here together. Exactly. I Mean, he, it's like, what? Well, he never will. He'll have a spokesperson say he misspoke. Well, so, or something. So here's, here's what he has said. All right, we're gonna play some of his sound here, where, oh no, he, he didn't really address it. But after this all hit, he got out there and did a couple of announcements at various rallies, and we'll take a look at one of them. This is SAT six in his rally. Right after, after the vice presidential announcement, My dad served in the army during the Korean War. And with his encouragement at 17, I joined the Army National Guard for 24 years.


I proudly wore the uniform of this nation. The National Guard gave me purpose. It gave me the strength of a shared commitment to something greater than ourselves. And just as it did for my dad and millions of others, the GI Bill gave me a shot at a college education. That was before all the controversy hit. He knew you guys were out there, but that's how he tried to spin it in his first appearance. Like, Hey, here I am. National Guardsman, in response to which you felt, what? Just he grab his leg.


What does grabbing the leg do? He, he just said that it was the biggest commitment and his exact words, I can't, it was bigger than himself. Right? Right. Bigger than himself. And I'm like, no, it wasn't. He he is, he's the pinnacle of everything. Right. Everything he does. And says, A couple years ago I did an interview and in that I said, he's a habitual liar. He lies about everything. He lies about stuff that doesn't make sense. And, you know, and again, here, here we got the, the Chamber of Commerce coming out.


Yeah. You were in the, the Nebraska National Guard. You came to the Minnesota National Guard. Why? I don't know. Let's talk about, oh, you, he, he says all these things like I was a, I was a, I was a football coach. You were assistant coach and you were fired because of a DUI that you lied about being deaf on Okay. To try and get out of whatever you were trying to get out of there. I mean, it just, it's just one habitual lie after another and they keep piling up and eventually you can't, there's not enough blankets to cover it up. You heard Adam Smith suggest there's a couple of times, you know, a couple times he, he mistakenly said he was a retired command sergeant major.


We put together just our own list that we could put, that we could find of him saying re that he was a retired command sergeant major. It's not just a couple of times. Here's, here's more than that in set one, I'm A retired command sergeant major. This is Congressman Tim Wal, he's a retired command sergeant Major in the Army artillery as a 24 year veteran of the Army National Guard and a retired command sergeant Major. I am a retired command sergeant major in the Minnesota National Guard. I Have a unique privilege in Congress is that by being elected from this district and being a retired command sergeant major, I am the highest ranking enlisted soldier to ever serve In Congress as a 24 year veteran of the National Guard and the Red Bull Division and a retired command sergeant, major Congressman Tim Waltz, also a member of the Armed Service Committee and Veterans Affairs, Democrat of Minnesota, highest ranking enlisted soldier ever to serve in Congress.


Enlisted in the Army National Guard at 17 and retired 24 years later as Command Sergeant Major and served with his battalion at Operating Enduring Freedom, Retired out as Command Sergeant Major. So When you first came to Washington, you were a retired command sergeant Major in the Army National Guard. Oh yeah. He misspoke a Lot. That's He misspoke a lot. A lot. And by the way, just so, so the record's clear, September, 2005, Minnesota National Guard discovered that his paperwork had been filed that was erroneous saying he was retiring as a, as a command sergeant major and they updated it to show that he retired as an E eight Master Sergeant September, 2005. Correct. So every single thing we just showed you was after September, 2005.


Sure. He knew that he had been demoted and he continued to say it over and over. And then there, there were some vets who went to his office in 2009 Right. To say, stop saying that and stop saying what you heard somebody else say in there. Which he has also said with his sign that you are a veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom, which is saying you've, it's not what's, what If you were a vet of Operation Enduring Freedom, which we are What are you saying? What did you do? I was in Bosnia. He, he doesn't have an expeditionary nut, anybody that was, that, that, that would've at least had an expeditionary medal.


He has not, he, he was not awarded that The, the general public thinks If, you say Operation Enduring Freedom that you went to Afghanistan. Yeah. That's that's literally what what the civilian That's what I thought. Say, I mean if I say Operation Iraqi Freedom, right. You pretty much know what it is. Operation Enduring Freedom covers Afghanistan and he's threw that spin on his thing all the time too. He's accepted both. Right. Both, both have been said about him in introductions that he served in Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom and he hasn't corrected he's allowed it to stand well. Exactly. And that, and that's the sad part about the lies that he spins is that he's, he's out there, he allows things to get said that are lies. I mean, there's, there was campaign publication sent him. I I'm in the first district there and I'd get him in the mail and I'd look at it and be, I'd just be like, you gotta kidding me.


I mean, can the, can the guy just have some, some loyalty and some integrity and, and do the right thing when nobody's looking? I mean, that, that's the thing that I've always, you know, integrity is being on a deserted island as a soldier and shaving your face with a seashell, If, you got one that If, you get re If, you get rescued, you look like a soldier. I mean, that's doing the right thing when nobody's watching. And he does the wrong thing when everybody's watching, trying to get away with it and, and putting a spin on it so we can get another vote and, and hopefully get in the next level of office. And that's, that's what's just sad about this Situation. And, and, you know, the, the, the whole point of us coming forward is, it, it's not, it, it's not just, it's e it's everything together.


It's not just that he misspoke about being a command sergeant major. It's not just that he lied directly to my face and other SART majors and officers faces about his commitment to going to war with his, with his units and also the confidence that that brings to soldiers that are gonna be in the trenches with you. It's, it's not just it, it's everything. It's about Him. Weapons in war. So I I, yeah, I'm, I, we're gonna make sure that the weapons that I carried in war don't have fall into the hands of civilians or whatever. You and I I, and I'm like, you never were in War Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago.


And dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army and I hunt and I gave the money back. And I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks. We can do CDC research, we can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. He and he, and he says things to Gold Star families that lets them allude like when I came back, they told us to watch the Horse Whisperer and move on. And I go, yeah, 'cause you were in Italy, okay.


No offense to anybody that was in Italy, but when you're sucking down a latte and people are getting shot at, there's a big difference. Okay? And I ha and everybody has a role to play, don't get me wrong. Everybody has a role to play. But the point is, is that take honest accountability for the role that you play, but Most guys who did not actually serve in Afghanistan or Iraq would never say they served in Afghanistan or Iraq. No, I I don't know anybody that's done it myself, just on the civilian side, let alone somebody running for an office at all. And absolutely not at national level. This is just unbelievable that somebody can, can have that lie spun and still be doing it.


You know, it comes out that he has a coin that has the CSM on on it. Yes. Yep. But he gave out and gave out to Congress or people Did he misspoke there? Yeah, He, he was saying retired Command Sergeant Major on the Harris Walls website. Right. She had to pull that. He's still saying the Minnesota Governor's office is still saying it. Right. I mean, he's held onto this, even though, you know, people like Adam Smith suggest, oh, it was a mistake and he didn't, it's been brought to his attention for every year he's been doing it and he continues to do it. It must mean something to him. Oh, I'm, I do wanna tell you, we interviewed, we interviewed the cast of the movie Reagan, which is hitting this weekend. And one of the cast members is Dan Lauria. He played the dad in Wonder Years. And in this movie he played Democrat Tip O'Neill, who was friends with Reagan, even though they were across party lines.


And the real guy, Dan Luria served in Vietnam. He was in, he was in the Marines. But he was quick when I said that to to point out. And he's always quick to tell you, he didn't actually fight in Vietnam. He was stationed over there. He got sent over there and then they got pushed to Okinawa and then there were all sorts of reasons why. And, but he wants people to know that. Exactly. And that seems to me the default. Most guys are trying to make sure If, you ever overstate what they actually did. They try, they correct you. It's, it's, it's, people understand. It's not just, we don't wanna overstate our importance or our, the commitment that we made to the country or the things that we did for the country and ourselves and the bam and our families.


But for what, I don't understand this. When you say that you served in a function that you didn't If you served in combat, let's just go there. I served in combat here, or I did this, there you are robbing, you are robbing that suffering and that commitment and trifling it down for all the men and women that we have sent in the harm's way and have not come back or have come back less. And the people that have their tortured memories, okay? And, and, and everybody that did that commitment, you belittle it. You're taking a piece of their thunder and you're trying to capture it and putting it in a bottle for yourself and use that for your own benefit.


That's why, like I told these guys, he is a self looking ice cream cone. If anything he says can come back to him, he will do it in a heartbeat. My Keurig brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it. So I can keep grinding on my paper, you know, I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course, you know, I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say it's a literal life saver. Cheers to that shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart.


Let's start with Liz Cheney. Tom, I bet team Trump is quaking in its boots. This is the ultimate, you know, dog bites man story. Like what, what is the news here, really? Right? We know Liz Cheney is, is not a fan of Donald Trump. That's obvious. And so the idea was, I mean, she made this big announcement that she'd thought deeply about this and she was gonna go ahead and vote for Kam Harris. I mean, I just don't know what the, obviously it gets play in the media and on M-S-N-B-C because it's bad news for Trump or it's a, it's, you know, it's a bad headline for Trump or whatever. But to your point, Megan, like, who's this going to convince how this, this is, this is really not much of a story at all in my opinion.


And yet people are excited about it. I don't know. Here she is. Here's Liz Cheney explaining her reasoning. So 10, I think it is, it is crucially important for, for people to recognize not only is what I just said about the danger that Trump poses something that should prevent people from voting for him, but I don't believe that we have the luxury of writing in candidates names, particularly in swing states. And as a conservative, as someone who believes in and cares about the Constitution, I have thought deeply about this.


And because of the danger that, that Donald Trump poses, not only am I not voting for Donald Trump, but I would voting for Kamala Harris. All right? And yet, Carl, you've got tweets all over the internet, including this one from August, 2020, where Liz Cheney wrote, Kamala Harris is a radical liberal who would, who would raise taxes, take away guns and health insurance, and explode the size and power of the federal government. She wants to recreate America in the image, image of what's happening on the streets of Portland and Seattle. We won't give her the chance. So, which, which Constitution is governing right now in Liz Cheney's mind? Well, Megan, I understand why some of these establishment Republicans dislike Trump.


They, you know, people like, you know, you know the names Bill Crystal and Liz Cheney and other people, some people, some of 'em are my friends. You know, Donald, it was like a hostile tick over their party in their mind. So some, the way some of them talk about Trump is, is angrier and than the Democrats. I understand that. But so then you think, are they, so some of them want Trump to lose so that they can reconstitute, you know, bring back what they would call the norms or whatever, you know, bring back the old coalition maybe. And, but she didn't say that. What she said was that Donald Trump is a threat to the Constitution. You know, that this will be the last election we ever have. The, these, you know, these ideas about that Donald Trump is a, an authoritarian that, that the democracy is actually on the ballot there, there's no evidence for that.


And the Democrats ran on that in 2020 and the midterms, and it helped them. They're running on it again, I, I don't, I don't understand why people believe that, but that's what Liz Cheney said. And so it, you know, once you get to that point, I guess then you think, gee, Connell Harris would be a terrible president. And the Democrats are, their policies are awful, but I'm doing this to save my country. I think they've convinced themselves of this. I just don't think that this is going to have influence over a single American. Absolutely not one, not one. All the people who are gonna vote for Kamala will say, great. Liz Cheney's on board. And all the people who are gonna vote for Trump will say, who cares? We know Liz Cheney hates Trump. And the undecided four people who live in these swing states will say, who?


What? I don't, okay. And they're gonna move on. Like, Mike Pence is not supporting Trump. That didn't seem to have some massive impact. I don't know why Liz Cheney would, but let's talk about the, the biggest news that's coming in the next week or so. And that's the debate. Apparently Andrew, there will be Mike's turned off during the other person's turn. So while Trump is speaking, her Wi Mike will be off while she is speaking. Trump's mic will be turned off. This was the subject of debate for weeks. And the reports are that her team is very disappointed about this because she was looking to have what they're calling a, a Brett Kavanaugh moment with her, where she, she got up and Brett Kavanaugh's face during the confirmation hearing.


So how big an impact, if any, will this have on our experience of this debate on Tuesday night? Well, I guess marginally people are saying it's a victory for Trump. I don't think it makes any difference at all. I think they were gonna debate no matter what. They both need the debate. Trump has been practicing and practicing for this. Every time he goes out and speaks to someone on a podcast or a town hall or a within with a press conference, he's practicing. So I think he's ready for the debate. The big question is, is she ready? There'll be no notes that you can bring. It's a standup debate, I believe still. So it will be all the rules that applied during Joe Biden's debate.


And we saw how that ended up for Joe Biden. So I, if, if, if, if I had to bet, I think he probably will have a good night and she's gonna be, the bar's pretty high for her because she has not been doing any press talk to anybody, been challenged in any way other than that CNN interview. So we'll see what happens. But every, you know, the stakes are pretty high, I guess. Yeah. Well, meantime, NBC news reporting earlier this week, that this is how she's preparing, that she's being coached to avoid being pulled into Trump's personal attacks by remaining calm. She and her team are focusing on how to needle Trump and rattle him in that sense.


The source said it's going to be less about substance and more about showcasing Harris as a woman who is not scared. Okay? So that's what we're looking for in a president now, a woman, she's a woman. So check who is not scared of Donald Trump that will earn you the presidency in the eyes of her team Tom Bevin. But the plan to rattle and needle Trump is a good one. And we'll see whether they're able to do it. That was what they did throughout the DNC, making fun of him not being a billionaire. His money, the criminal cases against him, and he held his fire. He did not start spouting off on truth social in the middle of the night face to face across from her.


Can he do it? Yeah, we'll find out. I mean, look, the reason she wanted these, these mics on is she wanted to pull that same shtick that she did with Mike Pence in 2020. You know, excuse me, excuse me, I'm speaking, stop speaking over me, sort of, you know, that, that whole thing. Totally. And there was a report by I think CNN who had a source that the a BC news saying that the, or that, that the campaign Kamala Harris' campaign had gotten assurances from a, b, C, that if there was some crosstalk, that the mics would be turned on and that the moderators would help inform the public about what what was being said. So, you know, that was sort of a curious report.


I'll be interested to see when, when this actually goes down, whether those mics are fully turned off the entire time or whether they, you know, they might be left on, on occasion or, or how, how they handle the crosstalk between these two candidates. But you're certainly right that, you know, she's gonna try and get in his head and say some things and, you know, try and get him to overreact and then, you know, play, perhaps play the victim or, or whatever the situation's gonna be. And Trump has to be aware of that and, and has to basically not fall for it. And we'll see whether he's able to do that or not. You never know. I suppose that it'll depend on the, you know, the Moody's end on the night of the debate, He's had far more experience with adversarial media than she is, which is to his advantage, Carl.


Well, yeah, and you've reminded me of something. The first person who showed on a presidential debate staff the debate stage that they could be simultaneously a woman and unafraid of Donald Trump was m Kelly. And you may so doesn't qualify Me for president. I think it does. And, and in terms, in terms of that microphone, I'll take you guys back when a, a couple elections, even earlier, Al Gore's debating George Bush and there, and Al Gore Bush is talking, and Gore was sighing so loudly into the microphone. Those of us who were in the hall there couldn't hear Bush. And I, I was sitting next to Frank Bruney of the New York Times, I said, Frank, is the air conditioning broken?


What's going on? And he turned to me, he said, I think that's Gore and the next, and on TV it wasn't as bad, but the next day, Barbara Bush and, and then Gore, you know, stalked across the stage at Bush. And Bush kind of s smirked at him like he was, you know, bring it on boy. And the next day Barbara Bush was clutching her pearls and on one of the morning shows, and she said, I thought he was going to hit George. And, you know, so some of these histrionics get these subtle movements and, you know, when Bush's father looked at his watch during debate, they can matter. And so I, I, you know, so I think the mic's turned, I, I guess I'd kind of prefer him just to be on all the time. You guys remember when, Remember when, remember that moment in the New York, in the New York state?


I was just gonna say Senate race or New York Senate race. Go ahead, Tom. No, Rick Lazio marched across the stage with a piece of paper and sort of waved it in Hillary Clinton's face. But that, but that's, Gord did that, that fired on him. Gord did that two weeks after. Not you thought, you thought he would've been warned. Yeah, yeah. He just figured 'cause he was up against a male opponent. He could get away with it. But certainly that male female dynamic will play and given the ra the gender divide in this election, Trump does have to be careful. Like he, he can't do anything too aggressive, even though she'll be aggressive against him. She's called him a predator. She's gotten as aggressive rhetorically as you can. He, there's just a dynamic. I'm sorry. It's there. He would be completely reckless to get in her face physically in any way.


And I don't think he'll do that.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care now in network with most insurances. That's CARO n.org.


My Keurig brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it so I can keep grinding on my paper, you know, I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course, you know, I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say. It's a literal lifesaver. Cheers to that shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart,


Your matter of fact responses to people saying the most outrageous things and your slow boil provocateur approach to these people. It was true genius. So congrats. Well that's, that's great to hear. I really appreciate it. And slow boil provocateur is probably a good way of describing actually, that's a, that's a great description of, of, you know, the approach we take in, in a number of the scenes in the film. It's, I mean, I, I wondered whether you were getting worried at all about somebody blowing their top because you, you were very respectful. You weren't, you know, in people's faces, but you would keep asking questions when you were told to stop.


You would keep like, pressing little buttons when you could tell they were on their heels, wondering what the hell had just walked into the room and you didn't stop once. They were clearly uncomfortable. So when you were doing all of this, was there ever a moment where you were like, okay, now I might be in trouble? There was never, I mean, there wasn't a moment where I ever felt sort of that my, my safety was in jeopardy or anything like that. But I guess, you know, a lot, a lot of people ask what, when, when we, when on this film and also with what is a woman that one of the main questions that I I often will get is, you know, how do I keep from laughing? How do I keep, how do I keep a straight face when I'm in these rooms?


And the truth is that it's, you know, stopping myself from laughing is pretty easy. It turns out because when you're actually in the room doing this and you're in the room with these people in real time, now obviously this is a movie. So we take, this could be like a two hour interaction that I have, we take, you know, there's five minutes that appear in the movie. 'cause it's a, it's a film, but it's pretty, it's pretty intense. And these are, these are really unpleasant people most of the time. So it's, it's looking back at it, of course it's quite humorous, but when you're in the moments, it's actually not all that funny to me. When you're, when you're really there and you're watching these people, especially these grifters who, who, you know, this is their whole, this is what they do they, they take normal people and they try to break them down.


And it's like this brainwashing session that you see in the movie that goes on over and over again. Yes, this is it. It takes almost all of the things we've heard about the craziest DEI pushers and puts them together in one movie. So you can see this is real life. These people exist. They've been doing this, they are doing this right now. They hate America and they really don't much like white people. And they would like all of us to feel the same. So of all people to infiltrate their spaces. Matt Walsh gets in there and he finds out soon into this film, Matt Walsh is not gonna be able to do this as Matt Walsh.


He's too well known at this point. People are onto him. And that brings me to one of the scenes that has been released and that's in the trailer. This is Matt after he had attended a, attended a white privilege grief workshop and he gets up to leave the room for a moment and he comes back and realizes they've figured it out. Here's a bit. In sought 32, I did everything I could to fit in. I opened up, I was raw and emotional. I told them about my black friends. There was no use. They rejected me and they called the police. My mere presence in the room caused them pain. I'll never be accepted if I look like this.


If they know that I'm Matt Walsh, I'll always be an outsider. I need to go deeper, undercover, a whole new identity. If I wanna be an ally, I need to look like one, like someone who is progressive, tolerant. Enlightened. Let me think. Have I ever met anyone like that? Ah, yes. Yes I have. What is a woman? Why Do you ask that question?


It's just a listening audience. That's Matt getting dressed up just like a Well you described the look you were going for there. Yeah, that's the thing. You know, one thing I recognize about this film and many people have pointed out just Based on the trailer, is that it's not the most convincing disguise in the world. It's not like, this is not exactly a CIA level operation where I'm going in and facial prosthetics and you know, fat suit or something. We talked about doing that. Maybe we, we talked about when we first started making the film, you know, what, what should I do to change my appearance? Of course the idea of me shaving my beard was, was floated, which that's off the table immediately. Other kind of things you could do.


And we didn't do any of that. It's just a wig and you know, and a bun and a a man button, right? Skinnier jeans than I would normally wear. And you know, white shoes is like, that's the whole thing. But, and then the question is, well how did that fool anybody given that that everything's still the same, you still sound like yourself. And I think one of the answers to that is that for a lot of these people, they live in such a, a bubble. You know, they, it, they live in this bubble. They never really encounter in their everyday life. Anyone who disagrees with them, they never intentionally put themselves in a room with anyone who would ever challenge them.


Robin D'Angelo appears later in the film and it's amazing. You know, you, you could see in the trailer and I, I would, I would venture a guess, I don't know this, but I would guess that Robin D'Angelo has not intentionally been in a room with someone who doesn't already agree with her in like 20 years. I don't know. So I think that's part of it, that they, they, there's a certain arrogance that comes from being in this bubble and they just never could imagine that anyone like me would ever be in their vicinity. And so they kind of gave me the benefit of the doubt and the disguise didn't need to be all that convincing because we're sort of using their, their arrogance and their kind of false sense of intellectual security against them.


I guess You've got your skinny jeans, your man bun and your me into which you put how to be an anti-racist by Irem X Kendi. And when I saw it, I have to say I really thought your inspo might have been a character from a different daily wire production. Mr. Ham in which I play Adam Corolla's wife, he's Mr. Burham and it's the, the school DEI policeman named Mr. Ponzi. Here he is. My name is Mr. Ponzi. My pronouns are he, him and ZI am a heteronormative, cisgendered white male, for which I apologize. What Even got got the scooter, which I saw you on in this movie, Tyler Fisher plays that role.


Any, any connection? No, there it's actually, I was amazed when I, when I saw that also in, in the show because that's, that's just parallel thinking. I dunno, we, these two shows are being, these two things are being developed at the same time. You know? And, and I don't know, I guess it's just If, you want to play a crazy leftist, well you gotta have the man bun, you gotta have the scooter. So I don't know. That's what comes to mind. It's, it's pretty amazing. Yeah. Okay. So you, so in the movie, and I won't give away all the spoilers 'cause it's fun to watch it unfold and realize how you threaded the needle, but you go quote undercover and you are on a mission to figure out this DEI world.


And one of the greatest themes that just keeps, we just kept, kept laughing was you get your DEI certification at like a workshop and then you're very proud of your card and use it in a way that is just so perfect, Matt, because you show it to everybody. You're so proud of your DEI certification card. Not everybody has one. As you could say, not everyone has it. You, you keep telling everybody. And the joke of it is so on the nose, for those of us who have been following this nonsense, which is of course anyone can get one. And yet there are all these people who are purported experts in this field who will grift you to the nth degree because they have the little card or they have some diploma that's given them an, an official education in this nonsense and they go out there and continue the grift.


Exactly. It's, it, it's, it's, it's not a real subject. That's the thing. DEI is not a, it's not a real intellectual pursuit. It's all completely made up and phony. And so being an expert in that is just being an expert in nonsense. Anyone can do it. You'll see in the film that the process that I go through to get my certification is it's, it's not a very, it's not a very grueling process. In fact, it took about not rigorous, I think not rigorous. It took about, it took about 30 minutes, I think to get the, to get the card and then what once, it's not like anyone can say, oh, but you just got that one on a fake website. That's not a real one. There is no real one. There's no such thing as being really certified in DEI.


It's all completely made up. And, and you know, you just really, all it's about is just showing ideological alignments with these race hustlers and If. you do that then you can, you have as much acclaim to being an expert as anybody else in this field does. Yes. So you I love it. 'cause it's not everyone has one, not you're very proud. And you then go and introduce us to some of the characters that we've heard of on the news who are pushing this craziness. You mentioned DeAngelo, which everyone must see If. you watch this movie for another reason. Watch it to see the scene where Matt Walsh in his man bun sits down with Robin DeAngelo.


I died it, I honestly, there were so many great moments in there. Again, we'll keep them a secret, but one of my favorites was when the issue of what is mansplaining? What is mansplaining? And let's just say you're gonna laugh. It's just hard as Doug and I did when you get to that scene. But you did meet a different person who I'd never heard of before named Kate Slater. So before I run this clip, tell us, who is Kate Slater? Well, she's one of these, she's an anti-racist educator. She is very proud of innovating something I believe, if I remember correctly, it's called the anti-racist roadmap, I think. And so she's the first person we talk to in the film.


And that's why you see in the movie, I'm not in the whole costume when I talk to her because we wanted to start the movie by just, well, she has a roadmap. We want to talk to someone who can kind of, I'm, I'm just starting out, introduce me to the basics of what this stuff is and tell me where to go next. And you know, you'll see in that interaction, she sort of lays out a map for me and tells me, here's what you need to do. Here's where you, where you go next, here's what you should be doing. And we, we set out to put that into practice in the film. Yeah, You, you did it, but you, you clashed a bit. Not really, but clashed. You, you highlighted an issue that actually someone I know actually had in their life.


They're not woke, but they were getting shamed for this Halloween costume because it's a white family. So you raised this, let's watch. So 31 with Kate's slate. My daughter's four years old. I am an anti-racist educator, quote unquote. She's still watching Disney movies and she is choosing a white princess over princesses of color. Have you talked to her about that All the time? My three-year-old daughter is very, her favorite princess is Moana. Love It. It's a good sign. Yeah. But then I also thought, you know, is a, a little bit of cultural appropriation here. She wants to be Moana for Halloween. So how do we navigate that?


Do I go and and and buy the Pacific Islander native attire for my white three-year-old? I wouldn't, I wouldn't. But I guess what, what we might call the Moana problem here is, is what, on one hand there's cultural appropriation. On the other hand there's gravitating towards white characters, Right? So it's almost like no matter which way you go, you end up back in racism. We think every space belongs to us because we live in a white supremacist society. Is America an inherently racist country? I think the word inherent is challenging there.


If we say Fundamentally, Fundamentally, yes, America is racist to its bones. All of these so Inherently Yeah. Oh my gosh. I mean it's, it's so perfect. You, your child must love Moana over any other Disney princess, however, not to the point where she would ever actually wanna dress like her or model her behavior because then you've crossed into cultural appropriation. See rule book section 40, footnote 10. Right? You're that, that's why we, that's, that's why we now call it the Moana problem. That you're, you're a racist no matter what. And the thing is, that's, it's one of the many moments in the film where it's, it, you know, it's supposed to, it's funny watching it, you know, and we're supposed to laugh at it.


And I think that, I think that mockery and laughter is an appropriate response to absurd things. And what you just saw there is absurd. But then on the other side of it, but once you go a little bit beneath the surface on this thing, you see that it's actually, it's awful too along with being funny because this is the damned If. you do damned If. you don't situation that these people set up where no matter what, you're racist. So they, they start by saying, you're white, you're racist. And then once they have you, you say, well, what do I do to not be racist anymore? And they, they tell you what to do. And after you do that, they say, well, good job for doing that. But by the way, you're still racist.


And, and they, and, and this is a message that they do send to kids. I think I said earlier in that interview, before this moment, I asked her, what's the right age to start talking to your kids about their racism? And she says basically from birth, like for as soon as they're born, start letting them know that they're racist. And again, we can laugh at that as sane people because we realize that it's completely ridiculous. But she's serious. And, and there are people out there that take that advice and start, you know, hammering this into their kid's head from birth. And it's just a, it's horrendous. It's abusive. I mean that you can see she's happy about it. She's proud that she's, and she's disgusted by her child who likes white princesses.


She's turned herself into a racist of a different kind. I mean, that's obviously, she's got some, I don't know, internalized hatred. Her problem is her problem unless it winds up in my kids' schools, which it has. This is why the movie was so necessary. So was there one thing in particular, Matt, that made you choose this as your next subject after the huge success of what is a woman? Well, it's hard to say one thing in particular. I mean, I, I guess if there was one thing, it would be the big thing, which is in 2020 when just the, the, the kind of racial insanity that took hold in 2020 after George Floyd.


And a lot of the things that we saw after 2020, it, it, none of it was new really. I mean, even the riots we'd seen before But, it was ramped up to the nth degree. And so that's one of the, probably the main thing that had me thinking about it. And beyond that it's just, it's, it's cultural. You know, like noticing that I kind of, I say earlier in the film, you, you hear in the preview that I can think of myself growing up in the nineties and it was not a racial utopia. I'm not claiming that I realized that you had the OJ trial, you had the race riots in LA and that sort of thing, but that sort of stuff was happening. And we're never gonna live in a utopia. We're we're, we're human beings. We're tribalistic by nature, we're flawed.


You're always gonna have things like racism. That's always gonna be a part of the human experience. But my own anecdotal experience growing up in a, you know, racially diverse area and going to public school and, you know, people of all different races, it was like you noticed when people were a different race But. it didn't, you weren't focused on it intently all the time. And you weren't sitting around thinking about, oh, am I racist? Was that a racist interaction? It just was. That wasn't a part of what you were doing. And recently that's been the case. So it seems like we're very much going backwards and, and we are. And that's because people like these grifters that we expose in the film, that's what they want.


They, they vary intentionally. They're taking people who otherwise wouldn't be that focused on race. And they're telling them that, no, you have to focus on this. You should be focused on this all the time. You think you're not racist because you don't hate people of other races, but actually you are. And in fact, If you say you're not racist and think that you're not racist, then that means they're even more racist than than than anybody else. And they just get people in up in their own heads. And it's like this cycle of confusion and resentment that everybody gets caught up into. And it's, it's just evil. Thanks For listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


My cure brewer from Walmart always comes in super clutch. I got it so I can keep grinding on my paper. You know, I'm hitting that deadline. I also got it so I could stay up late to do some exam cramming. And of course, you know, I'll be ready to stroll into my morning class. Sipping in style, I guess you could say it's a literal life saver. Cheers to that. Shop your coffee fuel needs at Walmart.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com/rewards to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for it, we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com/rewards/official-rules for more details.