
Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change. With UBC's community leadership skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts. Winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts, builtin limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show in today's weekend, best of Special. We had a busy week on the program, beginning on Monday looking at two important moments for President-elect Donald Trump. We broke down his lengthy and substantive interview with NBC News, with Bcia Ungar Sargon and his overseas trip to Paris, featuring a friendly little chat with Jill Biden and Prince William. And Trump's reaction to that was hilarious.


Then Heather McDonald was here to talk about the insane reaction to the murder of United Healthcare CEO. Brian Thompson from the leftists and some in the media. The fellas from the ruthless program stopped by to talk through the Kaitlyn Clark story, how she bent the knee to the race hustlers in the WNBA and apologizing for her whiteness. We got into that and more. We'll be back on Monday. See you then.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built-in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Donald Trump goes on Meet the press this weekend in an extraordinary hour plus exchange with c Kristen Welker and they got into what's gonna happen in his second term with respect to immigration. Here. I'm just gonna play some for you. Here is, so four, take a listen. You've talked about prioritizing people who have criminal histories. Correct. But is it your plan to deport everyone who is here illegally over the next four years? Well, I think you have to do it and it's a hard, it's a very tough thing to do. You're Saying yes, you're gonna focus on the people with criminal histories, but everyone who's here illegally has to go.


I'm saying is What you're saying. We have to get the criminals out of our country. And you see what they've done in Colorado and other places. They're taking over, literally taking over apartment complexes and doing it with impunity. They don't care. They couldn't, they just are take, they're in the real estate spective. You Know, the local police say they're, that is not the case in Colorado. Oh, it's Totally the case. I mean, Is it realistic to deport everyone who's here Illegally have no choice? First of all, they're costing us a fortune, but we're starting with the criminals and we gotta do it. And then we're starting with others and we're gonna see how it goes. Who are the others? Others are other people outside of criminals. Okay, so there was that and there is, there is a problem with Venezuelan gangs in, in, in Colorado.


Take a look at the very in-depth piece that City Journal did on it. I don't know why she's pretending that it's not a problem. But You know, that's NBC for you. Here is a little bit more on the subject of children and families in so five, Talking about parents who might be here illegally, but the kids are here legally. Your borders are to You talking about separation. Yeah, well, bef I mean there are two aspects to this. Your border are, Tom Homan said they can be deported together. Correct? Is that the plan? Well, That way you keep the f No, well, I don't wanna be breaking up families. So the only way you don't break up the family is you keep them together and you have to send them all back. Even kids who are here legally, well, Well what you're gonna do if they wanna stay with the father, look, we have to have rules and regulations.


You can always find something out like, You know, this doesn't work, that doesn't work. I'll tell you what's gonna be horrible when we take a wonderful young woman who's with a criminal and they show the woman, and she could stay by the law, but they show the woman being taken out or they want her out and your cameras are focused on her as she's crying, as she's being taken out of our country and then the public turns against us. But we have to do our job Good for Trump. I mean, he's exactly right that he, he's anticipating where this plan is going to meet significant pushback from the press, which is when there's a child to an illegal or a sympathetic woman who's married to or with an illegal, and Tom Holman is saying, the illegal's going.


And if you don't wanna separate the families, you have the choice of going with them. And then the media will look at the rest of us who are favored deportations and say, it's your fault. As opposed to the decision of this illegal who decided to bring a child here or send a child here. Notwithstanding the fact that they're, they have no right to be here. I really recommend people watch that whole interview. It's an incredible hour and 15 minutes, not least because of the way it was misrepresented by the headlines in the liberal press. But I, I think when Trump, You know, writes his memoirs and looks back on his life, this will be like the sweetest time he's in his magnanimous era. He has been so thoroughly vindicated on so many fronts and it has brought out this unbelievably confident magnanimous side of his personality.


You know, even when he's criticizing the journalist, he doesn't call her nasty in this interview. He just says to her, You know, you have so much potential, which I thought was really funny. That was like the most ad hominem. He would go, he's in a really wonderful place right now and You know, the three to me, the three headlines would've been if, if I was sort of covering this honestly, would've been the last question she asked him is, what is your message to Americans who did not vote for you and did not support you? And his answer, Megan, was, I love you. He said that he was invested in protecting the dreamers, especially the ones who are older and middle aged and contributing a lot and have good jobs. And he said that he was not interested in any kind of retribution.


He said again, our success will be our retribution. He said, he's not going to get involved in Pam Bondy's work or in Cash Patel's work. He's going to let them do their jobs. I mean these were real headlines that of course nobody pointed out a as to immigration. I think you're totally right. You know, the, the Holman is so the perfect man for this job Because he could care less what anybody thinks about him. He is an unbelievable patriot and feels that it is his job to protect the American people. And honestly Meghan Trump is very sensitive to the headlines. He's thinking ahead about how to sort of preempt them, how to protect himself from those accusations from the unfair media. But I gotta say he was given a mandate by the American people to do exactly this.


And the media has lost all credibility because in opposing him in the most dishonest and vitriolic way, it was revealed on November 5th that they were opposing the American people. Their hatred for Donald Trump was revealed for what it is, which is hatred for the American people. And so when the media stands up and says, look at this racism, look at this cruelty. How dare they try to deport these lovely families? The American people are gonna say, Hey, that's me. You're calling racist. I voted for this. And so I think we're gonna see a really different relationship between the administration and the media. And if we don't, it is the media who's gonna suffer, not the administration.


Moreover, tell it to the American families right now that are dealing with schools that are overrun by children from these foreign countries who are not here lawfully. And now in places like New York, you have have, have to have a translator speak in the native tongue of all the children who are represented. So no matter where they're from, they can't even find enough translators. Nevermind ask them whether they have teaching capacities. It's absolutely unworkable. So I think a lot of previously sympathetic Americans I have had it voted for Trump to get rid of. Yes, even the children, I'm sorry, but they have to go if they, if you wanna go back home and apply for asylum or try to get in legally like so many millions have done before you, you should do that.


But you have no right to break our laws to enter the country unlawfully and then just play your sad violin and tell us we should allow you to stay here. There are procedures for that. You floated them. Hold on, here's a little reaction. After Trump appeared and saw 28, You know, I was struck by how succinctly the president-elect summed up his mandate. I think one of the things that was most fascinating is he didn't seem very combative in this interview, right? But he didn't want to fight with you. And I thought he looked very relaxed and confident. Listen, Yes, the tone was different, but it doesn't mean it's a difference in his priorities. So what struck me is more tone. Not a difference in what he intends to do or what he wants the people he's nominating to do.


Jen Psaki with the still Hitler. Still Hitler. Notwithstanding the new tone. Here's the last one I wanna play for your budget. And that is the discussion about whether he's gonna go after his enemies in particular potentially with Cash Patel, if he gets confirmed as head of the FBI. So six, He has a list in his book of 60 people that he calls members of the so-called Deep State. Do you want Cash Patel to launch investigations into people on that list? No. I mean he's gonna do what he thinks is right. Tell, do you think that's right? I'll tell you. Do you think that's right sir? If they think that somebody was dishonest or crooked or corrupt politician, I think he probably has an obligation to do it That are you gonna go after Joe Biden?


I'm really looking to make our country successful. I'm not looking to go back into the past. I'm looking to make our country successful. Retribution will be through success. Pretty remarkable in terms of tone. Yes. But also Jen Psaki, the actual messaging retribution will be our success. Do you think that the media will accept it? And do you believe it? Because he didn't rule out entirely cash Patel going after his political enemies. He just said if somebody's corrupt or crooked, he'd have an obligation to do it. But I believe retribution is achieved through success. Well, he didn't go after Hillary Clinton the first time around, right?


We have a record. That's what's so insane about all the accusations against him. We were all there. It was four years ago. Like they act like this. That never happened. It's so ridiculous. I honestly think Donald Trump only cares about two things. He cares about no more wars. He hates war. 'cause he thinks it's wasteful and he wants an incredible economy that will lift up the working class, hardworking people who work and work and work and can't get ahead. He really, those are his priorities. That's what he cares about. He really wants the people in his cabinet to do what they view as the mandate given by the American people so that he can focus on those things. The idea that he's on some sort of revenge tour is so, so ridiculous.


And You know what Meghan? It's just a pure projection. Every accusation from the Democrats is a confession. They spent four years waging revenge against Donald Trump for beating Hillary Clinton. They tried to put this man in prison for the crime of trying to elevate the American working class. It is they who are hellbent on revenge. It is they who have politicized the justice Department. It is they who think that they're above the law. I don't know if you saw this, but Biden apparently is planning mass preemptive pardons meaning for people who have not even been yet accused of anything, suggesting that if you are elite enough in the Democratic party, you cannot even be accused of a crime or indicted for a crime or investigated for a crime if you are close enough to the Biden family.


I mean, it just, it is. So this from the so-called defenders of democracy. So I think that this is all just pure projection and I really believe that Trump has no reason not to be this magnanimous version of himself going forward, given the support and the mandate that the American people have given him. He truly is a leader. He is a reflection of what Americans want. And he was that before they knew that in 2016 when we were a little bit more divided around these issues. So I think it's gonna be a great four years. It's so crazy with the, You know, the Democrats are the ones who started the law fair. They're the first ones to cross that Rubicon. They did it and now they're acting like, oh, he's gonna target, You know, we've got a preemptively Pardon?


People like Adam Schiff and Adam Kinzinger. I don't know who else is on their imaginary list. I I'm sure we're gonna find out as though Trump has done this before they did this. You know, my husband Doug, he used to watch our little dogs when we'd take him to the park and like the male dog Bailey, he would pee on like a fire hydrant and then another male dog would come and pee on it and then Bailey would pee on it and then the other dog and, and Doug would to say it's like a nuclear arms race. You know, like everybody keeps trying to escalate. And that's the Democrats, You know, it's like everybody's peed on the fire hydrant. That was the thing. But then they went and they peed on like the leg of an actual human and, and then, and and, and, and now they're worried that like our side is gonna do that.


It's like, You know, you guys are the only ones who did that. You don't have to create some new rule saying no one can be on the humans. Like you are the only ones who ever did it.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days with a sporty new civic Accord HR-V or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR fee. See dealer for financing details, exclude civic si and type R.


Also Interesting was his trip over to France. He attended the reopening of the Notre Dame Cathedral, which we were all thrilled to see happen. One of the world's treasures and a, a very interesting moment where he sat one away from Jill Biden and the person in between them got up. And so it was just those two for a moment. And they were super friendly with, here's a full screen of it, picture they were smiling and so many people had a million captions for this. I'll stay on you for this one link. How would you caption that one with Jill and Trump smiling at each other? The only times we've seen Jill Biden smile recently are when she's with Donald Trump.


She is smiling ear to ear in the picture. When he came to the White House recently, she's having the time of her life hanging out with him in Paris, Donald Trump. We don't need another season of Emily in Paris. We need Donald Trump in Paris. He was over there having a great time. He was holding court. I was shocked he didn't come home wearing a beret, smoking one of those long obnoxious cigarettes. So Donald Trump was having a great time in Paris. Joe Biden, she looked so happy. She looks like she just got a Pardon. And if Biden can Pardon in the Turkey, and Hunter might as well give her one too. She may wind up getting one. I'm not gonna be a lot of bidens who still get pardoned, but it was very interesting amla to see, You know, the two of them over there chummy. It was to the point where it became such a meme that Trump put, put out this full screen, this sort of like graphic ad showing Jill and Trump together.


Was it Trump who put this? Yeah, it was for Trump who put this out and it reads a fragrance your enemies can't resist. And it says fight, fight, fight. And it actually is a Trump fragrance that he's trying to mark right now. So you make there a It's is a yeah. Are they, are they actually friendly? Did they both vote for the same person? You know what, they, they just might, we all saw Jill Biden on election day where she was strutting around in that bright red suit of hers and she was smiling ear to ear. And she has been virtually ever since. Maybe it just felt good to be sitting next to a, a lucid president with Donald Trump. But you can watch with everybody in the room, every single eye is on him.


They cannot look away from him. So I was thinking he might, he just very well might have that fragrance on because people were gravitating towards this man. And we've watched over the past, what, I don't know, eight years as these individuals have attacked him, they've cast him aside. They've, they've laughed at him in this sort of move of political theater that we saw in reference to the Trump administration and to the Trump campaign in this last election. But now that he's won, they are just gravitating towards him. He's like a magnet Here. We saw in that video that he was shaking hands with the Italian Prime Minister and we saw Prince William standing there shaking his hand and Trump after the fact, like said something, is this, we don't have this on tape, right?


Do we have that on tape? Oh, it's, it's via the New York post was commenting on how attractive Prince William is saying, You know, he is such a good looking guy and was saying even more handsome in person saying yes. He goes, he's a good looking guy. He looks really very handsome last night. Some people look better in person. He looked great, he looked really nice. And I told him that, which Is Like the highest form of currency with Trump. Well, one thing about Trump is he loves central casting. We're about to have the hottest cabinet in American history. Okay, if you're hot, you're blonde, you're ripped, then you're probably gonna be in the cabinet with Donald Trump.


You know what I'm saying? We've got Pete heck, Seth, and everybody's all shocked about heg, Seth. I'm like, you think men with cheekbones and jaws like that have been perfectly good boys their whole lives? No, it's central casting. And as for Prince William, I think Prince William is thinking, I've lost my hair up top, so I'm gonna do the scruff to sort of balance it out. But when I saw Trump with Prince William, the body language was great. This is what we need with international relations. Prince William, unfortunately King Charles is sick. He will likely be king very soon. And I couldn't help but think about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wa waltzing around their Mick mansion in Montecito complaining about how famous they are. I really think those two little hucksters thought they were gonna be in like Flint if Kamala Harris won, because they're best friends with Oprah Winfrey.


She was, You know, out there campaigning for Kamala. Now they're gonna have to sit there irrelevant as ever. I know all she has left is her little jars of jam amala. She's do, she's not going to be the first lady of Montecito. She's not gonna be anything other than a jam proprietor, which is fine, it's fine. It's just wasn't her lifetime goals. She's out there with Tyler Perry and Oprah instead of welcoming the incoming president as she of the United States as she might have if she had just owe done the terrible work of sticking with the royal family. Oh yeah. It's so hard to be around those races who are concerned about her skin color. And I'm sorry, did any of us think that Meghan Markle was really that black?


I are, we're looking at the same individual. I I I just really don't believe the narrative that she spun about this family. And it's so interesting that everywhere she goes, this sort of victimhood mentality follows her and she claims she had no idea what she was getting into when, when meeting Prince Harry and could not even imagine what her life was going to be like on the other end of it, I'm thinking, okay, we know you were husband hunting and we know you had a scope on the rifle, right? Well, you knew exactly what you were dealing with when you got in, in bed with that man. And now we're gonna see, because with this move towards conservatism that's coming with Trump, I think we're gonna see this in in Europe as well. And with Macron being there, France has been struggling in, in his sense, with an uptick in, in right-leaning views.


And I think all of them are going to be dealing with that under this Trump administration. It's so true. Like Trump has provided everyone with a roadmap of how to do it. If even Trump could get reelected after J six, after all the fascism claims and the Hitler claims, and the American people spoke overwhelmingly saying, we don't care. We want a different way of living. We wanna go back to basics here in America. We need a factory reset on this nonsense. Then it, it, there's a, there's a roadmap for other world leaders to say, I see what people want. We've been led astray going in the wrong direction. I wanna show you this too. Trump shook hands with Zelensky at the Ls, a palace who, who was, they were there with Emmanuel Macron on Saturday, and it was an interesting handshake.


You know, Trump is famous or infamous for his handshakes, the power handshakes where he pulls you in, he loves to pull you in. He's holding him and holding him. Okay, so there we go. He held him and now here's Macron next to him, the three of them. And here we go. This is, this is back example where he pulls in Macron. So like there he goes, and then it turns into like look holding. He doesn't let go of him and look at him, he won't let go. This is what he met with Macron. What is it with Trump and the handshake? What's happening? Look, yeah, look, look, look. There he goes again. Elbow up now. There we go. Elbow up above mc, above Macron. It's like clearly a sign of dominance.


Love to get a body language on. Yes, expert, but what do you guys make of the ah, handshake? Well, as someone who is a body language expert, I will tell you this is just a man with bravado. Machismo. This is a guy who is totally in control. Trump has climbed the highest mountain twice. And I said recently, everybody around the world, all these world leaders, they either fear or reve Donald Trump. And those are two really great places to be in because we're so used to Joe Biden shuffling in, they put him on the back of these photos now at the summit. Nobody respects him. Donald Trump is coming in and everybody's attention has been heightened. So I was really happy to see this. As for Zelinsky, could the man not put a suit on?


If I was going to meet my sugar daddy, the man who's been funding my country with hundreds of billions of dollars, I would've put a suit on. You know? So I don't understand with Zelensky, maybe he can't throw on a suit and tie, but Trump was definitely asserting his dominance. I do wanna tell you something funny about the handshake. My husband Doug asked one of our friends whose ccia about the Trump handshake, and he showed us a way that like a man, I mean, he doesn't do this to women, but that a man can like stop the crushing grip and then pulling you in. It's like a maneuver that the cacia a guys know, or like you can, you can trump the dominant pull in. And we were like, oh, that's good, that's good. You know, we'll have to remember that.


Not me, but Doug. And then we talked to Jack Carr, famous author and Navy Seal and he said, oh no, that can easily be counteracted and showed us a double secret, triple secret move to counter the CIA move. So now, I mean, poor Doug has got a lot to remember.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days with a sporty new civic Accord HR-V or CR-V For a limited time, well qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR-V. See Dealer for financing details, exclude civic si.


And Ty, I'm so grossed out by this reaction to the murder of this insurance company's CEO and it's pretty widespread on the left how they are lionizing the, the alleged murderer. And I mentioned Taylor Lorenz because she's pretty indicative of it. She worked for the New York Times, she worked for the Washington Post. She was fired by the Washington Post this fall when she posted on her Instagram. Joe Biden is a war criminal when they chastised her for, for posting such a thing as a so-called reporter. She denied she had done it and claimed she'd been hacked.


They fired her, not believing her excuse. And then a month or so later, she definitely posted on her social media. Joe Biden is a war criminal kind of removing the mystery about whether it had been her the first time. And now this woman is all over online on her substack and elsewhere trying to justify this man's murder. And goes on with Pi Morgan on his YouTube show last night saying the following, I do believe in the sanctity of life. And I think that's why I felt along with so many other Americans, joy, unfortunately, You know, because its joy. It feels like serious. I mean Joy, the marriage execution, I say that's not, maybe not joy, but certainly not, no, certainly not empathy.


He's a father. It's like Billions And that, and he's been dumb down in the middle of Manhattan. Why does that make you Joyful? Thousands of Americans that he murdered, so are tens. So are the tens of thousands of Americans, innocent of Americans who died because greedy health insurance executives like this one push a policies of denying care to the most vulnerable people. Should they all be killed then? Should they all be killed? These healthcare executives? Would that make you even more joyful? No, that would be Joyful. Or even to even say you're not empathetic about somebody losing their life when they leave behind two young boys. Yeah, Taylor, I don't mean to be rude, but why the fuck are you laughing all the time? I don't get it. Sorry. Apologies for my language, but honestly I find it unbelievable.


What are you laughing at Here? I am laughing at Tommy's insane mischaracterization of of why people are angry. Angry, okay. Your thoughts on it, Heather? Wow. We have a real problem in this country. The left has a real problem. I I found it in a sense, frustrating to hear you initially, Meghan rebutting the claim that this was somehow a justified act because it seemed like it's, it's tragic that you, we have to concede that much to even engage with these people. It should be so patently obvious that you're not allowed to kill because you disagree with somebody politically.


And to even engage in that argument is, is to concede too much. But obviously we need to, let's recall, these are the same group of intersectional allies that also celebrated October, that the humus attacks, there's something that has gone fundamentally wrong with the left's understanding about some basic moral truths, which is you don't get to narcissistically, kill some figurehead because you'd feel like you're in pain after back surgery and you don't get to kill on the basis of political beliefs. But we also have assassinations on Trump.


There's, this is being a, a poison that's being bred in the universities, which is proceeds with a mannequin worldview about the evil of anything associated with capitalism, with anything associated with western civilization. And that glorifies alleged victims, alleged marginalized and, and clearly is, is very closely positioned to the next step, which is that it's okay to kill. This is Loren is basically a mainstream media figure. Yeah. And is giving voice to what we've seen all over the internet thirsting after this guy and celebrating his looks and counting him as some sort of courageous guy, as I say, who, who shoots a man dead in this street, an unarmed man in the back, in, in, in, in the left's world.


This is courage. Here is that guy Tim Miller, who couldn't find the stones Heather, to ask Doug Emh, who he had right across from him right after the story broke that he had, according to his ex-girlfriend, slapped her with an open hand across the face so hard outside of a festival in con France that she spun, this is like a year before he got together with Kamala Harris. He couldn't find the stones to ask him the question, would you like to respond to that? Is it true that you hit this woman, you who are being lauded by the left as the new version of masculinity non-toxic, the way the Republican version is This guy, Tim Miller, couldn't find the stones to ask him those questions.


But here he is today with his thoughts about this alleged killer of CEO Brian Thompson. There's a lot to unpack here, including his six pack would be among the things you need to unpack. There's a picture he did to Yes. Yeah. So he's a very attractive man and I'm attracted to the, the shooter and I do, and I have to just say not really, not exactly my type, I mean, objectively handsome. I think once you kill someone, not exactly my type. Yeah. Yeah. I like in that category, kind of the, the, the Boston Marathon bomber was kind of a little bit more, oh my God, This, he works for the Bul works.


I mean, You know, We, I I have to feel sometimes that the anarchism of the early 20th century that we're past that, that that kind of, of solipsistic embrace of evil and of the notion that you have a right to go around killing people that you disagree with we're certainly never gonna return to that degree of, of contagious insanity. But listening to this, I don't know, we are moving in that direction. You know, this is not, and it's not even an underground movement, You know, the anarchists were, were understood as enemies of the state, and they, they did everything they could to cover their tracks and, and, and cover their propaganda to a certain extent, although they were also out there leafleting.


But their, their homicidal intentions were not exactly out in the open. But these are people that are going onto social media, the most public realm in the world, and proclaiming that they don't have a problem with murder. I, I lack the language, Megan, to really describe as in a sort of a Cassandra like position what maybe going on here. We all thought that there was a, a course correction with the Trump election and people are, are saying no more with the, the identity based grievance, which this is related to in, in a, a certain way. But we clearly have a very, very long road to, to tread to get back to some kind of shared value system.


I mean, the irony, You know, you mentioned the Daniel Penney Jordan Neeley verdict. That, that this killer is being described as a hero and then an actual hero was being treated as a homicidal criminal and villain. It we're living in an upside down world, at least to the extent that you live in the elite bubble ideology. I have a lot for you on Daniel Penney today, which I we'll do next. But you're exactly right. I mean, I think the Trump election was a declaration that the Normies are with us. We've reclaimed the Normies who were leftist adjacent, You know, open-minded to self-flagellation as required by BLM and the trans activists like, okay, if that's what I need to do to be a good person, I'm open my, I'm listening.


And now like they've just been completely rejiggered to normal. Say, wait a minute, you people are the loons. We're not doing that. We're not opening the border. We're, I'm going back with a side of reason. I think they're back with us, but it doesn't mean the loons went away. They're still a part of the Democrat party and they're vocal and they're not giving one inch. Taylor Lorenz's one example of that, but they're all over CNN and MS NBC in the wake of Penny, which is the other big story today saying all the things you'd expect them to say about how we've normalized vigilantism the same people, right? They, they see him as this. We've, we've, we've, we're celebrating a vigilante in the case of Penny, but on the CEO Brian Thompson, you've got some of those same people saying right on, You know, the guy had some good points.


I, I don't know. I hope that there's more people like Pi Morgan out there in the mainstream media that are distancing themselves from these views. Because if they're not, you're allowing it to stay out there un unrebutted. And it's, You know, I I think Trump is under constant threat of another assassination to the extent that you whip people up. And, and, and of course, let's be fair, You know, the, the, the left probably thinks that the right's rhetoric is just as unhinged and, and just as dangerous, just as apocryphal and, and unduly manne. And that could give rise to right wing kooks. And, and, You know, there's always a, a, a risk about directly linking rhetoric to action.


There should be a very, very wide ber for politically extreme rhetoric. It, as long as you're not calling for violence, it's not clear that anybody that embraces a certain kind of discourse should be held responsible for somebody who acts out in the name of that discourse. So, You know, both sides view the other as engaged in completely unhinged rhetoric. Nevertheless, I, I don't think there's anything comparable. I mean, maybe there is, maybe there's some right-wing kooks that are, that are, that are justifying in advance using violence against people you disagree with.


But You know, we've, we've seen mean the young people have completely lost understanding of the First Amendment. They do not understand fundamental principles of discourse, of the free market of ideas. That the best way to counter ideas that you disagree with is to argue against them. You don't silence people. You don't, you don't irrigate to yourself the power of censorship. So that's bad enough that we've lost sight of that fundamental principle of democracy, a principle that is given power to the marginalized throughout the ages. You have Frederick Douglass saying, the thing that tyrants fear most is freedom of the press because it allows those who oppose slavery to throw off their chains.


Now you have the left opposing the freedom of the press, but it's even worse than that. It's even worse. Now you have the left saying, thou shalt kill people who you think are, are denying services because you have a certain view of health insurance. I I, You know, this is a principle that is gonna lead to a complete civil war. There's many health insurance executives out there, as Pierce Morgan said, should they all be killed? Follow the principle, and the answer is yes. And then you move on to oil executives Wall Street.


Absolutely. Although, You know, wall Street is, it's, it's weird. It's in sort of a transition mode because Wall Street is of course also very left. So, You know, we get to rail against capitalism except when we're drawing on billions to support our left wing campaigns. So, but yeah, now this, this, but, but It's interesting. I mean, like, and then you move on of course to politicians where it's like, and certainly nobody's advocating this. I'm just saying that if you wanna talk about a politician who's really had a massive effect on healthcare, the first person to come to mind would be Barack Obama. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. If you like your doctor, you can keep your law, your doctor, which was a lie. And his Obamacare plan led to the loss of individual relationships between a patient and his doctor over and over and over again, A patient and her plan over and over and over.


So if we're green lighting, if we're now green lighting violence against public figures who affect our healthcare, how, how do they reconcile that? I mean, how is it not a call for multiple assassinations? It's just so, such insanity. That's why I refuse to even have the discussion. I refuse to have the discussion about the state of modern insurance care in America right now. Maybe at some point we'll discuss it, but certainly not in response to this lunatic who is being covered like this. Heather, just to give you one other example, would you look at CNN talking about this murderer, this suspected murderer? Watch this. The reaction online is also just such a reinforcement of how much aesthetics, attractiveness, I mean, like the shallowness of the American people leave, the American people who are online, we'll, we'll say, is very much on display here.


Part of yes, there's absolutely a bubbling anger about the inequity in the country writ large and in the healthcare system, no question. But so much of, You know, the clips we were watching at the top of this segment are driven by the fact that this is, this is an attractive person. You know, we gotta drop the banner to show why. And, and, and it's tr it is deeply troubling that we are celebrating this, this person who's committed cold-blooded murder. Yeah. Because, You know, he clearly went to the gym. You know, one take, Okay, so what happened in that cliff for listening audience is that Casey hunt, the anchor chimes in, we've gotta drop the banner to show them why, like, show him his abs. There's something incredibly crass, sophomoric simple about the discussions these people are having around this man who gunned down a fellow Amer.


We haven't seen an open assassination attempt like this in a long time, Heather. And the seriousness is just missing. Again, part of me rebels against us even having this conversation, Meghan, we should not be having to persuade other people that you don't get to kill a, a corporate executive because you disagree with his policies. Why are we drawn into this? But if we didn't have it, I guess they'd go unchallenged. But, but You know, one wonders again and again, what common ground do we have now with people on the progressive left? And, and even liberals, if you can't even agree, I used to think that, well, there's no common ground because we can't even agree that chromosomes determine one's biological sex.


That there is, we have made this enormous progress in understanding genetics. We should be celebrating that. We have, we have cracked the genetic code. This is one of the greatest feats of human understanding. And now we're throwing that all out in, in favor of this completely politicized gender theory view that in fact, sex is something assigned at birth, not not written into every single cell in our body, and can be changed at will by people that decide they hate the patriarchy. I used to think if we can't agree about that, it's hopeless. But now it turns out it's, it's even worse than that. The, the fundamental law that you cannot kill, you shall not commit murder.


We can't even agree on that. So what do we do? I mean, what, where No, we have to forge on without them. We could. These are not people we can, we can reason with. We just have to defeat them and forge on without them. I do wanna ask you just a, you're not a psychologist or a psychiatrist, but it is bizarre, Heather, that this guy was valedictorian of this Tony Boys school in Maryland went onto the University of Pennsylvania where he got a ba and in ma in computer science, engineering and math, I think was his minor. Goes on to work for some tech companies. Though I will say the employment history started to get a little sketchy. They say he's worked, he worked for 10 different companies in the past 10 years. Now that would've been six when he was 16 to 26.


But it's not like he found a great job and just kept it upon graduating from UPenn. I'll just show you a little bit from his high school graduation speech as valedictorian it. He wasn't particularly articulate or impressive, I will admit. But he seemed normal. He seemed normal. And this is just, You know, eight years ago, listen to this, SAT 12, Just like the, just like we've done these past few years, be exploring the unknown, whether that be attending colleges across the country, traveling the world during gap years or fulfilling military service in foreign countries. As we embrace the new, however, we won't forget the old, our friendships, values, and memories from Gilman will always stay with us.


So to the class of 2016, a kind of class that only comes around once every 50 years, it's been an incredible journey. And I simply can't imagine the last few years with any other group of guys, All the advantages, education, wealth, apparently a nice family that was, was looking for him when he went missing at age 26, couldn't find him, was doing its best to try to retrieve him. Lots of friends, You know, according to them good looks. I, it's just, it's very strange. What would make him go from that to, I'll listen, I'll let you hear it from John Miller, who's in Intel analyst now on CNN.


He's the chief law enforcement and intel analyst talking about what was in his manifesto that the police found on his person when they arrested him. Soc 10. Well, he was railing against the healthcare industry, which of course fits into the scenario here. He talks about how these parasites had it coming. He starts off basically saying, I don't want to cause any trauma, but, but it had to be done. So a second page really kind of goes into problems with the health industry. He raises the question, You know, why do we have the most expensive healthcare in the world?


But we're 42 rated 42 in life expectancy around the world. It was talking about the healthcare industry and the need for violence.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days with a sporty new Civic, a Accord HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time, well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-v a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR-V. See Dealer for financing details, exclude Civic SI and Ty r.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We need to talk about Kaitlyn Clark. Yep. So Kaitlyn Clark of Iowa, but now playing for Indiana in the WNBA gets honored in in time as the athlete of the year. I, I don't know, I guess they need a lot of covers or something. I mean, whatever I get, they, they just want people who are gonna sell their shitty magazine. So she gets selected as athlete, athlete of the year. And what does Caitlyn Clark do? Like this woman who's a superstar, she's the Michael Jordan of the WNBA. And she's become a phenom in part because the players of the WNBA can't fucking stand her.


Why? Because she's white. It's abject absolute racism. It's total racism. And one of the things that's been admirable about Caitlin is she just continues to play her game and put points on the board. And she does very well. And she wins games. Games and she puts butts in the seats and she sells tickets and she gets people tuning in on television. And so all really we wanna hear from anybody about this is thank you, thank you to Caitlyn Clark for making our league relevant and so on. But instead, she's been bullied repeatedly by the players in this league. She's been assaulted physically, she's been scratched in the eye. And I mean it, we've all, this is on camera.


We've covered it repeatedly on the show. So she gets this honor and all she has to do is continue staying above it. Thank you. I'm grateful. Love being in the WNBA and I love my colleagues who I play with, my teammates. That's it. Instead she decides to go racial. And what she says is she feels the need to acknowledge her white privilege. Basically. She's sorry, she's white. She's, she feels really bad about it though. So you, you should give her a pass. And then she makes a point of saying, the ones we really need to be celebrating are the black, the black women on whose backs this league was built, which I have to tell you is so condescending.


It really is. It's true that most of these black women have been bullying her and want her to understand it's their league. Hello. You don't own the league. Blacks don't own the league, just like whites don't own tennis or golf. Nobody owns the league, Pete. This is America. Anybody can play if they're good enough, but they want her on the knee. You'll bend the knee and you'll apologize for being white and you will suck up to the black women who built this league before you, or you will be beaten, you'll be assaulted and you'll be bullied with no friends. So she does it, she finally did it. She bent the knee self flagellated over white privilege. And look at, look at the black women in this league. And I have to tell you, if I were a black woman in that league, I think I'd say screw you.


Because don't treat me like I am the ugly stepsister and you are Cinderella and no Prince is gonna look at me unless Cinderella says, oh, give her a little time. Oh, oh, put her in the spotlight for a moment. I would be offended, genuinely offended by her. Like, look over there, look at them. They're, they're not white. They did a lot too. And here's the other thing, it's totally in insincere and here's how You know, it's totally insincere because if Kaitlyn Clark really felt uncomfortable in the spotlight as the newbie who's white, who's, You know, because white people didn't build the league, build the league, she wouldn't have said yes to being time magazines athlete of the year. So either walk the walk or don't.


But what you're doing here is trying to have it both ways. You're too cute by half and you've managed to piss off your fan base. Go ahead and look at my Twitter feed and the comments under my tweet on this. She's lost thousands of fans, maybe more as a result of this. And you'll never appease the race bullies in the WNBA ever, because you're too popular. You're too talented and too white. That's it. Well, I think you completely nailed it as, as soon as I saw that statement from her, I was, I was incensed because it was only a couple days earlier I'd been telling Duncan Duncans from Indiana. I was like, wow, You know, I see all these clips of this player you've got, she's amazing.


She's done great. And, and I've been following during the season, her getting bullied by all these other players who are jealous of her, who are jealous of her success. And meanwhile, these statistics would come out where all the road games where she plays sell out, they're the best selling games of the season, is when she comes to town. And for her to turn around and, and, and bend the knee to these people who've been bullying her, like you said, it's never going to be enough. It's not just her trying to get these people to like her who've been mean to her. It's her complete betrayal of her fan base. People like for years and years, men have been complaining that ESPN doesn't cover sports. They cover critical race theory and they're sick of it. People watch sports for escapism to see competition.


Caitlin Clark was an inspiration to so many of my friends' daughters and for her to go out and say something like this, to try to, like you said, being like, oh no, no, no, no, You know, black players need me as a white savior to bring them and highlight them. This racist equity system, all it does is divide Americans. And the result of this election in large part was Americans saying, we're tired of that. We've had enough of that. Yes. And Jalen Clark's going right back to that. And, and DEI is a, that's so, right. DEI is a nonsense thing. But can you think of any profession in which it's more nonsense than athletic competition in which there are statistics and points scored? It's such a preposterous thing to claim somebody has privilege in a competition of athletics.


And not to mention the fact that like you would never say something like that about the NBA, You know, where there are hundreds of black superstars paid millions and millions of dollars and hope, by the way that NBA subsidizes the entire WNBA. Yeah. Right, right. So and and she's walking around talking about her white privilege. It's insane. Right? Well, Here's the other thing, Duncan, here's the other, here's the other question. I don't remember Serena Williams apologizing for her blackness, right? In tennis, which had been dominated mostly by whites. I don't remember Tiger Woods apologizing for his blackness in in the, You know, whatever PGA, which was dominated by whites. No one would even think of such a thing. They celebrated this new figure in sports who maybe didn't look like all the other figures.


They knew, they thought it was great. He was to be celebrated. But they all had in common, that's normal. People have responded to Kaitlyn. What they all had in common is that they fundamentally changed the sport and they brought casual fans into the sport to become lifelong fans of the sport. It didn't matter what the color of their skin was, that's what Tiger Woods did to golf. That's what Kaitlyn Clark did to the WNBA. That's the sort of excellence that should be celebrated. And I, it's so weird to me that we had that entire ideology fail at the battle box, battle ballot box a few weeks ago. And now she's like the last one to get the memo. It's crazy. Yeah. I, You know, can, Can, can, but imagine a world just, we gotta keep this going 'cause it's like I'm so fired up about, but imagine a world in which Serena and Venus take over tennis, they crush and the, and the thought pieces that are being written are, or, or the comments that they are required to say are, I just wanna acknowledge that tennis was built on the back of white people like Chrissy Everett and, and Martina Navar and Billy G. King.


And You know, I, I have black privilege in being here. I, because of my whatever, however she wants to attribute that. It wasn't explained by Kaitlyn either exactly how her white privilege got her some more attention in the league. That's the theory by some racist that the only reason we wanna watch Kaitlyn is because she's white and we can't stand watching the blacks, but we'll watch the white, which is absurd. She's by far the best. The stats prove it. That's why she's so popular. But in what world would we ever be comfortable saying to these black superstars, you better acknowledge the backs on whose, You know, bodies, tennis and golf and whatever white sport you can think of, were was built. I mean, it's an absurdity, it's racist on its face.


Yeah. And You know, the, the thing that really strikes me, if you think about Time Magazine, it's not, they don't care about sports. It's a religious track for the left-wing lunacy in this country. And what they care about is driving their politics forward. There are thousands of athletes who have had great years that they could highlight if they cared about highlighting a top athlete. Caitlyn Clark is one of them. But this story, and her naming her really strikes me is something that was negotiated between her PR agent and Time Magazine, where the agreement was she would say what the left wanted to hear, and in exchange she's named Athlete. Well, This is the, this is part of the sports culture and has been here for the last five or six years.


That these are the kind of things that you get into when you do these sort of quote unquote mainstream pieces. But I think there's something that's much larger than all of this. And one of the reasons we why we're so irritated about it is this election you saw huge participation and definitive in how they came down amongst Gen X and older millennials. And one of the big pieces of that, in my view is that we all kind of grew up in a social atmosphere where you just didn't think of people in white buckets, in black buckets. And like all my heroes were young black athletes. And I never thought about that thought. Yeah. When I watched Family Matters, it wasn't like, oh, I'm watching the black sitcom.


Yeah. You know, like you never thought about that as a kid. Like the Cosby Show, Cosby Show wasn't, you're like, yeah. You weren't like, oh man, well this let's watch the Black show tonight. Yeah. Like it just never had, that's not how we grew up. And somehow time over the last 10 years, all of that change and it took people a while to try to figure out how and why and what they could do about it. In this election, they finally said, fuck you, we are not doing this anymore. We are not gonna discriminate people. We are not gonna evaluate their character or their worth based on their skin color. We're not doing any of that anymore. And they set the DI and all of those people that want to push that agenda are doing that to us. We're gonna throw your asses out.


And that's exactly what they did. And so now you get the sports agents and all this stuff that apparently didn't get the memo. And I That's right. My bet is my be my bet is Megan, I think you're talking about like a 22-year-old young woman who's sort of thrust into this cultural icon. I bet five years from now, she's gonna wish she had that back. And, and I, I don't think that Maybe, I don't think that she's a bad, bad. I mean, right now what we know about Kailyn Clarke is she's reportedly dating some very, very woke leftist. But what we know about her is she liked Taylor Swift's endorsement of Kamala Harris. So she seems to be telegraphing something about her politics, even though she doesn't often tweet or post about politics. It seems pretty clear she was in that lane hoping Kamala Harris got elected.


Though when asked about it, she tried to play it off as she was just, You know, really in favor of people informing themselves about the issues and making sure they vote. Okay. Sure. There isn't a Trump voter in the world that would've liked the Taylor Swift endorsement of Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh. So she definitely is a democrat and probably a leftist who believes this crap. I have to think she believes in this crap. This is the first real, You know, window we are getting into the way she thinks, and I couldn't care less if she's a Democrat. As I've said many times, You know, my, the people in my family are Democrats. A lot of people I love are Democrats. It's not about that. It's about this sick ideology and the fact that she, she's, she bent both knees.


She got down on both knees and begged for forgiveness for her whiteness, and then was condescending to the black women in the league while she did it. It was an utter fail. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change with UBC's community leadership skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts Winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing unspoken the new Diamond fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly interwoven in white or yellow, 14 karat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared.