(2s):
Introducing Instagram Teen accounts. Automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.

(17s):
Got a hunch about this football season, put it in play with FanDuel's. Easy to use Zap. Right now new customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets. Nothing Can stop this team. Nothing. Sounds like someone's got an optimistic hunch. 21 plus in President in Virginia must be first one online Real money wager. $5 in positive required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after we see restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(48s):
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show on our weekend. best of special. We had a busy week with some of our favorite regulars and some first timers. One who joined me for the very first time was Nicole Shanahan. I loved her. She's RFK J's Running Mate was, I guess I should say, we got into her Make America Healthy again movement and her incredible ads around maga. She did that. The MAGA people ad that you may have seen everywhere humanizing Trump supporters.

(1m 28s):
And we got into Nicole's political evolution away from the Democratic Party. Also her marriage to Sergei Bryn, the guy who started Google. Speaking of political evolution, Batya Ungar Sargon was also with me this week to talk about the political realignment happening throughout this country as the working class is turning in record numbers toward Trump and the GOP oh and Vice President Kamala Harris did an interview this week with M-S-N-B-C and she was terrible. I broke it down point by point. Vivek Ramaswamy was also here to talk about NBC's completely absurd interview with First Lady Jill Biden and the state of the media overall. Enjoy, and I'll see you Monday.

(2m 11s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts. I can't get over what an interesting background you have and your political evolution in particular is fascinating. Like a lot of people who are going to pull the lever for Donald Trump in November. You've spent most all of your life as a Democrat supporting Democrats, even with donations and fundraisers. So tell us a little bit about your migration over to Team Red.

(2m 54s):
Yeah, And, and I just wanna clarify, I I consider myself an independent, like 51% of Americans today, and I that number is growing. People are re-registering. They're giving up their party a affiliation, they're leaving the duopoly. And I very much consider myself part of that trend. And the power within that trend is to be able to pick a candidate Based on the issues they represent, as well as the, where we'd like to see the direction of the country going. So it's not a your team versus my team, it's who's really thinking about Americans putting, you know, a real understanding of the American family at the forefront, individual liberty at the forefront, and preserving what makes this country so great.

(3m 42s):
And so my political evolution really from Democrat to independent is, it's come from many directions, but I will say the overarching summary is that something is very, very wrong right now in this country. And they've, there's a group of people, corporatists CROs, you can call them what you wanna call them, transhumanist, anti-women. They seem to be collecting around the Democratic party. And it's something I started noticing as early as eight years ago, and so many inconsistencies that I was seeing. But even from areas of climate change, which they hold themselves up as caring so much about the inconsistencies in how they handle social justice work.

(4m 35s):
They seem to focus on these pro crime initiatives without really fixing the economy and lifting communities up. So these are areas that I care so deeply about and very invested in. Still am I, I still believe that we have to take care of our environment, care about carbon and the climate situation. And there's ways to do it without adding toxins to our environment. So there's all these common sense ways to address these issues that the Democrats have completely abandoned for something else. And that something else is deeply ideological.

(5m 16s):
It is anti-human in many ways. It's anti nature and it's, it's something I can no longer support in good faith. This, This reminds me so much of when I met Michael Shellenberger on this show four years ago when we were just getting started. We didn't even have video at that time. And he, like you was on the left, he was a Democrat, he worked for Greenpeace, he was part of the whole Cylindra initiative at the Obama White House trying to get all this green energy out there. And as someone who's, who was drawn to that work out of his love for Mother Earth, he slowly but surely had the veil brought down on how these efforts that were being pushed through by the government were doing more harm than good.

(6m 5s):
You know, the, the windmills and the solar panels and the toxins and the amount of land that they have to claim and vegetation and bird life and other animal life that has to be wiped out and really just came to it very naturally and organically. And that is what makes somebody a true proselytizer on certain issues. Right? Because you tried it the other way. You kind of believed you were a believer only to realize you were wrong. Well, I I, I actually have been working in climate change and evaded a lot of the energy projects because I have a background in economics and the private market will solve for energy issues through innovation.

(6m 45s):
That's my background. I'm an intellectual property attorney. I've studied the evolution of human innovation. I created an AI to study every patent humans have ever created. And I understand the cost basis economics of, of certain innovation projects. So energy is something that the government doesn't actually have to be involved in because the private market will oftentimes innovate to solve these issues. Obviously there's coordination and the grid and regulatory issues, but in a perfect private market environment, you don't need the kind of of government spend that the Democrats have been throwing so much money at.

(7m 30s):
And so where I spent my time in climate work is looking at farming and soil because it's the only category in climate change mitigation that is a true win-win If, you do it right, you eliminate toxins from the environment, you create food security, you create small businesses. And it is an area, however that is going to require some government assistance to get away from large corporate farming and large corporate centralization. We, we have to rewrite how we think about the Farm Bill.

(8m 13s):
We can't keep supporting big Ag and agrochemical companies and a, a small injection. I mean, look, our current farm bill is gonna be over a trillion dollars at this point. It's gonna be the largest farm bill in history. And if they just spent 1% of that on regenerative agriculture, it would do more for climate issues than any of the Inflation reduction act or the Green New Deal would do. And so why Don't they, why don't they, because what we had, I watched the whole hearing, just so the audience knows there was a great hearing on Monday. Casey means was there, RFKJ was there, Callie means Casey's brother was there.

(8m 54s):
He's been amazing on this issue. Jillian Anderson, a a bunch of people who, our audience, sorry, Jillian Michaels, a bunch of people who our audience would know and have, have been on the show talking about some of these issues. Casey gets into regenerative agriculture and, and farming in her book Good energy, which everyone should buy and read. But you saw what the media did afterward. I mean, they couldn't have cared less. And the one publication that really wrote it up, the Atlantic, which bothered to send somebody to it was absolutely sneering and disgusting in its coverage of it, calling it the WOOWOO Caucus. Screw you Elaine Godfrey, because some of us have kids whose very lives are gonna depend on these reforms that they were discussing at this hearing.

(9m 42s):
But the reason the Atlantic has to crap on this messaging, Nicole, is they're owned by Steve Jobs's widow and she's very close with Kamala Harris. And they decided to take a nonpartisan event that spoke about things like the soil and the problems and turn it into some sort of ad for Trump, which it wasn't. And then without considering any of the ideas dumped all over it. Yeah, Reine Powell jobs, I've, I've met her a few times. I know Emerson Collective a bit. I've, I've crossed paths with them.

(10m 22s):
They're here in Silicon Valley. My office used to be around the corner from their office in Palo Alto. And I think that she is stuck in something she's created, something that she didn't intend to create. You have to recognize all the stuff we're seeing with immigration that came through her foundation, Emerson Collective, she, she, I think at her root wants to do the right thing, but she's working with bad actors. And I don't think, I think she's aware of some of it, but I don't think she understands the full scope of it. And I say that because it, I ran into similar issues as well when I started working in the criminal justice reform space.

(11m 10s):
I came in as a good actor. I wanted to reform the infrastructure of the justice system. I wanted to make sure there was balance in it. I wanted to make sure taxpayers weren't overspending on incarceration. And something happened, bad actors came in and other forces came in. I I will say we do have foreign influences that are directing some of these funds in very bad ways. And you know, next thing I know, we have all these anarchists claiming to be criminal justice reformers and they've somehow taken over our politicians who are supposed to be overseeing these funds and efforts.

(11m 52s):
Well, what Do you mean? I mean, because the biggest funder is George Soros, who's not an anarchist, but he's a deeply problematic man who's determined to fundamentally change this country for the worst. I would say that some of the stuff he's done is, is very much in the mindset of anarchy. Anti-government or, or sorry, not I thought You were saying, you were saying foreign actors. Foreign actors. Yes. So If, you look at some of the things that are coming in through TikTok, tiktoks are a really great example of how young people are being influenced today. Some of the content creators are being paid by Chinese companies.

(12m 35s):
And you're like, why, why are some of these influencers getting $200,000 a year to talk about American social issues? And, and, and you look, I think that we need to do a deep, deep dive into exactly how these funds work, what, what they're doing to our country. But in the area of criminal justice reform, you know, there's evidence that BLM for instance, received money from groups affiliated with Chinese entities and If. you look at what BLM did to the criminal justice reform effort, which was going very well.

(13m 17s):
We got the crime rate down, we got incarceration rates down, communities were doing better. This was around 20 20 16. And then by 2020 it turned into just this hellscape and the good faith actors who are trying to fix the criminal justice system, who are making progress no longer could make progress anymore. The das that were supposed to be doing this great reform work became unreachable. And I will say, having been on the front lines of that and, and seeing it and the dynamics and the grassroots groups and, and the messaging changing and becoming radicalized, it, it's, it sounds more anarchist then it does a, a good faith approach to making a fair justice system.

(14m 11s):
Yeah. Well listen, I I I take back that George Soros was not, is not an anarchist because he's funded enough upset and rioting across the shores of America that it, you could make the case just the foreign actor thing threw me. But I mean, right now he's obviously behind all these soft on crime prosecutors. He doesn't want them to prosecute any crime. He's behind a lot of this, the, the pro-Palestinian protesting that we're seeing on college campuses. He hasn't seen rioting or protesting in America that's on a left wing cause that he doesn't wanna get behind. And his son just had a meeting with Tim Walls, his son is just like him and is now very close to the Harris Walls campaign. So I hope you like George Soros if you're voting for Kamala Harris.

(14m 54s):
'cause you're gonna get a whole lot more just like it. But you, I too am an independent and, but I've told my audience, I'm voting for Trump. You're able, not withstanding coming from the left to see the truth about the MAGA movement and you put out I think the best ad I've seen about MAGA since it was born. I've had many of my friends who consider themselves maga forward it to me so that we would talk about it. And it's absolutely beautiful. Here is part of it. The MAGA people sat 33 Across the Atlantic in the North American country of the United States lies a fascinating and often misunderstood collective from its northeastern cities to its Midwestern towns, to its expansive west.

(15m 45s):
This courageous group of individuals are most notably known for their unwavering patriotism. Join us as we explore the fascinating world of the MAGA people. Contrary to what we had been told, we found the MAGA people to be warm, loving, and even rather cheeky at times. As we spent time with the MAGA people, we learned that their mantra make America great again is an optimistic belief that the United States will once again prosper by returning to its founding principles of a government by and for the people. It's quite brilliant, Nicole, like the sort of the, you know, the 1950s feel of like foreign space alien has come down to America and investigated this odd group.

(16m 28s):
And so absolutely lovely. So why, and there's, you are doing a series of these ads and they're all this quality and this effective. So why did you get behind that? Like how did that come to you? Yeah, it was very organic. We didn't hire a sophisticated team at all. We have really one editor that we work with. What each of those films cost about $7,000 to produce amazing. That one and TDS were my original idea. And it's in part just comes from a place within my own being of trying to figure it out and explain my own bias.

(17m 11s):
You have to understand, I was fully deep in the Kool-Aid of the left-wing media and believed everything they were telling me about MAGA being a domestic terrorist organization. And the programming was so deep, Megan, that I would see someone with that MAGA cap on and I would feel tension and fear inside. And this is very true for many of those who are still stuck in that mindset and stuck in that programming. And we attempted a few approaches to the who are the MAGA people or what is maga?

(17m 53s):
And none of them, a lot of them were like very serious. Some of them were, they didn't, they didn't sway me. So I needed something that was going to engage someone from my background and was gonna deliver a gentle message and was gonna deliver it in a way that felt truthful. And, and so when we made this one, it was very much about these BBC and investigative anthropological studies of these other people because that's what's happened in America is that we've been so divided that we're almost different clans.

(18m 41s):
It's, we have to try to figure out how to understand each other in narratives that our consciousness has seen before. And so these BBC anthropology trips seemed like a really great way of helping us rediscover one another here in America. So Good, it's so well done. The, you referenced TDSI think our audience knows that stands for Trump derangement syndrome, which is a real thing. And that one's excellent too. Here's a bit of that in, so 31, Are you or your loved ones suffering from illnesses such as TDS, also known as Trump derangement syndrome.

(19m 25s):
Do you dismiss or deny the current issues facing our country such as historic inflation, illegal immigration, corporate corruption, world War three escalations and the chronic disease epidemic? Are you willing to elect someone who was the least popular vice president in modern history and who offers no policy or vision for America? Simply because your brain keeps telling you anyone but Trump. If so, you might be struggling from TDS introducing independence. Independence allows you the freedom to finally think independently. Once again. So good. So do these drop only on YouTube and how can we get these in front of all of your California neighbors?

(20m 6s):
So interestingly, TDS went super viral in the first 48 hours and has now been viewed close to 90 million times. And, and then the who is the MAGA peoples didn't go quite as viral, but people used it to send to their family members or friends or colleagues, and they said, look, I know you think MAGA is a domestic terrorist organization, but just take two minutes of your day and watch this video because this is my understanding of who MAGA is.

(20m 46s):
And and that's been really heartening for me to hear the feedback on, because that really was the intention of these short videos. Just something that, you know, would really tickle people's humor and curiosity and create a forum for having open conversation with one another. Again, because it is so divided. We're working on one right now, which is really a love letter from my heart to moms and families out there and to grandparents because boomers right are really hard to reach in this country.

(21m 26s):
Liberal boomers are some of the most stubborn when it comes to changing their opinion on Donald Trump. They're hooked to legacy media. I call it Boomer news. Right? That's good. And you know this one, it, it's called the Dear Dad ad. And it's a family story. It's my family story of, of my sister-in-law trying to communicate with her dad, who's an ever Trumper. They're in Arizona. And her son, little boy Jack was severely vaccine injured and almost passed away.

(22m 9s):
And, and this was a clear case of vaccine injury. And you know, so dear dad is, is just this gut wrenching letter she wrote that we're gonna try to get out there and help people understand that, you know, this is one election cycle, but we've got bigger battles to fight right now. We've got to uncover the depths of the corruption. And this is not vindictive, this is not a vindictive journey. We're not trying to, you know, throw anyone in prison for the rest of their life. But we, we want freedom.

(22m 50s):
We want our liberty back, we want honest healthcare. We want our children protected. We don't wanna see anymore of these one and a half year old, two and a half year old baby struggling to breathe on ventilators,

(23m 5s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.

(23m 23s):
What's your thought on the latest round of polling in these three critical battlegrounds? It does seem like he's regaining some of the ground that he had before the coup. That it's, it's substantiated Harris instead of Biden in general. It's a very tight race. But, it does seem like Trump is polling more the way he did in 2016 than the way that he did in 2020. And Harris is behind Biden and behind Clinton in key demographics that she needs to win, including young voters, voters of color, especially men. You know, we know that polling is not always accurate. We know that there are people who will still will not admit to pollsters that they're gonna pull the lever for Trump.

(24m 7s):
But I'll tell you what I'm looking at, Meghan. So in 2020, Donald Trump was polling at 8% of black men and he ended up winning 18% of black men. So almost double the people who were willing to admit to pollsters they were gonna vote for him, he is now polling at 25% of black men under the age of 50. And if history, recent history is any indication, that's really what I am sort of focused on, that so many black men are willing to admit to pollsters. Actually, I see a home for myself in the MAGA movement. Actually, I think Donald Trump is the unifying candidate.

(24m 47s):
Actually I think my children are, have a better future under Trump than under Harris. To me that is extremely significant about the shifting tides in this country. You know, Bachi, you wrote this book second class and it takes a hard look at the working class of America and how they've been forgotten by the Democrat party and they've migrated much more to the Republicans. And I think you're the perfect person to ask about what happened with the Teamsters last week. For that reason, we didn't spend a lot of time on it last week. There was a lot going on. The president was almost assassinated again, president Trump. And so, but this was a pretty extraordinary moment in Teamster history. And I realized they didn't wind up actually endorsing Trump.

(25m 29s):
But the mere fact that they couldn't, the leadership couldn't endorse Harris given, given that some 60% of their members wanted. Trump really does signal some sort of a sea change here on working class Americans. Absolutely. Let's start with Sean O'Brien, the head of the teamsters. This man is a national treasure. He's the first leader in modern history in our, you know, era. The first union leader to say, you know what? I'm not just gonna do what the elites and the Democratic party expect me to do. I'm gonna represent my rank and file where they're at. What a concept.

(26m 10s):
But what a concept that a leader's job is actually to reflect the people who he was elected to give voice to. And what he did with that power and that leadership was he asked both campaigns, can I come to your national convention? Donald Trump said yes with open arms. He gave him a primetime slot, 10:00 PM the first night, which was the first time the nation had seen Donald Trump since the shooting. Right? He didn't tell him how long he could speak for, he spoke for about 30 minutes. It was a raucous speech, wildly pro worker, challenging in many ways to the Republican establishment. These were unvetted remarks because Donald Trump wanted the representative of the teamsters to feel at home in his party, true leadership by both men.

(26m 57s):
And what did the Democrats do? They banned the head of the Teamsters union, which represents 1.3 million hardworking Americans from the DNC to punish him for going out there and going to the RNC. And I just think that is so telling Meghan, you have Donald Trump out here with 60% of the teamsters. You know, they didn't endorse him, but that is an endorsement. Right? And meanwhile, who does Kamala Harris have? Who's she bragging about having in her corner? Goldman Sachs, Oprah, Meryl Streep, Dick Che Chaney, The tax state, the tax union. Exactly. The the Tax Investigators Union. Oh my God. Who wants to vote for the candidate who the, the people who work for the IRS are voting for?

(27m 42s):
That's exactly right. This is the political realignment around class lines. Donald Trump has cobbled together a mass populist movement of working class Americans of all races because more unifies us as Americans than divides us. That is the MAGA movement right now. And meanwhile, Kamala Harris is leaning into the elites who have become the Democrats base. That's what we're seeing. And by the way, just one more quick point, the UAW, the united outer workers, right? They're very, very much still in the Democrats camp. The thing you have to understand, Megan, is that over a quarter of UAW members are not auto workers.

(28m 24s):
They work at universities, they are grad students. What they are adjunct professors. Yes. Because what happened was the UAW realized that auto workers are Trump voters. And so they started to basically swell their ranks with college educated elites, effectively trying to become like one of these white collar unions. When I worked at my last job and they tried to get me to join the union, my last job as a journalist, the union that represented them was the UAW. Okay? So you know, that's, there really is, yes, there is a class divide even within the unions, but the union leadership in America often really does go, they play the political game and they're in the pocket of the Democrats and they ignore their rank and file.

(29m 11s):
Unlike Sean O'Brien. And honestly, Megan, this is a watershed moment. You think the electricians unions, those electricians who are all Trump voters, they're gonna let their leaders next time round endorse a Democrat. They won't because they look at what Sean O'Brien did and they say, we wanna lead her like that. Oh my gosh, that reminds me of my mom who is constantly talking to her electrician, who is definitely a Trump voter. And she gets all sorts of information from him. And I'm like, mom, have you been on the internet again? What are you and what's happening? She's like, no, I talked to the electrician. He's definitely pro-Trump. You, you met Shaan O'Brien at the RNC. Here's a little bit of that for folks who missed it. No other nominee in the race would've invited the Teamsters into this arena.

(29m 55s):
Now you can have whatever opinion you want, but one thing is clear, president Trump is a candidate who is not afraid of hearing from new, loud, and often critical voices. And I think we all can agree whether people like him or they don't like him in light of what happened to him on Saturday, he has proven to be one tough SOB, Right? So he, that is somebody who understands working class guy's concern concerns. And he's not the only one. Badia John Federman.

(30m 36s):
I mean, books should be written about John Fetterman's political career so far as a US Senator, like the race, the stroke, him not being able to really speak well or be understood, the doubts about him on the right in particular. And then as soon as he became very pro-Israel, the left turned on him, the pro-Israel, right? Started to reevaluate him. He reemerged as sort of this working class guy who understands their concerns. And now as a Democrat in the critical state of Pennsylvania, it's not like he's endorsing Trump, but he is offering some hard truths about why Pennsylvanians do love Trump and why this state, even though it's become bluer and bluer over the past 10 years, is still likely or potentially at least going to go for Donald Trump.

(31m 31s):
It's tight, it's tight, tight, tight. She spent all of her time there. Kamala Harris has basically moved to Pennsylvania and here's John Derman explaining some of what's happened with Trump there. And I also want people to understand, you know, and it's not science, but there is an, there's energy and there's kinds of anger in on the ground in Pennsylvania and people are very committed and strong. Trump is gonna be strong and, and that's we, we have to respect that. You don't, can't even understand it. And it's not like a science that can explain it, but, but you have to just know that it's real. Trump has created a special kind of a hold within the corn and he's remade the the party and he has a special kind of place in Pennsylvania.

(32m 18s):
And I think that only deepened after that first assassination. Hmm. Very honest. Definitely. It's very amazing. I don't know If, you remember this Megan, but after the debate that John Fetterman did with Dr. Oz, who Trump had endorsed and Fetterman was right out the stroke, he could barely talk. It was so hard to watch. Your heart really went out for him, right? But everybody came out of that and was like, wow, meme Oz is gonna win. But not Donald Trump. Donald Trump, he watched it with one of his advisors. I don't remember which advisor it was, but they later said that what Trump said was, no John Fetterman's gonna win because people are gonna feel sorry for him.

(33m 0s):
I mean that shows you Trump's real genius for politics and how people operate. He could see that coming. It is very amazing. You know, John Federman has this big stroke, you know, faces his maker and comes out like super pro Israel, right? Yes. I think it's very interesting that he's able to both stay a Democrat while facing down the far left of his party. I think that shows real strength and character. I mean obviously I want him to find his way to Trump and find his way to understanding why so many of his own constituents are so solidly in the MAGA camp and why it's because they want a better future for their children and why they're right about that. But I do think that it takes a lot of strength to be attacked so viciously and vociferously from your own side and still toe the line and say, no, I represent where the Democrats I ideally should be.

(33m 51s):
And I think Megan, even for us who are kind of on the other side of things, we should want a better democratic party, right? Like we should want the Democratic party that's represented by John Fetterman to fight against rather than the Democratic party that's represented by Rashida Tali. Because we should want, want this country to be having debates that are elevated and about the issues and are legitimate and honest rather than whether Jews deserve to exist. Right? Yeah. Right. Exactly. How do we get down to that point? So the working class remains a very interesting issue in this campaign, in that yes, Kamala Harris, if she's gonna get elected, it's gonna be thanks to the elites, it's not gonna be thanks to the working class with whom she's doing very poorly. Especially in comparison to Joe Biden who did much, much better in particular with unions than she is doing.

(34m 37s):
She's fallen precipitously with all these union groups that did like Joe Biden. 'cause he had a proven history with them. And so now there is a bit of a battle still to get some of them through her vice presidential candidate. She seems to have the big middle finger going for them, like in her, in terms of who she sits with, the messaging that she gives about herself. But they send Tim Walls out there to be sort of man of the people, you know, in his flannel and like a real regular working class guy, like a teacher you can under, you can relate to. And the latest effort was him this weekend, like working on his car. He's just like a guy who works on the car and kicks the engine around.

(35m 19s):
Here is a bit a bit of an ad. This is an ad showing him working on this car watch Everything works on here except one thing I'm still tinkering with cruise control. So I'm gonna show you how to fix that. At the same time we talk about creating an opportunity economy so that everybody can get the opportunity to thrive, to be able to work on this thing. You got a manual, it shows you exactly what to do to fix things on this. Donald Trump and JD Vance have a manual too. It's called Project 2025. And it's a way to stick it to the middle class by giving tax cuts to the wealthiest look, you didn't, they didn't give me a manual for this If you didn't plan on using it to fix your truck. They didn't create that project 2025.

(35m 59s):
Just have it set around at a door stop. Okay? So according to LA Times, this kind of car sells for anywhere between 39 to $59,000. So he's just a regular working class guy with a $60,000 automobile. He can really, he's just like you batya, that's, that's the, the walls campaign's attempt. It's so amazing because Tim Walls is like an over credentialed rich elites, you know, view of what a working class person looks like and sounds like in talks like and does in their free time, right? It's all acting just like Harris, right? She's acting, she's acting like a vice presidential candidate.

(36m 41s):
And the point is that it doesn't matter because their base doesn't care. Their base are those same over credentialed college elites, those same rich people, the Hollywood elites, you know, the tech elites, right? People who, who make, you know, who work in, in, in the knowledge industry and, you know, make between like, you know, 250 and a million dollars a year like that is the Democrat's base. And so to them, he doesn't have to come off as plausible to working class people. He just has to come off as plausible to Meryl Streep, right? That she picked the working class. Oh, that's such a good point, right? It's like there, it doesn't actually have to convince people who actually are working class because they've effectively seated those people already to Donald Trump.

(37m 22s):
That's a great point. It was funny because this past weekend friends of ours have this old Land Rover, it's legit old. It looks like an army tank. And on the back of it there, there's a bumper sticker that read no airbags. We die like real men. That's great. But I thought was very funny. Don't, don't try that at home, folks get an airbag, but very, a very funny sort of middle finger to the, you know, overly protected, newfound safety crew on everything. So let's go to Kamala Harris and her outreach to the working class. And that brings me to Oprah. I joke of course, since Oprah has never, I mean, I would said this on Friday, like, when was the last time Oprah actually surrounded herself with actual working class people?

(38m 10s):
Spent any time with them at all? No, she's on her ma Montecito mansion ranch with Meghan Markle, you know, dining on mimosa's midday and taking her ozempic. This is not somebody, you know, the guys who actually do work on their cars can relate to at all. And I know you were struck by the most, and it's tough to pick, but the most inane answer from Kamala Harris as so many were this, this answer went totally viral because it's so empty and it promises absolutely nothing. And it somehow encapsulates everything about Kamala Harris that the left loves and the right can't stand. Here is that moment of her with Oprah on Thursday night at one.

(38m 50s):
We love our country, okay? I love our country. I know we all do. That's why everybody's here right now. We love our country. We, we take pride in the privilege of being American. We are an optimistic people. Americans by character are people who have dreams and ambitions and aspirations. We believe in what is possible. We believe in what can be. And we believe in fighting for that. That's how, that's how we came into being because the people before us understood that one of the greatest expressions for the love of our country, one of the greatest expressions of patriotism is to fight for the ideals of who we are.

(39m 46s):
It's by the way, I, I'd give her $10,000 if, if she can answer this question. Name three of the founding fathers, just three. Name three, she, she has no idea. Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for teens with built-in limits for who can contact them and the content they can see helping teens safely connect to the people and things that matter most plus teens under 16 require parental approval to change safety settings. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact them and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.

(40m 31s):
I would say we definitely went up in quality when it comes to the person asking the questions. Though, I've got a lot of criticism for Stephanie Roll. I do not put her in the same category as those a, b, c moderators or really even Dana Bash. She did ask some challenging questions. That's basically what I'm saying. But no follow ups and none of the flip flops of Kamala Harris's positions, like all of this stuff is just left floating in the ether as though it's never happened. It's just incredibly frustrating to watch. But I'm going, I'm grading on a curve here because we, we, when everyone fails the test, you know, someone's gotta be given a d plus.

(41m 16s):
I guess look, the real story is Kamala Harris and how she answered the question. She was terrible. She was absolutely awful. I actually don't really understand why she can't do the memorization trick that she did for the debate for these interviews. Now she knows she's gonna sit with this for this interview with a woman who has a business news background. You, she's just, you know, done an economic speech. Why wouldn't you get your little note card team together and come up with a few like actual answers on your economic plan, on its weaknesses that you might get asked about.

(41m 56s):
You know, I don't get it unless this is that version. And like those people aren't very good if they're not writing mean note cards about Trump. That that might explain it actually. Okay. There's a lot to go to. I have the transcript here. It started off with what I think may have been her worst answer. I actually think I, I was driving in my car last night listening to SiriusXM when this was rolling. And thank God for SiriusXM and the fact that you can get news live on SiriusXM as a lot of you are doing right now. But in any event, I, I've heard this whole interview and in particular the one where she responded to red tape Red, how are we gonna get rid of government red tape?

(42m 36s):
We'll get to that. But let's kick it off with what was probably the second worst answer of the entire thing. And it was on question number one. The question you'll hear it here was, okay, you laid out your economic vision, but a lot of Americans don't see themselves in your plans. What do you say to them, to Americans who don't see themselves in your plan? Her plans are so myopic. We talked about that one day. I was like, basically If, you have diabetes, she's got you in mind for something. Yay. And now since then, she's talked about her economic plan covering first time home buyers, k people who are in the first year of having a baby K and people who wanna start a small business.

(43m 21s):
Alright? The vast, vast majority of Americans do not fall into one of those three categories. I believe that is what Stephanie rule was trying to get at. Like, what are you gonna do about the millions, the hundreds of millions of Americans who are suffering thanks to your policies? And your three little proposals don't cover any of them. Would you listen to the nonsense, the repetitive nonsense? And if you've got, you know, a vodka soda with a splash of lime right now, I challenge you to drink every time you hear hardworking dreams, ambitions, or aspirations, roll it.

(44m 2s):
Madam Vice president, you just laid out your economic vision for the future. Yeah. But still, there are lots of Americans who don't see themselves in your plans. For those who say, these policies aren't for me, what do you say to them? Well, If, you are hardworking If. you have the dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of What I believe you do. You're in my plan. What, you know, I, I have to tell you I really love and I'm so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people.

(44m 46s):
We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. Yeah, We have dreams. We can see what's possible. We have an incredible work ethic. Work ethic, But not everyone has the access to the opportunities that allow them to achieve those things. But we don't lack for those things. But not everyone, you know, gets handed stuff on a silver platter. And so my vision for the economy, I call it an opportunity economy, is about making sure that all Americans, wherever they start, wherever they are, have the ability to actually achieve those, those dreams and those ambitions. Yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm hammered if I'm drinking at home at this point.

(45m 30s):
Okay? So if you're hardworking, If, you have the dreams, If, you have the dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of what I believe you do, you're in my plan. Got it. Okay. What does that even mean? I have to tell you all the filler I really love and then so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. You've said nothing. You are wasting time with filler. Just the little duck's legs underneath the lake going and going and going and going and going and going. Nothing's happening though nothing energized. Love what I know to be spirit character American people. We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. We can see what's possible.

(46m 10s):
You could see the edit of her. We can be unburdened by what has been, you can see she's been told Don't stop, just stop saying that. You can see the self-edit. We can see what's possible. We have an incredible work ethic. Okay? You already said that if you're hardworking, you have dreams, ambitious and aspirations. You're in my plan. I love and I'm so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. We have ambitious, we have aspirations and dreams and we have an incredible work ethic. We can see what's possible. So far we've done nothing. All right. Is everybody with me on what she's doing here? But not everyone has the access to the opportunities. Again, the question was for the people who don't see themselves in your plans, what do you say to them? Not everyone has access to the opportunities that allow them to achieve those things.

(46m 53s):
Achieve what things? Ambition, dreams and aspirations. What things, what you have. You haven't laid any of the things out. Not everyone gets handed stuff on a silver platter. You mean dreams, ambitions and aspirations. What? What? So my vision for the economy, I call it an opportunity economy. I love how she's like, this is my phrase, this is my thing. And opportunity equality. I mean the true, the the true thing that she's running on is equity If. you really read her plan. She's going back to, we don't all start in the same place, but we absolutely have to finish in the same place. It doesn't matter how hard you work, it doesn't matter your level of education.

(47m 35s):
It doesn't matter how well adjusted you are or aren't. You must end in the same place in Kamala Harris's worldview. That's equity. She's on camera saying it more times than I can count. That's what opportunity economy stands for. In any event, she didn't say that here. Okay? My vision is making sure all Americans, wherever they start, wherever they are, here we go again, have the ability to actually achieve those dreams and those ambitions. You can feel the cringey, the cringing of her staff. Can't you at this point? You know, they're back like, ah, stop saying that it's no, we're not, we're on no card number two.

(48m 15s):
No. Which include, okay, she's okay now she's getting great, she's getting to what the dreams and ambitions actually include, which include for middle class families. Here we go. What? Just being able to know that their hard work allows them to get ahead. Right? Right. I hate how she says right after all of her sentences. Right? You know? Right. Like she said something truly profound and now we're bonding over what does Sue say or she is how she really sees the future for us all. Okay? So she's gonna make sure we have the ability to actually achieve our dreams and our ambitions, which include being able to know that our hard work allows us to get ahead.

(49m 3s):
That's what she's gonna do as president. That's amazing. I like, I love that she's gonna do that for me. She, what other thought in my mind about how the future could be just general thought about how I'd like to be. I'd like to be a kinder person. I would like to be more observant in my faith. Can she help me with that? Maybe, maybe she'll work on those opportunities for me to actually achieve my dreams and ambitions and my aspirations. And then she finishes it off with, we didn't play this, but I come from the middle class. My mother raised my sister in me. She worked hard. No one gives a shit about your mother. They care about themselves.

(49m 43s):
Stop talking about your mother. Start talking about the people who are actually suffering. Okay? So the only thing she said and the whole answer, and this was at the very end, was my, so my vision for the economy is let's deal with some of the everyday challenges that people face and address them with common sense solutions. And then we got these four words such as, yes, what affordable housing. Okay, affordable housing, she's gonna solve that. We're not sure how, but she's mentioned a $25,000 tax break for first time home buyers only. So if you've already owned a home, you're ed.

(50m 24s):
If you're struggling to pay your mortgage But, it happens to be your second home, you're effed. That's it. And then she wants to somehow create more houses. We don't know how we'll get to that later. Okay Then instead of Stephanie rule saying, you did not answer any of my question. You said a bunch of nonsense and did not get substantive. What specifically are you going to do outside of the three myopic tiny proposals you keep mentioning? No, that wasn't the follow up. The follow up was ready. Over the last four years, there have been tremendous economic wins and you have just laid out a big plan.

(51m 9s):
What, what, what are the tremendous economic wins? Was it the, the trillions in spending that we could not afford that drove us up to double digit inflation? Was it the inflation reduction act, which President Joe Biden has admitted was falsely named and was really a climate bill, which we all knew at the time. And like what? That's sycophantic commenting and questioning. It's not questioning at all. And then she pivots to, okay, this is fine. But still the polling shows most likely voters still think Trump is better to handle the economy. Why do you think that is?

(51m 49s):
Okay, then she comes out with, Trump left us the worst economy since the Great Depression. When you look at the employment numbers to Stephanie rules credit, she says, that was during COVID. She's an employment was, she means unemployment was so high because we shut down the government and we shut down the country. Good for her. Then Harris responds with lies. Even before the pandemic, he lost manufacturing jobs by most people's estimates at least 200,000. What does that mean? Most people KA law, her husband Doug. Tim Walls, Joe Biden. Because that's just not true. That's actually a knowable fact. It's not, doesn't have to be an estimate. We actually can look it up and we don't have to look very far.

(52m 30s):
'cause CNN, which is no fan of Donald Trump, actually FactCheck this itself, saying the loss in manufacturing jobs for Trump's entire presidency was 178,000 manufacturing jobs. But, but you've gotta look at when those came. Okay? Because manufacturing employment plummeted at the start of the pandemic, shedding 1.3 million jobs in April, 2020 alone, the economy then immediately resumed adding manufacturing jobs increasing each month from May to December during the pandemic before a small loss in January, 2021 when we were splitting over administrations.

(53m 15s):
Okay? But those gains were not enough to make up for the losses of the pandemic in March and April. So what was lost, 1 78, a hundred thousand was lost during the pandemic. And she is wrong when she says, 'cause Kamala Harris, you know, says no, before the pandemic. Before the pandemic, Donald Trump lost those jobs. That's a lie. Stephanie rule. I'll give her, I'll give her some slack and not having her fact check ready, because maybe she shouldn't, didn't know. But she was ready to say, you know, that those unemployment numbers were caused by, by Covid.

(53m 56s):
And so if it had been me, if I get the chance to interview Kamala Harris, you can bet I'm gonna run down what she says in response to all these issues. And if there's any lies that she said on record, I, it's my job to fact check her. In any event, she lied and got away with it. There we go. And by the way, the truth about Trump is that prior to that point, prior to the pandemic, he presided over a gain, a gain in manufacturing jobs of 414,414,000. This is a plus for Trump, not a minus as they portrayed on M-S-N-B-C. Okay? She goes on to rip on his tax plan, he cut, there were tax cuts for billionaires and top corporations, excuse me, and didn't pay much attention to middle class families right now, Stephanie Rule knows better.

(54m 41s):
She knows better. She was a business reporter. This is the truth. All income brackets benefited substantially from Trump's tax reforms. However, those who benefited the most were the working and middle class. There was a long article in the hill that laid out how, according to IRS data If, you look at people's adjusted Gross Inc. Gross income under Trump, those who made between 15,000 and 50,000 enjoyed an average tax cut of between 16 and 26%. Those who made between 50 and a hundred thousand had a tax cut of 15 to 17% under Trump. Those who made between a hundred and 500,000 had a tax cut of 11 to 13%.

(55m 24s):
You can see the numbers are going down, the arrow is going down, they're still all getting tax cuts, but they're not as generous. The more you make those who made over a million, less than 6% tax cut right now, that's fine. I mean, they had more to begin with, I'm sure it wasn't quite as painful. It's not quite as painful for them when they have any sort of a, you know, tax adjustment. But they had a tax cut indeed that was by some estimates, 20% less than the tax cut given to the working class. So these are lies. And they were not brought up. There was no challenge whatsoever. Okay? Then rule asks her, alright, let's talk about taxes.

(56m 6s):
Those tax cuts, they expire next year. And there are many people confused saying, I don't know what's gonna happen. Are your taxes gonna go up? You know, my taxes gonna go up. She says, and under Harris administration, at what income level should someone expect their taxes to go up? And Harris says, anyone making less? First of all, anyone making less than 40 hun? 400,000 a year, your taxes will not go up. Okay? Joe Biden peed this lie too. And you know what happened? Taxes did go up for everyone in the form of groceries and gas prices. Everything you buy, as you well know, energy, your electric bill, the inflationary spending that these two did, like drunken sailors for the first few years of their presidency has caused your tax in every corner of your life.

(56m 54s):
So If, you believe you weren't taxed by the Biden Harris administration. If you're making under 400,000, which was a broken promise by Joe Biden, I got a bridge in Brooklyn, I'd like to sell you. Then she goes on to say, I'm gonna cut taxes actually for a hundred million Americans. She's talking about her $600,000 a year child tax credit for, for young couples with their first year of their child's life. JD Vance is proposing a 5,000. It's, the difference is not significant. And by the way, that is not something that's going to apply to the vast majority of Americans. Well, here again, here again. Right? So the, she's, she's being asked a question about income tax, what's gonna happen to you?

(57m 36s):
And here she lies about if you're under 400,000, your taxes will not go up. And then she says, I'm gonna give you the child tax credit, which is just a, it's like a present, right? I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a tax present. So then Stephanie Rule asks her a good question, how are you gonna pay for that? You can't just give people a tax credit like the child tax credit and just pull money off money tree. It's not how it works. So how are you going to pay for it? She says, expanding that child tax credit that you mentioned, you mentioned housing before. The 25 grand for the first time home buyers giving that extra money for a first home. Same thing, If, you can't raise corporate taxes or, or if the GOP takes control of the Senate, then she basically means if the GOP takes control of the Senate and if the GOP maintains control of the house, either one of those things, we'll screw your plan.

(58m 27s):
Because they're not gonna help her offer these policies without a appropriate spending cuts. That's not, that's not what the, what's gonna happen. And Stephanie rules pointing it out. Where do you get the money to do that? Alright, that's the question. Where do you get the money to do that? We have this exchange. I I, I have to revise my answer. Maybe this is the worst. I don't know. There's three top contenders for worst bad. You watch it and you tell me, watch the light bulb go on after over Kamala Harris's head when she realizes she has no damn plan for if there's divided government and she can't shove through her agenda, watch, Expanding that child tax credit.

(59m 12s):
Or you mentioned housing before, giving that extra money for a first home If, you can't raise corporate taxes. Or if GOP takes control of the Senate, where do you get the money to do that? Do you still go forward with those plans and borrow Well, but we're gonna have to raise corporate taxes and we're gonna have to raise, we're gonna have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That's just it. It's about paying their fair share. She's an idiot. She's an idiot. She has no idea what she's talking about. I don't know if she understood the question. The question is what If?

(59m 54s):
you cannot get this through in a divided government so that corporations pay more. And the answer is they just have to pay more. They have to. That's just it. That is just it. She sounds like one of those moronic talkers. You see, that's just it. She sounds like a 4-year-old. That's her level of understanding. Don't believe any of these promises. She can't do it. She doesn't have a plan to fund it. And to the extent that that was exposed in the M-S-N-B-C interview, good on Stephanie rule. Then they go on. Stephanie chimes in, bill Gates just said this week, if he was in charge of taxes, he would've paid more.

(1h 0m 37s):
Okay, great. But how do you find that line to make sure corporations are paying their fair share and they're not leaving our country. 'cause If, you tax them through the eyeballs, they'll leave plenty of places where you can make widgets. Doesn't have to be in the United States. And then we get a lecture on, I work with a lot of CEOs. I've spent a lot of time with CEOs. Sure. Jan, I'm gonna tell you that business leaders who are actually part of the engine of America's economy agree that people should pay their fair share. Oh my, I can't. I can't with the filler. I can't. So much filler. They also agree that we should look at a plan.

(1h 1m 19s):
When we look at a plan such as mine, about investing in the middle class, investing in new industries, bringing down costs. What is she saying? This is empty. Empty calories investing in entrepreneurs like small businesses, that the overall economy is stronger and everyone benefits. She said nothing. Part of my plan for the economy is investing in new industries in a way that we have active partnership with the private sector. I have worked with the private sector my entire career. Okay. She's been in government her entire career. I can't, like all the rest goes on, like I, I'm not gonna make you go through it the way I had to last night. And then she ends with, so you can take a nice vacation from time to time.

(1h 1m 60s):
She said, nah. Thing about how you avoid taxing the corporations through the eyeballs to the point where they run where is a real thing. Just ask New York City where this exact thing is underway. Ask California where this exact thing has been underway. Okay. Then we move on to my favorite. This is my favorite. Alright. This is truly my favorite part. This is part, I was listening on SiriusXM last night and I was like, what? What As Sarah, my hairstylist would say. What? I didn't get it. Okay. Stephanie rule, one of the main problems it, it come with, 'cause they were talking about buying a home.

(1h 2m 42s):
Right. And rules saying for people who wanna buy a home. Yeah. It'd be great to get that $25,000 kicker only first time home buyers. But it's not just affording a home. We don't have enough homes in this country. Absolutely Right. Is Kamala rule and one of the main problems are regulations and rules. Strict, strict rules at a local level. How do the feds cut through all that red tape and help the locals solve housing problems? That's actually a good question. How do they watch this? How does the federal government cut through all that red tape and get down to, I know the suburbs of Pittsburgh and say we're gonna have to build some affordable housing here.

(1h 3m 25s):
Part of my goal and the plan would be to create 3 million new housing units for rent and, and for ownership. By the end of my first term, it includes also what we must do to cut red tape. You're absolutely right. I know that we have to reduce the red tape and speed up. What we need to do around building some of the work is gonna be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people.

(1h 4m 11s):
Okay, so how are we gonna cut through the red tape? It takes far too long. There's too much bureaucracy. I know. We have to reduce the red tape and speed up what we need to do around building. And that is going to require working from the federal level with the state and local government. How, how was the question? That's where she should have jumped in. Stephanie, how was the question? Stop redefining the problem. I just laid out the problem. Now you are the one. So who's supposed to be running with solutions? What are they? The question madam was how, and it's going to be different in different places depending on the needs of that community, the needs of that local government, the needs of that municipality, but working in consultation and coordination and also around incentives that we can create.

(1h 5m 4s):
What the fuck did you just say? I'm sorry, I can't, what is that? That's not a how. There's too much bureaucracy. We have to reduce the red tape. I know I said that. Speed up what we need to do around building. I know that was built into my question and it's going to require working from the federal level with the state and local governments. I know how how it'll be different in different places depending on the needs of the community, of the local government, of the local municipality working in consultation and coordination and also around incentives that we can create. What and then just what do you think She keeps talking. You are like, maybe, maybe she saved the best for last. Maybe she's got another tool in her arsenal.

(1h 5m 46s):
Maybe she's got another trick up her sleeve, for example. Great. An example. I'll take it. Some of the work is going to be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments. Okay, I'm waiting for it. Great. I we're a lots of filler, but what around transit dollars. What, what, what? The transit dollars. That's how she's gonna get rid of the red tape. Stopping home building transit dollars and looking holistically. Drink at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically.

(1h 6m 29s):
Drink at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in a holistic drink manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people. I'm down. I'm out. I'm out. I've heard enough. I can't, I object on every level I have inside of me to object. If. you vote for that as president, then you deserve what you're gonna get. I do not deserve it. The people who are gonna vote for Trump do not deserve it. It's a calamity how dumb this person is.

(1h 7m 13s):
And that she's been placed in this position by her party by fiat without anybody. There are smart people in the Democrat party. She's just not one of them. They weren't allowed to run either when he was seeking to be renominated or once he got coed right out of office. They elevated her for all the same DEI nonsense principles. They put her in the vice presidency, not to mention the ag position, probably the senate position and certainly the DA position that led to this path in the first place. She's not a smart person and that is on display every time she sits down for an interview.

(1h 7m 51s):
I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport. Comedy Talk podcast and More subscribe Now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.

(1h 8m 52s):
Introducing Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.

(1h 9m 8s):
Got a hunch about this football season. Put it in play with FanDuel's. Easy to use Zap right now. New customers can bet $5 or get 200 in bonus bets. Nothing Can stop this team. Nothing. Sounds like someone's got an optimistic hunch. 21 plus in President in Virginia must be first online Real Money wager. $5 positive required bonus issued is non notable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(1h 9m 42s):
Kamala Harris won't speak to the media. She gives these, you know, very friendly sit downs to people who she knows are avid Kamala Harris fans. That joke of an interview on CNN and then the Oprah thing. She now most recently sat down with Wired. And what Wired did was ask her a bunch of questions that had become memes on the internet. Like, tell us about your laugh. Tell us about what makes you joyful. It was, I mean, it's just so frustrating. Hard hitting Stuff. Yeah. And then you get this, okay, Peter Alexander, the White House correspondent for NBC News goes to the White House and maybe he could ask some tough questions of Kamala Harris.

(1h 10m 27s):
Maybe he could ask some tough questions of Joe Biden who had yet another senior moment to put it charitably this weekend. No, what does he do? He sits down. He, he get, he gets a tour of a replica of the White House from Dr. Jill Biden. And they let this guy do this as though he is breaking real news. What? Just watch what substitutes now for real journalism in America. So nine, Joining us for this special tour. Hi, How are you? Dr. Biden? Welcome to the White House. Yes. Someone who knows the place. Well the First Lady, the Public tours.

(1h 11m 7s):
Take it. This, these two floors you live on That one. Does that look pretty? Is that right on? Oh, Perfect. Yeah, yeah. Really? I see the bed's made. So the bed's always made. It's perfect up there. Why don't you try to sit in the present? I mean, If, you, here we go. If the first lady asked, I think I sort of have an obligation to, we'll get a picture of you oblige here. So It's a fake olo. I, I'm sorry. Like if they had given this to some puff, but this is the White House correspondent, but they, the fails on the journalists are too many to count at this point. And I really do feel, yeah, it's a thumb on the scale. Well, it's more than a thumb on the scale. It's a bit of a philosophy, Meghan.

(1h 11m 47s):
And it's, this is one of the core themes in my book. And you're talking about that as lies as artifice. I named the book Truths for a Reason. One of the things that I actually exposed towards the start of this book hits this head on, which is that even If, you take the CEO of NPR for example, one of the things that she has publicly said is that in some cases our obsession with the truth may stop us from pursuing more important objectives like bringing people together. Now, you and I may get irritated about that, but before we're angry about it, let's just analyze what's at its core. It is a skepticism of the importance of pursuing truth itself. It is a goal, but on a list of goals and priorities where that may not at times be the top priority, that's a worldview.

(1h 12m 31s):
So when I'm watching that video, that's exactly what I'm seeing, which is that their goal to, to sort of try their clothing on is to bring people together. That's what they will say. And sometimes an obsessive fixation on the truth. So that N-P-R-C-E-O had to say, distracts us from doing what may be more important. That's a debate. It's a debate worth having. We can be angry about it. But my own view, and I I suspect you share it, is that actually the path to bringing people together runs through truth. The pursuit of truth runs through free speech and open debate runs through the path of getting to the bottom of what's actually going on, rather than giving people the sense that they're being lied to, that actually divides people and pushes them apart even though the truth is at times uncomfortable.

(1h 13m 13s):
So, you know, in any case, one of the things I try to do in writing this book is I want to expose those best arguments for the other side. 'cause we can complain about the media all we want. Are they biased? Are they putting their thumb on the scale? Yes they are. But there's a root philosophy on the other side that we're up against. And it is one that is skeptical of, if not the existence of objective truth, which some are. It's skeptical of the importance of pursuing it when that comes into conflict with other goals that they deem to be more important. In the case of N-P-R-C-E-O-I at least give her credit for airing that and being open about that fact. Whereas others actually are skeptical of the importance of pursuing truth. But try to pretend like they still are.

(1h 13m 54s):
It's a deeper ideological, philosophical debate about what is the role of the news media. Is it seek and provide access to truth or is it something else? And if it is something else, okay, that's a view. Let's talk about it in the open. That's one of the things that I aim to do in this book. And it's part of the reason why, especially after having run for president last year and seen the media front row from a different seat, I really felt compelled to do, which is why we put this out Here. Is Peter Alexander doing his job behind the scenes after, what was it? It was at the DNC. What or was? Yeah, it was after the DNC. So the chief, the White House correspondent for NBC News finds himself with exclusive access to Kamala Harris newly anointed as the Democratic nominee.

(1h 14m 40s):
And does he, at least in that setting, shout a tough question at her. Here's what happened. You feel tonight? I feel good now onto tomorrow. Good to see you last night. Yeah. Congratulations. NBC Governor Walls, Mrs. Walls. Congratulations. Thank you. So good. It's so good. I mean, listen, we've got 75 days ago, so maybe for better and for worse. That's the way I am. Like, that was good. Now we gotta move on. Know what to do. Enjoy one night. Nice to you guys. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. It's like they work for the campaign. It's like they work. I mean that, that's your chance. Just ask one tough question. Just ask one tough follow up. Vivek, there's something in the news today showing that she was asked about whether she still holds her earlier espoused position on amnesty for, so-called dreamers and she refused to answer.

(1h 15m 30s):
She refused to answer Axios. They just wouldn't take a position. She was asked, her campaign was asked. 'cause she, she doesn't get asked anything whether she still stands by, she wants the taxpayers to fund sex change operations for illegals and also prisoners. And their position was, that's not something she has said in this campaign with no acknowledgement of her latest position as espoused by her is that she's in favor. She's never said she reversed it. Right. So, right. This is the, the disrespect of the American voter that we just don't get to know. They just, they just don't, they don't, they have no entitlement to understand her positions. It's just, so there's two things going on.

(1h 16m 11s):
One is that they believe her positions don't matter in some, in some deeper ironic sense. Megan, that kind of is true. Actually. I don't really see her as an ideologue anyway. I see her as a cog in a system. She's another puppet. Like Biden was a puppet, frankly, like most politicians and even historical presidents have often been puppets. She's another puppet that's gonna be wielded by the special interests that have put her up. So in a certain sense, there's like a deep ironic truth to the whole thing that her positions don't actually matter, but put the cynical view to one side. The other thing is the, the disparate treatment of a lot of her statements versus things that Donald Trump or JD Vance or whoever have said. Right? So you hear about the conflicts in, you know, the media's uproar over claims of what's happening with Haitians in Springfield.

(1h 16m 54s):
You get a cats and dogs controversy or whatever. What about Kamala Harris making completely unfounded claims, even in this campaign that women are bleeding in parking lots. Just, can you provide one instance of that actually happening? That's a pretty severe thing to say is happening in the streets of America, in front of healthcare clinics that women are left to bleed in the parking lots. Exactly. Stuff that she has said. Pretty graphic, pretty specific. Not a shred of evidence to suggest that type of thing is happening. So on one hand, if somebody makes an off the cuff comment about what's going on with Haitians in Springfield, that's gonna be the entire news cycle for an entire week. Supposedly fact checking that with an I without an iota of even fact checking the things she has said, even during this campaign, many of which are factually just downright false.

(1h 17m 41s):
There isn't a shred of evidence to support it. And so I, I think the thing that's going on with Kam letters, few things. One is that she ran to the left of Bernie Sanders in the 2020 election. I don't know if those are her actual beliefs, Meghan, I don't think she has a particular ideology. I think it almost is giving her too much credit to call her ideological. I think the deeper issue in American politics is that the people we elect to run the government, they're not really even the ones running the government. So in some sense, biden's cognitive deficits in the same way. They weren't a bug, they were a feature to the people who managed him. The same thing goes for kamala's policy deficits, right? Her policy deficits aren't really a bug.

(1h 18m 21s):
They're a feature for the people who control her and are likely to continue to control her if she becomes the president. And you know, this is a theme near and dear to my heart. It's not particularly a partisan point, but I do think that that's a deeper failure in American politics. It's again, a, a core, core element of what I discuss in this book is how do we restore self-governance in our country. It's not going to be just the fact that we're up against a candidate here. We're up against an entire machine. And part of the reason I'm putting this book out is I wanna talk about how do we actually dismantle that machine rather than just focusing on a candidate one at a time. Which is a mistake that I think that's very smart. I think we sometimes fall into very Smart. I will say, before I get into the heart of the book, the truth about Joe Biden being a hot a cog in the wheel appears to be evident every day because it does not appear he's actively the president.

(1h 19m 9s):
It really doesn't. Every window you get into his schedule, and in fact if the rare occasions you, you get to see him now, like at a cabinet meeting for the first time in a couple of years that he let his wife run. Not the vice president, his wife. He let the first lady run. Yeah. Now we see him over the weekend on Saturday there's a press conference. We've got this group called the Quad. We're having a quad summit. This is the group that's supposed to take on the world challenges like the rise of the Chinese. It's Japan, Australia, India, and the United States. Yeah. And he gets up there and he's supposed to be introducing Prime Minister Modi of India. Obviously forgets. And here's what happened.

(1h 19m 50s):
So I wanna thank you all for being here. And now who am I introducing next? Who's next? Distinguished guests, the Prime Minister of the Republic of India. So cringey, you can see all the heads looking around there. The, the people in the audience are uncomfortable. I'm sure Prime Minister Mo was uncomfortable. I mean, Vivic, who is the sitting president do we know? Well, look, I think the idea that Joe Biden is the functioning US president has been a joke for a long time. That's not specific to this year. That's been true for the entirety of last year and the entirety of the last three years as well.

(1h 20m 33s):
It's just that it became socially acceptable to say so in public. Once that first debate happened and the media decided this was now inside the Overton window to talk about, I think that, you know, this is a, it looks more like a case of elder abuse. Now, who's committing the elder abuse? We, we could, we could debate it. You brought up the case of Jill Biden looking like she's heading that cabinet meeting. One thing I will say in Jill Biden's defense is that, you know, in Dr. Jill Biden's case, she's gotten approximately as many votes, exactly as many votes for us president as Kamala Harris has. Which is to say zero. No. So I think that the idea the Democratic party values Is she actually might be the most competent a among, among the three, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and Jill.

(1h 21m 13s):
I, I might actually go for Joe Biden. The reality is the Democratic party of the President really doesn't care about the Democratic will of voters only do they not care about it? I think they're somewhat hostile to it. I think the reality is they believe that voters may represent the greatest risk to a democracy. That they may not make the right choice, which is why they're, you know, against the save act right now. But you could go straight down the list of policies or the way they've even conducted their own primary process. The way in which they're making sure the US president, who ultimately even is elected, is constrained enough to make sure that he doesn't actually do something that might represent the Democratic will of the voters because it's this managerial machine that's actually running the show.

(1h 22m 0s):
Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.

(1h 22m 22s):
A small businesses Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or what is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.

(1h 22m 54s):
Got a hunch about this football season. Put it in play with FanDuel's. Easy to use Zap. Right now new customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets. Nothing can stop this team. Nothing. Sounds like someone's got an optimistic hunch. 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.