
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We begin today with a stunning announcement via X post yesterday that President Joe Biden will be dropping out of the presidential race buying for a second term. But the very real question this morning is, where the hell is the president? Where is he? Why haven't we seen him? At 1:46 PM Eastern on Sunday afternoon, Joe Biden unceremoniously ended his reelection bid with a one page written statement posted by whoever writes his ex account typewritten.


I should clarify as of this moment, we still have not seen or heard from the president publicly. The news was kept so close to the vest that even top advisors and members of his cabinet say they found out via social media. Stunned White House staffers reported to have broken down in tears at the news. After all, they had been defiantly telling us all for weeks that President Biden was not dropping outta the race, which many of us did not believe. According to an in-depth piece published by Politico and another from the New York Times. Here's how at least they're saying it all went down. I'm coming to this with a healthy dose of skepticism. I think you should too. Pieces of this feel like a manipulation.


Here's what they are saying, and this is obviously from White House sources to political in the Times on Saturday, Mr. Biden summoned to close advisors, Steve Ti and Mike Donlan to his Delaware Beach home where they socially distanced from the president, supposedly because of his covid to help craft his Exodus strategy. These are his closest aids. Remember the White House told us on Wednesday, Mr. Biden is suffering with Covid. Okay, that same night video showed Mr. Biden appearing to need physical assistance to even get into his waiting motorcade. Can you see this? Try to look. We spotlighted it, but it's alarming. This does not look like covid.


This looks like somebody I don't know. He can barely get into a car. Look at this. Extremely fragile, slow, rigid. It's hard to see in the dark, but you can see a bit. He is not in good shape. And since then we haven't seen him. It looks like his security detail actually has to move his legs for him into the SUV. The president was whisked off to Delaware to isolate, has not been seen since then. Comes the paper statement. I'm out the New York Times, says Donolan helped craft the statement. The other guy Ricketti focused on next steps like when to inform staffers, most of whom were kept in the dark. So they say, in fact, as of late Sunday morning, few knew about it.


The first to hear the truth outside of that small circle were the vice president, the White House chief of staff and the Biden campaign manager who we played for you over the weekend saying he's in it for the long haul. And then we played you the DeSantis and the Haley soundbite saying We're in it for the long haul. Right before they dropped out. Each of those members I just mentioned reportedly received calls directly from the president. That's what they say. Then just one minute before the news broke, president Biden reportedly told other advisors, including Anita Dunn, who manages comms for him. Next came the post on X in the letter. That leaves many questions. First, the thing does not include the official White House seal.


It's not on White House stationary. It simply says Joseph r Barden r Biden, Jr. At the top. Why is that? Don't know. The letter reads quote, I believe it is in the best interest of my party and the country for me to stand down and to focus solely on fulfilling my duties as president for the remainder of my term. There's no explanation for his decision and there's no endorsement of his vice president. Curiously, many are questioning if the signature at the bottom of this letter even belongs to the president. Did he actually sign this letter under His name is an underline, which he apparently never does And.


it appears that the name Biden has an S at the end, the Bidens. It looks like Joseph r Bidens. It's unlike anything we've ever seen from Joe Biden. On the screen here, you can see a sample of prior signatures from the president. There's no underlying, and he doesn't use an S at the end. Now, I will tell you the way he signs his name, maybe we get that name back up, you guys where it's just his signature with a J. If you're gonna sign something on behalf of your husband, for example, you do a line, you do this in the law, you do a line and you say, like for Joe Biden.


That's how you would sign it. Like if I were gonna sign it for him, for Joe Biden, I'd do a line to show it wasn't actually Joe Biden and maybe the S is meant to connote. It's from both of them. You know, Joe and Jill, I've got a lot of questions about this myself. Why is there an s? I did go back personally to look at his other signatures just to see if that's just the way his N looks. And there looks like there's an S at the end of it that no, that's not the case. I don't know what the S is doing there. I do think we deserve answers. I'm not going full conspiracy theory on you. I just, why is that? Why haven't we seen him? Why isn't it on White House stationary? Why does it have an S at the end? And why is there an underlying when there never is? What's what's happening?


Is he okay? There are some concerning statements coming up from his brother about how on a selfish basis, he's looking forward to spending whatever time the president has left with him. What does that mean? He still are sitting president. He didn't resign the presidency. He's just not running for a second term. Getting back to the messaging, political also reporting that the lack of endorsement for his vice president triggered a flurry of panic text messages and calls. So 27 minutes after the initial message, that statement we just went over, Joe Biden's ex account again, posted another tweet clarifying that he was backing Ms. Harris, offering her his quote, full support and endorsement to be the nominee.


A short time ago, she made her first public appearance at the White House. Our president, Joe Biden, wanted to be here today. He's feeling much better and recovering fast and he looks forward to getting back on the road. And I wanted to say a few words about our president, Joe Biden's legacy of accomplishment over the past three years is unmatched in modern history. In one term, he has already, yes, you may laugh in one term, he has already surpassed the legacy of most presidents who have served two terms in office.


And I first came to know President Biden through his son Bo. We worked together as attorneys general in our states. And back then Bo would often tell me stories about his dad. He would talk about the kind of father and the kind of man. Alright, you get the gist. It goes off on a personal anecdote, Joe Biden. But there she is saying things about, about the president. He's my hero. He's a hero. And that's what we're hearing all over the media today. So many questions still unanswered. In fact, one of my next guests just wrote that this is the era of the Pinot or Pinot the President in name only. That's how it's starting to feel. Joining me now are friends from National Review. Charles CW Cook is a senior writer and host of the Charles CW Cook podcast.


And Jim Garrity is a senior political correspondent and author of the new book, dueling Six Demons, a great thriller just in time for summer.


Do You Owe Back Taxes? Pandemic Relief is now over along with hiring thousands of new agents and field officers. The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with 'em on your own tax network. USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes. Think of it for their clients and they can help you secure the best deal possible for you. Whether you owe 10,000 bucks or 10 million, they can help you. Whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help. Finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call 1 802 4 5 6,000 for a private free consultation or visit tn usa.com/megan.


Charlie, Jim, welcome back to the show. Jim, I'll start with you. 'cause you wrote that, I guess I think it should be Pino, right? Rhymes with Rhino, Republican and name only. Pino. I I guess, yeah. Where is he? Because everyone calls, look, this started out as, wow, this is really weird. By the time we got up this morning and there was no on-camera statement, there was no taped statement there, there was no radio address. It, it, it does not make any sense for both the president's doctor. 45 minutes before the announcement puts out a statement saying, the president's recovering great blood, oxygen level is what he is, is what it should be. All his vitals look fine. He's doing fine also.


You can't see him, you're not allowed to see him at all. And then Kamala Harris comes out and says, oh, he's recovering terrific, but you don't see him. We didn't even get a picture of him signing this document. So it really feels like this morning, the range of outcomes are he's got covid and his voice is just wrecked and, and you just, you know, you, his voice was already kind of weak and he, he often would get this kind of spy whisper. So maybe it's really just that that's the best case scenario. The worst case scenario, Megan, by the way, Charlie, good to see you. This sense of like, is he, is he conscious right now? Is is he, you know, bedridden is, does he look so sick? And the other thing in the back of my mind is like, oh, first of all, I wanna point out, so I was at the Republican convention last week.


Rational people, people who are not conspiracy theorists, people who are not prone to hyperbole. When the report came out, oh, the president's got covid in the mainstream media. We're, we're not, oh, okay, he's got covid. They, they were like, Hmm, you think that's Covid? Do you think that's something else? Do you think they're using this as an excuse? So they, they, that speculation was going around not just in us crazy right? Winger circles, but, but elsewhere. And then just second, like, you know, if he's, well, why can't we see him? Why can't we hear? Why can't we get a picture of him? And then you mentioned the comment from Frank Biden. I I kind of wanna say, you know, we've always thought Biden was too old to serve a second term.


Signs have been obvious. But I think really like this is now getting to a kind of a, a really chilling and unnerving tone to all of this. That, that we, we really should be seeing the president by now, This is getting even more scandalous Charles, because he is the sitting president. This would be bad enough if he had announced he was stepping down from his second term bid and the presidency, and we weren't seeing him. People would have questions, where is he? Why isn't there at least a still shot? All of that is traditional, not for a announcement like this, but when the president's issuing a, a large paper statement or something, they'll, they'll often show him a signing a legislation.


They'll just show you at least video of him. But he's the sitting commander in chief, right? He still does have the nuclear football. So where is he and how long could they possibly keep him out of public sight? I find this very weird too. You know me, Meghan, I'm an anti conspiracy theorist. I'm a skeptic. I think, I think the three of us might be the last three saying, president Trump lost the 2020 election. We, we are very slow to jump on. Yes. Yeah. You know, popular beliefs just because they're popular. So yes, it, for us three would be saying, this is weird. Tells people something, Right? It's weird. And President Trump did, it's the 2020 election as she's saying.


And you throw up a conspiracy theory and I will knock it down. But this is odd. Now, again, I'm not saying it's a conspiracy, as Jim says, it could just be that he really is sick and seems feeble and doesn't want to be seen. But the thing that is particularly bizarre about this from my perspective, is that there hasn't been anything, there hasn't been a photograph that wouldn't be affected by his voice. There hadn't even been a TikTok in not the app run by the Chinese Communist Party. I mean, a moment by moment account in the newspaper of how this went down. This note was released on Twitter without his staff knowing they were surprised by it.


So all of the usual coverage that we would expect to see has been missing And. It does make you wonder, I mean, look, it is not new for the White House or the press to cover up presidents who are in dire straits. This happened with Woodrow Wilson in the last year of his second term. It happened with Franklin Roosevelt. There's better reason for that one, I think. 'cause we were engaged in a world war. But nevertheless, his health was covered up many of Kennedy's health problems. And indeed his dalliances with women who were not his wife, were covered up by the press in Britain.


Winston Churchill had a stroke and was essentially incapacitated for six months. And the press hit that. So it, it's not beyond the reasonable thoughts of reasonable people to wonder whether the White House and the press might for 24 hours be trying to hide Biden's condition. And I've had the same thoughts as Jim. I mean, perhaps it's that he has really bad covid, but perhaps he's had a stroke. I mean, perhaps he's on a ventilator. It would be good to know because this is about more than just the election. Now. The Democrats have only cared about this because of the election.


The reason that he was kicked out. It's not a wonderful selfless man. He was kicked out. Nancy, Pelosi made it clear what would happen to him. The reason he was kicked out was 'cause he was losing and losing badly. The Midwest was gone and he was losing in states such as New Hampshire and New Mexico and Virginia, which you just don't want to do to Donald Trump of all people. But he's still the president. And because he's still the president, not only does it matter as you outlined, but actually as voters, as citizens, we do have a right to know this. We don't have a right to know the internal machinations of the Democratic Party. It's a semi-private institution. We do have a right to know whether the president is able to be photographed or filmed saying he's dropping out.


That's absolutely right. Jim points out in a great piece on National Review online today as well and our national review.com politicals reporting. The White House chief of staff, rather than Biden himself informed the cabinet of the decision. So, I mean, he can't make phone calls. That's not what, like, is he dying of covid? What's I thought Paxlovid Yeah. Would solve this. So Before I go any further, I wanna point out that as important as what you do, Meghan, and what Charlie does, what nothing, nothing we do is as important as the presidency. But if for some reason we couldn't continue doing our jobs, we would want to tell our readers and our listeners, Hey, here's what's going on and I'm sorry, I'd like to be able to continue.


It's that, that letter had one paragraph that just said, I'm, I'm, it's best for me to focus on my duties as president right now. No explanation of this is a health issue. No explanation of my advisors have come to me and said, there's no path to victory in the general election. No path that like, it's time for me to pass the like, like it just is, it's just there, it's just two sentences in it. And I will tell you more later, and we're coming up probably by the end of this program, we'll hit 24 hours where not only have we not, you know, seen the president, there's just no nothing further. And I'm just saying, if you're president, wouldn't you want to tell the people? Wouldn't you want to say, my fellow Americans, it has been my greatest honor to be your president, but that time is coming to an end and here's why Lyndon Johnson did it from the Oval Office like this.


This is, you know, completely weird just 'cause it just, you know, and the other thing I've, I've, one or two people said to me, Jim, it's the most bitter pill he's ever had to swallow. And he's, he's so upset and he's so frustrated, he just can't look at anybody. And that's why he is not doing it. Well, you're the president, like you kind, Jim froze, but we'll try to unfreeze him. We have magical defrosting abilities, which we will spray on Jim, and we will bring him back while we talk to Charlie. But wait, let me just point this out, Charlie, this is also from Jim's peace this morning. He's citing the news about Frank Biden, the president's younger brother. In that statement that I just read that I just paraphrased, the actual statement is, I'm incredibly proud of my brother.


He said this to CBS news. Selfishly, I will have him back to enjoy whatever time we have left.


He's a Genucel hero again, this is the younger brother,


whatever time we have left. And Jim goes on to write as follows, the president's brother was just, was then asked whether he felt the president's overall health and vitality played a role in the decision. And he answered, in my humble opinion, absolutely. So his health, of course did play a role. Oh look, my, my defrosting abilities work on Jim the same way they work when I make the dinner in the microwave. Go ahead, Jim. Garrity, Megan, Charlie, I'm sorry, I just froze. Like Biden at a white house of rent. I just kinda suddenly couldn't move. I, I, I guess in light of that, I really shouldn't joke about his, his health condition. But yeah, no, just kind of to wrap up my point that like, the fact that Biden isn't out there to tell us when you kind of figure he'd want to is another sign that something is very wrong and, and we're not getting told the whole story.


Okay, so here's where I wanted to go with it. Charlie, you, you guys are old enough, at least Jim is, and I think you're old enough for this reference, Charlie, I've been mentioning it the past couple of days. I finally pulled a clip. It was a movie called Dave, and it starred Kevin Klein and Sigourney Weaver. And the plot of Dave is that the president has a stroke and is incapacitated. And rather than being honest about that and transferring power to the vice president, his staff hires a lookalike who also played by Kevin Klein is a dead ringer for the actual president and convinces him it's in the best interest of the country for him to step in and pretend to be the president.


Not even the first lady is let in on the secret. And I really have to wonder whether something not too far from this scene is happening right now. Watch, The reason we invited you here tonight is because something has happened to the president. It's actually kinda serious, Dave. I'm afraid the president's not in very good shape. We'll be all right. Oh yeah, probably. We think so. Yes. Oh, Dave, sometimes we need our friends and even our enemies to feel safe and secure.


We need them to feel like, like they can go to bed at night knowing that President Mitchell is fully in control. What about the vice president? Vice president? We didn't want to have to tell you this Dave, but the vice president is mentally unbalanced. Dave, the country is sick And you're gonna get it to the hospital. I mean, hello. That, that literally could have happened on Sunday morning as far as we know, not with the lookalike but the rope of dope, right?


Where they're, they're doing what they think is in the best interest for the country. Charlie, he's got to step aside, but we really have no idea whether he's fully functioning physically or mentally behind closed doors. Yeah, I hope that's not happening. I have seen that movie And. it ends with the contriving, the most insanely left wing set of policies that you've ever heard of. I mean policies that Birdie Sanders would say, wow, that's a bit far. So let's hope that we're not headed towards that conclusion. I think he gets Charles Groden to come in and, and he does The books. That's his buddy who's his accountant.


And he comes in and does the warehouse books Budget. And they, they realize, because of course, of course the budget couldn't be balanced Oh, for years by Congress or other presidents. But his accountant buddy comes in and just works it out. It's just classic Hollywood. But no, no, I mean, look, the other reason that it is in important for this to be resolved by the White House is that there will be a lot of people out there who are irresponsible, who will start making hay of this and spreading conspiracy theories. Not saying, Hey, this looks a bit weird. This should be addressed, but spreading actual conspiracy theories.


And we live in a real and hostile world in which there are people who wish the United States harm and wish our allies harm. And you can't have this for too long. Not knowing where the president of the United States is. And I really don't say that to be Mork. I, the system under which we live vests power in one person. It does not say as many tried before Biden dropped out, that you elect as a citizen, a team. A team does not stand in front of the chief justice and take the oath of office. A team does not sign legislation. A team is not commander in chief.


You know, we hear so much about the importance of democracy as we should. Well this is a fundamentally small deed democratic question is the person who was elected, that was Joe Biden, to execute the powers vested in the office able to do it. And again, as somebody who is really a, a skeptic of pretty much every conspiracy theory I'm with Jim, I think the events of the last 24 hours have been extremely weird. And, it would be a real public service even to put out a 22nd video on Twitter with eight jump cuts. If, you need to, that just says, hi, look, I'm Joe Biden and I've decided not to run and I'm sick with Covid and I'll be back at my job tomorrow.


But they haven't done it. Instead they've cleared his schedule. There's nothing on his schedule. It says tomorrow nothing. And then it says to be continued, the only person we've heard from is Kamala Harris. The Democratic party is, is speaking on, on his behalf. And then Harris said something weird too. She said, well the president wishes he could be here. That's again, that's just sounds so off. So yeah, this is a problem. The official explanation, at least in Politico, which clearly, you know, they say they had conversations with 22 people granted Anonym anonymity to discuss sensitive matters is that these two top aides, as I said in the intro, Donald and the other guy went to see Biden.


And that they presented damning new information in a meeting that would hasten the end of Biden's political career. These were updates on fundraising. We know that it had almost stopped, but at least they right slowed considerably. And they carried the campaign's own polls, which came back this week and showed the path to victory in November was gone in particular battleground polling, which others around the president reportedly believed these two guys were withholding from Biden up until this weekend. I don't believe it, Jim, I'm not sure I, that just doesn't sound right. They, they were, yeah, Joe Biden didn't know what the battle of ground polls were up until Saturday when he, the two aids finally talked him into it.


You know, I know Pelosi was saying, we can do this the nice way or we can do this the rough way. And I, you know, this is kind of like a walk down the Hollywood walk of fame. But here's what I actually think happened. I think sh that he was threatened with something else. They know something else about Joe Biden Pelosi or somebody else. And it's probably related to health. And they were going to let him have it. I mentioned this yesterday on our special right after the news broke. But it took me back to this scene in The Godfather when Frank Pent Angelie was gonna turn on Michael Corleone and he was ready to testify at the Senate hearing, but then they dragged in his uncle from Italy and he knew it was gonna happen to his family if he actually did.


And he did a 180. Here's some of that Here and now under oath. Were you at any time a member of a crime organization headed by Michael Corleone? I don't know nothing about that. Oh, I Was in the olive oil business with his father, but that was a long time ago. Oh, that's all We have a sworn affidavit, we haven't, your sworn affidavit that you murdered on the orders of Michael Corleone. Do you deny this confession and do you realize what will happen as a result of your denial? Look, The FBI guys, they promised me a deal.


So I, so I made up a lot of stuff about Michael Corleone 'cause that's what they wanted. But, but it was all lies, everything. So they, they threatened him and the, the mob and he wound up giving them what they wanted, which was not to say the truth. And I really think Nancy Pelosi pulled a Don Corleone on Joe Biden. And the question I have today is, what did she have? What was it? What was the pain? And I don't believe it was polls or public statements about the polls, which we were all seeing anyway. Yeah, no, that's, that is the first point, Megan, that like, it's very hard to believe.


Oh, the fundraising dried up. The fundraising dried up right after the debate. And that was like three going on four weeks ago. That, that, that's, that, that's very hard to believe that, you know, oh, we just realized the fundraising was bad. The polling's been bad for three weeks. And it's, it's very hard to believe that their internals could be dramatically different from that. By the way, let us point out that not just Joe Biden, but a whole bunch of left of center con commentators insisted that since the debate there had not been any significant drop and oh, it's basically a tie. It's essentially tied, oh, look at this one poll. The 5 38 model still has Biden ahead. All this kinda stuff we can now determine. That was all nonsense. That was all spin, that was all trying to, to gaslight you and say to keep democratic morale up.


Democrats saw the same stage, say, saw the same debate everybody else did. And I think everybody knew at the end of that debate that the odds of Joe Biden getting a second term were, you know, infinitesimally small and that things were bad. The, the question, you know, and you asked the issue about health. Look, even during the basement campaign in 2020, people were saying, Hey, we're not seeing very much of Joe Biden, but at least they had the excuse of, Hey, he's in his late seventies, we don't want him out. Shaking a lot of hands where people are coughing and stuff like that. But around Afghanistan, the with disasters withdrawal, Joe Biden did not appear in public for five days, which was, again, a little weird when Biden did come out and make public appearances after the disasters withdrawal withdrawal, he would make a short statement probably about 10 minutes reading from a teleprompter turn and take no questions.


And that was another thing which was unusual. Then when he finally sat down for an interview with George Stephanopoulos, we probably all remember this now, that was four or five days ago, man, it was not a good interview that, you know, that Biden did not seem on top of it during a national crisis. And right around then, I wrote a piece that I got a lot of grief for. This is entitled, something Is Wrong with the President. Now, I didn't pretend to have any clairvoyance or or sense, but like the fact that he was not out in front of cameras answering questions disappearing for long stretches, something's wrong, you know, and he's, he's in his late seventies, eighties. The other thing I wanna observe outta this is that look, Biden had a bad debate and everybody kind of hoped and expected something better was gonna happen. He did the s Stephanopoulos interview, he did the Lester Holt interview, he did the BET interview where he could not remember the name of Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin.


Like that's really bad. And so both of these, the Second time he had forgotten the Before. Yeah, we're between 10. The most of these are taped between 10 and four, which are allegedly his good hours. Now, by the way, when I hear that, I'm sitting there thinking, God, what's he like when he's in the early morning or what's he like at evening? Like what, what happens when the White House situation room needs to have a meeting at nine in the evening? What's Biden like? And so my, this is if you're saying, you know, did, did Pelosi come and say Hey, we'll spill the beans on your real health condition. You know, maybe Biden has, I I Biden has been a part-time president in a lot of ways for a long time. Presumably Pelosi is in the inner loop to know how, you know, how little Biden can do the job as is.


Maybe that's what was gonna come out. I don't know. There was something, yeah, something changed dramatically that less plausible four hours. Yeah, that's right And. it wasn't the polls, well wasn't the big reveal of the polls, which they've been keeping a secret from the sitting President. Go ahead Charlie. Well I wanna disagree a little bit with this premise. I suppose I agree in part disagree in part the events are odd as we've all noted. And I agree that there probably wasn't some rabbit out the hat revelation here that led to Biden saying, oh, okay. But I think we should not underestimate Joe Biden's ability and willingness to believe the nonsense that he has fed by partisans and sycophants because it is that nonsense that is led to him being a terrible president.


One of the things that I personally find distasteful to enraging is this fluffing that we are now seeing across the political world of Biden's record. Most consequential, one term president of all time, wonderful patriotic man. I mean, first off he had to be forced to step down. This was not George Washington resigning his commission or declining to run for a third term. This was a man who pushed it until, and we dunno what his condition is now. He was essentially on the floor. This was not a proactive decision to protect democracy or whatever other fluff is being sold.


Second, he's not a good president. He's been a terrible president. He is one of the worst presidents that I can think of. And the public knows it, which is why his approval rating is where it is at the lowest ebb of any president in modern history. Now, the reason I mention this is that despite all of that, Joe Biden right from day one has allowed himself to be convinced of things that to most neutral observers are preposterous. Right at the beginning, having come in on a marginal victory, 30,000 votes go the other way in swing states and Trump's president again, the Democrats did much worse in the House than they expected.


And he had 50 50 Senate, which really should have been 51 49 Republican, but of course blew that election. He was convinced by a bunch of left-leaning historians that he was Franklin Roosevelt, that he was Lyndon Johnson. And then he tried to do it. He spent all year trying to spend $6 trillion. That was the aim. He ended up not being able to do that, although they did spend two or three, which led to inflation, which led to people hating him with a burning passion. If, you look at some of the readouts and in some cases leaks of the calls that he's had with governors and representatives and others within the Democratic firmament in recent days, not his public pronouncements.


What he has said to people in private, he seems honestly genuinely earnestly, fervently to believe that he is an indispensable man. That he put NATO back together, that no other president could have done any of the things that he has done. And I mentioned this just to say, although I agree with you, that there probably wasn't some slide deck that made him say, wow, okay, it's time to go the climb that those who were trying to persuade him will have had to make must have been considerable because he actually thinks it, he's not aware that he's a stopgap bridge mediocrity and always has been. He really thinks that he's a world historical figure and that has played into what's happened over the last month.


He, he and his wife both seem to think that And it is one of the questions still on the board. Which, which is did he make the decision? Yeah. Or did she make the decision? The really, the only reason I say about Jill is because that signature is weird. Mm. And you can do a slashy and then your, you know the person's name. No, it, that's wouldn't be unusual. I've seen it many times and I wonder if it was a sleigh of hand where I, I can't imagine she would resign him from his second term without his consent. That seems cra like crazy talk. But we've been lied to so much by this administration and this White House and in particular tho those two about his health.


Anything's possible. I don't trust them and, and I know, you know, obviously I'm not alone. Millions of people do not trust them. Republicans and Democrats alike have more than ample reason not to trust them. Okay, next up, I'm gonna take a quick break, but I wanna talk about, obviously it's gonna be Kamala, but I wanna talk about the odds of the Democrats sticking another knife in Joe Biden because it'll be easier for her to win if she's already the sitting president. Is the knifing done or is there more knifing to come? And then we'll talk about Charlie and his absolute love for Kala, how he feels about this elevation.


Standby. Be right back.


Do you ever think, how can I work this hard and still be in debt? The piles of overdue bills, the threatening phone calls, never having money to do anything. If, you are trapped in debt. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed aggressive new strategies to end your debt permanently. Done with Debt stands between you and your harassing bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate with your creditors to lower or even forgive what you owe. And they do it all without bankruptcy or new loans. One client said one phone call saved us a fortune. I wish we did this long ago. Done with Debt has unique strategies to get you out of debt faster and put more money in your pocket every month. But you do need to hurry because some debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. What do you have to lose? Accept your debt. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


A small regret is slouching in the dentist chair thinking I should have brushed and flossed earlier. They're gonna know. A big health regret is listening to your doctor and thinking I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Better health today and when it matters most is why I wanna talk to you about field of greens. Field of greens is unlike any fruit and vegetable or green product. Field of greens isn't watered down extracts its whole fruits and vegetables. Each fruit and vegetable was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. And field of greens is backed by a better health promise. At your next checkup, your doctor will notice your improved health. And if he or she doesn't, you get your money back. Don't look back and say, I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Field of greens is here now ready for you. And they can help you get better health today When it matters most, let's get you started with 15% off and free shipping. Visit field of greens.com and use promo code mk. That's promo code mk@fieldofgreens.com.


Remember Venn diagrams, those three circles, right? And then let's just see where they overlap. You will not be surprised 'cause I have constructed a Venn diagram on this. Remember those three circles, how they overlap? I love Venn diagrams, so I just do, whenever you're dealing with conflict, pull out a Venn diagram, right? And so, you know, the three circles, the television coverage of just yesterday, that's on top of everything else that we know and don't know yet. Based on what we've just been able to see. And because we've seen it or not, doesn't mean it hasn't happened, but just limited to what we have seen. Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. My guest today, Charles CW Cook and Jim Garrity and Charles CW Cook was on to Kamala Harris for, you know, early on.


This was a piece on National Review after she failed in her presidential bid. Remember she took on Joe Biden to actually get the presidency, nevermind the vice presidency. That came later. And he concluded this piece on December 3rd, 2019 as follows. Everything that is wrong with American politics is summed up in Kamala Harris. She's a weather vain, she's dishonest, she's a coward, she's condescending and she's a phony. She is the answer to no useful or virtuous question. She has nothing of value to offer America goodbye. Bad luck. That's all folks. So you're saying there's a chance she's gonna get your vote?


You know, that post I think is correct. Unfortunately, it came in the context of my saying good riddance from American politics because at the time she had flamed out spectacularly. Not only had she failed to make headway and would end up winning no primaries, but she was holding it 3% in California, which is her home state, 3%. And so she disappeared. And I thought, well that's good. We have now a great example of consequences for actions, but apparently not. She was resuscitated by Joe Biden and put in the VP spot.


And so I am now in the unenviable position of watching an election between my two favorite people in the world, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. I, I think this is my fault, Meghan. I moved to America in 2011 and since then I I've, I've done you guys no favors. Maybe I, maybe I have to leave. But look, she is an awful, terrible person. And it's not just that her instincts are authoritarian, although they are, it's that she actually doesn't believe in anything If. you look at, last time she ran for president, she said on two separate occasions that she wanted to completely abolish private health insurance.


On the first occasion, she agreed with the proposition by putting up her hand. But the second time she was asked about it on the stage directly. And she said, in this incredibly flippant way, yep, that's it. We've gotta move on. It's gotta go done. You know, 150 million people have private health insurance and she was just gonna get rid of it. Well, this was not too popular. And she noticed, and so she subsequently said, I misunderstood the question. No, you didn't, you didn't misunderstand the question. That's what you thought you had to say at that point. Because if you go back to the 2019 Democratic party support for single payer was a prerequisite until Biden won and perversely enough, given the way he's government actually moved somewhat to the right, she is a catastrophe.


And my only question is whether or not the press is going to be able to turn her into something in a short space of time that will give her a good shot. I keep hearing skeptical Democrats saying, look, we, we don't have enough time to introduce her, but I think the opposite's true. I think the lack of time between now and the election is her greatest asset. If you gave her instead of a runway of 106 days, If, you gave her 300 days, I think she'd be dead in the water. So on that point, Jim, there, it's come to our attention. Taylor Lorenzo, the Washington Post wrote this up a couple of weeks ago, but it's all over social media that these young lefties are trying to rebrand Kamala Harris' cringey moments as somehow cool.


The language being used is likable, oddball, funny, relatable moments online. She's just goofy quote a wine ant, which I've never heard. She's like a wine ant. It's fun. She's just a little goofy. And look at this, Jim, they actually put together a remix using this song called Brat, which I guess is pretty popular, a remix of Harris moments, trying to make her seem just fun. Just fun. Watch a little bit of this. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree. You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.


I'm, I'm just living that life fun. Everything is in context. My mother used to, she would give us a hard time sometimes, and she would say to us, I don't know what's wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree. You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you. I love Venn diagrams. I really do. I love Venn diagrams, The album, Right, Megan, if I were the Trump campaign, I would be running that in every swing state in every commercial break possible just to say, yeah, yeah.


Kamala Harris, she always seems slightly inebriated as the slogan for 2024. And maybe she is, maybe she is a fun person. I don't know if that's necessarily the preeminent quality that Americans are looking for in a commander in chief and President. I mean, Willie Brown seemed to think so I wasn't gonna go there while I'm, I make a comment about, I, there's a debate, there's a debate about, on this, on Twitter right now about whether her sleeping with Willie Brown when she was an up and coming inspiring politician in San Francisco is fair game. It's fair game. It, it's a, it's part of a pattern of her ascending to positions that she does not deserve. Based on merit for other reasons.


First, she slept with this guy, Willie Brown, who was this extremely popular, powerful congressman out in California and the assembly out there, beat one had to become the, the speaker out there and he put her in two different positions that she did not deserve when she was only 29 or 30, he was 60 already. That affair suss. And she was making the equivalent of 130 grand a year by today's money for meeting twice a month for these medical boards in another position for which she had zero qualifications. That's, he was trying to lay the road for her political career. He admitted that he's the one who helped her win the role as da and she was sleeping with him.


I'm sorry. It's fair game. Sorry Jim, go ahead. No, Megan, let's just agree to say that she climbed the greasy pole of California politics takes some talent and, but, so yeah, by the way, I think you look at the story of Kamala Harris and you look at someone who, from the beginning of her career as an assistant da, to becoming a really, to become, to the moment she runs for president, it was one success after another. This was somebody who knew how to appeal to a democratic primary electorate in a place like San Francisco. And then to appeal to a democratic electorate as a whole, which is a whole bunch of liberal, progressive democrats, right? It is based surviving and rising to the top in California. Politics besides any extracurricular activities is appealing to all the liberal interest groups.


You gotta take care of the unions, you gotta take care of Hollywood, you gotta take care of Silicon Valley, you gotta take care of the environmentalists, but If you, it's like the stations of the cross, but If, you take care of everybody. Then you, you get the nomination and you cruise to victory in the general election that does not prepare you to win the Iowa caucuses. That does not prepare you to win New Hampshire or South Carolina or any of these other states that are just politically and culturally dramatically different to that. And I kind of feel like even in that first debate, which he, you know, calls Joe Biden racist, things are going well for her right up until the moment Tosey Gabbard guts her like a fish by pointing out the contradictions in her prosecution record and points out. You left on the radio interview about, you know, smoking marijuana, but you prosecuted this many thousand people for marijuana possession back when you were a prosecutor.


And, it just goes through all the contradiction, And it, you know, and I think Kamala Harris never came back from that. And I think everything from the nervous laugh to the perception that she always feels like she's giving a book report on a book she didn't read. You know, the the phrases she keeps going, the haiku hallmark hard stuff. I think it's all nervousness. I think she stepped up and minds in that 2020 campaign. It all came crashing down. And I'm gonna quote Charlie back to Charlie, which I think is the ultimate compliment you can give somebody where he points out that like Joe Biden only became president because Barack Obama picked him off the scrap heap of politics in the summer of 2008. And let's face it, most of us saw him as assassination insurance, right? The idea of, well, you know, nobody's gonna take a shot at Obama if Biden's gonna be a heartbeat away.


And then Kamala Harris, as you pointed out, crashed and burned in that 2 20 20 presidential campaign. And then because Joe Biden had promised he was gonna pick an African American and promised he was gonna pick a woman, there weren't that many options. And he picked her, which I think, you know, we can all kind of agree did not work. And the fact that he chose to run for a second term was an ipso facto declaration that he didn't think she could beat Donald Trump one-on-one in the general election. And yet here we are. Mm. There's a, there's a very interesting Axios piece out that says Biden doubted Harris's election chances that he hesitated to drop his reelection campaign, in part because he and a senior advisors worried about her.


They did not think she was up to the task of taking on Trump. According to three Biden aids familiar with recent talks, according to the 2020 campaign, he, his aides recall watching Harris interrogate her then chief of staff Corinne Jean Pierre, to the point that it made others uncomfortable. I'll defend Kamala Harris on that. That's that's off, that's easy to do. I mean, you ask her anything, anything, everybody, You watch any White House briefing and Yeah. That, that looks like more of the same. That's, Yeah. I mean, you, she thinks the Nobel Prize is the noble prize. She said it repeatedly. The noble it's no, the noble prize. So yeah, that would grow uncomfortable quickly. They said she wasn't a team player.


She straight, she stayed away from any task with risk. And then there's this nugget in April, 2022, Harris was the guest for a dinner at DC News mogul David Bradley's home a salon style event. Bradley hosts with Washington journalists and Newsmakers Harris's anxiety about the dinner was such that her staff held a mock dinner beforehand, a mock dinner beforehand with staffers playing participants. According to two people familiar with the event, Harris AEs even considered including wine in the mock prep. So Harris could practice with a glass or two. They ultimately decided against it. I I'm horrified by this story.


They did hold the mock dinner, they just didn't have the wine. Jim, this is exactly what you're talking about, that she's awkward, she's uncomfortable, she's socially not adept, and we can see all that. Yeah. And so the first time I ever saw Kamala Harris was in 2012 at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte. She was one of the early speakers on one of the early nights. She was not the star. It was kind of a, but she was the California attorney general then. And she was, she know, kind of seen as a rising star. And I remember And, it was only like five to 10 minutes worth of remarks. But I remember watching saying, oh, you know, dang it, here comes the next great Democrat.


Here comes the female Obama, relatively young, relatively charismatic, relatively attractive. And she's from California. She's got a, she's gonna be the next, you know, this is gonna be really tough. I clearly, she had like five to 10 minutes worth of material and that, you know, but it, it's interesting to see somebody who was once so self-assured, now sex seems to second guess herself and be very nervous in these things. Terrified of saying the wrong thing and then often ending up saying the wrong thing. Like, oh, we, I've been to the border when she had not. Yeah. And I've never been to Europe. Yeah. I do wanna talk about Charlie's reasons for disliking her because not only was there, the thing about moving us all off of private insurance, just with her magic wand, she wants to take away your health insurance and make you go on the government dole, but she also wants to take away guns.


She's made that very clear. She was a co-sponsor of the Green New Deal. She believed Jussie Smollett, she called Jacob Blake who pulled a knife on cops, a hero, something along those lines. and more so we're gonna pick it up there. And whether notwithstanding all that, they're gonna try to knife Biden again to get her in a better position for this race right after this break.


Grand Canyon University Private Christian University in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. They believe we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity in that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G c's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December 23, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit gcu.edu.


A small regret is slouching in the dentist chair thinking I should have brushed and flossed earlier. They're gonna know. A big health regret is listening to your doctor and thinking I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Better health today and when it matters most is why I wanna talk to you about field of greens. Field of greens is unlike any fruit and vegetable or green product. Field of greens isn't watered down, extracts it's whole fruits and vegetables. Each fruit and vegetable was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. And field of greens is backed by a better health promise. At your next checkup, your doctor will notice your improved health. And if he or she doesn't, you get your money back. Don't look back and say, I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Field of Greens is here now, ready for you. And they can help you get better health today When it matters most, let's get you started with 15% off and free shipping. Visit field of greens.com and use promo code mk. That's promo code mk@fieldofgreens.com.


I'll be running for president. I'm the United States and we have states and they're united. And because think about it, states should be united in all the states now. Well, they have a president to preside over them. Oh, that's good, I have to say. Well done by Estee Ty, who's my new favorite Twitter follow with her spot on Kamala Harris Invitations.


Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. My guests are national reviews, Charles CW Cook, and Jim Garrity. I mean, on the bright side, Kamala Harris has the very real shot of making the Saturday night shows funny again. The late night shows funny again. If only they will take the gift that is her content and use it. What's less funny, Charlie, are the reasons that led you to loathe her. Gradon put together a list as sort of a, a butted soundbite of some of her more controversial stances, some of which you outlined a moment ago. I'm, we're gonna play just part of it, but here's a bit. So 11, So I decided I was gonna start prosecuting parents for truancy.


What else do we know about this population? 18 through 24? They are stupid. They make really bad decisions. Do you believe That Americans should have divided to vote at age 16? I'm really interested in having that conversation Convicted in prison like the Boston Marathon Bomber on death row. People who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able to vote. I think we should have that conversation. She thinks we should do away with the electoral college. Is that, do you agree with that? I think that it's, I'm open to the discussion. I'm, I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a green New Deal. But would you support Changing the dietary guidelines? Yes. You know, the food pyramid, but people Yes. Yes. To reduce red meat specifically.


Yes, I would. So would you ban offshore drilling? Yes. Do you ban plastic straws? I think we should assault weapons, right? That are already in circulation. What do you do about those? We have to have a buyback program and I support a mandatory buyback program. Mandatory. Charles, take it from there. Well, I, I think there's three things, but I divide those into three groups. The first one is, as I said earlier, that she doesn't believe in anything at root. And so that was her stop phrase was, I think we should have that conversation. There was almost nothing you could say to her at a certain point in 2019 that wouldn't lead her to say, we should have that conversation. You could say to her, do you think that we should nuke California where you live?


And she would say, I think we should have that conversation. So she's a coward. That's the first part. The second thing is that she's flippant. You know, every affirmative answer she gave there was flippant. The health insurance answer I mentioned was not within that, but she was flippant when she said it. Yeah, move on. Do it 150 million people off the restructure, a six of the economy. And your answer is short. Why not? Let's do it. You know, as If, you've decided to leave the pizza place that you're at and go somewhere else. 'cause the line's too long. And then there's the side that I worry about more than any other, which is that despite not believing in anything, perhaps because she doesn't believe in anything, she's an authoritarian, but she said we should have a mandatory buyback program for assault weapons.


Well, let's, let's decode both of those. Euphemisms assault weapon is a standard modern sporting rifle. There's 25 million of them in circulation. The most popular rifle in the country, the more popular than the Ford F-150. That's assault weapon. Mandatory buyback. Well buyback what? Buying it back from me. The government didn't own it. What that means is confiscation with some, yeah, it's not for sale remuneration. Right? So they're gonna come to my house and I have 13 guns and they're gonna make me give over four of 'em and they will give me some money for it, but I, I don't want to do that. And they're gonna do that with 25 million guns, probably more.


That that is not the sort of answer where you go, yeah, sure. Norris's plastic straws, although is less important. Another thing missing from that, but, but related in this third category was the famous exchange that she had with Joe Biden in 2019 on the debate stage where he said he wanted to ban. So-called assault weapons. And he said it had to go through Congress. And she said, no, I will just do it by executive order. And look, you know, when he said, well, you can't do that, we have a constitution. I think it's a direct quote. I think he literally said, we have a constitution. He seems to have forgotten about that since she said, you know, we need a b bigger imagination. We need to, you need to, as you might put it, be unburdened by what has gone before.


That is a horrible, horrible, horrible thing for somebody who wants to take an oath to the Constitution and be the chief executive of the federal government to say. And look, I am, and I have been on this show, certainly have been at National Review, an outspoken critic of when Donald Trump has talked like that. And I have said that it doesn't matter whether he actually achieves it or not. I don't want people who are seeking the office held by George Washington and Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan to talk like that. Well, I'm afraid the same goes for Kamala Harris. Time and time and time again. She has talked about the presidency as if it were a dictatorship, as if it, it has all of this secret power that other people just can't be bothered to use.


She did it with gun control more recently where she said that if Congress won't act in her first hundred days, she will know you won't. That's not how Congress works. There's not this free floating power out there that if Congress doesn't take, you know, like a squatter can come in And. it can sit on it and say, it's mine now. No, the answer is no. And she does this a lot. So she's a horrible, horrible, you see, you've got me going now. She's a horrible combination of nihilistic, flippant, and authoritarian. She's basically the, the nightmare candidate for me. There's five years of hating her now. And I have not slowed down one bit.


She just keeps giving you new reasons so that none of that is to completely rule her out. Jim, I mean, I understand that even the Democrats aren't in love with Kamala Harris. She has a 38% approval rating, but the Democrat machine is formidable. They love abortion. And she's been the most outspoken member of the administration on abortion rights. Abortion rights. You know, that's the reason she flew down when those Tennessee lawmakers were throwing a fit to put herself right in the square in the center of that, the first sitting vice president to visit Planned Parenthood. That's been a very good issue for Democrats the past couple of election cycles, though. It's not like the voters don't understand Joe Biden's more pro-choice than the Republican party is.


And they were still getting ready to vote him out from the look of the polls. In any event, hate to rule her out right now because as we've just discussed, a short runway for her may be better and they're so relieved and feeling somewhat excited now for the first time in months. So how does, how would you see this next couple of months playing out? But it's been a really rough episode of the Megyn Kelly Show for Kamala Harris. So I just wanna take one moment to say, indeed some young people are stupid and some of 'em do make bad decisions. True. As she said in that montage. I'll, I'll give you a little credit for that one. Matter. It's true. Vice president, sometimes they do.


I I think it's gonna take like two weeks before. I feel like the polling will be a good measure because I think the American electorate needs time to digest this. We just saw that short speech from her today. At some point I, I hope we're gonna hear from the president and then at some point we're gonna hear from Vice President Harris making an address to the country and kind of saying, hi, I'm, I'm your new Democratic nominee. But let's point out that like if Democrats really wanted to, they could find some way, they could leave a horse's head in her bed or something like that. Since we're using Godfather metaphors and have Gretchen Whitmer and Josh Shapiro, governor of Michigan, governor of Pennsylvania, and then you've probably locked up two of the three Blue Wall states.


And you probably would feel pretty good about your odds in that scenario. But Democrats don't wanna go with that. They wanna stick with, with Kamala Harris. I think she gives them a better chance than they would've had, the Democrats would've had with Joe Biden. Which is not to say she's a great candidate. She brings her own flaws, which we've talked about copiously. But you know what she can do? She can campaign, she can work weekends. She doesn't have to spend every weekend at the, she can do morning events. She could do late events. She could do, you know, she can speak off a teleprompter. She's gonna have some bad moments. She's gonna have some, you know, haiku moments. But she could do basic campaigning that the typical that that Joe Biden was proving he just could not do anymore. But let me ask you this Garrity, lemme ask you this.


What are the odds of the Democrats understanding what we understand, which is yeah, she can do those things. But she's weak. She is weak. She is not a strong candidate going into this. Yeah, but she'd be stronger if she were the sitting president. And so knife in the back took out Joe Biden maybe knife in the front removes him from the presidency. And maybe, maybe they tested for more than just Covid when he went in last week. And me, now we've come to the realization that he's gotta step down because of X, Y, whatever the diagnosis is. Yeah. Because that whatever male material there was to make him step down from second term could still be used.


I mean, this is not a nice group of people. We've seen that and they have absolutely no loyalty to Joe Biden that we have to give him. Right? He's been reportedly very angry at Schumer, Pelosi ha, Hakeem Jeffries, all these people behind closed doors who completely knifed him just as soon as they could. No loyalty. So what's to stop them from doing again? 'cause wouldn't she do better if she were the sitting president in this going into this Race? Well, first of all, yeah. First of all, Megan, can we point out the weirdness of being in the position of thinking that Kamala Harris is terrible, that I don't want to see her elected and also simultaneously believing she should be taking the oath of office this afternoon. Same Jim seems Right. You know, like she's ter But on the other hand, she is, she seems to be mentally all there close enough and Biden isn't that we, we don't see Biden, right?


So like by that standard, she should be the commander in chief right now. And it's conceivable works that people around, yeah, people around Biden would, will draw that same conclusion. And by the, I think being go president for six months would be an advantage. It would, it would, you know, say this is what I can do. Look, the bi entirely separate from Joe Biden being old and crotchety and possibly Senile Biden has a bad record. And it's kind of tough for Kamala Harris to completely separate herself from that. But she can at some point say, you know, I love Joe, but I'm gonna do things a little bit differently than him and I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z instead of A, B and C. It's not a great, and again, if you're starting out with Whitmer and Shapiro or any other two Democrats, you have a better chance of saying, we're the candidates of change.


We're not the status quo, but by, like, she could at least pull it off. And if she becomes president, she can immediately take some actions. IE we're gonna, we start building border wall stuff. Like these are not what she would want to do, but that these are things she could do to say, Hey, president Kamala Harris is not gonna be like the president Joe Biden you didn't like. And maybe things will be changing. None of these are great options for the Democrats, but I think they're better than what they had up, you know, 48 hours ago. And you know, again, she's younger. She should help with women, she should help with minorities. I I would see states like Virginia, New Mexico, New Hampshire, places like that. Not Minority men. No, no.


There, there, she's gonna repel a certain chunk of voters as well. But I, I think that at, you know, again, she, she seemed loopy. Not senile. That's true. Believe it or not, that's an improvement. Yeah, that's, that's all true. I just, I can't help feeling, especially, especially given this election cycle, you guys like, look what's happened in the past three weeks, mayor remind you, the debate was less than a month ago, we had this disastrous debate. We saw the president's loss of his mental faculties before our very eyes. We had a presidential assassination attempt and they actually did shoot President Trump. Then we saw this, the sitting president stepped down maybe through Twitter.


So I mean, somebody on Twitter yesterday posted in order for there to be a true October surprise this year, it would have to be actual space aliens coming down. Like how much more could they raise the stakes? Like the, the amount of news that's coming at us. So my point is, don't rule anything out. They, we could be in for yet another wallop where Joe Biden steps down from the presidency, they elevate her. Before you guys go, I have to ask you about the secret service hearing that's taking place on Capitol Hill right now. It's pretty extraordinary, pretty dramatic what's happening. So the head of the Secret Service, Kim Cheadle, is before the house and she is man on the hot seat.


This is very rare. But both parties are pummeling. Her Republicans and Democrats are both outraged over this attempted assassination. It was obviously a Dere election and, and she's provided so few answers. She's been irritatingly, closed lipped about the whole thing. So that continued today. She wouldn't say definitively if the gunman acted alone. She wouldn't say if he placed the gun on the roof before firing. 'cause that's one of the questions. How did the gun get up there? She wouldn't reveal why the former president had been allowed on the stage, given the number of times that the gunman had been spotted over and over and over and even deemed suspicious.


That's one of the questions everybody's asking, why would you allow President Trump to go out there when you knew there was a threat that you hadn't yet contained? Okay, but she did reveal no one's been fired. That's par for the course for this administration. No one's been disciplined. Why hasn't she resigned? And when she was asked, when when will we get answers on all these important questions? They're out there right now campaigning, is the system broken? What's been changed, who's been fired? She says, oh, maybe we'll get some answers in 60 days. So this is kind of crazy, both the Dems and the Republicans doing an admiral job. Admirable job of getting after her And. it culminated in this moment where Congresswoman Nancy Macs of South Carolina finally lost it.


Watch. Was this a colossal failure? It was a failure. Yes or no? Was it a colossal failure? Is the question yes or no? I have admitted this is a terrible, this is a yes or no series of questions. Was this a colossal failure? Yes or no? Yes. Would you say the fact that we had to issue a subpoena to get you to show up today as being transparent, yes or no? I have always been eager to yes or no. You didn't wanna answer the question. We had to issue a subpoena to get you to show up today. Okay. Would you say leaking your opening statement to Punchbowl News, Politico's Playbook in Washington Post several hours before you sent it to this committee as being political?


Yes or no? I have no idea how my statement got out. Well that's bullshit. Has the Secret Service provided this committee a complete list of all law enforcement personnel that were there that day? Have you done that? Have you provided a list to the oversight committee? Yes or no? I'll have to get back to you on that. That is a no, you're full of shit today. You're just being completely dishonest. Well, she put it out there, Charles, checking the, the language, which we don't normally hear in congressional hearings. I share the sentiment. I also don't believe that it wasn't leaked And. it is incredibly frustrating to hear, you know, be a weak plus out with so few answers and zero resignations.


Yeah. And those of course are two separate questions. The details of what happened here matter enormously. And the lack of specifics is infuriating. But the lack of those specifics, in my view, is completely separate from the fact that she should have resigned. And if she didn't resign, she should have been fired. This is the part I find incomprehensible. First off, she should have resigned. I don't understand how you don't resign. And in the 1980s when the Argentinian military invaded the Falcon Islands, the British Secretary of Defense resigned. It wasn't his fault. He wasn't as if he'd missed any intelligence, he just resigned.


'cause it was his job to stop that happening. And he hadn't done it. But if he hadn't have resigned, Margaret Thatcher would would've fired him. What is Joe Biden doing that even from a completely personally, politically motivated sense, shouldn't he fire him? Is there anyone in America who would say, oh my goodness, now Joe Biden has fired the director of the Secret Service who failed to protect Donald Trump. I'm not going to vote for the Democrats. It seems to me an easy win And, it hasn't happened. So there's two problems here. One is the, there should have been these reflexive resignations. And two is we're not getting information that is really important.


It's really scary, Jim, because the secret service we now find out has been misleading us. You know, we saw over the weekend, yeah, that, forgive me, Susan Crabtree of real clear politics, their White House reporter was reporting. So was Dan, Dan Bonino, former Secret Service guy himself, that Trump's security team had been denied repeatedly resources from the Secret Service. And they, on the record chastised Susan in particular, and said absolutely false. And said to Dan Bonino, absolutely f false Mayorkas doubled down saying, that's absolutely false. And now we know it was true. Dan was right. Susan was right.


The secret service was misleading us. They were incorrect at best. That's their new spin. New facts came to light. Well, If, you didn't know fully what had been asked for and denied. You shouldn't have been calling others liars. But they did. And so we do know that the Trump team had been begging for additional resources time and time again. It had been denied, not for this particular event, but in the past. So we don't trust them. Jim Garrity. So Megan, before I go any further, can I, you know, you've been kind enough to mention my novel. If I wrote a novel in which the dishonest head of the Secret Service was named Cheadle, I think some readers would say, Jim, isn't that a little on the nose?


Yeah. That, that, you know, come on. That's a little ridiculous. There also that the Assassin was named Crooks. That's another, you know, just a little, you know, so imagine how shocked all of us would be if in the days after the assassination, when it was so clear, just what a colossal failure. I, I don't think Nancy Mac is out of line for saying, what's just a failure just layer upon layer upon layer of failure and only by the grace of God in one inch. Did we, you know, not lose Donald Trump that day? That, that, that if, if she had chosen to resign, how pleasantly surprised would all of us be? How shocked would we, we didn't see people resigning in the VA scandal. We didn't see people resigning in healthcare.gov.


We have a long string of Afghanistan, Trump during the debate went on this long rant. And, you know, justified about Biden never fires anybody. Well, you know, in the next debate with Kamala Harris, apparently he'll be able to say, I got shot and they didn't fire anybody. You know, like that, that seemed, and then secondly, again, we're not, we're never gonna think all that highly of Joe Biden, but let's assume he was more of sound mind and body and said to Cheadle, you know, I'm sorry. I don't, I can't find this acceptable. I'd like your resignation or your fired, like how pleasantly shot. Nobody ever gets held accountable anymore. And I think I, I don't, you know, Biden said, this is unacceptable. We're gonna have a full investigation and then you just kinda wait for everybody to forget about it.


This is a really unfortunate habit in our, our government. It's why there is so little trust. And, you know, it is kind of egregious that that Cheadle is not gone. Mayorca should have been gone a long time ago for the border, but this is like a double failure on his watch. It's going from bad to worse. But we'll play some more in our next segment when our pal Dave Rubin joins us. Charlie, Jim, great to see you both. Thanks so much for being here. Thanks for having us. It's Megan. Okay. And up next we'll get to some of the other questions that she's dodging on. Wait until you hear her latest on the Sloped Roof and why it was allegedly not appropriate for an agent.


That's when Dave joins us. Next.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


A small regret is slouching in the dentist chair thinking I should have brushed and flossed earlier. They're gonna know. A big health regret is listening to your doctor and thinking I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Better health today and when it matters most is why I wanna talk to you about field of greens. Field of greens is unlike any fruit and vegetable or green product. Field of greens isn't watered down extracts it's whole fruits and vegetables. Each fruit and vegetable was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. And field of greens is backed by a better health promise. At your next checkup, your doctor will notice your improved health. And if he or she doesn't, you get your money back. Don't look back and say, I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Field of Greens is here now ready for you. And they can help you get better health today When it matters most. Let's get you started with 15% off and free shipping. Visit field of greens.com and use promo code mk. That's promo code mk@fieldofgreens.com.


We all have Our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things, Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Joining me now, my friend Dave Rubin, host of The Rubin Report. Dave, great to see you. I'm gonna pick it up with you where I left off with our last guests and that is this secret service. We'll get to Biden and your thoughts on that in a minute. But the Secret service hearing that's happening right now on Capitol Hill, James Comer, giving Secret Service director Kim Cheadle, a hard time on whether they placed a Secret Service agent on the roof. Why they didn't adequately prepare for a possible shooter on the roof in question. Watch this. One of the things that you said, I believe in an interview that there wasn't an agent on the roof because it was a sloped roof. Is that, is that normal? And do you fear that that immediately creates an opportunity for future would be assassins to look for a slanted roof?


I mean, it it, this is a huge question that every American has. Why wasn't a secret service agent on the roof? And there have been reports that agents were supposed to be on the roof, but it was hot that day and they didn't wanna be on the roof. Can you answer any of those questions, director? Sir, I appreciate you asking me that question. Chairman. I should have been more clear in my answer. When I spoke about where we placed personnel in that interview, what I can tell you is that there was a plan in place to provide Overwatch, and we are still looking into responsibilities. And who was going to provide Overwatch when we are providing Overwatch, whether that be through counters, snipers, or other technology prefer to have sterile rooftops.


Now they need to be sterile. Not not just non sloped. But it's ridiculous, Dave, that here we are s well, I guess it's eight days after the fact, nine days after the fact. And she still can't answer exactly who made the call to put it outside the security perimeter. And who made the call not to station an actual secret service agent there. And who made the call once that was decided not to have eyes on the local law enforcement to make sure they had the roof covered, not from inside the building. Megan, I gotta tell you, I am highly caffeinated today. And in light of the events of the last eight days, I am going to pull no punches on the Megyn Kelly Show today.


She has to step down right now. if she had any honor, she would be stepping down in the middle of this hearing. I don't know what she just said right there, but it's completely irrelevant. This rooftop that we're talking about was not an a-frame rooftop like on a barn where you actually might need some ropes and things to stay up there. Anyone could stand on this rooftop. There's the meme going around of a cow on a slightly, a slightly inclined rooftop right now. This is complete absurdity. We look, we don't know the level that DEI fully played in this in terms of whether she actually got the job because of DEI or the agents that were there with Trump or whether people have been trained properly, completely outside of, of DEI and everything else.


But this is a cataclysmic failure. And the problem that we are having across society at almost every level right now is that no one takes responsibility for anything no matter what happens. Whether it's covid related, whether it's an as assassination attempt related or anything else. No one says, you know what, that was my responsibility and I have to step down. She, she is an absolute utter embarrassment. That was complete word salad right there. I don't care about Overwatch or anything else. We've all seen the image. I know you've put it up on your show where you can just so cleanly lay out the, the visual that the shooter had on Trump, the sniper on the, on the shooter and everything else.


This should have absolutely never happened. And I have to say, God bless Donald Trump for even being out there at the Republican convention, knowing that it largely seems that not only is the system rigged against him, but who the hell knows what's going on with security right now. It's amazing. 'cause right now over the weekend we got reaction from Mayorca head chief of DDHS and Cheadle head of Circuit Service. They're outraged at the DEI questions that have been asked in the wake of the Trump. No one gives a shit. We don't care. Yep. Yep. Take your feelings and stuff, 'em enough. A man is dead enough. President Trump was shot and nearly lost his life, and two others were shot to. We couldn't care less about your foe outrage over the questions we're asking about whether you tried to DEI the Secret Service right into an unsafe position.


Megan, the, the truth of the matter is that outside of DEI, it is fairly obvious that over the last, say two, three decades, the United States government is no longer getting the best of the best to work for it, whether that's the literal office of the presidency or in the administration or basically across the institutions. But then when you add a dash of DEI to it, you are going to degrade all of the institutions further. So if there was even 1% chance that the people in charge of protecting the president, be they the snipers or the secret service agents who are quite literally two feet in front of him during all this or anything else, or cheat up if there's a 1%, yeah.


If there's a, or the secret service director herself, if there's a 1% chance that that person is not the best of the best because instead of focusing on what the job is, what the resume should look like for, to have a position like that versus oh, they are of this gender or this sexuality, then the whole thing's got to go. And Megan, you know, our friend Peter Bog often points out that once wokeness enters any institution, by default, it destroys that institution. Because whether you're selling widgets or your job is to protect the President of the United States, once you deviate from what that intention is, what, what is the purpose of your company or your institution? Once you deviate and start looking at gender or skin color or anything else as opposed to the, the meritocracy that this country should all be about, you will destroy the product.


So seeing Cheadle up there with this word salad and listening to the endless excuses is not surprising. I would say it's not a, it's not a bug. It's a feature of the system that they've created. She's infuriating. I'm thrilled to see for once Democrats and Republicans uniting Yeah. To pummel Kim Cheadle. They've recognized how inappropriate she's being and how poorly this was handled. Here's a soundbite. This is representative Raja Krishna Mothy, democrat of Illinois, who's getting all over Cheadle on the fact that they knew, according to reports, at least an hour before the shooting, that they had identified a suspicious person, that they lost track of this person and they still let Trump take to the stage.


So watch this. NBC reported that at 5:51 PM 20 minutes before the shooting began, the state police informed the secret service of their concern. Now the rally was not paused at that point, correct? No. And according to NBC, just two minutes later, at 5:53 PM the Secret Service notified its snipers about the gunman. The rally wasn't paused at that point either, correct? No. Let me show you some video footage. The guys on the roof and everybody's yelling at him. Yes. And, and directing the officer's attention to him. The rally was not paused at that point. Correct. We are currently still combing through communications and when communications were passed, Well, I can point you to this communication is two minutes before the shots started ringing out, director Cheadle, yes or no?


Was there ever a moment where the Secret Service actually considered pausing the rally, The Secret Service would've paused the rally had they known or been So the answer is no. It Was an actual threat. The answer is no. Correct? I can, I can speak to you in generalities. No, no. I don't want generalities, I want Specifics. I don't. All the communic Who, who's she saving the big answers for? She works for us. Right? I can speak to you in generalities. What are you doing up there, lady? I'm telling you, Megan, she should have, she should just resign right now today. This is an, this is just such a travesty. It's insane. You know, Megan, you and I both have IBS in our ear.


You know what they are. And most of your audience probably does that so that you can, your director can tell you that there's a video clip coming up or something. So think about what's going on that day at the Trump, at the Trump rally. There are at least two minutes where we know people were yelling about somebody with a gun over there on the building. All of the Secret service agents have one of these IFPs in their ear. That means that there's central communication somewhere where they're being told what's on the ground. Oh, there's a shady looking guy over there. Or somebody's been in the bathroom too long over there. That's a little bizarre. Or there's a, there's a package outside of the, outside of the stage, whatever the series of things might be. That there were two minutes where all of these people, they're not disconnected unless they're somehow claiming that the entire system went down and they had no way of communicating with each other.


The fact that two minutes went by where people are seeing something screaming about a guy with a gun on top of the hour, that, that was just referenced right there where they thought it someone, you know, kind of shady was there. It's all a failure of the system that they have created. Now, again, whether that's perfectly DEI related or not, we can set aside, but ultimately it falls on her. So she either has to say, I will resign right now because I did not put the proper policies in place. Or she has to find somebody to fire. I don't, that probably wouldn't be just for the person that they'll, you know, just throw, throw a bo or throw aside. It should be her. But this is an absolute embarrassment and, and a and a perfect adv.


She's a perfect avatar for a system that does not work anymore. She can't answer a question. Yeah, she's, she doesn't know what her job is and she's given word salad Who decided to put that building outside the perimeter? That's what I wanna know. And I don't care if it's, if it's a woman or a man, maybe it was a man. I, I really think that's the person. That's person number one on the blame scale. Who made that dumb ass decision to put that outside the security perimeter? And then who decided to entrust it to local law enforcement, which was an obvious spot from which something bad could happen and then who failed to oversee them? All those questions are remain unanswered. In the meantime, we know the Secret Service is misleading us because I mentioned it earlier, but they'd been saying in response to Susan Crabtree of real clear politics and Dan Bino saying Trump's team had been asking for additional resources to protect him as he got closer and closer to the nomination and the threat levels were going up, not at this particular event, but in general prior to and at other events.


And over and over he was denied resources. Now, some I can understand some, they said, oh, he's going to a massive sporting event as a, as a VIP attendee. And they were like, we're not gonna mag the entire stadium. Right, right. You're going that I get that's reasonable that that's all our tax dollars that they have to draw limits somewhere, especially on a former president, but not providing appropriate magnetometers or re or resources to make sure we had enough sniper coverage of outdoor rallies. Which, you know, president Trump does all the time. He's both a former president and the nominee for the J that makes no sense. And they, so they came out and viciously attacked both of those reports and now we know they were true.


And here is Jim Jordan hammering Director Cheadle on those denials. 17 Secret Service spokesman. Anthony Gugul me said, quote, the assertion that a member of the former president security team requested additional security resources that the US Secret Service or the Department of Homeland Security rebuffed is absolutely false. The next day, secretary Myorca said, that is an unequivocally false assertion. We had not received any requests for additional security measures that were rebuffed. But five days later, the Washington Post said this top officials repeatedly rejected requests from Donald Trump's security detail for more personnel.


So, which is it? 'cause both statements can't be true. Were you guessing or lying when you said you didn't turn down requests from President Trump's detail? Neither sir. And I appreciate the question. Well, What's, what were you doing? Because those statements don't, don't jive. So what I can tell you is that for the event in Butler, there were no requests that were denied as far as requests. Well, maybe they got tired of asking, maybe you turned 'em down so darn much. It said, not worth asking. A denial of a request is not equal. A vulnerability. Ugh. That's a new story. The reports were not that they asked for resources for Butler, the reports were that Secret Service had repeatedly, she had repeatedly turned down additional resources begged for by the Trump campaign.


Now she's trying to weasel and change the nature of the Trump campaign's requests. Megan, let me tell you, I don't know if this, I'm even allowed to tell this story publicly, but I think in light of everything that's going on, I think it warrants telling. I happened to do an event by total coincidence with Robert F. Kennedy Jr probably about eight months ago in Los Angeles when his house that day happened to be broken into. And I was standing backstage at the event with him when one of his aides said, your house got broken into, somebody scaled the fence. And his quote, and then I'll leave it at that, he said again, and then that, that's where I'll leave it. but that is the level of insanity that we are dealing with right now. Somebody with the Kennedy last name, and we don't have to go into all of the things that have happened to his, you know, family members over the years is not getting the protection they deserve.


Now, now I suppose they are post therum assassination attempt and then Exactly. You're you're making the perfectly right point. This has nothing to do with the event, the security of the event that day because Jim Jordan might be right. They might be like, yeah, we tried to get more security from you guys repeatedly. We knew the threats were going up and everything else, and then we just didn't ask on this given day. I would also say the video that people need to keep looking at is the video where you see Trump getting shot and then the sniper that's sort of in the distance behind him, you see him basically shooting the, the would be assassin at the exact same moment, you know, within a millisecond. I think the question for that sniper, what I would love to know is how long did you see the guy on the roof have?


Do we have any time on that? I mean, he didn't just magically get on the roof and then immediately shoot Trump in one millisecond. He obviously was on the roof before it takes a moment to get your gun and everything else. So it seems to me that that's the guy that we need to hear from to get a little more sense of how long everything was going on for. Yeah. And what, what specifically he could see, you know, I'm sure it wasn't right as clear as it was after the fact, but what could he see? So, got some breaking news coming in here. Dave and I do wanna shift topics with you. Anyway, Nancy Pelosi has officially endorsed Kamala Harris. Now it's with immense pride and limitless optimism for our country's future. You know what, it's just, it real. And I, you know, I haven't, whatever, I'm glad he's gone.


He can't do this job. He certainly can't do it for another term. Yeah. But it really is galling that rather than have an open process where they let their voters decide now how to fix this problem that the party elders created, they're just going to rubber stamp their choice and shove down the throats of the American people. Yeah. It's really disgusting. But this is what the Democrat party has become. This is what I and a whole bunch of other people, former Dems have been warning about, that the radicalism in the party would lead to something like this. Look, they are this, in essence, this is a coup that's happening right now. First off, we don't even know what Joe Biden knows about what's happening right now.


That letter was not written on White House letterhead. It was a digital signature. Why was there no picture taken? Or why didn't they release a picture of him signing it? Why wasn't there video? Why is he not doing any appearances today? And, it sounds like not doing any for the rest of the week. There is something Very new. Lemme just, lemme just add and I'll let you finish your point. Yeah. But just to add to that, that he, they called a lid at the White House, meaning he's done in Delaware. He's not at the White House where he's recovering from Covid. He's not appeared publicly in video or in photographs since announcing yesterday. He won't see, and now we won't be seeing him today. Keep going. Right? I mean, the president in, in essence just stepped out. Now I understand he's still president, so to speak, de facto, he's still president. It's still says his name at the desk at, at the White House at the Oval Office.


But this is a scandal unlike anything we can possibly imagine. We've been living in pretty crazy times where every day, you know, you and I wake up and we have to figure out what we're covering. And every day it's crazier and crazier. But what just happened here is that the Democrats have known, they have known for more than five years that there was something not cognitively right with him. Megan, we, we posted a video on Twitter this morning from my show on November 3rd, 2020, November 3rd, 2020, where I said that if he is sworn in again in a, as a second term, if he makes it through this first term and is sworn in again, that I would retire. I would delete all my accounts and retire. Now, am I from the future? Am I a wizard? Am I clairvoyant? I don't think so, but I'm just not kind of brain dead.


Which is largely what the mainstream media has become. You were also talking about this for a long time when nobody else was talking about it. It was obvious. So they started leaking to the media, right? If Obama or Chuck Schumer or Nancy Pelosi, if they wanted to have their meetings with Biden about what was going on, or really figure out the temperature of his mental health, you can have those meetings and have it be private. But they didn't want it to be private because they wanted to have meetings then leak it to the media. The pressure starts bearing on Biden. And again, we don't know what Biden's cognitive ability is right now. So we don't even know if he fully agreed to this. And look, I'm not, I'm not a conspiracy theorist as a general rule, but in light of the amount of lies that we have been fed over the last couple years, I think that there are all sorts of questions as to if this is all legit.


What did they offer him? Did he just get 200 million for his presidential library? Did he get some slush fund? Yes. Did they get, did they guarantee that Hunter won't go to jail or that he won't go to jail? Like there's so many things, It wasn't a new look at polls. Joe Biden believes he can overcome bad polls. His lifetime experience tells him, don't believe that nonsense. I'm Joe Biden, I'm the comeback kid. I don't believe these lies that they, you know, his inner team finally showed him the battleground polls. And he said, ah, okay. Right, right. Now I see the light. No, I, no, that's a lie. It's a complete lie. Right? He was suddenly like, I've been so defiant in all of this and I'm so, I've got such wherewithal in my brain, I, I crunched the numbers And.


it does look like I'm gonna lose. Let's hand it to Kamala. That's complete an utter nonsense. But look, I'm not a Democrat, okay? So this is not my party. Fine. I'm not even a Republican really. But I'm certainly not a Democrat. Same. But If, you are a demo. If, you are a Democrat. You should be absolutely insulted. I get it. You might hate Donald Trump. You might hate, you might think have Trump arrangement syndrome and all of that stuff. However, you should be absolutely insulted that your party, in essence decided not to have a primary then forced RFK to, in essence, he quit the party because of the corruption over there. And now they're just going to install someone who literally was polling at 3% when she was running in the primary against Joe Biden.


Nobody was rejected, voted for Kamala Harris. She was rejected, dropped out after the first debate because she was an ob an maybe it was a second debate because she was an absolute disaster. But they did this to their own people. And I, I am afraid that many of the Democrats are gonna say, oh, this is just wonderful. Thank you sir. Can I have another? It's really wrong. Getting him to step down is correct. He should step down from the presidency too. And now they should have an honest contest in whatever time is left as, as honest as it can be given the fact that they skipped the primaries. This is not, this is by edict, this is by Nancy Pelosi's edict that we're gonna wind up with Vice. Can I ask vice president? Ask a Kamala Harris can ask. Can I ask you a question? Yeah, yeah.


What do you make of the fact that Hillary and Bill are all in on this and Pelosi are in on the Kamala transition, but Obama's kind of punting on this thing. 'cause to me that shows you what the real fight is about right now. Well, I think Obama understands electoral politics very well and understands she's incredibly unpopular and that they do better with somebody else. You know, if they had a ticket of two of these sitting popular governors who are in swing states or who are Democrats governing red states, right? Like North Carolina or purple states like the Pennsylvania, Josh, Josh Shapiro. They, they improve their chances and they're not as unpopular as she is. I don't know that Bill and Hillary, they're, you know, I feel like she's probably making some sort of a vice presidential play here.


'cause let's not forget, oh God, Kyle la will need to name her running mate. And let's, you know, it doesn't necessarily have to be male female. Who knows? Hillary's been getting a lot more ink lately and she's definitely been placing those pieces. That's, that doesn't happen organically. No one's thinking about her. Anyway, okay, so that's my thought on, on them. I do, you know, I, I do wonder how Trump is gonna handle her because having said all that, she did get elected to, you know, US senator. She, she won first her local race to be da, she became the attorney general of California. She became a US senator and she ultimately, you know, won the vice presidency.


So she's not incapable of winning debates and making her arguments. I don't know whether there'll be a debate. Now Trump is saying, I'm not doing the a BC debate. I agreed to, I wanna do one against her on Fox News. Now that would be something fun to watch. I can't see Kamala Harris agreeing to go on Fox News, but she should, because Brett and Martha would be very fair. They would be very fair. So I don't know what's gonna happen. How does he handle her? 'cause so far it's been typical Trump style. You know, his tweets or his truth social posts have been pretty bombastic. Yeah, well we're, look, we're in the midst of seeing a massive narrative shift because last week, post assassination and for the four days of the, of the Republican convention, which you were at, I mean, that was the widest tent Republican movement.


And the most focused, sort of joyous pro-America. Doesn't matter if you're just like the most traditional conservative ever, we want you in this party. You have Rick Renell up there saying, doesn't matter if you're gay or straight, you have Harmit Dylan giving a Sikh prayer. You have Orthodox Jews and Christians, you had atheist groups, the secular groups there. It was exactly what America is supposed to be. And what my fear was during that was this is kind of Trump peaking a little bit too early. It's like all the energy post assassination, which is just like beyond ephemeral. You can't even touch that. Now you have this really hot party that is doing all of the right things that we would want as as Americans, I think.


And now you're gonna see the narrative shift. And the narrative shift is going to be that Kamala Harris is the black woman who is a prosecutor and Donald Trump is the criminal and she is gonna prosecute him and everything else. I think Trump has to stay on message. Don't get, you know, one of the things he's been very, very good at last couple months, especially as it pertained to Biden, was letting Biden make mistakes. Not going too crazy with the name calling. I think if Trump just continues to expose the identity, politics, nonsense, all of her really horrific ideas as it relates to, to Marxism and equity over equality and everything else that will help. But look, you know, Megan, we got, what, three months to the election and we have six months till a new president is inaugurated.


They have plenty of time to just keep dinging and dinging and dinging Trump and making it seem like he's Hitler again. And now she's the hero. So this is a long time off and I, I wish maybe that the Republicans had punted the, the convention to a little bit later so things would time out a little bit differently. The fact that the, the fact that the, the debate was in June really has now worked to the Dems advantage. I have to say, I think Trump, yes, he's gonna need to hit her and I think his surrogate should absolutely be hitting her all the time on her policy choices, which are just very far left. But he needs more moments like this one. Do we have time to plate? You guys sought 22 more of this.


You know, I, I have to just interject If, you would turn off those cameras 'cause I don't want this. See the screen up there of me that's very severe. That comb over, that's a, that's a severe sucker. What's with that one? It looks okay from the other side, right? but that is very severe. I apologize man. I looked up there, I said, whoa, look at that. Wow. That's like a work of art.


Only look at that one. Don't look. That one looks Charming. Self-deprecating and funny. His positive that is more should be on full display. That is more substantive than anything you will hear about from Kamala Harris in the next three months. I promise you that. But even the fact that he can do that completely off the cuff in the middle of the speech. And it's funny, and you're right, it's self-deprecating. It shows that he's human or that that his mind is even thinking about that for the slightest degree as he sees it in the screen over there and he goes with all that. It is incredible. But somehow the man who is orange with the craziest hair plugs in the history of the world is more authentic than everyone on the other side.


The authors of the Matrix should be, you gotta tap your hat to them. Absolutely. I'll say he's got a smaller bandage on his right ear now. It's like a small tan one. And you still have the lunatics out there like Oberman saying he was never shot. So we'll leave you that with that on this lovely Monday afternoon. So much more to get to tomorrow. Dave Rubin, thank you. Always a pleasure. Good to see you, Megan and Thanks to all of you for tuning in today and every day. If, you wanna see our special coverage from yesterday. It's racking up the numbers still online. Go to youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and while I have you go to megan kelly.com, you can sign up there for my one email a week in which I tell you what happened. We posted a lot of fun behind the scenes content from the RNC.


Check it out. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.