
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Wow, what a day yesterday. President Trump currently in Qatar as part of his historic trip to the Middle East, where he's laying out a vision. I mean, he's laying out his foreign policy vision. It's incredible. You should definitely go and watch it on YouTube when You can. He, he soup to nuts, said what he believes and why he's doing the things he's doing, that he is after an era of peace and prosperity saying, I don't like war.


I mean, it seems like something you wouldn't have to say, but you kind of do. Given the history, let's be honest, of the Republican Party in recent years, it's already getting incredible results. We're gonna show you the highlights of the speech with the main, which the mainstream media is all but ignoring. I mean, it is very little coverage of this in Saudi Arabia. Meanwhile, this is like, this is a watershed moment. It seems pretty clear to me. This is a watershed moment for our country, the Republican party and the dawn of a new era, yes, his election, but this is him pointing the sails and letting us know where he's taking the United States. And it sounded amazing.


I mean, I was really moved by parts of what he said. It was a very honest assessment of some of the things we've done. It wasn't an apology tour like Barack Obama took. He wasn't saying he was sorry for anything, but he was free about criticizing prior US decisions without naming presidential names. I think out of deference to, you know, mostly George W. Bush, but also Obama to some extent as well. And he's no fan of Joe Biden. That was kind of mentioned too. Plus the Democratic party's going through hell week with the renewed focus on Joe Biden. They thought they were done with him, but now all these books come not letting it die. And the most lady latest, the most recent book is the one by Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson.


It's called Original Sin. And they're gonna be on this show on Tuesday. I'm actually really looking forward to this. Lemme just tell you something about it, because I know Jake personally, and I've told you guys before, we're friendly. I help him with his veterans charity and I respect the work he's done to help vets over the many years. You know, our politics are very, very different. But I respect him and I respect the work he does in that department, and I like him. But it's going to be a contentious interview because well all, you know, all the reasons why. And he knows that, okay? He knows that. I think he's looking forward to the opportunity to defend himself. So he's coming to the right place. Somebody who doesn't hate him, who knows all the criticisms about him writing this book, who will raise them?


Don't worry, I will. But am also interested in the contents of the book, unlike the Left, which doesn't wanna discuss them, or to the extent they do wanna discuss them, they only wanna use them to say, Kamala could have won Kamala, she would've had it in the bag had it not been for the evil Biden. Well, we have a different agenda, which is truth. Kamala would not have won if Biden had dropped out earlier. I have zero doubt about that. She's a uniquely horrible politician, and so I don't buy that spin. But I think Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson, and you know, I've been critical of him too, getting up there saying we missed it. You know, he says, I covered it, got this award, we, we didn't miss anything, right?


So we're gonna go over all that. There's nothing, there's no holds barred, there's nothing off the table. And I predict it will be the most interesting interview they give on their book day launch, which is again, this Tuesday. Joining me now for the full show today, guys, I know you love. And that's my friends from the Fifth column podcast. Camille Foster, editor at large at Tangle News, Michael Moynihan, host of Two Ways, the Moynihan Report and Matt Welsh of Reason Magazine, find their work and subscribe@wethefifth.com.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It is a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place because of its amazing water for boating, swimming, fishing, and drinking. Well, today clean water is endangered by toxic algae. Did you know that you may have heard of red tide or blue green algae? It can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, president Trump signed a law to solve the problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida. President Trump said, after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser, says that would be very good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project@evergladesfoundation.org.


Hi guys, great to have you. Hi Megan. Thanks for having us. So Do you think I'm doing the right thing by platforming Tapper and Thompson on their book? Absolutely. What are we even doing? You Know, you know how you love that term? It's thankfully it's 2025 and, and people have kind of quietly dropped that for the most part as a stupid criticism. Now you have like the New York Times and Ezra Klein like, Hmm, maybe we should talk to Steve Bannon after all. So yeah, you're doing the right thing and give him hell. And we, I would say, speaking for the three of us, we like and know Alex Thompson especially, but also Jake Tapper, and it should be a thorough going exchange of ideas.


Yes, I think it will be, and I no one's under any pretenses that it's going to be anything else. Right? It's like what I say about Jake and Alex and them writing this book. It, it goes out of this microphone. It's not like I'm just whispering it in Doug's ear. You know, I've been pretty open about my thoughts on, on the media coverup of Joe Biden's problems. So we'll do all that. But I will say, if you're looking forward to be done through a hateful lens where I just emerge with these two left in a puddle of blood, that that's not gonna happen. I, I mean, I will be respectful to them as I am to anybody who does me the courtesy of swinging by the podcast. You know, it's gonna be contentious, but it's gonna be robust and meaningful and honest and unsparing, but hopefully cordial in a way that makes them feel respected and, and glad they came, but makes the audience also glad they came by.


You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, You can also say that people were, shall we say, very, very slow on this story that over at the fifth column, we figured out in 2021, maybe 2020 before that maybe this guy's a little too old to be president, but I'll give, I'll give our friend Alex Thompson some credit because when he was doing it, you know, regardless of the speech at the correspondence dinner, which I didn't listen to the whole thing, so I can't really comment on, but he was telling us b off the record then, and I think on the record now, that he was like being attacked pretty brutally by people within the administration for the reporting that he was doing, starting in I think 2023 about the, see, I'm In interested in hearing that.


I, I'm Interested. So he's got a lot of stories about that. Yeah. Yeah. They went after him pretty Much. So that's the thing, you and I also do wanna hear the stories, like, as much as we're all like, oh my God, how's Jake Tapper writing a book about, you know, that I do wanna hear what Jake Tapper found, because I think he's probably got sources a lot closer to Joe Biden than I do, you know? So it's, it's almost like you need these media figures to do this to some extent, because not that we didn't know, but aren't you interested in the details of how bad it was was I am, I'm reading all these excerpts, not just from this book, but from 'em all the four voraciously. I'm like, I just feel so validated. I'm sure you guys feel it too. It's like, we new, right? And then now you get the specifics of how right you were.


Yeah, and I haven't read the book yet, so I, I feel a little bit at a disadvantage trying to comment on it. But I do plan to, and as, as the guys have mentioned, we've talked to Alex about this number of times during the period when he was getting a lot of criticism from outside. I mean, it's hard to understate the, the consequences of groupthink and its ability to make you not see things that you don't wanna see anyways. So that is almost certainly a huge part of what happened in dc. But from the excerpts that we read already, the coordinated effort on the part of the Biden administration to try and obscure the fact that the president was in fading health and just kind of waning in terms of his, his actual capacities towards the, towards the end, but really throughout his administration is one, again, not surprising to us, but is really revealing to, to kind of read out in the open like that the disagreements between George Clooney and others.


The, the kind of exercise of going through writing that letter, the fact that people were privately saying one thing about Joe Biden and what they knew was wrong and publicly saying quite another thing. It's not just politics as usual, or perhaps it is, but that should make one very cynical and deeply concerned. I think there's been a lot of kind of suggestion that the blame here is with the party who lied, or with the administration who lied. But as, as I, as we've all pointed out already, a lot of the blame is with the mainstream media who just did not do their jobs for whatever reasons. And those reasons are often complicated and can't simply be boiled down to, I don't think contempt for Republicans or conservatives more broadly, it's, it's a little bit more complicated than that, I think.


So this is what, what the value, I think the books bringing this book and the others, none of us is gonna soften on the media. I mean, I think that's the reality. Like we know we, anybody who's an independent journalist or right of center knows exactly what the media did with this story. We know, but I personally would like to see some sort of congressional investigation like it, an actual commission looking into what, who was president, how bad was it? Who covered up, who lied about the mental fitness of the sitting commander in chief who had access to the nuclear codes. We need like a serious, maybe even bipartisan commission to actually get to the bottom of this.


And so big books by Democrats and their media enablers are helpful in that particular regard. Like the left does need to be aware that, I know they were willing participants in the lie, but they need to be aware of just how bad it was. And, and this needs to be shoved down their throats so that they can't just be like, oh, it's backward looking, which is what they're saying now. Fuck you, and you're backward looking. We had a sitting president who was a vegetable, like, if we need an investigation, no, it's not, you can't just dismiss it and pretend like it didn't happen by saying backward looking. It's, it's here right now. And I realize it's brand damaging for the Democrats. I don't care if it has to be just a singular party investigation, then so be it. But we do need to get to the, to the bottom of it.


I wanna sh in line with what you just said, Camille, here's Jake Tapper speaking. You know, the, the book, they publish an excerpt in the New Yorker and the advanced copy was obtained by the Guardian, and Axios has a piece of it. That's where Alex Thompson's from. And so the news reports are already hitting. So Jake gave an interview on his own network, CNN, speaking to the lies, that was his word yesterday, SAT one. Well, Alex Thompson and I were on the case as were lots of other reporters trying to figure out what was going on behind the scenes. But the bottom line is the White House was lying not only to the press, not only to the public, but they were lying to members of their own cabinet.


They were lying to White House staffers. They were lying to Democratic members of Congress to donors about how bad things had gotten. And in fact, Alex and I started writing this book after the election of 2024, and we spoke with more than 200 people, most of whom, almost all of whom were Democrats, and almost all of whom wouldn't be honest with us, or wouldn't be candid with us until after the election. And then after the election, we found out all of these things that when you looked at what was going on with President Biden at the time, it probably doesn't surprise you the extent to which he was deteriorating. But now we have anecdotes and facts about what was really going on behind the scenes with details that Democrats wouldn't share with us until after election day.


Is anyone shocked? I mean, the, and let's keep in mind also that a lot of the quotes, at least that we've seen in the New Yorker piece are still anonymous, which like campaign campaign operatives said, and high profile Democrats said, we're not gonna get anywhere close to fixing the ills and the rot that allowed this to happen without some actual accountability and honesty. I think there's an interesting comp of a book that's out now, Megan, you interviewed David Zweig, as did we at the fifth column about his book, an Abundance of Caution, which looks back at why did we basically close schools when the rest of the world had figured out that we shouldn't during Covid boiling it down very quickly.


But the media was very complicit in that the elites were very complicit in that. And part of his approach and understanding is like, Hey, look, this can happen again in a different way. We need an autopsy of this so we can figure this out. Historians are gonna be looking at this for a long time, just as they did with FDRs 1944 election when he was dying of congestive heart failure with Woodrow Wilson having a stroke in the White House. We had Dr. Jill Biden chairing cabinet meetings, and then the ones, the few that Biden was chair, they, they put the names so that he, we need to know exactly the habits of mind that allowed that kind of delusion.


I'm reading the New Yorker story and I want to throw a brick through my own window. It's making me so insane infuriated, because what is happening here, this is less than 12 months ago, right? The her report is already out in February Yes. Saying that he's an old man and he's feeble the Wall Street Journal is doing good reporting, one of the only outfit outlets out there doing good reporting, and they are getting absolutely slammed by the Joe Scarboroughs of the world and a lot of other people besides on cable news and elsewhere as like, oh, well it's Murdock owned and they're bad and we can't be trusted. That we, we were literally talking 12 months ago about cheap fakes people who were in the audience when, when Joe Biden had no idea where he was, where Barack Obama is like guiding him off.


Oh, okay. This way. And when, when Fox News and other right of center organizations were pointing out like, wow, that looks bad. They're like, oh, that's, it's selectively edited cheap bakes. It is though those habits of mine among journalists, let alone Democrats, that we need to sort of re Lemme Show one And yeah, Lemme show one. Here's Brian Stelter. June 19th. June 19th, 2024. We are five days before the debate, which I I believe was June 24th if mem memory serves. But we are within days of the fall down debate. And here's Brian Stelter trying to dismiss all these terrible videos of Biden with his aggressively deteriorating decline.


Stop. 15. We've been worried for years about ai, deep fakes that computer-generated images are gonna trick people into believing something that's totally false. Cheap fakes are a little bit simpler. They're cheap, they're just distorted outta context. Videos chopped up in certain ways. That's what the Biden administration, the Biden campaign is so worried about right now. But make no mistake, they are worried about this. This is a real problem. This is not some made up fiction. The videos are oftentimes made up, but the problem is real. Oh my God. No, it's a made up problem. That's, that is in fact a made up problem, Brian, he said that. I'm sorry to point that out to you. Yeah, it's Amazing. He said that like, they actually were spinning the debate was Gen the 27th on CNN and elsewhere, not just there, Ms.


Of course, that really, the problem here is not at all Joe Biden, it's these terrible right wing, cheap fakes that are manufactured and not believable, fake videos of the alleged decline. It's incredible. This is, this is not long after that Clooney fundraiser, which is detailed in this new book, and yeah, it's horrifying. I mean, again, we knew that, we knew that. But more details about just how horrifying it was. And lemme just give you a couple and then I'll give it back to you in one hand. Highlights, Biden did not, did not recognize George Clooney at this June 15th fundraiser. And, and to me, it's so funny because this is of course what led George Clooney to be like, oh my God, God, he's really too far gone.


He doesn't know me. Everyone knows me. But I mean, in his defense, he is world recognizable. Okay, Biden hobbled out from around the corner, Clooney knew the president had just arrived from the G seven Leader Summit in Italy. And might be a little tired, but holy shit, he wasn't expecting this. I'm quoting here. The President appeared severely diminished as if he'd aged a decade since Clooney last saw him in December, 2022. He was taking tiny steps and AIDS seemed to be guiding him by the arm. It was like watching someone who was not alive recalled a Hollywood VIP. It was startling. We all looked at each other. It was so awful. Thank you for being here. The president said to guests as he shuffled past them, thank you for being here. Thank you for being here. Clooney felt a knot from form in his stomach as the President approached him.


Biden looked at him. Thank you for being here. Thank you for being here. You know, George, the assisting aide, told the president gently reminding him who was in front of him. Yeah, yeah. The president said to one of the most recognizable men, recognizable men in the world, the host of this lucrative fundraiser. Thank you for being here. Hi, Mr. President Clooney said, how are ya? The President replied, how was your trip? Clooney asked. Fine. The president said, it seemed clear that the President had not recognized George Clooney. It was not okay. Recalled the Hollywood VIP who had witnessed the moment. That thing, the moment where you recognize someone, you know, especially a famous person who's doing a fucking fundraiser for you.


It was delayed. It was uncomfortable. George Clooney, the eight clarified for President Biden. Oh yeah. Biden said, hi. George Clooney was shaken to his core, by the way. He would not come out with his story until after that debate, until after it was clear. Joe Biden was imploding and wouldn't step aside, he's a fucking coward. Sorry. A lot of F-bombs. My apologies. The president hadn't recognized him. A man he had known for years. And then they go on to say, other June 15th, LA fundraiser. Attendees were also concerned. They described Biden as slow and almost catatonic. There were obvious brain freezes and clear signs of a mental slide.


It was, to some of them, quote, terrifying Obama who was there, decided that the fault lay with Biden's busy schedule. But Obama would come to realize the scheduling was not the fundamental problem. Okay, go ahead one Ann. Well, I love the, I love the included detail that he's known George Clooney for years. It's George Clooney. He could have known him for five minutes. It's like the guy's in Oceans 11. It's not like Philip Michael Thomas from Miami Vice or something. It's George Clooney. You can't recognize that you can't run for president. It's done. It's over. It's funny too, by the way, is it pointing out this like BC and ad thing about the debate?


I looked this morning at a bunch of stuff from after the debate, immediately after the debate, Biden calls in to Joe Scarborough, like a, a phone call in the you. I please listeners to the Meg Kelly show. Go find these. 'cause everybody, there was David Fcon flick on NP and they were like, Biden came back roaring. He was full of them and he was angry. And it's like, so the Teddy Ruxbin doll wasn't repeating, thanks for being here. Thanks for being here. He got angry for about five minutes and they were like, I think it's, I think it's done. But the best thing about this and, and you know, to Alex Thompson and Jake Tabbers book, you know, you to do this reporting of what's going on behind the scenes, you can't do in the way that they've done or appears the way I've done.


I haven't, I haven't read the books. I've read the excerpts in real time. You do it afterwards, you do the reporting, you figure out what happens. So that is incredibly useful. But what is also useful, and I am maybe alone in this, is I'm happy that the press did what they did. I'm a thousand percent happy and overjoyed by it. And the reason is, is because I have eyes. I have a television set, I have ears, I have the internet, and all of us fucking knew this. It, it's not like, yeah, they were hiding something that we couldn't see. So we saw it. So what is the result of this? Well, we see that the people that are stumping for him in, in the media are doing something.


They're lying directly to you. And they're saying you're seeing it's gaslighting something that you're not saying, you're gaslighting me. It's true gaslighting. I'm Happy because it's not like we wouldn't have known this otherwise. We knew it. You know, there was a poll in 2021, 2021 going to eight months after Biden became president of, I think it was a pupil, an American saying that he wa they didn't think he was very sharp. That he had lost a few steps. I can't remember the the phrasing of the question, but the thing that makes everybody angry, it makes people maybe come to the Meg Kelly show and get pissed off at the media is not that there's saying, all right, well, you know, I think he can, he can tough it out. It's the fact that Joe Scarborough said in May of last year, I've never seen him better.


The best. This is the best I've ever seen him. When did you meet Best? I've never meet him two Days before. Like, whatcha talking about the best you've ever seen me's falling asleep on stage? He said, no one anyone is. It's like, I feel bad for the guy, but you're saying it's the best that he's ever been. Am I, here's a little more, a little more. They say in this book that Biden's limitations got worse throughout his presidency and he was worse in private than he was in public. You mean it wasn't true when Corin Jean Pierre and the others were saying, and Jen Psaki, they couldn't keep up with him behind the sea? I'm shocked. Shocked. But still I enjoy reading it. The real issue they write wasn't his age per se.


It was the clear limitations of his abilities, which got worse throughout his presidency. I mean, I agree with that. 'cause President Trump is, you know, 79 years old and he's doing just fine. What the public saw of his functioning was concerning what was going on in private was worse. While Biden on a day in day out basis could certainly make decisions and assert some wisdom and act as president, there were sev several significant issues that complicated his presidency. A limit to the hours in which he could reliably function, and an increasing number of moments when he seemed to freeze up, lose his train of thought, forget the names of top aids or momentarily not remember friends he had known for decades, not to mention impairment to his ability to communicate one's unrelated to his lifelong stutter.


An unnamed democratic strategist says, Biden stole an election from the de party and guaranteed Trump's victory. It was an abomination. Said this strategist abomination. He stole an election from the Democratic Democratic Party. He stole it from the American people. And then they go on to say, one of the people he forgot, he didn't forget his name, but he forgot why he was calling him, was Chuck Schumer. Then the Senate majority leader, sometimes the president would call him and after some chitchat, admit, I'm quoting here, that he had forgotten why he called. Sometimes he rambled, sometimes he forgot names. Schumer wasn't concerned about Biden's acuity, but he was worried about the optics.


Biden talked sluggishly. His voice was not just slower, but oddly quieter, reminding Schumer of his mother who had had Parkinson's. His gait was slower. And Schumer gets asked about this on tv CNN yesterday in sought six. Listen here, I'm interested to know whether the man that you saw sitting there on that couch on that day, you were in there, you saw him up close and personal. Did you really not have any idea that he was not fit to serve a second term? Casey? We're looking forward. We have the largest Medicaid cut in front of us. We have the Coles federal go.


We're facing All of, because you lost a presidential election. And is that not Joe Biden's responsibility for deciding to run again? We're looking forward. Forward. That's it. That's it. Oh, alright. Senator Chuck Schumer. I know you gotta go. I appreciate your time today. Thank you. We'll see you soon, I hope. Thank You. Take care. Oh my God. Is that gonna fly? I mean this another reason why I like the books being out. It's go, it is leading to some awkward moments where Democrats are being as Democrat on Democrat blood. Right? Like de on de violence, Camille. Well, there's so much culpability to go around here. I mean, you could talk about Joe Biden's responsibility and the fact that he shouldn't have run and that his administration tried to protect him.


But Schumer and other prominent Democrats were well aware of Joe Biden's deficit totally, very, very early on. We were having conversations about this back in 2016. To be totally frank, there were questions about his ability to keep up with this job, to do this job, to run an effective campaign. He did manage to squeak one out prior, but four years later, no one was surprised when he couldn't really do it. Had Schumer had the courage to say something, the opportunity to get get to field a better candidate wasn't after a debate. It was during the primaries and they didn't do anything. You heard radio silence from the, from, from prominent Democrats. I don't wanna hear any of the nonsense about, well, he's the president, he gets to make the call. You people are supposed to be in leadership positions.


You're supposed to be dedicating yourselves to a life of service. And if you see someone who is clearly incapable of doing the job in a meaningful and serious way, fielding this person anyway is going to have consequences for your party. As it well should. You should be out of power. You should find yourself in the wilderness for a period of time and certain people should probably get fired. Speaking of de on damn blood, Chuck Todd weighed in on Chuck Schumer as follows. Shot seven. He is among the people that are responsible for this, the leaders of the Democratic Party, the staff of the White House. And I have to say, I find everybody now talking to these authors, get outta here.


Go home. You are part of the problem. Now you tell us. So I, I just, and I find you know the reason why the Democratic Party has less credibility today. Here's an unpopular president and the Democratic Party has a worse rating than the Republican party with this catastrophic governance that we've seen over the last 120 days. And yet, why is the Democratic Party in worse shape because of this distrust? Because of this, frankly, what the public feels as if the party leadership let them down and let them let this happen, he's as responsible as anybody else. He was a leader in the party. He could have said something sooner. What does Jonah think? If Only Chuck shot Chuck Todd had a show last year.


He could have talked about It. They worked at Baskin and Robins or something during the first administration. It's like, dude, you're a fucking TV show. Sorry, I'm swearing. It's, but it's, It's More Lightning Mohan. It's, Thanks for telling us now. Thanks for telling us. Now you're, I know you don't have a show anymore, but you did then. I mean, this is insane. And also the Chuck Schumer thing, which I love. I mean the, the, what journalists have to do, and again, let's just ignore the fact that they ignored it in the past, just for a second and say, yes, it's your job right now to prosecute the case against the current democratic leadership, especially somebody like Chuck Schumer and push them on this. Tell the American people what you did. Tell the American people why you handed that election to Donald Trump.


You know, I think he probably would've won anyway. I mean, depending on, I don't think the Democrats could have run a candidate that would've beaten Trump. I mean, won the popular vote, et cetera. But at the same time, it's like he says, we gotta move forward. We gotta move forward. I mean, imagine being on trial for murder and going in front of the judge and it's like, I don't know, your honor. I just wanna move forward with everything. I don't wanna dwell on that thing that I did. It's like, no, you have to, I like to live in the present. I don, but my therapist says that's what's best for me. It minimizes my stress levels. It's amazing. I mean actually like Chuck Todd is gonna go along with this, this fake gaslighting. Again, that word gets overused, but it's truly what's happening with the Biden decline. They were actually saying, don't believe you're lying eyes don't believe you're lying ears.


He's fine. You're being lied to by cheap fake videos that aren't real. And now that you know, all of us who said that's bullshit. He's deteriorating, have been validated and confirmed to be right, they're saying, we can't believe we were lied to. These are lies. They're to blame. They're to blame. Except the fundamental promise with a problem, with that position is that half of us in the media ecosystem, those who are independent and or right-leaning all saw it and reported on it. It cannot be a coverup if half of the journalistic ecosphere saw it and reported on it.


Right. Like the fact that the first half is now pretending they never saw and are outraged because they were lied to, doesn't excuse them because they've uttered the words coverup. That's what's so galling about the dynamic at play here. Also, like we going back, you know, it's not just half of the media ecosystem. It's two thirds of Americans in 2022. It's too old. More than half of registered democrats consistently said as of 2022, dude is too old. Yeah, we should have other people running for president. That would be a better thing to do. Yeah. And so the, I mean, Kyle Smith, the great movie reviewer for Nash review, mostly street journalists.


I love him. He's great. Had a a comment yesterday in the wake of all of this, tweeted out something like, you know, I guess there's a market for books where journalists try to figure out what Americans already concluded two years ago. That's a little weird part of what Chuck Dott, I've seen him in the past, you know, I'm glad that he's on his discovery tour. It's ELO 1979 here. But it's, part of it is that he, he's one of the people who have said, and I've heard this a lot, like, you know, I can't believe that the, I, I trusted the insiders who told me he was doing well. I couldn't believe that they Would. I I feel burned. No, dude.


Like there's, when you are critiquing and covering power, and this is true of critiquing and covering Donald Trump as well, different stories, set of stories. But you can't just take the word of people who are very near the throne of power that they're, that they're not going to be operating according to their own sort of response to the incentives of wielding that power. You have to treat all of that with skepticism. You have to treat, like, I love the unnamed person who said that Biden totally screwed us. They left the unnamed person named David Ploof. That's who that was. Yeah, yeah. Met my life savings, which admittedly isn't that much that, that was David Plu. And of course he's the guy who squandered a billion dollars trying to elect Kamala Harris by not having her give a single litter.


So true. I mean, he's been, he, I have to say David ppl has been pretty rich in these excerpts of the book. Like they ed us. They absolutely effed us. Of course, he's looking to pass the blame on his colossal historic loss. His absolutely terrible implosion as he tried to sell this lady Happened during his gotta take responsible for what happened in your administration. Yes, you do. You gotta take responsibility for what happened in your campaign too. Pluff tried to sell that lady to us as the next Obama, right? He's liar to him. I'm sorry, but like his gaslighting is just as bad as the others. Like we could have done it if we had more than 107 days.


No, you had honestly, one of the, probably the worst presidential candidate in US history. Sarah Palin looked like an Einstein next to that total moron you tried to sell to us. You know, one, one thing I think is important to, to mention here with respect to like the correspondence association and the speech that that ox gave there, is that, that they're them finding religion and him saying clearly we ma we missed the mark here. We made some mistakes. It's not obvious they don't have to do this. There's a, a world where you just try to ignore this when you just don't talk about it anymore. That's the world that we live in when it comes to a lot of the mistakes made during the pandemic.


That's the world that we live in when it comes to the insanity of 2020 from period. That's, that's a good point. May on through the end of the year, in fact, right up to January when we had some similar craziness on the right, which we, we seem to imagine happened in a vacuum. But no, we all kind of lost our minds there. And we do not talk about it. We don't talk about the political failure, we don't talk about the failure of the media during those periods. Those are things that happen and have still continued to happen. So the fact that people are actually talking about this, that some of them are even willing to look in the mirror, accept some responsibility for having gotten this wrong, is important and worthwhile to bear in mind. And again, it's why I say that I think it's a little more complicated than just saying, well, it's obvious, you know, political bias is what motivated this well, political bias is motivating that other thing too, at least in part.


But we don't talk about it at all anymore. So I do think that especially that what you suggested earlier, Megan, an actual inquiry from this officially formally something bipartisan and trustworthy, something that's transparent, that's more interested in getting at what the hell happened than just finding someone to blame is really valuable and would be valuable for all of the aforementioned things We did. What you wanted us to do in part, and we found President Biden calling into Morning Joe the day after. Oh great. That June debate. Oh boy, here we go. Let's a listen. Fiery Joe. Yeah, I am not going anywhere. I wouldn't be running if I didn't absolutely believe that I'm the best candidate to beat Donald Trump in 2024.


We had a democratic nominating process where the voters spoke. Clearly I won 14 million of those votes, et cetera. So I I I, I just want, I'm, I'm not only believe that from the beginning, but I wanted to reassert it and demonstrate that it's too, and I'm gonna be doing that all through this week and from here on. So we, we, we noted yesterday that it was quite a contrast. Alright, well that didn't have the piece in it, but you got it. He was calling in to do his rehab tour and they rolled out the red carpet for that. I mean, anybody who watched the Megan Kelly show the night of the debate, we did live coverage immediately after, knows I said, within seconds of popping up on YouTube live, his presidential campaign is over.


And SiriusXM two, it's o it ended tonight. No matter what they tell you, no matter what happens, he's out. He will not be the nominee. And what you had on M-S-N-B-C was that, and you had, it was a bad night. Everyone has a bad night, which was the official line that Kamala Harris used, and Obama used, and Joe Biden eventually used, and all of his enablers pushed the same bullshit cover for him lies until they started to get the first polling back, which showed the American people had had it. You know, to your point earlier, they knew, they knew for years and then their noses were rubbed in it by Joe Biden live. And they were done pretending that it was a possibility he could do it.


We, I remember Matt and I, I know were together the night of that night of that debate at a friend's apartment. A bunch of other people. Yeah, they, yeah. I mean, we were, we were, there was a lot of people there. And I had had, think about 17 vodka sodas. I was, I was pretty well in. And I just remember looking, the crowd was looking across like, I mean, it was a pretty bipartisan crowd. People was like, what is going on? And right when he said, I killed Medicare, I was like, no, you just killed your campaign buddy. We finally beat Medicare. We finally beat Medicare. It's like you beat your campaign to death. Oh, we have That point hand my team cut that. They knew you were coming and baked this cake here. It's my favorite bit.


That's fantastic. Yeah. All those things we need to do. Childcare, elder care, making sure that we continue to strengthen our healthcare system. Making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the covid, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with, look, look, if we finally beat Medicare, thank you, president Biden, president Trump, He was right. He did beat Medicare. He beat it to death. And he's destroying Medicare because all of these people are coming in. They're putting him on Medicare Trump's no dummy.


Oh My God. Vic by the way, good Talk. I heard you, We've been over on the fifth column. We've been critical of Trump a lot recently. Trade war stuff, particular. But let's go back and say something positive about him. He was, everyone said, you know, he can't restrain himself. He restrained himself. Oh yeah. In such an amazing way during that. I know in the best, most subtle line, and it's not, it's not even that subtle, but for t Trump is subtle. When he said, I don't even know what he said, I don't think he knows what he said. And that was it. It, that Was Amazing. Moved on. It's like, wow. Yeah, that was actually brilliantly done. Look at this one. Okay, the same debate. People forget this happened. Now w watch this exchange with the understanding that also revealed in this book, the Tapper Thompson book, is the fact that his aids were having serious discussions about how he needed to move into a wheelchair.


But they knew they couldn't move him into a wheelchair even though he needed to during the campaign. That it, it just had to wait until he won reelection. They had already done the short stairs on Air Force one, they'd switched him over to the sneakers. They were shortening the walks he had to do publicly. They were trying to put more handrails wherever he had to do stairs or wherever he could get them in general. And on top of all that, they recognized that he was gonna need to go into a wheelchair. He was having, among other problems, severe deterioration in his spinal column, which they lied about and said was an ankle problem. They wouldn't reveal that he had severe arthritis and degeneration in his back. So it just, all part of the lies, nothing could be just, no one could be honest even about a physical deterioration, which isn't, you know, ar ar arguably as concerning as a mental In any event.


So watch, that's the conversation they were having behind the scenes. As you watch this clip, Look, I'd be happy to have a driving contest with him. Reem, I got my handicap, which when I was vice president down to a six. And by the way, I told you before, I'm happy to play golf. If you carry your own bag, I think You can do it. That's the biggest lie that he's a six handicap of all. I was an eight, handicap eight. But I have, you know, how many, how I've seen you swing. I know you swing. Let's act children. President Trump, we're going 20. Let's not act like children. Oh God.


Incredible. Trump is saying, let's not act like children. I love, I've seen his swing is the best line in the history of presidential debate. I've seen that swing. And by the way, he's like, you know, I have a handicap. But it's like, no, clearly you do. And it's not, I mean if you're talking about golf apparently, but that kind of whispering thing, and it's funny because you go back and you try to remember what he was like in like 2021. It's like, was it? And you know, you realize something, Megan, you had on's Play some as Mohan speaks. Let's play some Voss. Let's please play VV one, him falling at Air Force graduation V two repeatedly falling up the stairs onto Air Force one. Oh, You can narrate this if you want. Yeah, yeah.


You talk and we'll, we'll watch. You can Joe Down. He Goes, there he goes. Let's see, man, he got shot there. Oh my God, it looks like it. No, the the, he he should get up with, you know, his hand in a clenched fist. No, I, you, you've had on this show, Megan, one of America's greatest and most underrated comedians. Kyle Dunnigan, who does hands down the best. Joe Biden impression in Kyle Dunnigan impression in 2021 was Joe Biden not being able to say a coherent sentence. And if you're a comedian and it doesn't ring true, it doesn't work. So if it's clearly you, like we forget about the fact that even Dana Carvey too is doing that impression of him like just rambling and mumbling in 2021.


And it's like, you can't do those impressions if that wasn't the person that we were seeing every Day. And also I Know told, oh God, It's crazy. And remember too, I mean some of us are old enough to remember Joe Biden when he was just a, a yappy senator, right? Yappy, plagiarist. And be pla too. But he was, he was yappy. He would, he would love to hold court and talk and come on, man. And I know this, we gotta split Iraq into three different provinces and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's not the Westberg guy. The New Yorker, the New Yorker piece. The excerpt was infuriating. Also, shout out to the great filmmaker Steven Spielberg and the whatever he is, Jeffrey Katzenberg, because in the year of our Lord 2024, they were out there adjusting the microphone levels.


They wanted to make sure that he didn't sound like he was, which is a guy like this now, the opposite of what he used to be. Whatcha doing, right? You, you people are great filmmakers. Spielberg is, and you're trying to basically use the magic of Hollywood cinematic arts to pull a fast one over on the American public. That ain't cool. Super. Not cool. You know, there's a thing that we do with if we love our olders and our elders, you know, which is when grandpa says he's, he can still drive as Biden was asserting Joe Scarborough. You say, well, you can't so give the keys.


My sainted mother, who is sharp as attack, she's voluntarily stopped driving because she's a moral person and thought like, oh, maybe I'm, I'm losing it just a tiny little bit. You don't expect morality from presidents or the power seeker because they're gonna be mad with power. But the wife, Dr. Jill, at any given time could have said, you know what, my husband's old, maybe he needs a nap on the beach. And she didn't. By all accounts, she was right there in the middle. He is fit as a fiddle. That is real. She a Giselle Fetterman, you know, propping him up. She wanted to be in the limelight. It was all about her and her. You know, she loved being First Lady loved it.


And she loved that more than she loved her husband. And shame on her. She should know better as a doctor. She's a doctor. Don't talk about a doctor That way. She's definitely a doctor. She's, I know. What am I doing? Here's another gift for, for you. This is from this show on in April of 2022. Vladimir puke is not, not, not puking. The the guy, the guy who out the shirt, man, he's a bad dude. He's a liar, man. Not to be trusted. So I, I don't believe a a word that guy says, he's like, he's like corn pop some guys in, in, in the world, man.


You just, you can't yeah. Can't trust him, man. Hey, hey, did you, did you share my pants or did I, what? What Happened when you, you seem to call for regime change earlier this week. Something that is not US policy and actually could place other world leaders, including men like yourself in danger. Why'd you do that? Huh? Well, what did I do? You said it, you said it, pal. I didn't say nothing about I love that last line. It's Kyle Dungan regime.


You did it. You said it. Oh, amazing. Oh my God, That's amazing. He's so talented. And, but yeah, amazing. Like, that was 2022 and Oh yes, it did go back early. But I'm just saying like, they, so somehow, like Jake Tapper wasn't able to figure it out, but Al but Kyle Dunnigan had it. Like he, he had it, you know, like that's the problem with all of these books. Like, gee, there were some even lay people without a journalist's smell for deception, who's, who managed to put two and two together. That's, that's why, that's why actually the New York Post is reporting today that Thompson and Tapper have hired a crisis PR agent.


Not confirmed by us, but that's what the New York title, New York Post is reporting. They have a PR agent through their publishing house and, sorry, political, not the Post, and that they've hired have to, had to hire this other woman who does crisis pr. It's actually kind of funny 'cause I was, I, I remember seeing her name. She's, she's done PR work. Her name is Risa Heller. She's done, she's repped Jeff Zucker during a CNN downfall. Anthony Wiener and Jeffrey Dubin. So I don't think she's very good. I think that Wiener Toin combo takes on wiin on s like a specialty. Quite literally the hard cases. But, alright, Wait, I have one more for you.


One more for you. Wa watch and love. Okay. Tra Trump. It's so stunning, so terrific. Tra Trump. Trump, you got, look, look, you gotta vote for me. You gotta vote chase. You gotta vote For he, he goes on and go, you gotta do it. You gotta do it. Trans, trans Trump again said, if, if you get anything, something, Do you think win The best comic in America? I said to him, do you, do you think he could win one of these contests Mr. Trump? Because I, you know, with all due respect, you don't seem like the most beautiful of the ladies who are in this pageant. And he Says, there She goes again. Me Kelly attacking me. She, She's a nasty lady.


Okay, back to that debate of June of 2024. There was no better story coming out about when that happened than when Art of the Surge launched on the Tucker Carlson network done by his former executive producer who put together a behind the scenes multi episode look at the Trump campaign, including in Butler, Pennsylvania, and had all sorts of like, great nuggets. You hadn't seen any place else. I mean, Butler among them, but they were there with Team Trump during the June debate and they got on camera, the behind the scenes reaction with Laura Trump. Ben Carson. Lindsey Graham was there.


JD Vance is in it, and the, You can see the jaws fall open. We pulled it back up. Here it is. I does not sound good right Now. So We'll see. Press price of positive to $15 for, for a insulin shot as opposed to $400. No senior has to pay more than $200 for any drug. All the drugs they conclude beginning next year, his debt, we'd be able to help make sure that all those things we need to do. Childcare, elder care, making sure that we continue to suppress, strengthen our healthcare system, making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the Covid.


Excuse me, Carson. Stunned. Everything we have to do is come on, Laura Trump, if We Finally beat Medicare, Thank you. President Biden. President Trump. What the fuck she says She, oh man, I've never seen that. That's incredible. You've never seen seen that. That is so good. The look of concern on many of their faces. Yeah. I mean, you wouldn't think that their guy was in trouble, but No. Right. They're just watching Joe Biden implode and cannot believe it. I I was kind of watching. They had a human similar they reaction first before they had a partisan reaction. They had a human reaction. Yeah. Oh my God. Get happen, happen mad.


Yeah. Like I, I remember wondering if he might die on stage like it was Yes, it was that bad. Whew. Mi Michael mentioned the, the party that we were at to watch it after 20 minutes. And this is people who are way too politically engaged in New York. Bipartisan after 20 minutes. It was so until towards Kamala. Yeah. That people left to go to Yeah. In the back of the room. Yeah. Because they couldn't face it like it was upsetting as America. We're laughing now because we like to laugh, but it's, it's genuinely upsetting when the president of the United States is not there and you realize you've been lied to and that he's been not there for a long time. How did we get there? That's, it's terrifying. I, I wasn't upset.


I was like, every hair on the back of my neck stood up like, holy. Oh my God. It's happening. It's happening. Live like it's every, we'd been enjoying the debate as a family with some friends and then it was like, shut up. Everyone shut up. Like, you know, like you're kind of watching with one eye. You can, You can miss a long discussion on Medicare, but it was like, everyone be quiet. Even my kids were like, what's wrong with him? What's wrong? It was just one of those moments. Okay, there's a lot more to discuss. I do wanna get to what Trump said in Saudi Arabia Because it was really telling and it's already lighting up the Republican party. And I'll tell you how fifth column is here. The whole show. What a treat. Don't go away


this July, there's a global summit of bricks, nations in Rio Dig Janeiro, the block of emerging superpowers or so they hope to be including China, Russia, India and Iran are meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling it the real reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans. Some worry, global demand for US dollars could decrease bringing down the value of those dollars that are in your savings while this transition, if it happens, will not happen overnight. The Rio Reset could mark a pivotal moment. So learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands, tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today.


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


So Trump goes to Saudi Arabia, he gets a king like welcome, which they're no dummies. They know exactly what he loves and how to soften him up. And I mean, it worked and it's, I guess it's working both ways because Trump is announcing major investments into the United States and even cooperation on defense spending with the Saudis. Now he's claiming it's some 600 billion or possibly more others are suggesting it's less than that. But definitely there's been some investment here. He is the the okay but all that to the side because it's good to get money given to us by other countries.


But Trump laid out his foreign policy vision like once and for all in a 40 minute speech that was well delivered and had the Saudis clapping for him over and over and over. Now my pals over at commentary who've proudly described themselves as neocons were not clapping. They were unhappy this morning as I listened to just a bit of their show. 'cause I'm curious to see what, you know, what, what their reaction is not happy. And Trump took direct aim at neocons and sort of talked about repeatedly, it's the dawn of a new day. And we are not going to be treating enemies as enemies, just for old times sake. We're gonna reevaluate everyone because what we want is prosperity and economic cooperation and no more chaos.


And went on about how he doesn't like war. Here's a little bit to kick us off South 22, Yet I'm here today, not merely to condemn the past chaos of Iran's leaders, but to offer them a new path and a much better path toward a far better and more hopeful future. As I've shown repeatedly, I am willing to end past conflicts and forge new partnerships for a better and more stable world, even if our differences may be very profound, which obviously they are. In the case of Iran, I have never believed in having permanent enemies. I am different than a lot of people think. I don't like permanent enemies, but sometimes you need enemies to do the job and you have to do it right, enemies get you motivated.


In fact, some of the closest friends of the United States of America are nations we fought wars against in generations past. And now they're our friends and our allies. Let me give you one more shot, 24. The transformations have been unbelievably remarkable before our eyes. A new generation of leaders is transcending the ancient conflicts of tired divisions of the past and forging a future where the Middle East is defined by commerce, not chaos, where it exports technology, not terrorism, and where people of different nations, religions and creeds are building cities together, not bombing each other out of existence.


We don't want that. Okay, I lied. I got, I got, lemme just go through this 'cause I'm setting it up. What, what his message was. So he follows up on that. No more bombing each other, right? Like, let's cooperate, let's have cooperation and not chaos and commerce and not chaos. So 26, As I said in my inaugural address, my greatest hope is to be a peacemaker and to be a unifier. I don't like war. We have the greatest military, by the way, in the history of the world. And I rebuilt our military in my first four years and rebuilt it into the most powerful military there is.


And you saw that when I knocked out Isis in three weeks. People said it would take four years, five years I did it. We did it in three weeks. Just days ago, my administration successfully brokered a historic ceasefire to stop the escalating violence between India and Pakistan. And I used trade to a large extent to do it. I said, fellas, come on, let's make a deal. Let's do some trading. Let's not trade nuclear missiles. Classic Trump, the negotiator can sees everything is a possible deal. That that's been his approach domestically, it's been his approach to foreign policy. And last but not least here is the shout out against the neocons.


So 25, The Leaming Marvels of Riyadh and Abu Dhabi were not created by the so-called nation builders, neocons or liberal nonprofits like those who spent trillions and trillions of dollars failing to develop cabal Baghdad, so many other cities. Instead, the birth of a modern Middle East has been brought by the people of the region themselves, the people that are right here, the people that have lived here all their lives, developing your own sovereign countries. In the end, the so-called nation builders wrecked far more nations than they built.


And the interventionalists were intervening in complex societies that they did not even understand themselves. That last one is so big and to me is so right on. I have to say, like I, I was almost standing on my feet cheering for it because I feel like when I was on Fox News, all we did was cheerlead these wars, you know, and kind of dismiss or expressed disdain for people who had serious questions about them, most of whom were Democrats. And in retrospect, you know, with the benefit of all this hindsight that was wrong, like we, we cheer led ourselves right into two forever wars in which we expended countless lives, blood and treasure.


And for what, you know, now we have the benefit of hindsight to look back and say, for what, yes, there was some good ISIS is no more, and we didn't get attacked again domestically for 20 years. That you cannot say that's nothing. But I think like a lot of the troops who were over there, I I have serious questions about whether any of it was worth it or whether that thing should have ended when, when George W. Bush declared mission accomplished after the opening bombing campaign in Afghanistan period, and not 20 more years and not Iraq and on and not all that stuff. So to hear the sitting president, a Republican, right, 24 years later, I mean truly like officially declare it a failure and say we're going in a different direction.


We cannot nation build the greatest nations that have thrived over that time period have thrived thanks to their own ingenuity. Yes, America has supported Saudi Arabia in, in large measure, but he's saying thanks to yourselves, your your desire to improve your community, not thanks to the great hand of America that came in and tried to impose democracy on you. And it's just to me like a, a before and after line where he's declared the past approach over and not successful. And it's him saying, this is the dawn of a new day. We're taking the world in a new direction. Says, you know, the, the head of the greatest superpower on earth still for now, what are your thoughts?


I think some of that was, is aspirational, you know, at the dawn of a new day. It's possible, like it's possible You can get a deal done with Iran, which would be great, but a lot of people have thought such things were possible in the past. So I think you're right to point out that this is kind of a, a needle scratch on American policy. And that also it is refreshing to hear someone say that like, nation building didn't work. I do have questions about, of course Trump can't just leave it there, right? He does name names he named Biden in particular. And it is weird, I'm old enough to remember nine 11 that 15 of the 19 hijackers came from Saudi Arabia.


They were there is that, it's not a small thing. The Wahabi ideology or strain of Islam is baked in Saudi Arabia. The family of Bin Laden was, But but wait, can I slow? Yeah, I don't have my finger on the pulse of Saudi Arabia. I readily confess. But there have been reforms there. They, the, they really have been pushing a crackdown on Jihadism over there and trying to send the message, you know, the king and the crown prince no more of that shit. Like they are trying to turn a page into more of an economic based society without so many radicals, you know, festering the jihad in, in the ranks.


But keep going. That's true. And they are also still one of the most dictatorial regimes in the planet. They repeatedly come in the bottom 20, oftentimes the bottom 10 on people who measure stuff such stuff. And That's not Yes, yes. Don't want, I don't want us to to bomb them. I don't want us, I No, No, no, no. But wait, this is an important point because this is another before and after moment pivot point because we, one of the reasons we got ourselves involved in so many conflicts around the world is because we have approached the world as we are this superpower and we know better we will be the arbiter of who's committing human rights violations.


And frankly, we, we haven't been wrong, you know, I mean in most of these businesses we're totally right. It's not like the Chinese Uyghurs are having a great life and we should just look the other way though we are right? So like there are real human rights violations happening in other countries, but Trump also offered a new entry point on thinking about that. Here it is, in SAT 22 B In recent years, far too many American presidents have been afflicted with the notion that it's our job to look into the souls of foreign leaders and use US policy to dispense justice for their sins. They loved using our very powerful military.


And now it's really the most powerful it's ever been. We just are getting a budget approved $1 trillion highest budget we've ever had in history for military $1 trillion. And we're getting the greatest missiles, the greatest weapons. And you know, I hate, I hate to do it, but you have to do it because we believe in peace through strength. You have to have the strength. Otherwise bad things could happen. But hopefully we'll never have to use any of those weapons. I believe it is God's job to sit in judgment, my job, to defend America and to promote the fundamental interest of stability, prosperity, and peace.


That's what I really wanna do. So I only believe this, I'll give you the floor, but I just wanna say one other thing. I really believe this because Trump came under fire for doing deals with Saudi Arabia and being open to Saudi Arabia after the, the murder of Jamal Khashoggi reporter, American reporter. And the, the messaging back from the administration at the time was basically like, we, we don't love it. Okay? We don't love it, but we actually need to get along with them for all sorts of reasons, not least of which is we have a mutual foe and that's Iran and y you know, like Trump all along is the deal maker. You know, he looks and he is like, it's not great, I don't love it, but it's more important to me that at the 30,000 foot level we're getting along with them because they can be helpful to the United States and not getting along with them is too big a disaster.


Okay, now I'm done. Go ahead. I wish that he would've put it like that, Meghan. Instead he says, you are great and the crown prince super great, one of the greatest man I've ever seen blow smoke up is he did skirt. He said that. And I don't like that as an American, I just don't, especially at a time when you are praising their record and their friendship and you are also acting kind of like a dick to Denmark, which is an actual ally because we want green lint for some reason, you're, you're referring to Canada as the 51st state. So yeah, we're gonna be totally friends with everybody and we might act like a jerk if you are in our hemisphere and in our sphere of interest. So of course it's gonna be inconsistent. I loved his last line and you rightly pointed out that, you know, let God sit in judgment.


My job is to protect the United States. That is the national interest. That is the job of the President. And I think too many presidents, and he is right to point to this out as, as are you. And I would just point out that libertarians are, in addition to Democrats, have been skeptical of many of those wars. Yes. I mean engagements. Yes. And I like the libertarians better, so I shouldn't have left them off the list list. There's not many anyways. But I, the one Saudi Arabia has always been skilled for 80 years in a bipartisan way, though tilting more towards Republicans of inserting themselves into American national interests, whether they need to be there or not. So they're, you know, they're hosting the Ukraine, Russia talks, do they have a, a direct interest in that? Not really, but they know that Trump cares about that. And I think you're also right, and I think this is very underrated about Donald Trump.


I think he is very sincere about wanting his legacy to be as a peacemaker. I think he sincerely has a revulsion towards war and people who are like to dismiss Donald Trump. And I criticize him every waking hour of my life in my head at least they underrate that he's sincere about that, whether he's going about it the right way, whether he's going to lead to that vision that he sketches out. Completely different question. But it is interesting, and we should take I think him a little bit at, at his word because it's consistent with what Marco Rubio told you at the first week of this presidency and what the, what the United States foreign policy wing has been doing in the second Trump administration. You guys remember when Hillary Clinton tried to press that big reset button over in, in Russia and it was spelled wrong and it was a disaster, you know, it was a nightmare.


She was Barack Obama's secretary of state and she completely fumbled it. They were looking for a reset with the Russians, like, let's be friends again. That's what this is only, it's sincere and it has the potential to actually be effective. I mean, Trump's basically saying, we don't can, can we just get along, like literally saying it to everybody like Iran, like we don't wanna bomb you, we will totally bomb you, but we, we have this, here's a little bit of it ins 23, And Iran can have a much brighter future, but will never allow America and its allies to be threatened with terrorism or nuclear attack. The choice is theirs to make. We really want them to be a successful country.


We want them to be a wonderful, safe, great country, but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. This is an offer that will not last forever. The time is right now for them to choose right now. We don't have a lot of time to wait. So he's like, let Iran, we can get along. He lifted the sanctions on Syria, he announced that yesterday, which is big saying, we're gonna try to help you succeed. Now, you who have taken over for, for Bashar alad you with like weird alqaeda background or like terrorist backgrounds, but you know what, let's give you a chance and see how You can do, he's, you know, trying to f foster peace between Ukraine and Russia, way more so than the last administration.


He's trying to foster peace in Israel and Gaza like working tirelessly through Woff and others to try to get those two sides to come to the table. He did the United States, and Trump in particular was very instrumental in settling for now the India Pakistan war that started a couple of days ago. He's bringing home hostages, American hostages from country after country. I mean, Trump truly like, he, he is devoted to finding peace in the world and to saying, I know these people have done awful things. It's 2025, we are turning the page, we are willing to give you kind of a pass a bye without blessing it to try to go forward in a better way to try to say you could, you could be business partners with the hottest ticket in time in town, the United States of America.


We'll do business with you, we'll help your economy get better, we'll help you have skyscrapers like they have in Riyadh. But you know, you're gonna have to back off the killing all the Jews thing and the terrorist thing and we'll see whether that's with some of these actors. But to me it's so refreshing to hear somebody state the mission as like an actual reset and, and the thought of like possibilities. I mean the, the words are fine. I mean, the words are good. I think they're slightly naive in some places and they're slightly aspirational as Matt said and others. But, you know, I'll say a couple good things first and not be entirely negative, but you, you know, the Abraham Accords was an enormous success and it actually managed to kind of hold through October 7th, which was what a lot of people who care about the region were worried about.


And so, you know, giving, giving him credit for that, in that lasting success is something that no one was willing to do the first term. And most people forget about now. But what a lot of this stuff is contingent upon is, I mean, I think that it's also mostly true that, you know, people don't love war. I mean there are some, I mean, I, I know that there's this idea of that these blood thirsty war mongers, but I mean, by And large Do think John Bolton, that's not the case. Yeah, I mean there's John Bolton, I mean, and Donald Trump of course hired John Bolton, but I know, so, which is a, a weird thing learned. And then also, and look, and, and also, you know, he's, I mean, yeah, I mean you're talking about the evolution of politics. He's talking about this Iran deal and praising this Iran deal, the potential of this Iran deal, which most of the observers of this stuff in the J-C-P-O-A basically say pretty much the same thing, which, you know, very similar.


And he called the Obama deal the worst deal in American history. So I think he's probably moved on a lot of these issues as his like, well, and, and son has moved on a Lot of these issues. I think hand he's John, I, me, I mentioned John Bolton, who yes, worked for Trump for a short time, but like he, this is a blatant condemnation of the Bush administration. I mean it's, it's, it is a, of course ter it's, it's Donald Rumsfeld, it's Dick Cheney, it's Condoleezza Rice and it's John Bolton. It is all of them. Colin Powell too on the coals without calling them out by name, saying that era is done. And Trump's felt it for a long time. He was very critical of the war in Iraq. It's one of the main things he's, he was saying when he first ran about how wrong that war was. And he was saying it at the time, he said it on Fox and Friends, he said it elsewhere, like he's had this general aversion to the knee jerk march toward war for I think his whole life.


No, I don't doubt that. And I think that that, you know, what he did in 2016 when it came to Iraq was actually open that lane up for people to criticize it. And actually now to say the opposite of that would be surprising to hear a Republican say on stage or not debate it, he was the first one to do it. And then everyone kind of followed suit after. It was like, okay, here's the signal that that part is gone. But what a lot of this relies upon, I mean, again, the rhetoric is fine and you know, I don't want wars either. The, what it relies upon though is our enemies or our new comrades and allies. It depends on them. It depends on, you know, there isn't a peaceful Middle East that's not happening right now. I mean, look at Ukraine, hasn't settled, Hasn't settled.


And you know, also to say like he made a deal with the Syrians. And there's some interesting things about that as you point out. Alani was a leader of the Al Nisra brigades, which was an Al-Qaeda affiliated organization. And he was arrested by the Americans in Iraq. I mean, he's affiliated with Al-Qaeda. So after nine 11, that's, Matt remembers it, it's not great. I mean, we remember not good, not a great Al-Qaeda's bad, but the thing about it's, we, we remember this stuff. The Taliban is in power in, you know, sitting on American Abrams tanks, you know, there's a head of Al-Qaeda that is running Syria right now. No change in anything in Iran. We're always promised these sort of new liberal leaders, Qatar giving Trump possibly a jet or being an ally, despite the fact that they fund Hamas in encourage Hamas.


And by the way, we saw this, and this is Trump, you're talking about getting hostages out. He negotiates that without the Israelis involved with Qatar. And Qatar says, okay, here's the American meaning that the Qatar have the power to get rid of, get all those hostages back or actually quell some of this stuff in Trump doesn't getting caught up in that, there's a lot of problems. He doesn't get caught up in that. There's a lot. But, but when he steps back, I mean, one of, by the way, this is an interesting point I haven't seen anyone make, but I wonder what will happen to Europe now that, that the Trump administration has said to Syria that they're going to lift all the economic sanctions. The response to that in Syria was people on the streets cheering, flying flags, and a million Syrian refugees are in Europe.


And do some of them come home now? Because the funny thing is, you said about the Saudis Meghan, they know how to speak Trump's language. What did the former head of Al-Qaeda in Syria say to Trump? You can build a Trump tower in Damascus. That's what literally what he said, welcome. And literally what he said sanction was like, alright, let's do it. Well, sanctions done. He clearly did In my, he clearly lifted the sanctions on Syria at a as as a, at the request of the Saudis. He, he said that in the speech, yes. He, as soon as he said, I'm lifting the sanctions on the, on Syria, he looked at the crown prince and he goes, oh, what I do for you, the things I do for you Right here, him a no, He's not trying to hide anything. But that's, that's the transactional Trump.


Other than we had trans Trump and we have transactional Trump, we prefer transactional. Interestingly, a virtue that I don't, I don't know that I've ever attributed to Donald Trump before in this particular context, is modesty. Like the, the foreign policy disposition here appears to be that I understand that interventionism and the foreign policy context is going to be of kind of limited potential and has very recently resulted in pretty profound failures. We probably need a d different approach, and one that's centered on finding opportunities for mutually beneficial exchange is probably a way for us to have some meaningful influence here.


Does it mean doing really difficult things like trying to carefully select your words in public when talking about someone who you're, you're looking for a partnership like this with while behind closed doors, we hope having sober conversations about the things that they're doing that are unacceptable. Yeah, it means that does it also mean acknowledging that the world is complicated? That while you're, you're exchanging the stick for the carrot in the context of Syria, you also have really severe problems that you're still dealing with. I think it was the Houthis attack, like during the speech. So the, the real world problems still exist, but the limitations of the, the, the previous disposition to towards like trying to, to reshape the Middle East by way of US policy as opposed to finding ways to, to gently in, in entangle our shared interest from an economic standpoint, I think is really important.


I think this is probably one of the better moments of the second Trump pre presidency. The challenge however, is that it is somewhat overshadowed in certain context by the appearance of corruption. The, the scandal with respect to the Qatari plane is one thing, but also the fact that his Su son's, mark Kran says zero chance Trump ever steps. So on that plane, he's not, that's probably true, he's not gonna happen too much pull back Son. But his sons were also, And John Thon came out yesterday saying, no, it's not, you're not getting congressional approval for that. Yeah, though John Thune, I don't know that he's known, you know, for really standing up against Trump when the, the chips are down. We'll see, but he, Hal we Still have a Congress. I didn't know we had, I didn't know we had A Congress. Yeah, they're Still there. They're not Trump in the, how much Trump wants to fight for the plane.


But I also think the fact that his sons have been in the, in, in these same countries in the weeks before and days before the President got there, essentially striking deals for the Trump organization. Again, is there anything explicitly corrupt about any of this? Does any of it suggest that there is necessarily some sort of quid pro quo? No, I don't, I haven't seen any evidence of that. But as we said repeatedly when we talked about Biden and Barisma, the appearance of corruption is often as important and consequential as actual corruption. And I think that is a material Concern. Well, the plane hard, the, the plane is a tough one, but if, if the quid pro quo is for us, the United States, it's a different story. You know, if he's, if he's getting things for the United States, it's a different story.


And this is what I was saying when Trump was running that like, yes, he's a narcissist, all presidents are narcissists. I mean very, very few I think are the exception to that. But I was saying like you look at him and you think, well, that could be very useful to us. If, if the, the payoff is not exactly like, if Trump's ego is served not by compliments yes of him, but not just by that, but by wins for the United States. If we can get the, the United States lined up with Trump's ego, this could be very, very beneficial for us. And I, I really think that's what's happening. But I think as a foreign policy matter, this is the declaration of a win for the Restrainers, you know, for the JD Vance's of the world, for the Tuckers of the world who have had enough, and even Marco Rubio, who's a much more interesting figure because he's become, he talks restrainer, he definitely gets it, and he is on board with it.


And I talked to him myself about that. But he's got a NeoCon passed, you know, he's, he understands that other wing of the Republican party that, you know, where where he says it is terrible what's happening in Gaza and every single one of those deaths is the fault of Hamas. Right? Like, that's what the neocons wanna hear. Like there's a clear understanding of morality in the world from the United States of America, and they're willing to tow the line to make sure the right side is supported, right? Like that's kind of, so he's a more of a hedge bet. In any event, it was fascinating to hear Trump just spill it out at this same time. He's saying, we're gonna reset. We won't hold the past sentences against you. We're not gonna try to import culture. You do your thing.


It's, it's for God to judge your decisions, not for me. At the same time, he's like, we might invade Greenland and Panama and might have to take Canada too. So it's like All, well, just like easy wars. I mean, we can beat the Greenlanders. I mean that's pretty simple. But the, the thing is Megan, is that you, what the, I think what the difference is is that this has been the kind of unwritten policy of America and Americans for a long time, but it's non-interventionist that after Iraq was just not going to happen for a long time. The, I think what's will be interesting, particularly vis-a-vis the ARMRA Israelis who are kind of mad at Trump right now, the hostas negotiation happened without them.


His cozying up to the Qataris in any way makes them, makes them angry. So, I mean, we'll see how that relationship, 'cause you know, the Tucker wing, they, the, they can't stand Israel, they can't stand that in Yahoo. So I, I'd be interesting to see if that relationship fractures at all. But I think the real thing Is, I don't know if, I mean, I don't think it's fair to say Tucker can't stand Israel, but, but they're critical of Israel. He's a, are people a Very retrainer he's very, he's Become more skeptical In recent, he just did an interview with the, with the comedian Dave Smith, where they were not very, not very positive on Israel, but I would say that it's a matter of what do we do about foreign funding of things like, so funding the Ukrainians.


Funding the Israelis. And look, there was a something that happened in Israel the other day in the Knesset about stopping all American military aid, which has been something that's been floated by a lot of Israelis. Cool. You know, our, our friend Jake Siegel, who is a big Zionist, you know, writes for tablet, wrote a thing Matt has written about this too, of like, like, okay, it's enough of this. It's not gonna stop the people who say that we're still close too close to Israel. But if that is the next phase of pulling American support out for allies in the military way, that would be really shocking to me. And that would be, that would be the first, Yeah, that, that would be a very big development.


But you know, when we were talking about how the United States did the, the forever wars, you know, the Iraq disaster staying too long in Afghanistan, not knowing, you know, not having any plan, training all these troops and then leaving all of our tanks behind all of it. Such a nightmare. But we have been messing in foreign policy throughout the world for a long, long time. You know, we're talking about Ukraine and Russia. We of course were over there under the Clinton administration. You know, we were, we were there under the Obama administration. Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton was over there trying to make regime change happen. I think this is Trump saying, we're done with that. We may invade you, but we won't quietly try to change your, your leadership like we did in Ukraine.


Like, you know, we clearly would, some would like to do in places like Russia. He's like, those days are over. So the verdict ha was in the day he was reelected, but this is him really spelling it out and I'd love to find out. I'm sure, we'll, we can, who wrote that speech? Because that was a barn burner and Trump, he delivered it fine. He was a little quiet in the messaging. I think he was tired. There was video of him maybe falling asleep. The White House denied it, but I didn't blame him. It was like, it looked very, very hot and kind of boring in there to some extent. Because we saw this from Trump here as watch. Yeah, standby. Watch this V five.


So he's not actually asleep. This is from Fox News, but he's doing the old I closing my eyes for a minute. Yeah, this is boring. I don't know what he is listening to. Joe Biden Two point This, it's not in the middle of a speech. So call Jake Tapper. I gotta, There's a difference between boredom and infirmity because he didn't you look over at Marco Rubio at the event, and did you guys see this picture of him yesterday? It's amazing. Look at him There, Marco Listening audience, if you haven't seen it. It's him with like the, the legs spread mouth ga the hands crossed. He's got literally gaping mouth. He looks kind of sweaty.


He's got a little bit of a belly there with all due respect to Marco Rubio video. And he looks so tired and so like, get it over with. It's hilarious. I think there Must be something about this room that was like hot and, and not, not that stimulating guys. I don't know. I mean, if I was over there, I probably would've adopted the, the local garb for that event. Personally. The what? The garb? Yeah, the local garb instead of the suit. I think that would've been a better look for Marco in that moment. For sure. You wouldn't have seen the, the belly. Yeah. It be like not see Pelosi in a Secretary of State in that, That on my favor, taking, taking a knee and the capital rotund. Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't know.


In any event, I think it was a successful visit and I think it's the beginning. It's the dawn of a new day. I feel that. And we'll see, we'll see whether we have partners who are willing to turn that page and, you know, join him in this new good faith effort. In some instances there's like a religious fervor that we're never gonna get passed. There will be no Mara Gaza that's not happening. That they're just too dug in on their very bizarre ideology of trying to wipe Israel off the face of the map. I don't think anyone can solve that. I don't, I don't know what to do about that. Like most humans on earth. I don't know what to do about that. But I think, you know, with the Saudis, I don't know about the Iranians really don't know about the Iranians. Trump even complimented the Houthis. He's like, you know, the Houthis like, we resolve that.


They stop bombing us. He's like, boy, they're tough. They're tough. Like he's, he's like Toughies throwing out the nice compliments. So like anybody who comes to the table, he is like, I'm willing to look at you anew, which is not a bad trait. All right, standby guys. Gotta take a quick break. We'll be right back with The Fifth Column.


Guys, we live in a world our biology just was not built for artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It's no wonder our health is under attack. These modern stressors disrupt cell's ability to function the way they should impacting gut health, immunity, even how we age. ARMRA Chorum is a bioactive whole food that helps restore cellular signaling and strengthens your body from the inside out. It's packed with over 400 powerful nutrients that work to reinforce your immune barriers, fortify your gut, rev up metabolism, and even support stronger skin and hair, pure, potent, natural, clean, and sustainably sourced. We've got you a special offer. Okay, it's get 15% off your first order. Just go to try ARMRA dot com slash megan or enter code megan at checkout. Try TRY ARMRA ARMRA dot com slash megan.


Let's be real. Our modern world can be toxic from ultra processed foods to environmental chemicals. Our bodies are under attack every single day. And one of the biggest casualties are digestion. Millions of people suffer with indigestion, bloating, upside, stomach. But here's the good news, we don't have to just accept this. Our ancestors had the answer all along. Bitter foods, bitter herbs and plants have been used for centuries to stimulate digestion, support, detox, and keep the gut thriving. That is why Just Thrive. Digestive Bitters can be a game changer with a powerful blend of ancient time-tested, bitter herbs. Just one dose before meals wakes up your digestive system helping you absorb nutrients better, break down food and say goodbye to bloating and sluggish digestion. Ditch modern toxins and get back to what our bodies were designed for. Reclaim your gut health with Just Thrive Digestive bidders available now at Just Thrive health.com. Use code Megan to save 20% off your first order. That's Just Thrive health.com. Promo code Megan.


Under Biden, American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the president's plan.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Okay, so the P diddy trial is now in day three, Sean Combs. And it's, it's unbelievable. I mean, it's just like, I wanna stress again to the audience. We must distinguish before we get the legal instructions between disgusting, filthy, pervert, cad, asshole and criminal. That's really what this trial is about. The, I think even the defense seeds 0.1, they have to, they have to, there won't be a juror in that room that can stand Sean Combs. But the question here is whether he broke the law, and even your humble correspondent is open-minded to being persuaded that there wasn't a technical legal violation.


I I really wanna see the, I haven't looked up the proposed legal instructions, but we'll get them jury instructions on what the law is because I'll tell you like I've got questions. I'm horrified by the testimony, but I, I've got questions about whether they're gonna get a conviction. Okay, I hope they do, but that's just because I can't stand him. Okay. His, the star witness is Cassie. His, she's a singer, Cassie Ventura. She signed with him when she was 18 years old or right around there. She became a singer. She, she signed like a 10 record deal with bad boy record records, which is his, and within like two years he started having sex with her and he was with a different woman at the time.


But yeah, shockingly he wasn't faithful and started sleeping with Cassie. And then she testified how, in the beginning, by the way, when she took the stand, she was eight and a half months pregnant yesterday. His side was so worried about that, making her look overly sympathetic, sympathetic that they asked if she could be brought in and put on the stand without the jury in the room. Look at this. I mean, like, apparently they're not exaggerating. She had that enormous belly that we all get in the very, very last few days, which is where like, it's just, it becomes like voyeuristic to even look at a woman at that point. It's just an outta control. God bless you, Cassie. So anyway, the judge overruled that and said she can walk in her full pregnant self. And she did. And she testified about how he started very early on telling her he wanted her to participate in these freak offs.


That's what he called them. And these thing, I mean, it's the right word for them. I mean, they're absolutely depraved behavior where he would hire these male sex workers and she's testifying, this is all, you know, her testimony that they would come over and that Sean Combs would be there watching and directing everything. And that there would be multiple sex sessions within the one freak off, which could go for days. But even if it went for hours, there'd be multiple sessions in which she would have to perform with these male sex workers, including in like outfits and fishnets and masquerade masks and hooker heels is how it was described. Then he would tell 'em exactly what sex acts he wanted and how, and then he would participate in some of them.


We talked yesterday, forgive me, listening audience about how he allegedly both himself and through the male sex worker urinated on her. And I guess in her mouth to where she testified she was gagging. She thought she was gonna throw up. She, she testified that the freak offs quote became a job where there was no space to do anything else, but to recover and to just FYSI feel normal again. That they could go from 36 hours to as long as four days that they took a big chunk of my life, sometimes on a nearly weekly basis. At the end of the sessions, the hotel linens were off, often very soiled with baby oil residue as well as bodily fluids, including blood and urine. And his staff keep in mind, he's being accused of like racketeering, like the way mob boss does, where he has an enterprise of criminals around him.


That's why these details are important, that his staff would both set up the freak off rooms and clean up the freak off rooms that eventually they, they graduated to adding like television lighting, like clea lights in there that would have red, red lighting coming outta 'em. There were blue lighting coming outta them to set just the right mood, choking back tears. She testified reading here from the New York Times, she testified the freak offs made her feel disgusting and humiliated. If he wasn't in the room, he would sometimes watch over FaceTime. He began recording the freak offs. Side note, the media has now filed a request to see the videotape of the freak offs and the, the parties are objecting saying they don't need to see everything. I mean, like Cassie doesn't want them to see it.


And but, and Diddy doesn't want them out. And the judge says he's leaning towards releasing them because there's a little thing called the First Amendment. But of course the media's like, we wanna see the free cost, show us the tape. That's the, that's what the media's position is. She lists the drugs that he provided to the participants, ecstasy, cocaine, marijuana, ketamine, mushrooms, whatever was the drug of choice at that point. She says she took the drugs for disassociating and to have some kind of buffer from what she was experiencing. She talked about how he beat her repeatedly. She talked about that one incident we saw at the hotel Intercontinental where he dragged her and beat her on the ground. She was trying to escape a freak off, like it was just a day ending in why she was like, I mean, that's kind of, yeah, that we did that all the time and he would beat me sometimes.


And that time I made a run for it and I stayed on the ground. Once he knocked me down, Because it was self-defense, I I thought maybe he wouldn't be able to hit me as easily if I stayed down. I mean, he's just an absolute disgusting, hideous pig, awful man. She said she stayed to keep him happy. When you're in love with someone, you don't wanna disappoint them. But as the years passed, even as she still sought to please him, she recognized he had become increasingly abusive beating her and orchestrating ever more degrading sessions that made her feel like her career was no longer music, but performing in his sexual for his sexual satisfaction. Here's the thing.


She testified that she was asked, the cross has begun about why, like whether she told him that she didn't wanna do it, and the testimony as I understand it thus far has been basically no, she said she would do it and they have text messages of her saying to him like, I can't wait for the next freak off. I can't wait to do it. Like I might not be able to do it today because I have a red carpet. And she testified about how she had to get all drugged up and also he would beat her. And it's like she did have to go to the red carpet with a black eye. I think it was after that intercontinental one we saw. But they, the defense has text messages from her being like, can't wait. I love it. Like, when's the next one?


And so this has the real danger for the prosecution of morphing into a Harvey Weinstein esque case where it's there, it's only a crime if there, if he forced you, if if you guys are just freaks in bed who wanted to do this stuff. Yes, there's a question of the prostitution element, but he's not being charged with abuse of like with assault. And I, a lot of the viewers wrote in after our discussion yesterday saying, what do you mean he beat her? It's on tape. Yes, I know there no, he's about not being charged with that. That's not one of the charges. The charges relate to solicitation of prostitution or like arranging the transportation of a prostitute and Rico racketeering a criminal enterprise. So it's relevant if there's a crime of prostitution and relevant, if there was a crime on which the statute of limitations has run called assault.


But they don't have to actually prove any of that. And he's not exactly being charged for that. He's, but if this is consensual sex, or at least if Sean Combs believed that it was consensual sex, he he could skate legally. And that's, that's my impression so far. That's, I very open-minded to being this going another way. Your thoughts on the cultural impact of this trial and just thoughts on what we're learning now about one of the most famous people in America? I mean he should skate if that's, if that's the case, right? I mean there, it's, it's not criminal and to be, it's not part of a cri criminal enterprise if you're a scumbag.


And sometimes it's very hard to separate those things in situations like this. I mean, I saw the tape from the hotel. I I nothing about that surprises me considering what we know about his character. And as you said, Megan, it's, it's like we can disassociate these things and say you are a horrible, horrible monster and that is clear and his life is over. I mean, whether he goes to prison or not, there's no way he's going to be allowed back into the, to the Club of celebrity. It just can't, I mean, we're recalling that he had these white parties and the Hamptons, you know, Martha Stewart is going to these things. This is not something that's just in the hip hop world and that is gone for him forever. But whether or not he's been in jail, I dunno for a year or something in Brooklyn, whether or not that is justified, I just, I haven't paid really close attention to this because I have a life and I I try to try to limit my, my diddy puffy, whatever the hell he is called, consumption.


But there is a thing that at the last, the sort of heel end of that kind of me too movement where it was getting a little troubling. And I'm not saying that this is comparable, but there would be times when, when people would no, it Was feeling sale tomy. But yeah, well it was, it was feeling sale me in the sense that well, that was a bad relationship or you, that person was a jerk. And it's like there's, that's not a legal kind of thing. This is a next level of that and it's gross. And you know, my freak off aren't like this at all. I mean, we all, I have an iPad two minutes At best. Yeah, yeah. No, it's very fast. You know, I I'm like Woody Allen. I'm like, you know, maybe a minute and a half, you know, and that's, and it's done and everyone's happy and we like read afterwards.


It's like a book club. But if that, if this, yeah, we do. We we're, we're we're reading Willa Cather's, my, now it's great. There is a moment when you look at this stuff and you say, you know, the text messages, we saw that with Army Hammer, we saw that with the picture from the Dodgers. So many of these things, the text messages always come out and paint a different picture and you know, we have to hold off on that. But if it is just having gross sex parties and maybe hiring a male prostitute or whatever, it's like the feds this big raid him in jail for, it could be that there's a lot more to This Also prostitute, not, not alleging any force. He texted, he testified that he, there was a male prostitute or whatever, escort.


I don't know how he goes by saying, she was the one who would te who would text me saying come over for the freak off. She was the one who would pay me. She and I developed like a friendship on the side and he did say I grew very concerned for her. I said, you've gotta leave him. He, he beats you for sure. He testified you heard a beating. Yeah, but like the beatings are as horrific as they are and they are criminal in their own right though the statute of limitations may have run on assault. I haven't actually looked that up, but there's a reason he didn't get charged with those. And certainly the one at the intercontinental. Oh, And by the way, the, the, the testimony by this one guy who was a security officer at the hotel intercontinental where that beating took place was that he saw it. Yes. He, he went up there and this was a Friday.


He went home for the weekend, and when he got back on Monday, the tape was gone. The tape was gone. They paid Somebody a hundred grand for it. Well, no, did he offered him a hundred thousand dollars in a wad of bills saying, here, please make this go away. And, and I think the testimony was like, he was like, no, I'm not doing that. That's not how this works. Yeah, this guy's LAPD No, but I think he was legit. But when he got back on Monday, the tape was gone. And he did, but he didn't call the police because she didn't want him to, she didn't want a test testify. Like most domestic violence, violence victims do not want the police called unless they're actively in fear for their life at that second. And then they almost always lived to regret it. And rec can't, it's terrible. It's terrible dynamic. You know, Gabby Petito, we saw a similar thing when, when she could have saved herself In any event, I don't know because all that testimony about how the, the escort willingly came, Cassie was the one who reached out to him.


He seemed to enjoy it. He thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world. Like no one, I don't know how we've gotten to like, she's being forced by like the equivalent of a mob boss yet. Yeah, I mean I, I think I've read, I have read some accounts of this. I do have some interest in the story. We also talk about these things professionally in Moynihan every once a while. No, and look, Cassie, the Cassie situation is awful. Camille's Joining the motion to see the freak ops. This is what we've, I mean, talk About this to get all the freak ops On one tv. I'm gonna talk about this if I don't watch at least a little bit, you know, I don't mind maybe pixelated it if you want to, fine. But I'm gonna watch, I Mean with the lighting, please Gimme the sound. You know, they, you know, sorry, keep Going.


Yeah. For Camille, then they come for your freak ops. Yes. But, but I, I do think, you know, Diddy clearly a violent person, dangerous. I think deviant are words that apply here. I I agree. I mean the, the federal Rico attempt, like I'm still, to my knowledge, there isn't anyone else who's been charged. And the whole thing seems kind of unusual in that regard. One imagines that, as you said, Megan, the rest of those charges couldn't be brought in some of those other situations. But I mean, the things that were alleged in that civil suit that he settled with Cassie, that he had blown up For eight figures reportedly. Yeah. But that he'd blown up kid Cuddy's car. I mean, these are extraordinary, extraordinary allegations.


This is a guy who sounds like, it sounds like he believes he is above the law and can get away with just about anything and stories about his violent temper and his capacity to attack even other superstars. I mean, there's, there's a, a pretty notorious story about him beating up Drake at some point. And that's, Drake is a really big star. It's, it's nutty stuff. One, one, I'm very interested to see where the case goes, but I share the kind of skepticism of the federal prosecution here that I think they may have overreached, but we'll have to see what else they've got in, in the holster there. What's crazy is SDNY does not normally lose, they do not normally lose the feds.


And in federal court they don't bring the case unless they've got you. I mean that's usually, that's why it's so awful to be indicted by the feds. So, but so I have been underwhelmed by, so far by what they say they have all, like the, the, some of, some of the worst stuff was in these, let's not forget complaints brought by a guy who seemed like a questionable lawyer who was called out as a questionable lawyer by a judge. But that guy also represented Cassie, I think if memory serves. And she got an eight figure payout. And then what he wrote about her turned out to be true. I mean, or look at at least she's backing it up. And she got paid eight figures. So Sean Combs was scared. So anyway, we'll continue to watch it and see where this goes.


I think this has cultural implications well beyond P Diddy. I mean, who knew how many in Hollywood covered it up, who didn't give two shits that he was allegedly engaging in the serial abuse of women. Not to mention these parties with, you know, as we worry about Justin Bieber and others. We'll leave it at that for now, guys. Thank you. Great to see you tomorrow. A first time guest on the program, Teamsters President Sean O'Brien. See you then. Thanks For listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the president's plan.


Some say, oo, business management software is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. Some say OO is like a magic beans stock scaling with you while being magically affordable. And some say OOS programs for manufacturing, accounting and more are like building blocks for creating a custom software suite. But I say ODU is all of it. Fertilizer, magic beans, stock building blocks for business. Yeah, odu, exactly what every business needs. Sign up@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.