
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, May 19th, 2025 and this is your AM Update. President Biden diagnosed with cancer. We have the details Died, got amazed. 19th 19 when 2015 he died. 2015 he was 2015. A sympathetic well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. The five hour audio recording of President Biden's interview with special counsel Robert Hur released publicly a Mexican Navy ship crashes into the Brooklyn Bridge. Investigators search for the cause of the accident and authorities identify a suspect in the terror attack at a California fertility clinic.


I come to you as a brother who desires to be the servant of your faith and your joy. Pope Leo the IV is officially inaugurated as head of the Catholic Church. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrat Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois.


And according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org and you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


On Sunday afternoon, the office of former president Joe Biden releasing a statement Last week, president Biden was seen for a new finding of a prostate nodule after experiencing increasing urinary symptoms. On Friday, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer with metastasis to the bone. While this represents a more aggressive form of the disease, the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management. The president and his family are reviewing treatment options with his physicians President Trump responding on truth. Social quote. Melania and I are saddened to hear about Joe Biden's recent medical diagnosis. We extend our warmest and best wishes to Jill and the family and we wish Joe a fast and successful recovery news of the diagnosis, raising questions about whether it is possible for prostate cancer to metastasize into bone cancer so quickly.


Some now asking whether it's possible that President Biden might have had cancer while in office and if that were the case. Many questioning how a White House physician would not have caught the symptoms in a prostate specific antigen test his last physical February 28th, 2024 with no mention of the PSA test or the results. The announcement comes as a new book on how the White House hid Mr. Biden's mental acuity problems hits shelves this week. No sooner had Mr. Biden's office made the announcement than former Obama advisor David Axelrod said on CNN that conversations about Mr. Biden's mental state should be more muted and set aside for now as he's struggling through this.


To be clear, the me Kelly Show and AM Update disagree. We wish Mr. Biden all the best with his recovery and we also plan to dig deep into these issues including what role, not only the White House but the press had in covering them up when the authors of the new book original Sin appear on the Megan Kelly show. This Tuesday On Saturday, Axios releasing the long awaited audio recordings of special counsel Robert Her's interview with President Biden. The tapes capturing President Biden's responses during Mr. Her's investigation into his handling of classified documents. The probe centering on documents from Mr. Biden's time as vice president and as senator that were discovered at his home and former office.


The five hour interview conducted on October 8th and ninth 2023 became a key factor in hers decision not to pursue criminal charges. Citing concerns that a jury might perceive President Biden as quote a sympathetic well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Throughout the interview, president Biden meandering struggling to grasp words. The president also frequently veering off topic, sharing personal anecdotes seemingly unrelated to the prosecutor's questions. Mr. Biden asked if he ever brought classified material from the Naval Observatory or the West Wing, responding with a rambling 12 minute answer including a story about a trip to Mongolia. They had a target prevail, said hey, a hundred yards away.


And these gorillas were, you know, taking shots and I think, I don't know it's gonna embarrass me or to make a point, but I handed the bow and arrow. I'm not a bad archer but I found that word. I can pull it back. So I and pure of luck I hit the goddamn target Special counsel, hers report also noting Mr. Biden's struggles in recalling important life events including the date of his son B'S death. Here's the audio from that portion of the interview. I-I-I-I-I-I-I don't know. This is what, 20 17 18 that period? Yes sir.


Remember in this timeframe my son is either been deployed or is dying. Bo Biden passed away from brain cancer in May, 2015. More from that moment Died 20 15 15. I think it was 2015. I'm not sure the months sir, but I think that was Yeah, that's right Mr. President. And what's happened in the meantime is that as, and Trump gets elected in November of 20 17 20 16.


16 20 16. Alright, so what, 2017, that's when he left office. The final report released in February, 2024 prompting President Biden to hold a rare evening press conference to address the characterizations in special counsel Robert Herr's report. I know there's some attention paid to some language in the report about my recollection of events. There's even reference that I don't remember when my son died. How in the hell dare he raise that? Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself, wasn't any of their damn business As the tapes show, Mr. Hur had not raised President Biden's son's death. It was Mr.


Biden who did that back then. Dems still circling the wagons around Mr. Biden some tearing into Mr. Hur, accusing him of partisan activism at a house Judiciary Committee hearing on his findings in March. One moment here from then, California Congressman Adam Schiff, You don't gratuitously do things to prejudice this subject of an investigation when you're declining to prosecute. You don't gratuitously add language that you'll know will be useful in a political campaign. You were not born yesterday. You understood exactly what you were doing. It was a choice. You certainly didn't have to include that language. You could have said vis-a-vis the documents that were found at the university.


The President did not recall. There is nothing more common. You know this, I know this. There is nothing more common with a witness of any age. When asked about events that are years old to say, I do not recall indeed they're instructed by their attorney to do that if they have any question about it. You understood that you made a choice that was a political choice. It was the wrong choice. Despite Public polling showing increasing public concern surrounding Mr. Biden's cognitive abilities, Democrats and media members insisting in the months leading up to and the months following this report that President Biden was at his very best. A portion of that defense courtesy here of GrabOn. Start your tape right now 'cause I'm about to tell you the truth an f you if you can't handle the truth.


This version of Biden is the best Biden ever. He is sharp, intensely probing and detail oriented and focused. Ageism is an issue. Americans have a rich history of holding people's physical characteristics against them. He's older. That doesn't mean that he is unfit and there's a lot of ageism there. The flip side of this coin is that he has a tremendous amount of wisdom and experience. Have you heard any concerns from anyone who has met with President Biden about him seeing seeming a little slower? No more wild speculation from a bunch of people who have probably never been in the room with Joe Biden and certainly don't have medical degrees that I'm aware of.


The tapes obtained by Axios in conjunction with a new book co-authored by Axios reporter Alex Thompson and CNN Jake Tapper. Those are the authors of that book, original Sin. On Saturday evening, a sailing ship belonging to the Mexican Navy smashing into the Brooklyn Bridge in a deadly horrifying accident. The ach, a tall ship, the kind you might think of as a classic sailing vessel on a global goodwill tour carrying 277 people when it suffered a mechanical failure and reportedly began drifting backward. The ship's three towering mast striking the bridge one by one. Two crew members were killed. More than 20 others injured.


The New York Times reporting 11 are in critical condition. Despite the impact, the heavily trafficked Brooklyn Bridge did not sustain any substantial structural damage, which is a miracle. If you look at this crash, New York City mayor Eric Adams delivering remarks from the scene. The police commissioner, our team immediately responded with FDNY Commissioner Tucker to have a coordinated effort and willing to thank the the Coast Guard and their effort as well. So the coordination was extremely important and it was executed to the best of our ability to minimize any loss of life. Dramatic video captured by bystanders from every angle, showing sailors who had been perched on the rigging, dangling from the mast.


One witness telling the New York Post a crew member was seen dangling for at least 15 minutes before being rescued. The ship is now docked at a nearby pier in New York Harbor as investigations into the cause of the accident continue coming up. The FBI announces a suspect in the deadly car bombing outside of a California fertility clinic and the first American born pope is officially inaugurated.


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay, the good news is there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move,


The FBI investigating a deadly car explosion at a fertility clinic in Palm Springs, California as an intentional act of terrorism at 10:52 AM Saturday a massive blast rocking the area, damaging buildings several blocks away, the suspect was killed, and four were injured in the blast. Investigators recovering two rifles and ammo from the scene. The suspect identified by authorities as 25-year-old guy Edward Barca, a resident of 29 Palms, about an hour drive away from the scene of the explosion. According to the Associated Press, the suspect was planning to record or stream the attack. The LA Times reporting on a website containing no names but appearing connected to the bombing, laying out the case for a war against Pro-lifers.


The site includes a section of the website directing users to view the recorded stream of an IVF clinic bombing. Though there is no file connected to the prompt, according to the Times the website quote, extol a hodgepodge of philosophies from abolitionist veganism, the opposition to all animal used by humans and negative utilitarianism, the idea that we should act to minimize suffering rather than maximize pleasure in the world. The AP also reports that writings recovered from Barca's Home. Quote him as believing the world should not be populated on Saturday night. Law enforcement swarming a neighborhood in 29 Palms, A, BC eyewitness News reporting tactical units and an armored vehicle on the scene.


The target of the attack, the American Reproductive Centers, a fertility clinic and IVF lab suffering extensive damage, aerial footage showing the roof partially collapsed, debris extending out into the street, the clinic reporting on social media. All staff members are accounted for and no eggs or embryos were damaged in the explosion as they are held in a different facility. My goodness, assistant director of the LA Field office, Akil Davis telling reporters, this is one of the largest bombing investigations in southern California. The Joint Terrorism Task force is leading the investigation. Authorities believe this was an isolated incident. Attorney General Pam Bondy writing on x quote, we are working to learn more, but let me be clear.


The Trump administration understands that women and mothers are the heartbeat of America. Violence against a fertility clinic is unforgivable. Pope Leo the iv, the first American Pope ever officially inaugurated on Sunday as the head of the Catholic Church, thousands gathering in St. Peter Square at the Vatican, among them, a large US allegation and dignitaries from around the world to witness the installation of the new Pontiff who now leads the world's 1.4 billion Catholics. A moment from the Pope's homily, I was chosen without any merit of my own. And now with fear and trembling, I come to you as a brother who desires to be the servant of your faith and your joy Con With you on the path of God's love for he wants us all to be united in one family.


Pope Leo wearing the traditional white papal vestments, a departure from his predecessor, Pope Francis, who chose simpler garments appearing visibly emotional at times, most notably upon receipt of the fisherman's ring, a symbol of the pontiff's authority, the large gold ring. A reference to St. Peter, the first Pope, who was a fisherman by trade. According to scripture, Jesus called to him saying, I will make you a fisher of men. Pope Leo the 14th, greeting dozens of dignitaries after the mass, including vice President JD Vance and Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. Ahead of the visit, secretary Rubio asked about perceived criticism from the Vatican regarding the Trump administration's immigration policies.


Here he is responding. How Do you reconcile what the Vatican has said on compassion for migrants with the Trump administration's Policies? Well, first of all, the Pope is not a political figure. I know he's covered like one, but they're not. They're the earthly head of, of the Roman Catholic church. And the church has strong social doctrine teachings and I think there is not any compatibility. We too are compassionate towards migrants. I would argue there's nothing compassionate about mass migration. I understand there's this temptation to cover the papacy as a political office. It is not a political office, it is a spiritual office and it is one that it, it has a social teachings that are aligned with the faith and with the gospel and, but I don't believe those are incompatible with a p.


A national policy that shows tries to prevent mass migration Following the inaugural mass. The Pont of shaking many hands, some visitors bowing and kissing the papal ring. Pope Leo breaking protocol one time to embrace his brother Louis Privos. And that'll do it For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the me Kelly Show. We'll have all the latest on this Biden News. We're live on SiriusXM Trium, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms. Under Biden American's, cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today.


Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.