
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show Vice president Kamala Harris delivered her closing message last night at the ellipse in Washington dc a brief scripted, of course, it was, whose words were these? Whose thoughts were these, whose promises were these speech where she urged all Americans to quote, stop pointing fingers and start locking arms. Oh, by the way, Trump is Hitler.


I it seemed like the same as Joe Biden after he was inaugurated. I will be a unifier. I am looking for unity. Trump is Hitler. And no sooner had she ended her remarks than her current boss, the sitting president of the United States got on a campaign zoom call and called half of America garbage. This is unbelievable. He, we had some warmup act to the warmup acts at the Trump MSG rally the other day, make off-color jokes. And as I said, the whole thing was a little too broy for me, right?


It wasn't just him and the bowness of it, but this has dominated the news cycle for two and a half days. The the left needed the vapors after this comedian's joke about Puerto Rico, which by the way, does have a massive trash problem. So it wasn't completely off this joke. Sorry. It wasn't, and what happens? Kamala Harris goes out there and just as they're gearing up to place the crown on her head for the new Michelle Obama and Joe Biden comes out and takes a massive dump all over it. Sorry, sorry. That's what happened. It's really unbelievable.


Joe Biden proved once again why the Harris campaign is begging him to stay hidden in the basement because he says all the quiet parts out loud. Don't think for one second she feels differently than he does not for one second. It's just like she said on the view she wouldn't have done anything differently. There's no distance or daylight between the two of them. And you can bet the same is true on this comment. I guarantee you this is what she thinks of Trump and his supporters, that their garbage too. And how do I know? Because her running mate is out there calling them Nazis. And she says that's the last decision she made on instinct on her gut to pick him.


It's incredible. And this is how we're gonna spend the next six days until election day talking about, no, not that story. Obviously not the media's in control. We're gonna talk about how Republicans are pouncing on it. They're pouncing. The damn pounces are pouncing again on the eminently Unbounce. We don't understand it. It's incredible. What a story to kick it off with Charlie Kirk, he's founder and CEO of Turning point USA and host of the Charlie Kirk Show. Hey guys, don't forget that on election night, we'll be live for you right here at the Megyn Kelly Show. You can find us on SiriusXM, try off channel one 11, or you can find us at youtube.com/ m Kelly and we will have all of your Megyn Kelly Show favorites with us that evening to cover the results as they finally start rolling in.


Don't miss a moment, we start at 8:00 PM unless craziness is happening, in which case we'll go early and we got you covered all night long. Don't forget, 8:00 PM election night, the Megyn Kelly Show can't wait to see you then.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, g c's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of June, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Charlie, welcome back. Unbelievable what happened last night. I'm gonna get you to react, but let me just play Joe Biden's comments and what he said right after she spoke, Donald Trump has no character. He doesn't give a damn about the Latino community. He's failed businessman. He's, he only cares about the billionaire friends he has and accumulated wealth for those at the top. And he says, immigrants are poisoning the blood of our country. Give me a break. He wants to do away with the birthright citizenship. Who the hell has said that in the last a hundred years and just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of Garbage. Well, let me tell you something, I don't, I I I don't know the Puerto Rican that, that I know or Puerto Rico where I'm in my home state of Delaware.


They're good, decent, honorable people. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His his, his demonization scene is unconscionable and it's un-American. It's totally contrary to everything we've done, Charlie, Kirk. Thoughts? Well, first of all, isn't it great to be here, Meghan? Thank you. Isn't it fitting that the man that they hid from us for three years, for obviously having mental decline is just redeployed a week out from the election during Kamala's speech, by the way, and completely under my, I could not tell you really anything she said other than Trump bad unify the country. All the headlines trending on Twitter, 1.2 million tweets. Just everybody talking about the fact the current president of the United States calls half the country, myself included garbage.


So let, let's break this down, and I mean this sincerely. Has there ever been an instance in American history where a sitting president openly calls half the country that he is tasked to govern trash, garbage worthy of discarding? Has that ever happened in American history, ever? And and if somebody has an example, I I I, I would love to see that example. I don't even think during the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln called the Confederacy that, I mean, I do not even think during the American Civil War, Abraham Lincoln called the people of the Confederacy garbage. In fact, I think Abraham Lincoln said, these are still our fellow citizens and brother against brother and it's a tragedy. We're fighting them. And so I I I we've never seen this language ever in American history.


I'd love a historian to dig that up if, if it's happened before. It's number one. Number two, which is that this, this is the, this is what they deserve. They deserve that this man that they force fed us as president of the United States four years ago in that ridiculous election of 2020 when he was in the basement and there was mail-in ballots everywhere that were not being checked. And there was $400 million Mark Zuckerberg, they deserve the guy that they forced on the American people to all of a sudden come back a week out from the election. And, and there's so many other points to kind of go through here, but this is not a gaf this is a stated policy position. They do think that we're garbage. They not, not just from their rhetoric, but from how they treat us.


Look at how they treated the hurricane victims. I'm in North Carolina right now, how they treated the hurricane victims in North Carolina versus foreigners. You treat garbage that way. Look at how that they are trying to import other 10 million people and destroy the purchasing power of our dollar. You treat garbage that way. And Joe Biden did not say something by mistake. He was caught saying something that he meant that he wish he would not have said. And that's a very important distinction. And so this now takes all the headlines in a way that only you could explain that either God or luck or something. I think it happens to be God is on Trump's side because the news cycle was just annoying after MSG Meghan, we were talking about this comedian's joke, And, it was all about garbage.


And now it's completely in the opposite direction. Joe Biden took what was an annoying 48 hours news cycle after Trump had basically unbroken momentum from McDonald's and Rogan and all this great campaigning to kind of, okay, we gotta now cover for some comedian. And that is another point I wanna make. Just very quickly, the media freaked out about a comedian not running for office, saying an off-color joke. I didn't like the joke. You didn't like the joke. I thought it was the wrong time or place or manner for that. This guy's a sitting president of the United States and is running the country allegedly, and is the mentor and the boss of the person running for the job and the media and their coverage was like, well, Joe Biden appears to attack Donald Trump's supporters as garbage or right wingers get very upset about Joe Biden's comments about them as Garbage.


So this, this is now the closing argument. This is worse than deplorables and I think this is gonna do nothing but motivate people that might not have voted to go out and vote because the current administration hates you. They think you're worthy of discarding, they believe your garbage. Here's what's so amazing about it, it's a direct parallel. They just spent two days trying to tell us it is deeply offensive and wrong and an outrage and a vulnerable issue to have somebody on one person's side call a group garbage. And in and their ca the case they were making was about a comedian who was at m sg hours before Trump took, There's no real attachment.


Yes, exactly. But that, Yes. So they spent two days telling us if somebody affiliated with the other side calls a group of people garbage, that could be a single issue for you. When you go into that ballot box, you must vote against that person that's absolutely deeply offensive, racist, terrible, beyond the pale. And then what happens? Not some comedian who's warming up four hours before Kamala Harris gets out there, the sitting president of the United States, who's been her partner in all policy, from whom she sees no differences for the past four years, as she said repeatedly now over the past couple of weeks, gets out there and says, Trump supporters are the only garbage I see.


And the media has absolutely no room to run, there's no way of squaring those two positions. They, they must say this is deeply wrong and you cannot support a ticket that would have that kind of mentality about the American people. And yet they are in the Cirque dele contortions to try to get away from it. We've gotta talk about the apostrophe, right? Oh, no, no, I I was gonna go there. No, the apostrophe's one of the greatest wrinkles of this whole story, Meghan. No, but please continue. It's amazing. It Really is. So you get, you get John, as near as I can tell, Jonathan Lame is the first person to get the apostrophe.


He is a complete hack, partisan, pathetic excuse for a quote journalist. He works for Politico and he also is part of the M-S-N-B-C morning show, the show that precedes Morning Joe. But now he's being elevated to Morning Joe because his kind of hackery will get you a full-time role on that show. And he reaches out to his sources at the White House about this comment that we all watched Joe Biden make. He made it around six in the evening But, it didn't start circulating to later. And he gets the White House transcript, the official transcript of Biden's remarks, calling Trump supporters garbage. And he, he goes with it.


He says, this White House version of the transcript proves that the Biden quote is quote, being taken out of tra out of context. And the transcript reads, the only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters But. it adds an apostrophe between the r and the S of supporters as if it's possessive like his supporter issued garbage like out of his mouth. And that's all I see. That is clearly not what Joe Biden said. And if you hear the cadence of the way he delivered it, that makes it clear we should go back and listen to it again.


Let's listen to it one more time. Donald Trump has no character. He doesn't give a damn about the Latino community. He's failed businessman. He's, he only cares about the billionaire friends he has and accumulated wealth for those at the top. And he says, immigrants are poisoning the blood of our country. Give me a break. He wants to do away with the birthright citizenship. Who the hell said that in the last a hundred years and just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage. Well, let me tell you something. I don't, I I, I don't know the Puerto Rican that, that I know, or Puerto Rico where I'm in my home state of Delaware. They're good, decent, honorable people.


The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His his, his demonization scene is unconscionable and it's un-American. It's totally contrary to everything we've done. And then just putting a period at the end of that, Charlie, so Lumie sells his soul And. it doesn't even pretend to be a real journalist. And then ultimately, because this blew up online, Biden puts out a statement that said, that reads as follows, it's an expost. Of course, Jonathan Lumir shared it from Biden earlier today. I referred to the hateful rhetoric about Puerto Rico spewed by Trump's supporter at MSG as garbage, which is the only word I can think of to describe it.


Okay? So he is trying to say, I was referring to that guy's hateful rhetoric. That's what I was calling Garbage. And he says his demonization of Latinos is unconscionable. That's all I meant to say, which is different than, that's all I said in here is an implicit admission that he said exactly what we heard him say. And what's remarkable today is Charlie, the ap, the many other, like normal news sources or you know, left-leaning Axios, CNN are not going along with lumiere's and politico's spin. They're, they're actually admitting they heard what we heard.


Yeah. I mean, we're half there. I've some of these headlines again, these people, they can't bring themselves to ever reporting the truth. I mean, lemme just read some of these headlines. White House and Trump campaign clash over whether Biden called Trump supporters garbage. Okay? I mean, we're almost there, right? I mean, is that really the essence of the story of the Washington Post? Okay, CCBS news, which is by like their entire team at O'Keeffe, Jiang Gian, Olivia Rinaldi supporters or supporters apostrophe Biden comments about Trump garbage rally anger. The GOP do you see, this is what they do. If I have to say, if there's ever an injustice, they say right wingers, pounce, conservatives upset as if we're like being some sort of unreasonable cohort.


And then if we do something against them, or if there was some comedian, they say outrageous racist vi rhetoric s spew. Of course, I mean that, that, that is the playbook. AP Biden suggests Trump supporters are garbage after comics and insult to Puerto Rico. So they just have to add that in there, right? Yeah. They have to just, of course make sure that's, that's in, that's in the headline. So look, the, the, the possessive thing is amazing. I, I would've loved to have been in the White House comms room and the Kamala Harris campaign where they're trying to figure out how to spin this one. So they probably watched the tape and they're like, oh my gosh, we should have kept him in the basement, which is just a whole nother amazing wrinkle, right? I mean, who he is there some sort of quiet pro-Trump part of this, again, I don't wanna get too conspiratorial, but this guy was not doing many as many interviews make, he was not doing this many interviews four years ago, and he was a spring chicken four years ago, and he's completely not needed right now.


And he's doing some zoom call for Latinos concurrently, while there is this like, major closing argument just feet away from the White House at the ellipse, and someone decides to go put you on some voto Latino zoom call where you're gonna give off the cuff remarks about something that is helping your nar. I, I just, it's, it's a little bit too suspicious for me. And so, so the, the other part of this that the White House comms room with the Kamala Harris, like, okay, well, okay, Joe said that, well, we can't say that he was okay, how about if we add an apostrophe because MAGA is known to litter that MAGA is really known to make the streets dirty. That it it's their garbage.


That, that if you go into MAGA neighborhoods, they're, they're filthy. I mean it's just, it's so repulsive and it's, here's what it's doing. Now, Charlie, Charlie on that front, somebody on Twitter put out like the, all the, the Harris Biden Brain Trust sitting around thinking what's the solution? What's the solution? And then somebody, if You can see somebody does this, it's just a picture of an apostrophe. I'm my short. Exactly. I've got it. And And, it only makes the story bigger. And it again, it only amplifies it more. And again, this is a turnout election. Now we're seeing it in the numbers. This is not a persuasion election. Kamala is playing a persuasion election, which is highly risky in the last week of the election. It's incredibly risky to antagonize and call the opposition names, fascists, Nazis, racist garbage, all these things.


Because for every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction In politics, especially when you talk about turnout And, it can bring a lot of people more out to the polls that otherwise wouldn't have. So it's in incre incredibly high risk. And so by doing this now, again, it started with an unfavorable, you know, day and a half, kind of an annoying, honestly, unfavorable But. it was annoying. Okay? MSG. And then we have to talk about some comedians thing who's not running for office, who's just happened to be on stage, okay? And now it's very real. This went from annoying to real to like, wow, the president thinks that half the country is garbage. And again, we have a tradition in this country, and this is what's so important is Joe Biden, how many times did he have to say, well, I'm here to unify the country and I don't care if you're a Republican or Democrat, it is all rubbish.


We know this. It's now through rhetoric and action. They hate you, they want to discard you. And the most important point on this is that this dehumanizing language is what led to the worst atrocities of the 20th century. I'm not gonna compare everything to Nazism. That's what the left does, But. it is a fact, when you use this language that wide swaths of people are garbage, then you, you are in your mind, you're able to justify raiding their homes, taking their businesses away, spying on them, following them into Latin mass and doing some of the most grotesque things imaginable because they believe that we are worthy of being discarded eliminated or just disappeared.


Well, that's, that's the thing is like this really is a pattern for these Democrats. Yes, Kamala Harris's hands are dirty too. She may wanna disassociate herself from Biden as her supporters. Now the guys from the pod save America keep saying, oh, you know, Biden's not running for president. He's not on the ticket, but her hands are Just dirty. Is Tony Ratcliff? You've got, right, you've got, you've got Obama calling Republicans, bitter clingers. You've got Joe Biden out with, there are a bunch of garbage. You got Kamala Harris calling them fascists and Nazis. And you got Tim Walsh too out there saying, that was a Nazi rally that we watched at MSG. It was a bunch of Nazis.


It wasn't, he got right up to it. I'll play you the, the double Tim Walsh comments. Here are the original remarks. Donald Trump's got this big rally going at Madison Square Garden. There's a direct parallel to a big rally that happened in the mid 1930s at Madison Square Garden. And And don't think direct parallel that he doesn't know for one second exactly what they're doing there, Direct, parallel to the Nazi rally. And then he gets asked about it by a local reporter yesterday, watch You said over the weekend referring to it, there's a direct parallel to a big rally that happened in the mid 1930s at Madison Square Garden. Well, look, you were comparing that rally to a Nazi rally. Look, I'm comparing it to the hate that came outta this.


And I think they confirmed that You stand by the comparison though, to a Nazi rally. Look, look the rally, you saw it for yourself. I'll let the American public make the decision of what they saw. What about you though? So I know what I saw and I'll just leave it at that Doesn't disavow. I like that journalist. You got bitter clingers, good for him. You got deplorables. How did I forget, Hillary? You got bitter clingers from Obama, you got deplorables from Hillary, you got fascists from Kamala, you got Nazis from Wal, and now you got Garbage from Joe Biden. That is what the Democrats think of the right half of this country. Country. Yeah. And again, i, I just, I I, I'm not one to get overly excited with this because I think it's really dangerous, but this is how you get towards justifying, eliminating people.


And again, I I hope we're not close to that in America. I really don't. But they're not trying to offer an olive branch and try to heal the country. They're basically saying that Charlie Kirk and people like me are, are worthy of gulas and worthy of concentration camps. And if I am wrong, somebody proved me wrong on this. Because Tim Walls had multiple opportunities there and for him to irresponsibly and recklessly. And that journalist did a great job following up, kind of play cutesy with it. So at the MSG rally, what are they saying? Okay, that at a different location, that a bunch of Nazis held something in 1930s, I guess when Bill Clinton accepted a nomination for the Democrat National Party in 1992 in Madison Square Garden, was that a Nazi rally?


'cause that's really a stupid argument. And by the way, half of that arena were like orthodox Jews with Israeli flags. But no, it gets down here, here, here's the, here's the part of it is that this is all they have left. And you notice how they started with heavy emphasis on abortion. They're not doing that as much right now. Heavy emphasis on all of Trump's felony convictions. You don't hear that much right now. They have now gone to their final, final thing, which is honestly, just call them a bunch of fascists and Nazis. And hopefully that will motivate our base. Th this is so poisonous to the political discourse. I I don't know how we heal this Megan, other than these people need to be permanently displaced from power. They need to become permanently in the minority of this country and punished and I mean punished electorally like they need to go and time out for the next two decades and learn a very harsh lesson that this country, the people that they call Nazis and clingers and fascists are gar and garbage are the people that make this country work.


They protect this country. They clean this country. They love this country. They're the backbone of this country. And they're utter contempt for the American people. I mean, I i, if there, if there is any justice left in this world, it will be met with a widespread repudiation this coming Tuesday. It's really, it's stunning to me to watch the turnaround. And it's like, I look forward to watching the same journalist who, who purported to be so outraged about the comics remarks, try to justify this. I really do. Because some of us were consistent. Some of us said this was not good. This was not an okay thing. Rhetoric for a campaign and call out even the comedian and have a perfect line of consistency now that it's the president of the United States calling out half of the country, Sitting president Too.


And by the way, here's the thing, the comic he was doing, what comedians do, he was making a joke at, at a minimum you have to give him that he was making a joke. This isn't a sincerely held feeling by the comic. He was trying to get a laugh out of a group that didn't laugh. By the way, the Trump supporters didn't laugh. Joe Biden wasn't trying to get a laugh line. Well yeah. Deliver one. He, this is his sincere feeling about the country. And it's shared, it's shared by his vice president and it's shared by the man. She would make her vice president. Yeah. And Tony Ratcliffe doesn't have tomahawk missiles. Like Tony Ratcliffe doesn't control the US military, okay? Like Tony Ratcliffe can't just tell the Department of Justice to go after Joe Biden can.


I'm sorry, but I, I'm not worried about, I I maybe I'm crazy. I'm not worried about Joe Biden or Kamala Harris unleashing the military on us. I'm really not, I'm not worried about Trump doing that to the other side. And I'm not worried. But I am a little worried about what you would do to stop someone from winning. If you think he's Hitler and his supporters are Nazis and garbage, like the, the, the what what you just said. Like they deserve this. They brought this on themselves. Having Joe Biden run around saying rogue things. True. That's how they see the right half. They deserve the cheat. They deserve to have it stolen. These people can't be trusted with our abortion rights, et cetera. And the more they ramp up that rhetoric, the less I trust them, the more I start to worry that they actually will cheat to stop Hitler.


Why wouldn't, if I thought Hitler was about to be elected, I I would cheat. I would cheat. I, who wouldn't. So the more they talk like this, the more I worry about Tuesday. Yeah. And there, there's another wrinkle to that, is that the reason they're ramping up the Nazi rhetoric, because of course it's all they have left, is that they want Donald Trump dead and they want to try to spur another lone wolf or two to try to kill Donald Trump or his supporters. So that, that's 100% happened. Because again, it goes back to that whole thing they do dead. We have whole movie. Yeah, of course they do. It's that whole movie Valkyrie, which is okay, you know, wow. The hero of the movie was trying to kill Hitler the entire time acted by Tom Cruise and you know, Dietrich Bonhoeffer.


And you know, we have all these mythologies and they're all correct of the last 70 years of what if we could have killed Hitler, right? We could have prevented World War ii, we could have the suffering. And of course that's legitimate. So now they call him Hitler and they say, okay, six days left. Let's see if a maniac lone wolf can pop off. And of course they want him dead. This is not a par you have, you have comedian after comedian and person after personnel interview, still using the language. I wish he was dead. I hope he was dead. Those supporters are the worst. And so they, they, they have total contempt for us. They do not wanna coexist in a country with us. Lemme say that again. The left, not liberals, the left who run the Democrat party do not want to coexist in a country with us. I actually want to coexist with them. I wanna live and let live you guys. Go do your wacky thing in Berkeley. I'll live my life in Phoenix.


Let's have a nice day. I think that's what used to make America great. They don't believe in that. But the fin the final part of this though, and you, you hit the, hit it perfectly, Megan, is they're trying to release the hounds for millions of instances of micro cheating. Not the big stuff. The big stuff is either well underway and hopefully being thwarted. You know, the Mark Zuckerberg money, that's not happening this time, but micro cheating, think about it. It's the guy that's now gonna steal his neighbor's mail-in ballot. 'cause he knows that it was erroneously sent there and he no longer lives there and fill it out. It, it's the guy that's gonna just kind of cut in line and maybe see that his Republican neighbor put his ballot in his mailbox and it's sitting there and he's just gonna go burn it. They want the micro instances of cheating. That's why they are turning up the temperature right now.


They want the most flagrant, the most ferocious and aggressive rank and file liberals to go the extra mile to bring one for the home team. Because as you say, it perfectly, and I'll go a step further. If you're running against Hitler, not if you think, but actually running against Hitler, you have a moral obligation to cheat. You have a moral obligation to prevent a madman in a maniac. But Donald Trump is not that. Donald Trump is the opposite. And so they, they are creating a scenario like 2020. I don't, I don't know if it's gonna work 'cause it's such a different circumstance. And I think people are so tired of this rhetoric where they're trying to turn up the pressure cooker all the way where maybe another 80,000 people cheating to get another two three votes.


A person is gonna be enough to pre prevent Trump from being president. You've seen these videos of, you know, a woman who saw Trump's side sign on her neighbor's lawn and comes up And. it has the gall to like, knock on the door, demand an explanation, drop a bunch of f-bombs in the face of her neighbor. 'cause she's pissed off. The person's got Trump signs, like the thing over the signs really upsets people. When you openly say that you're supporting Trump, why wouldn't that person cheat if that person could take that person's ballot? That's exactly right. Why wouldn't they? So I mean, I mean I'm all for the mail-in vote, but may maybe drop it in the you you can actually can drop it at most polling places that yourself, but maybe drop it in the, the actual US Post office.


If you've got one of these insane lunatic neighbors. It really is crazy. But back to some of the spin. Okay, so my point in raising what Axios and the AP were writing is that they are putting the lie to Politico spin. None of them is buying apostrophe. They're not, however, they are quick to try to downplay or inject some grayness around it. So you mentioned the AP quickly bringing up after comics, insult of Puerto Rico. You got Axios. If you read their report, they say President Biden handed ammo to gleeful Republicans Tuesday. The story is that he handed ammo. It's not that he called half the country garbage when he seemed to refer to former President Trump supporters as garbage.


This is a good part of his report though, Alex Thompson, I have to say it wa he says, okay, asked if they had spoken to the president to ask him what he meant before sending the transcript. He's speaking with the Biden spokesperson. He said, we, we asked if he had spoken with the president to ask him what he meant before you sent your transcript with your fake apostrophe. And he, he writes, the Biden spokesperson requested to go off the record. So when they asked him, do you talk to the president about what he meant first before you sent out this transcript of the apostrophe, the Biden spokesperson requested to go off the record, Axios declined. Good for them. And the White House did not respond further.


How about that? And then they point out that Biden's comments are the latest example of why Kamala Harris's team has been avoiding campaigning with him. This is a story that we've been meaning to get to for the past few days, but every day there's a new leak about how Biden wants to get out there. And Harris's team keeps saying, no, they don't want anything to do with him. They shoved him to some, you know, New Hampshire campaign office the other day. He went to do some Pennsylvania event by himself with like 12 people. It was like really sad actually. They're not using him. And they understand why. When he went to that New Hampshire thing, that's when he said, we've gotta lock up Donald Trump. And then he tried to save it by saying, I mean, lock him up politically.


But you know, your defenses are down. It's like when you get elderly, when you get dementia, it's almost like when you're drunk and you lose your inhibitions and the truth starts coming out of your mouth. So he is a liability to them. But he's saying all the things we know, he believes and she believes. And then the final point to something you raised online today, it's becoming a thing. May Musk tweeted it. Ri Gaines tweeted it. A bunch of people have tweeted it as saying, I'm proud to be Garbage. I'm garbage. I'd rather be garbage than a Democrat. Like people are leaning into this. Yeah. And it's just gonna snowball. Oh, it, it, it, it's the new deplorables And it, it's even more so because we're six days out from an election.


And there again, this is why it's so risky not to have your last week focused on policy and instead on highly volcanic news cycles. It's very, very risky. And so they went all in on MSG, they're like, okay, early voting numbers aren't good. We don't have momentum this or big break in our opportunity. So they all start talking about it. And then the current president speaks about it very, not just imprecisely, but reveals that he thinks that we're garbage. And now all of a sudden, not only are we back on offense, we're back on offense with like jet fuel. I mean even more so than we were before the MSG rally, where now our base is so motivated and understand this, what is motivating the low propensity voter to go vote for Donald Trump right now?


That he believes that his own government or her own government does not care about them. That is the ethos of the entire Trump movement. There's like a lot of different components. Make America health again, all this stuff. But the what is the core, what is the, the spirit of the Trump movement is that I want my country and my government back because they've been doing stuff that is against our best interest. Let's go take it back. Well now this not just, this plays directly into that accurate sentiment directly into that. And, and I will repeat something I said, Democrats deserve this. They have covered for Joe Biden's mental decline, his entire presidency. They deserve to lose power with the person that they lied about and then jeopardize the entire national security of our country with him.


Thi this is the person that they brought up to the presidency. And in some ways it's an ironic delight to see him continue to jeopardize their political chances. Two predictions, one many, many pictures and people we'll see, many, many pictures on Friday of people dressing up as garbage for Halloween. Yes, that's correct. I, yes, I mean, I just found my new costume. I'm going His garbage. It's, it's just, it's just gonna go, it's gonna light on fire now. It's going to be everywhere. And number two, if the JD vans that he sent out this morning doesn't turn into a campaign ad within the next 12 to 24 hours, then I, I don't understand Team Trump, and I think I do.


He, he tweeted the following, a mother mourning her son who died of a fentanyl overdose is not garbage. A truck driver who can't afford rising diesel prices is not garbage. A father who wants to afford groceries is not garbage. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden ought to be ashamed of themselves. That's it right there. That, that is. And not only that, I mean, I, I tweeted amongst many other people. Corey cappa me was not Garbage the firefighter who put his, who put his entire life in front of his family and they live and he died and he was a hero. He's not garbage. But Joe Biden and Kamala Harris think they are.


And you mentioned this briefly, Megan, worthy of repeating, she has not denounced at the moment of our recording right now, our conversation denounced or distanced herself from anything that Joe Biden said. Period. And so therefore we have to assume that there is a stated position, a contempt for the American body politic held by both of them. No, the spinners are just out there trying to convince us that we didn't hear it. Although I will say even Governor Josh Shapiro was on CN Yep. Right after this happened. And he was caught by surprise on this. And listen to what he said in so five I I had not heard that until now, Kaitlyn. So I'm kind of give you my fresh reaction to it.


I would never insult the good people of Pennsylvania or, or any Americans, even if they chose to support a candidate that I didn't support. That's the governor of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania, which has a very large working class population. This is why John Fetterman got elected. John Fetterman's been jumping up and down warning the Democrats that these people connect very much with Trump. Like take them seriously, engage with them. And instead what he gets is your garbage to the point where they have the own democratic governor who was almost the running mate out there saying, whoa, disassociate. Yeah, I mean, I I what I heard right there is Josh Shapiro saying, Hey Kamala Harris, this is what you get for not choosing me as your vice president.


And so secondly, he's kinda, he's trying to lay the foundation for, he's the most ambitious person besides Gavin Newsom the Democrat party for a 2028 run. But yes, look, I mean the, the he's exactly right. It's quite a perplexing political strategy, isn't it? Which is seven days out from an election call the voters you need most garbage. It's really interesting. Nazi. Yeah, Nazi Nazi's a fascist and, and I wanna say Something maybe will dress up as a fascist and I'll dress up as garbage for. That could be a fun. Yeah, I, I Wouldn't re I wouldn't Recommend I got anything outside the back, the box, The, yeah, I, I don't know if dressing up as a fascist would go well, but the garbage thing I think is great. And that's is that, again, the fascist and the Nazi thing, you don't want to try to appropriate those terms because that, that's just not good.


But definitely really it though. Definitely, yeah. how it costume would, would, yeah, there's no really white Yeah, It could go south fast. It, it, it would definitely go bad. So, but I will say dressing up as garbage, I think is hilarious. Or at least, you know, in waste management jacket or something like that. Which by the way, I'm not the first person to have this idea. I texted team Trump, this President Trump, please go to Philadelphia and go work a garbage route for like 10 minutes. Okay. Just like on the side of the it, the Garbage garbage truck it, garbage, garbage truck. Now it's just like, it's not, it's not even a question. That's it. It's signed seal delivered. It'll Be, it'll be a 49 state win Akin delivery. Does does that. It would, it would be, it, it, it, it, it is game over. I mean it's just, it's waiting for you to do it. And just 10 minutes, alright, 10 minutes put on the jacket.


You could still wear your red tie with the cuff links. Get on the side of the garbage truck with Tony, the garbage man in Bucks County and just go do 10 different homes, right in that like silver linings playbook type Philadelphia neighborhood, you know what, what I'm talking about, right? Like super middle class where they have like a hundred homes lined up in a mile and just go do it. Done. Joe Biden thinks we're garbage, you know, blah, blah blah, blah. I'm out here taking out the garbage with the beautiful people of Philadelphia. Go Eagles, thanks so much my to leave the city, you know, anyway, I'm not the first one at that idea. Ire clear, They're too savvy to miss that opportunity. Okay, now wait, yeah, I do wanna give you some of the spin. We talked a little bit about some of the, the media. So it took CNN about 14 hours to realize the Josh Shapiro message condemning was not the message they wanted.


That's not right. Let's instead try to make excuses for it. It didn't happen. Maybe we'll go with the apostrophe or maybe we'll go with this old chestnut courtesy of CNN guest Franklin Leonard, who's the CEO of the blacklist sat six. Joe Biden has never been a big arena speaker. He's never been the most fluid speaker. And by the way, as someone who had a stutter growing up, it's very obvious to me that there's an apostrophe at the end of supporters There. Hey, you let, let me just accept the most charitable framing of this, which you just gave. Yeah. Why is he sitting in front of a laptop at the exact same moment? Kamala Harris is out on his backyard trying to give the closing argument to her campaign.


What in the world is he doing? Scott Jennings on the backend. Yep. how it was the stutter Charlie. Yeah, it was, it was his stutter. Yeah. It was a little boy from Scranton who couldn't put two sentences together because of this. I mean, the whole, whole thing is just, is so repulsive. And again, he's the sitting president of the United States. He's the mentor and the boss of the person trying to get the job and the media knows it. I mean, here they are. They again, they went all in on this flimsy narrative on that Trump's report is the worst thing ever. And then they actually then embody the thing. I mean, what does a fascist do? What does a Nazi do? He calls people Uner menes. Let's just be honest.


Okay. Adolf Hitler justified the extermination of millions and millions of Jews, eight, 9 million Jews by calling them Uner Menes under menes. Literally subhuman. And if you were to go look at a, you know, a, a cinnamon, a synonym tree on a thesaurus, thesaurus would be garbage, subhuman garbage on human garbage, not human. Okay, well this is, this is the, they are now embodying the very same thing that they accused us of for quite some time. You've got Kamala Harris, this is the sort of the, the other perfect piece of this standing up there at the ellipse. I will say her delivery was better than I expected.


She's like learning to modulate her voice better. She's trying to get rid of her horrific vocal fry voice. She can't, but I'm just, I noticed that she tried and she delivered this message, which sounded great. If you knew nothing about Kamala Harris, if you had not heard her calling Donald Trump a fascist on camera with Anderson Cooper days before, not to mention all over her campaign messaging and Hitler and so on, you might actually think maybe she does wanna unify. Maybe she actually is open-minded to Donald Trump and his supporters. If, if she were to win, and this is how she sounded as her partner back at the White House was saying, what we've been discussing sat nine America for too long.


We have been consumed with too much division chaos and mutual distrust. And, it can be easy then to forget a simple truth. It doesn't have to be this way. Amen. It doesn't have to be this way. It is time to stop pointing figures. We have to stop pointing fingers and start locking arms. It is time to turn the page on the drama and the conflict, the fear and division. It is time for a new generation of leadership in America.


And I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States of America. She's such a fraud, Charlie. I mean, I mean beyond a fraud. I mean, she's a very dangerous person. And I mean, I just wanna be clear, she must be defeated. The, the they, they are trying to do this last ditch unity appeal and you can hear all the lobbyists on K Street applauding her. And so of course she does her closing message in dc Of course she does, obviously, I mean, this is who she, this is her constituency, the people that extract all your money and your wealth to make themselves richer and allow them to have infinitely better lives than you.


And they have a $6 trillion annual budget. Of course, she does her closing message there, obviously. And so look, if you know nothing about the framing, yeah, I mean, it's nicely scripted. But again, aren't you the vice president? So we want a new generation of leadership, shouldn't we get rid of you? And this kind of parlays into something that I, one of the reasons why I think Donald Trump is so hard to beat the cycle, not I think he's gonna win, but why I think the Democrats are really struggling to defeat him is that Donald Trump, of course, for the first time since non-consecutive terms of Grover Cleveland, we've never seen anything like this, is that Donald Trump has unique challenger advantages and incumbency advantages. And I haven't heard anyone break it apart like this, which is that he's able to say, look at my amazing record, vote for me, all the things I did, while also challenging and criticizing the person currently in office, which also has a great advantage.


And so, and then when they try to attack Trump, he's like, well, no, my record is here, but I'm not in office. You're in office. And so it's almost as if he's immune to any criticism of people's current suffering. Understandably, he's not in office, but he also has the advantages of not just being a challenger, but also having a legitimate resume to point to. And so the Democrats don't know how to exactly deal with that. He's both a challenger and an incumbent in this combination. I will say though, that I I, if Kamala Harris gets power as the presidency, I mean, there will be, there will be mass imprisonment of political dissonance. There will be homes being raided and we, we will enter an incredible, incredibly dark chapter in this country. I mean, I, I, as I say, don't really believe that, but I do believe people will be targeted because we've seen them targeted under Joe Biden.


We've seen people praying outside of abortion clinics targeted. We've seen people praying silently around the issue of abortion too close to abortion clinics get prosecuted as though they had committed some violent crime. We've seen parents labeled domestic terrorists just for standing up for their children at school board meetings. We've seen two of Trump's top aides thrown in jail for contempt of Congress when we've never seen that before for, you know, political players like this. It's like, you're not, I don't dismiss it entirely. I it's the word mass is what I'm taking issue with. But let me just give you this because you see her with her sweeping, uplifting message. You know, like I, I'm the Michelle Obama going high version. Meanwhile, Michelle Obama is basically like, the Republicans will kill you, they will kill your women.


Go vote Kamala. So she's decided to leave the highbrow message. So Kamala goes out there and says like, let's lock arms in Unity. And then you get Joe Biden, and then you get the, the guys who are on that Pod Save America podcast, Obama's guys running cover for, For they're, they're for her. They're so sarcastic, Right? So this guy John Favreau tweets out, Joe Biden is not a candidate for president as if he's just some no, no nothing. You know, he's as unknown as that comedian, right? He's not running. Hello. He's the sitting president. He's the reason she's vice president. And the reason she's the nominee, Kamala Harris is a candidate for president tonight.


She said, if she wins, she'll always listen to Trump supporters and give them a seat at the table. Okay, lemme just stop there. That's a lie. That's not what she said. What she said was, I pledge if elected to listen to experts, to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make and to people who disagree with me, unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe people who disagree with me are the enemy. I'll give them a seat at the table. People who disagree with me, she's talking about Liz Cheney, she's talking about Adam Kinzinger, these former Republicans, at least in his case, I think he's former, who are still technically more affiliated with the right, but support her, including her crazy abortion stance, abandoning their previous positions.


Just because they have such severe TDS. It's absurd to say, to take that and say she's going to, she's going to listen to Trump supporters and give Trump supporters a seat seat at the table. Hell no, they couldn't even get a seat at the January 6th hearings. Charlie, it's a blatant lie. And then you get Ben Rhodes also part of this group. Obama's former speech writer, Joe Biden, is not the democratic nominee. Again, this is all coordinated as if he's a nothing right now. He's a nobody. Kamala Harris is, Trump can't win a fight between the past and the future because he's a washed up demagogue who attacks Americans as the enemy within and understands nothing about anyone other than himself. Now, back to the end of the John fav row tweet, Trump is the candidate for President Trump said Harris supporters are the enemy from within who he might use the military against.


He never said that. He's never said, he's not saying her supporters are the enemy within. He's made that clear. He talks about people like Adam Schiff by name, who's twice tried to impeach him, whose daughter's trying to convict him. And the military comment as this audience well knows, was made in the context of what if there is chaos on election day, what would you do to control it and tamp it down to keep order? And Trump said, if I have to use the National Guard of the military, I, I'm open to that. He's not talking about this, but they have made such a lie out of this Charlie, they make lies out of what, what's real. And, and they, and they make Well, I mean like whether it's for or against him. So like this is something that Trump didn't say that they try to make real, then they take something Joe Biden did say and try to make it false.


Yeah. And, and that's what the pod tape of America bro gang does. Again, I try not to listen to 'em. It's, it's like so sarcastic, so smug. It is like perfect central casting for the state of the American Democrat party, which is, I'm smarter than you. And just listen to me joke around for the next hour and a half about how right. I am just really, really hard to listen to. But yeah, look, I mean, like if I was Joe Biden, I mean, you, you have to wonder how how bitter he feels towards this entire thing. And I, I deep down don't think he wants Kamala Harris to become president. I don't think he wants Trump to win. I don't think he likes Trump at all, actually. I don't, I don't believe that. But I think that he really feels slighted. We saw the lip reading allegedly of what he said at Ethel Kennedy's funeral with Barack Obama and understand the whole argument is that Joe Biden needed to go because he only had one path to the White House, which was that he had to win all three rust belt states.


Now, I'm not ready to make any broad proclamations, Megan, but based on early voting, polling sentiment, voter registration and likelihood of probability of victory, it's the exact same situation that Joe Biden was in back in June, like the exact same, we're at Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Kamala Harris needs to carry all three. So it's the same exact situation. And you have to wonder Joe Biden say, wow, you removed me so that you could go back to the exact same situation. And there is an argument that even though Joe Biden was, you know, mentally incapacitated, he was still doing better with white working class voters and Catholics in Pennsylvania than Kamala Harris is right now. And so I I I, if I were to guess, they're gonna put Joe Biden completely out to the reservation.


Now he's not gonna do any more public comments, but at this point, at this point, he has just delivered a major, get out the vote and turn out boost for the Republican side. It's, it's over for Joe Biden in the Zoom calls. I'm afraid he's gonna have to go back to Rehoboth Beach and try to enjoy what's left of the warm weather. Alright, Charlie mentions early voting. As you guys know, Charlie's group is hugely responsible for the get out the vote effort in, in certain states. And he's been working with lots of other groups. But we're gonna ask him how that's going and we'll give you Trump's response to this whole kerfuffle over, you know, half the country being garbage. Right after this quick break, Charlie stays with me for the full show.


Let me ask you a question. Do you think our country's going in the right direction? Are you one of the 20% who thinks so? Or does it feel more like things are falling apart? If you are feeling alarmed, you're not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life have taken action to prepare for whatever's coming next. And that could start with having an emergency food supply. Storing food in your home can be valuable, really valuable. Not to mention brings you peace of mind in this crazy time in America, which explains why so many people are preparing right now. You can get ready too with a three month emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey wheat bread and mushroom rice pof. The entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. This food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country will look like then, but you can know you'll be ready for what comes go to prepare with megan.com. Now, to order your three month emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply, that's prepare with megan.com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Remember Hillary? She said deplorable and then she said irredeemable. Right? But she said deplorable that didn't work out. Garbage I think is worse. Right? But he doesn't know. You have to please forgive him. Please forgive him for he not knoweth what he said. These people, it's terrible, terrible, terrible to say a thing like that. But he really doesn't know. He really, honestly, he doesn't, and I'm convinced that he likes me more than he likes Kamala convict Trump with a rather subdued reaction.


You could argue to Charlie, right? Charlie Kirk's back with me of Turning Point USA. His group has done massive get out the vote efforts when it comes to early voting and ballot chasing, which we'll talk about just a little bit more from Trump, who tweeted out or posted, while I am running a campaign of positive solutions to save America, Kamala Harris is running a campaign of hate. She has spent all week comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. That is 100% true. That is not hyperbole. Now, on top of everything, Joe Biden calls our supporters garbage. You can't lead America if you don't love the American people. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have shown they're both unfit to be president. I'm proud to lead the biggest, broadest, and most important political coalition in American history.


We are welcoming historic numbers of Latinos, African Americans, Asian Americans, and citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. It is my desire to be the president of all the people. Now, she said stuff like that in her speech, Charlie, about how she wants to be president for all the people. But then you look at and how she wants to lock arms and she's sure she's gonna, she's gonna deal with people who disagree with her. The spin is Trump supporters, not what she said. But you actually look at the speech and she called Trump a petty tyrant. She called Trump a wannabe dictator. She called Trump unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance out for unchecked power. I could go on the, the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. And you know what, Phil Houston, my favorite human lie detector, CIA 25 years invented the deception detection program.


There always says that when the, and the people know this anecdotally, but like when your head is shaking yes, but your mouth is saying no, there's an incongruity there that immediately strikes the listener as false. It's a tell that you're lying because doing that is doing like this. You know where you pat and you rub the belly at the same time, And, it's kind of hard to get 'em both going. Your body doesn't wanna do incongruent things, but that's all she did. She said all the nice words. She wants to bring us together. She's gonna have Republicans at the table while she calls Trump a petty tyrant and calls him Hitler or her vice presidential running mate suggest we're all Nazis and so on.


Like, just because somebody could write a nice speech for her, does it persuade people to people listening in these swing states, Charlie, hear that and say, huh, nicer tone got the vocal fry slightly under control. I'm going, Harris. Yeah, I don't think so. First of all, I mean, it was during the World Series, so any sensible person wasn't wa wasn't watching Kamala Harris speak last night. But let, lemme just say that, lemme tell you her strategy because the, the early voting numbers are not looking great for her. The Democrat base is not turning out in big numbers as of this conversation right now. So she has to try to win over a ton of election day high propensity voters. People that are in the suburbs, people that are college educated, that tilt center, right?


A Republican. And that is where her messaging is going. Here's a general rule of politics that if you are trying to persuade in the last week before an election, you're not in a great spot. Notice Donald Trump is not really in the persuasion business right now. He's in the turnout business saying, reminder, here are the five things I wanna do. Boom, boom, boom, boom, go vote, go big. Go vote early. Where Kamala Harris, she doesn't have that advantage. She's still trying to chase headlines and persuade people in order for Kamala Harris to win, which is possible. I don't discount that. I'm not one of those people that say, oh, it's gonna be a landslide. I think it's gonna be very close. And I think that we need everybody to go vote But it. She needs to do a co.


The stars really do need to align for her though, and it's possible, but it's hard. Number one, there needs to be a late breaking of independence in her direction. Sizable. So we talk about late breakers, right? Megan Witch is like, okay, people in the middle that have no idea how they're gonna vote to election day, which way are they going to tilt? If they tilt 50 50, it's not gonna be great for her. She needs to win those like 65, 40, 65, 35, almost 70 30. So that's, that's number one. Number two, that there, she needs there to be a quiet pro-abortion vote that nobody's detecting in the polling. Now I could tell you I don't think that exists because I have now done well over 20 campus stops, Megan, and as I do them, well, thousands of kids, thousands of kids attend.


We had 5,000 University of Georgia. You can usually tell, are there any counter protests? There's like four or five people maybe. So the energy in the spirit on that topic is there for the base, but I think it really tapers off and plateaus beyond that. She also then needs to have massive female turnout and there needs, she needs to win like 70% of the female vote in battleground states that that is gonna be very difficult for her. But it's possible. And she needs people to basically lie to their husbands, which they're promoting, by the way. Which I find that entire advertising campaign so repulsive. It is so disastrous. It is just like, I'll show it in a minute, Embodi, it is the embodiment of the downfall of the American family. I think it's so gross. I think it's so just nauseating where this wife is wearing the, you'll show it wearing the American hat.


She's coming in with her sweet husband who probably works his tail off to make sure that she can go, you know, and have a nice life and provide to the family. And then she lies to him saying, oh yeah, I'm gonna vote for Trump. And then she votes for Kamala Harris as her little secret in the voting booth. Kamala Harris and her team believe that there'll be millions of women that undermine their husbands and do so in a way that it's not detectable in the polling. So that that's something they're counting on. And if that's correct, that that speaks for much deeper moral decay of the country, Meghan, than anything that politics could ever solve. Right. Angle In. But you know, our, should we really be surprised? Kamala Harris is married to a man who has been in credibly accused to use the less favorite term as yes, a woman beater.


Okay, that's who she married and she won't comment on it. His denial was a non-denial. Denial. The report is untrue. And then went on to offer character evidence of how he would never strike a woman. The woman went on the record anonymously, but with a great detail, with the Daily Mail about what happened to her when he wailed her across the face for no reason. They weren't even fighting. This is a year before he started up with Kamala. This is an ancient history. So then by Doug Emh H's own account, when Kamala Harris was elevated to the position of nominee the day Joe Biden dropped out, she couldn't find Emh, he was in a spin class, whatever. And when she finally got him on the phone, her first response was, where the f were you?


Something I have literally never uttered to Doug in the 18 years we've been together. I don't speak to my husband who I love and adore like that, nor does he speak to me like that. We have a respectful, loving relationship and that, so it doesn't surprise me that she and her team would come up with let's do something that talks about dishonesty and division in a marriage where someone betrays the other and that's totally normal. That's that they don't have the kind of marriage where they can just be honest about their political differences. The wife must lie to her husband, the father of her children, in order to support me.


Kamala Harris. It, it, it, it, it it is really, it's demented. And they, just to be clear, they, they are promoting, I, I don't wanna say infidelity 'cause that's not fair to say, But. It's like, it's a form of, it's a form of dishonesty of marital dis dishonesty. Yeah, no, that's exactly right. There's a form of marital dishonesty. So Kamala Harris's path to the White House is marital subversion. That's a better way to say it, is that if Kamala Harris were to win there, there would be, there would be widespread marital subversion. I want everyone to understand that. If you're on the fence about voting, Kamala Harris wants to get power so badly. She wants to turn wives against husbands and think that's like cool and does a television advertisement against it.


Let's watch it. They're they're bragging about this. Yes, please Standby Your turn, honey, In the one place in America where women still have a right to choose, They're at a polling station, You can vote any way you want. She's looking at Trump versus Harris, and no one will ever know. Two women are looking at each other. They Fell into their Paris. Did you make the right choice? Sure did honey remember what happens in the booth? Stays in the booth. Oh my God. And then not, not for, you know, just for good measure. They make the, the male Trump supporter look like a complete doofus. Of course, obviously.


And it's just, it, it it, this is the state of the Democrat party, which is like, oh yeah, your husband is dumb and an IBU soul doesn't matter if he works his tail off to make sure the mortgage is paid and the bills are paid and is a good father to the kids. But when it comes to Kamala Harris subvert, 'cause that matters more. And so they think that's gonna happen at scale. They've said that not as explicitly as that advertisement, but Jen O'Malley, Dillon or whatever her name is, the the rocket scientist running her campaign has said, we think there's a quiet suburban woman vote of people that will not be detected in the data versus the household is what they say. They're much more polite, you know, as the campaign.


And then finally, they, they believe that Democrat, this is the more unusual one, which is just gonna be really hard to believe. Again, I I'm not discounting it 'cause anything is possible with this stuff, but they're counting on Democrats changing their voting habits and showing up big on election day. That, that would be interesting, honestly, that that would be quite remarkable. We, we don't see any data with that because right now the early voting numbers are favoring Republicans in many of the swing states. In fact, Republicans and Democrats are almost even in early voting nationally. So Kamala Harris needs a lot of those things to kind of align. She's underwater on every issue except abortion. She's underwater on capacity to lead and serve underwater, even on likability and favorability.


And so what is her closing message? Call the opposition. Fascists and Nazis, I will say for people in the middle moderates, they tell pollsters they are repulsed with that kind of language and that kind of rhetoric, which again, they used to be, oh, Donald Trump has raised the rhetoric. By the way, you're a bunch of Nazis, moderate swing voters do not like that at all. And so I can't imagine that is gonna be persuasive. But no, Charlie, There's backup for that. They, not only did we hear a report earlier this week from Dan Turntine who's on two-way with Halperin, that the messaging had gone out in the swing states Yes. To the, the lower ticket politicians, you know, like those running for US Senate lower than president. You don't have to follow that. You don't have to do what she's doing.


And there's some data to suggest you shouldn't do what she's doing. But just this morning on the daily, they reported the same that, that they, their testing in the Democrat circles is showing that's not working. That the people don't like it. Yeah, it's not a good closing message, which is why they think she, she was gonna try, they they taped it before last night's speech to be more uplifting in her speech yesterday. But I mean, how do you spend weeks saying they're Nazis, they're fascists, they're Hitler, and then say, rainbows, unicorns, yay, follow me. No, no, but the whole time the rainbow, this is very important. Let, let, let's play this out. This is how sick and dishonest, okay, so Kamala, you're gonna allow people, you're gonna allow a Nazi to seat at the table to help you decide policy. Do you actually believe the crap you're spewing?


Are you gonna go bring a bunch of Nazis and unite the country with them? No, either. Which one is it, Kamala, that you want an uplifting future or that half the country are worthy of extermination? Like, I, I love when they say, you know, I'm, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna put a Trump supporter in my cabinet. Wow, which one GOs reichman. I mean, so I mean, you call all, you know, all of us as the worst people on the history of the planet, and then all of a sudden you wanna bridge together the super Pac that Kamala Harris runs, not runs, but I'm sorry, that super Pac that is outside of her campaign supported has basically said, they said in the New York Times, stop doing this. The data is bad. Do not do this. And so Megan, what I think is happening, and I don't have any evidence of this, and I hope I'm correct, is that I think it's a bunch of young zealots that are in the Kamala Harris campaign that are high in their own supply, that are like, just call them what we all know what they are, give us the red meat that we deserve.


And they're trying to also boost Democrat turnout because their Democrat turnout is not there like it was in 2020 proportionally. So they have simultaneous problems going right now. And again, i I just, I think it's a dark chapter of American history that we have to enter, and we have to even be talking about this. Donald Trump gets called all the worst names imaginable. I I, I do not know any instance where Donald Trump called half the country garbage or trash. Instead, he tries to win over their vote. He says, come on and support me and our movement is better and here's why. No. Has he referred to all Kamala supporters or the left never as the enemy he would never do from within. That's not how, how he's using that term.


He's using that to describe the people who stole his first term for him from him by the Russia hoax and the BS impeachment and also shot him and the constant undermining and the people who shot him, the people who have made it their mission to try to get him impeached or indicted. And that's correct. Unleashed Law fair against, I, we every sane person gets that But. It's been amazing how the media has just refused entirely to even try to stay factual on what he actually said. And they're the ones too who wanna hear the fascist lines. I mean, Mika Brezinski was on the View the other day almost crying about what a fascist Donald Trump was. I was saying this to my friend Paul Murray, who's in Australia on Sky News, Mika Brezinski and Joe Scarborough did more than anybody to get Donald Trump elected the first time back in 2016.


They licked the man's boots. It was truly almost r-rated. What happened on that show every morning with Donald Trump, what the three of them were doing. They were in a threesome with Donald Trump. And then suddenly now she wants to, she like, oh my God, I was in a threesome with Hitler. I I had no idea. Like, it's just so obvious and it's transparent, and I do think it's one of the reasons why it isn't working. But for me, it all comes back to, and we'll drop this in later for the YouTube audience, there was that shot behind the scenes of the Kain Jean Pierre staff, the comm staff at the White House, And. it was your worst nightmare of like all DEI hires like these young women who looked like they were about 14 with all due respect to 14-year-old women.


They should not be deciding White House messaging every, you know, racial group, whatever. It was very clear they were looking for a panoply of colors and sexes and blah, blah, blah. And there's zero chance these people had enough life experience to actually be running White House comms and coming up with messaging on the most serious issues of our time. And I guarantee you, those are the people who've transferred over to her or her team looks exactly like that. Hundred percent. And they're deciding Hitler's the way to go, fashion's the way, or they don't understand. These middle Americans who are perhaps a little bit more mature, have had some life experience, have lived through a bunch of elections where there's these kinds of terms get thrown around about Republicans only and they, they don't believe this crap.


That's right. And I, I think that, I think the revolutionaries that are within Kamala's campaign have taken over the messaging. And again, if I end up being wrong and Kamala Harris wins this election a week from today, and I'll say, wow, I guess that's the way you get power in this country. You just declare war on the other half you don't like it would be a first in American history, right? I mean that you can assume power by just saying the other half of the country is the worst thing imaginable. But I, I just, my instinct and my gut, and I'm not alone, a lot of other Democrats are saying it. And to the Young Turks credit, again, I think in at times they're a little bit clownish and they certainly attack me all the time on YouTube. However, I get along with Anika Sper and Chink Unger or whatever his name is, and they've been tweeting out being like, guys, this is how you, this is how you lose an election.


I mean, to their credit, they've been incredibly intellectually honest on Twitter saying, what are you doing guys? Like, they're, they're like, this is the stupidest thing that you could possibly be doing seven days out from an election for no other reason. And this is their words, that you're just giving more motivation for Republicans like myself to go get more family members to go vote. You're just giving more ammunition for the base of the party to work harder because we think it is a survival election now. And because you can see these people hate me. They don't just disagree with me. Yes, they hate me. And so it's just like watching CNN the same way you feel.


She just responded. Kamala Harris just weighed in, oh, on garbage gate. Let's take a listen. President Biden took his comment last night about Garbage. Listen, I think that first of all, he clarified his comments. But let me be clear, I strongly disagree with any criticism of people based on who they vote for. It's, you heard my speech last night and continuously throughout my career. I believe that the work that I do is about representing all the people, whether they support me or not. And as president of the United States, I will be a president for all Americans, whether you vote for me or not my responsibility.


And that's the kind of work that I've done my entire career, and I take it very seriously. Have you Spoken to him about Takes it very seriously. Take take it up with your vice president. Yeah. And also again, so which one again? The, the correct follow-up question is, well, Kamala Harris, you called them fascists, and now you say that you want a unit, which one is it? Actually, you gotta choose because on Sunday everyone was fascists, and now that your president calls everyone garbage, it's like, oh, no, no, I, I'm okay with people that disagree with me. So which one is it exactly? Kamala Harris. Alright, let's talk about where we are in this election right now, because people are voting the election's underway. I didn't know this, but apparently Nevada, historically, like there's almost no day of voting.


Yes, I Have all the Numbers here happens in the lead up. Yeah. So I wanna talk about it. I'll I'm gonna start with this. Steve Bannon is, thank goodness outta prison and back at the helm of his show, he mentioned you and Elon the other day and also had a warning for Team Trump. Listen to slot 23. My fear is that some people I think are trying to lean on the shovel, say, look at the polls, these polls, and Trump always under polls, and he does this always trumps up 3, 4, 5, Hey, maybe that's the case, but that's theoretical right now. Reality is, is the electorate we bring on November 5th. Look, Elon Musk is one of the smartest guys in the world, right?


If not the smartest practical engineer in the world. Charlie Kirk is incredibly smart. Look where they've put their efforts over the last couple of months. It is flat out get out the vote. And we have to put in superhuman efforts to support the Elon Musk of the world to support the Charlie Kirks of the world to support the other organizations that are out there doing this. I'm sure, yeah, I'm sure you're too modest to agree with how smart you are, but you are. But do you agree with every word he's spoken there? Well, I, I, I, first of all, I'm so glad Steve's outta jail and it's just so unjust what happened to him so unjust. And that's, that's worthy of another show. Yes. So first and foremost, I don't like cockiness.


I got so upset the other day. I sent out a tweet, it went super viral of this person that was texting for tickets to the inauguration. I said, what the heck? Inauguration. I was like, lose my number and a lot of other four letter words. And then somebody says, I need to get on the phone with you right now. It was one of our donors, nice person. It's urgent. I was like, wow, okay. I mean, it was like someone in the hospital like, do you need a favor? Like, what can I do? He's like, no, I want to talk to you about me joining the administration. I said, well what, what administration are you talking about? You, you, you wanna join the administration? You mean Biden administration? I said, there is no administration. And he's like, oh, you know, I think Trump's gonna win. I said, you are a waste of rations right now. Respectfully. I said, I don't wanna hear about transition.


I don't wanna hear about policy. I care about votes and ballots in boxes for the next six days. That's all I care about. We have to play as if we are down. I don't care about vibes, I don't care about polls. I certainly don't care about betting markets and I don't care about crowd sizes. I care about are you able to get new voters into the system coming Tuesday? Now, the numbers are pretty remarkable, Megan, and we have at Turning point action, I'll give the credit to the organization, we have worked our tail off to try to change the culture of early voting. You know this Megan, we've come on this program a couple times and we've talked about this, which is to try to vote early, expand the voting base, engage in voting month and ballot chase. So it's almost, it's like a rule that we lose mail and early voting in Nevada, well, as of right now, we are 42 thou Republicans are winning early voting in Nevada by 42,000 votes.


And that, that is just unheard of remarkable. In North Carolina in 2020, at this point in time, Democrats had about 1.4 million mail-in votes, Republicans, 1.1 million. As of right now, 2024 Republicans, 1.148 million Democrats, 1.166 million without a lot of Republicans on day of. So Democrats are down nearly 300,000 mail-in votes in the state of North Carolina. A state by the way, that Donald Trump carried by nearly a hundred thousand votes. Excuse me, Arizona. So in Arizona at this time, back in 2020, Democrats were beating Republicans by about a hundred thousand early votes. Right now, Republicans are up 127,000 votes in early voting.


Now some people might say, but Charlie, you're just transferring election day votes and you're cannibalizing. There is a little bit of that, Megan, but it's actually far less than people realize. This is largely driven by low propensity voters, first time voters and people that otherwise would not vote. And even if it is some cannibalization, at least they voted, they, we don't have to worry about them showing up on election day. It makes the line shorter, it makes it easier for us to know who to target as we get closer. And so I don't wanna speak for the Democrats, maybe one will come on your show. But in these early vote numbers are very, very good for Republicans. In fact, nationally, this is what's amazing. Democrats only have a 1 million vote advantage in early voting across the country, nationally, 1 million vote advantage.


And as you know, as we get closer to election day, the electorate gets redder and redder. Okay, can you help me make sense of John Ralston's latest post? So he's like the, the guru on Nevada and tweets a lot of very loving things about Kamala Harris. So I, I don't think he's a nonpartisan guy, but seems to actually understand the numbers in Nevada. And he says, kind of what you just said, he's been doing these updates every day and, and they all seem to be going the GOP's way. He says, bottom line, still not enough. Clark mail ballots. Clark County is Vegas, right? That's correct, Yeah. Okay, that's right. So he says, still not enough Clark mail ballots to offset GOP in person votes and rural title wave 'cause GOP is there, people are voting in person there too.


GOP statewide lead. Now exactly what you said, 42,800 or 5.6%. Then he says the Clark GOP in-person win today. I think this is yesterday was the lowest it's been so far, only nine points, but only 9,000 Clark mail ballots counted, which helped de Dems gain 2200 more than offset by Clark in person. I don't understand that he goes on to say there are more Clark in person votes 274,000 than Clark mail-in ballots 260,000. It seems impossible that will last. And those are rural margins, which he's got an exclamation point after this is all Greek to me.


Then he writes, we are closing in on 60% of the vote being in 60% and maybe already there if Dems are not doing well with the 200,000 independents who have voted and the 200,000 more likely to vote. And if the low volume of Clark ballots does not change in the next week, he says it seemingly has to, 'cause we're only at 57% of what we had in 2020, the Dems will lose Nevada for the first time in 20 years. Okay, can you put any meat on that for Me? Yeah. So I, I got, I I got most of that. First of all, what he's saying is that turnout is low. What? That, that's the first thing is that Democrats are not showing up at the rate of Republicans. The fact that in-person early voting is outpacing mail is remark.


I mean, that's like unheard of. So think about it in-person, early voting is like mini election day every day up until the election. So you have to drive in a car, go vote. Those people tend to be far more Republican than Democrat. Far more like 70% to 30% mail tends to be very Democrat. What he's getting at though is that there is this missing gap of probably hundreds of thousands of Democrats that have received ballots that are just not turning them in. So that is a result of a couple things, probably because there is lower Democrat enthusiasm for Kamala than anyone would realize. I've been saying this for a couple weeks. All the experts said I was wrong. I said, guys, I'm on these campuses. I'm telling you there is not the uprising for this that I I'm telling you it is not there. There is no energy for Kamala on campus.


People say, oh, no, no, look, I said, no, I'm telling you there's gonna be a drop off here. And I don't know how significant, number one, excuse me, number two, that the, the Democrat culinary machine might not, it might be weakening that Donald Trump saying no tax on tips. And Donald Trump saying that no tax on overtime, he might be breaking the back of Harry Reid's machine. And we don't, I don't wanna say that yet, but remember Harry Reid built this very complex, incredibly efficient culinary union machine that would go gather ballots and dump them into the system. And Donald Trump might be breaking that just through being the representative of the muscular class. What he is saying though, what Ralston is saying, I'm not a Nevada expert, but I know enough to be dangerous, is that as we get closer to the election, the rules have not roared yet.


And the rules go very, very red. And so typically here's what happens typically is that Democrats build their own firewall in Clark County, usually around, if it's, it's, if it's competitive race, 30 to 40,000 ballots in their direction. And then Republicans show up huge in the rural, in Alco and in the rural part of the, this, the rural parts of the states, Washoe is usually a break even, which is right near Reno, Nevada, but it's been tilting, right? In recent years, there's more and more Californians flee California for better taxes, a better way of life. And then you just try to lose by enough on Clark, by Clark County to offset it to maybe win by 10,000 votes. What we now see is Republicans leading 42,000 statewide. We've, we've, this is like, this is a brave new world, Meghan.


We've never seen this. So Democrats need to try to chip into that Republican firewall, if not make it even. And, and they are running out of time. And so what Ralston is saying though is he is like, I think the Democrats are gonna start dumping a lot of ballots. I'm not saying fraudulently just that there's a lot of ballots out there, but they, there's a lot the, the time is running thin. Now the other thing is that the Jen O'Malley Dillon and the Democrats are saying, oh no, we don't have a a Nevada problem. The independents are for us significantly. I was just in Nevada, Megan, I think that's a bunch of rubbish. I think it's gonna be a wash. I spent a lot of time with people that were taxi drivers, Uber drivers, the people that make Vegas work and understand Trump does well in Vegas. 'cause that is like the muscular class capital of the west.


You know, we think of it for all the, you know, let's say lower, lower parts of humanity, but to make that city work, I mean we're talking about hundreds of thousands of service workers and chefs and linesmen and janitors and valet. I mean, tho that's really why that city works. And those people are tilting Trump and they typically are registered Democrats or independents and unlikely to be Republicans. So all that to say, Megan, the Democrats are in a panic mode in Nevada. And if the media at any honesty, they'd be covering this nationally. And the reason they're not is they think it's gonna have ripple effects in other states. But we, we are in a, in a favorable position in Nevada, the likes of which we couldn't imagine. Wow. We have full, we have, we have 30 full-time people on the ground in Nevada every single day legally harvesting votes and legally chasing votes every single day.


Okay, let's talk about North Carolina because there was a remarkable report yesterday via the Carolina Journal that Kamala Harris has pulled her ads out of North Carolina. According to the ad tracking firm ad impact, the Harris Walls presidential campaign has changed much of its remaining ad spending in North Carolina in the last week of the election, polling millions of dollars worth of ads from the major North Carolina media markets that, let's see, there was an October 29th Expost election, 2024 yesterday the Kamala Harris campaign placed new North Carolina politics ads, reservations totaling 2.7 million for the final week of the election. This morning.


The campaign is cutting from those North Carolina reservations. So far today we've seen over 2 million removed from the North Carolina markets, Trump campaigns, Chris Avita posts, Kamala Harris is giving up on North Carolina, pulling money out maybe to drop in Virginia to try and stop the slide. And then the North Carolina jo, the Carolina Journal goes on to say North Carolina is almost two weeks into early voting and seeing significant upticks in turnout among registered Republicans and a drop among registered Democrats. More than 3 million votes have already been cast in the election. And comparing turnout to this point in 2020 elections expert Dr. Andy Jackson of the c CITAs Center for re public integrity reports that Democrats turnout is down by more than 340,000 voters.


Republican turnout is up by 9,000. So let's do North Carolina. Yeah. And so North Carolina, they've spent a ton of money here. It's where I am right now, actually do an event here in North Carolina. Have another event tomorrow with the great JD Vance. And so the Democrats have been betting really big, and here's the, here's the story of Georgia, North Carolina is they need as good black turnout as they got in 2020 to even have a chance that that's just number one. And they are nowhere near it. Like nowhere near it. Black Americans are staying at home. And, it is a double whammy, Meghan, not only are they staying at home, the ones that are voting, they are losing about one out of four of every black men.


And that that alone throws off their models, but they're not even showing up in as big numbers. So black Americans are staying at home and the ones that are voting, they're losing one out of four of black men, black women still remain incredibly loyal to the Democrat party, which is a tragedy, but that's an issue for another time. So, excuse me, in North Carolina, it's divi. North Carolina is a very interesting state. It's incredibly conservative and incredibly rural in the western part that got slammed by the hurricane and all the flooding But. it has become more and more Northeastern as the research triangle, which is Winston-Salem and Raleigh and Durham have continued to grow and to gentrify and to become more and more like a, a mini version of Greenwich, Connecticut down in the mountains.


So it's, it's been a battleground state for a couple of years now. Donald Trump looks really, really good on the ground here. The fact that Democrats aren't showing up is basically demoralizing. They needed record turnout to even have a chance. And remember they had record turnout in 2020 and Donald Trump still carried the state by a hundred thousand votes. Hmm. Wow. I mean those are two big ones. Obviously the, the big magilla is Pennsylvania. There was a, yeah, that's right. Weird poll out of Michigan that showed Harris up five. But there have been several others that showed Trump up or the race tide. We're gonna take up Michigan and the other swings and how Charlie thinks the get out the vote effort is going in globally, you know, in a more sort of universal scale.


Right after this quick break, Charlie stays with


me. The October 15th deadline has come and gone. Are you prepared for what's coming? Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Miss the deadline to file for an extension now that October 15th is officially behind us. The IRS may be ramping up enforcement. You could face wage garnishments, frozen bank accounts, or even property seizures if you have not yet taken action. But there is hope Tax Network. USA has helped taxpayers save over 1 billion in tax debt and has filed over 10,000 tax returns. They specialize in helping people reduce their tax burdens. So visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a free consultation. Their experts will walk you through a few simple questions to see how much you could save. Give it a try now before the IRS takes more aggressive steps. Take control and visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1004


years of crushing interest rates runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who's paying the price? You are. That's who you might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back and you might be barely able to keep food on the table. While done with Debt can be a way out, they have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head. With these persistent creditors getting balances reduced, interest rates slashed and even penalties stopped, they create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even make another payment. Consider a visit to done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now, speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to done with Debt dot com. That's done with Debt dot com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM in game sense. Remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Charlie, this is breaking at the US Supreme Court. Very good news out of Virginia. Yes, governor Glenn Youngin, who's a star, decided to purge illegal aliens off of the voter rolls like the nutcase that he is. Non-citizens are not allowed to vote. They're not allowed to vote, period. And so he said, let's get them off of the voter rules because in error that in some way they were registered when they, I don't know, registered to when they tried to get a driver's license, whatever they were trying to do, and the Department of Justice run by Joe Biden tried to stop him. They went in there and sued saying, this must stop this purge of these non-citizens off your voter roll must stop.


We're too close to the election. And they won at the Federal district court, the Biden administration. They won at the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. And the US Supreme Court just sided with young kid ruling that Virginia is entitled to remove non-citizen aliens from its voter rolls. It seems like a no-brainer, but if you want those voters, they're important to your electoral chances. You go in there like Harris Biden did and contest it and listen to this just as a, of course the liberals dissented the three liberal justices. Listen to this. The M-S-N-B-C banner on this news Breaking SCOTUS let's Virginia resume voter registration purge.


Yep, yep. Go. Nothing about the fact that they're illegals No, no. That they shouldn't be in the country at all. So, so I I I love this and I have to continue give credit where credit is due. Michael Anton, who's a professor at the Great Hillsdale College and served with Trump, he has this thing called, it's the, it is the something parallax. And, and what it is is that it, it's not happening, but it's good that it is. It's this incredibly, it's beautiful. So think about the illegal voting, Megan, it's not, there are no illegals on the voter rolls, but it's good that they're on the voter rolls. Wait, hold on, wait. Remember they told us for months that there were no illegals on, you know, there's no illegals voting.


It's not happening. It's all conspiracy theory. But it's good that it is. You better leave 'em on the voting rolls. Right? And, and you, you look at like, this is a parallax. And so it, it's, of course it's good. It's not that many voters, thankfully it's only 1500 voters and who knows how many of them actually voted But. it is symbolically important now, and I hope every state is watching and the Supreme Court has now set a precedent that you are allowed to remove non-citizens from your voting rules. So I hope Brian Kemp and I hope all these other governors Ron DeSantis, you guys now have a mandate from the Supreme Court to go remove. Again, I want everyone to be clear, these are not just non-citizens. These are people that should not be in the country.


Okay? These are people that should not be on the voter rolls. They should not be here whatsoever. And they need to be removed completely. They certainly shouldn't be determining who our next president is. To your point, you would think here's Wajahat Ali, that CNN contributor, or at least he was where, who was on the infamous Don Lemon clip, where he is like the, oh, those voters, them with their maps and their math making fun of all middle Americans. Like, they're so stupid. They're just too dumb to decide who should vote. He tweets out in defense of Biden and his garbage comment last night, glad he gave the context, which was clear to me. But I'm also fine with Democrats calling racists who support Trump's hate garbage. They call the rest of us deep state, the enemy from within rapists, criminals, invaders, et cetera.


They can dish it out, but they can never take it. That's exactly what you just said. Like he didn't really say it. He gave the context, which explains this But. That's But it. Good Daddy did, But it's good. But let's face it, he was right. You know, the, the, the mistaken words were right. Okay, let's keep going. So Michigan, there's this Susquehanna poll that had Trump down Harris up five five. And our buddies over at real clear politics were saying, we haven't seen a poll showing it that wide in Michigan for some time, there are others showing it much tighter than that. They only polled 400 voters. And the margin of error is basically five. Was it Registered voters or likely voters? I don't know. Let's, Is it RV or lv?


That's important. Have that, and lemme tell the audience. It's Lv, it's lv it's like likely voters. That's, that's, that's more, that's more accurate then. So, so registered voters is that you're just calling people on the voting rolls. Likely voters are people that actually have the intent to vote. Now I will say you, you try to merge the two in a Trump election because Trump tends to pull more from a registered voter pool of lower likelihood, low propensity voters. But look, it could be an outlier or I, I don't think it's true. Michigan is very, very hard to determine. What we are seeing though, and this is legit, this is what's happening in Detroit, Atlanta, and Philadelphia. Black voters are not turning out in big numbers right now. It's happening in every major black city. Therefore, they have to do better in the Democrats have to do better in the rural, they have to do better in small towns and they have to do better in the suburbs.


So Michigan, I'm not gonna make any proclamations there or predictions, it's still too early. We're still processing a lot of the data. It's a very, very crooked state on how they do elections there. Very, very crooked. But as it stands right now, there's a surge. And lemme tell you what's happening in Michigan. Donald Trump is doing very well with people in the auto industry because of his pledge to get rid of the electric vehicle mandate and do not underestimate the power of how Donald Trump is going to win the Arab Muslim vote. Lemme say that again. There's poll that suggests this. You go on the ground there. I was just meeting with some Arab Muslim leaders recently. They are so upset with Kamala Harris and just culturally they have a tough, tough time voting for a woman.


I'm not on that page as they are, but I'm just giving you the, you know, kind of the journalistic analysis. You talk to rank and file in the Muslim community. They do not believe that women should serve in political leadership largely. So that is a, that is a something that they have to overcome. That's hard as it is. And thirdly, and I think it's really important to to mention is that in Michigan there is a size, there are sizable college campuses and they are not doing as well at Ann Arbor or East Lansing. They're just not the two major university campuses. Young men are the most conservative they've been in 50 years we've been organizing on these campuses. We've been getting these young people out to vote. And we're gonna lose by less than a lot of these campuses and try to keep Kamala Harris under 20 points.


If she's under a 20 point margin with younger voters, there's almost no path for her to become president. Okay, so what are you And just FYI Politico did a pair of articles saying that the suburbs, that's the whole deal for her. That the pointing out the latest Wall Street Journal poll found Harris leading among suburban voters by seven percentage points. Reuters Ipsos analysis showed the vice president winning suburban households by six points. So for sure they are looking at the suburbs very, very hard. And they also had a, a piece out yesterday saying, across battlegrounds there's a 10 point gender gap. In the early voting so far, women account for roughly 55% of the early vote men, just around 45% according to a political analysis of early vote data in several key states.


The implications for next week's election results are unclear among registered Republicans, women are voting early more than men too. So that's, you know, I one would presume that those people would be voting for Trump, but you never know given his problems with women. So how do we factor that in 10 point gender gap in favor of women? However, you know, look at what we just discussed about what's happening in Nevada and what's happening in North Carolina. Just because there's a gender gap doesn't mean we can assume all the women are going for Kamala. There are a lot of Republican women who are gonna vote Trump For sure. So this is Kamala's best hope is that, that this gap is continuing now. But let me try to sober up the Kamala people out there. Number one, women do vote earlier than men.


Just the same reason why women in class turn their homework on time before men, men tend to be a little bit, let's just say later to the party on such things. It's just true, honestly. It's any teacher will tell you that the women in the class are far more dutiful and responsible with those sorts of things. Number two, that gap will close the election. Will the, the electorate will become redder and more masculine as we get closer to election. Day number three though is that it's not predominantly younger women as we see this in the data in Arizona at least. It's a lot of older women, which tend to be far more Republican than Democrat, which is very important. But in order for Kamala to win that disparity needs to hold that kind of margin of the battle of the sexes.


Women need to do far better turnout and far better with support. And don't take my word for it. When Kamala Harris was getting a beer with Gretchen Whitmer caught on a hot mic, she's like, we gotta do better with men. We have to do better with men. And you wonder why men are rejecting you. Men want to be part of a political movement that does not hate their existence. They want to be part of something that does not believe that they're a problem simply for breathing. And so look, if men will rise up in the next six days, Donald Trump is going to win. It's that simple. If men and women will vote at the same level, they probably won't. Usually women vote four or five points more than men if that gap can be closed. However, that is Kamala Harris's big play. Run up the score in the suburbs if you can, because right now that urban corridor is not manifesting.


They're used to that kind of very heavy, very significant black population and inner city vote that is not turning out. So they have to do well with the suburbs and hope that there is a surge of, of female girl power that will put Kamala Harris in the White House. Okay, what about Pennsylvania? 'cause there's a report about 10 days ago about how there were, there was Democrat infighting there, they were blaming some of the get out the vote, you know, poor returns. Yep. Or poor efforts on one young woman who is supposed to be running the effort. But the poll show Pennsylvania is still tight. I mean, it's not like Donald Trump is running away with it there. So what, what do you know about Pennsylvania? Yeah, so these numbers are gonna be a little outdated, but there are approximations.


So typically, here's how it works. In Pennsylvania, early voting is almost only embraced by Democrats. Traditionally in Pennsylvania it's a, of all the swing states, the state that just resist early voting the most, it's Pennsylvania. They are a same day election day culture. You ask anybody in Pennsylvania, they say, we go and vote on election day. And the Democrats have embraced mail-in voting. So in 2020, when Donald Trump fell 80,000 votes short, the Democrats build what is called a blue firewall. In 2020, they built a 1.1 million vote blue firewall. So that is all early votes leading up until election day. Okay? So they had a 1.1 built in blue firewall.


The firewall as of today, is about 384,000 votes again, that, that could be off. 'cause these numbers are constantly changing 'cause votes are being dumped. So it's basically a 700,000 vote decrease of the blue firewall. So Donald Trump therefore has to overcome 700,000 less votes on election day than he did in 2020. That is very doable. That is very achievable, obviously. So, so Democrats are now in a place where they only built an advantage that is 384,000 votes. Now Pennsylvania counts their votes differently than Arizona. They don't pre canvass. So on election night, we're actually gonna know really well Donald Trump's chances 'cause all the election day votes get counted first.


And then, as you know, it takes some days to count the mail-in votes in Pennsylvania, which is going to be this population that favors Democrats by about 384,000 votes. So if Donald, again, I, I haven't done the exact math, but here, here's, here's the essence of it. If the, if Pennsylvania has massive and record election day turnout, that is awesome news for Donald Trump. It's that simple. I I if Pennsylvania just roars and has unbelievable turnout, especially in places like Allentown and of course Butler and Erie and in the rurals and the surrounding areas of Lancaster and in Bucks County, and I think Donald Trump, I'm gonna call it right now. I think Donald Trump might win Scranton. I know that is, which I believe is, it's not, it's another fun word.


It's like Sus Conner or something, or county, not that, but it's something else. It's Lackawanna County or something. I think he might actually win that county. So Pennsylvania is in a far worse position for the Democrats this cycle than it was in 2020. Okay. And Donald Trump only fell 80,000 votes short back then. So parting thoughts on where this race stands right now? It's a 50 50 shot for those of us that want Donald Trump. There's advantages for Trump, advantages for Kamala. Now's not the time to be cocky. I, I see a lot of things going in Trump's favor. I see some, some things going in kamala's favor. Everyone in your audience, if you agree with what I've said and you know what we're talking about here. You need to go vote and get your friends do the same. Early voting is the way, and we got, we got six days left.


It's a big push and it's a coin flip of who's gonna win. Wow. You know, to steal a line from Sean Hannity, Charlie Kirk, you're a great American. Thank you so much for all you do. God bless. Thank you. Wow. What a guy. We're very lucky to have him. We are back tomorrow morning with a bonus episode featuring an exclusive interview with a guest who was just banned from CNN. Did you see this exchange where he got booted off of the air lie like they yanked him from the segment? We'll find out what happened. What a week we're about to have you guys stay tuned. Buckle up. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.


And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no. No nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus spends. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet. MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports Book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify Home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/podcast. Free to upgrade your selling today.