
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. There is a war breaking out on the left in this country. On one side, the Biden family and some democratic politicians like a OC, who appear fully on board with Joe Biden remaining the nominee and the President. Biden world remains defiant, and many lawmakers are speaking out publicly in support of the current president. But then there's what's happening behind the scenes and what might happen next.


A closed door meeting among Democrats is happening right now. It's so secretive. Lawmakers are not allowed to bring their phones into the meeting. These are members of the house. And there's also a meeting on the Senate side of Dems only representative Mike Quigley, a Democrat who is one of the few to have publicly called for Biden to step aside, told the Hill, many lawmakers are going to join him in his call for Mr. Biden to step down. Eventually, one anonymous Democrat saying they're waiting for polling to get back this week on what their constituents want, because, quote, we're just petrified of losing it all. What they're saying is, and by the way, Quigley said, just wait.


All right. He said, it's going to happen. They're coming out. Just wait. And one of the reports was that the July 4th holiday set back some of the polling data. So they're biding their time right now so they can see just how bad it's looking for them. They're worried about themselves in their house races and how bad the pull of Joe Biden downward is going to be. And then there's Senator Joe Manchin, the long time Democrat. Now he's an independent who caucuses with the Democrats, a retiring moderate from West Virginia who said this yesterday, If, you Just wait until this weekend. There'll be more comes out. I believe that we'll be able to have a better, clear view of what's happening, his health and wellbeing.


I think this should be at everyone's first and foremost concern. What, what does that mean? Wait till this weekend. What's happening this weekend? Is it a few more days of the poll results coming in? Is that what he means? Who the hell knows? Why should we wait till this week? What's the magic thing about Saturday and Sunday? Meantime, the mainstream media remains strongly, strongly in the Biden must go camp. The New York Times latest editorial was strong and direct and just came out. They are doubling down on their earlier calls for Mr. Biden to get out of this race. They right now, in even stronger terms, Democrats quoting here, who want to defeat Mr. Trump in November, should speak plainly to Mr.


Biden. They need to tell him that his defiance threatens to hand victory to Mr. Trump. They need to tell him that he is embarrassing himself and endangering his legacy. He needs to hear plain and clear that he is no longer an effective spokesman for his own priorities. Later, the Times editorial goes on, Mr. Biden quote, does not seem to understand that he is now the problem. So what can we expect in the next few days? Joining me now, John Ellis. He's a veteran of Fox News where he ran the election night decision desk for a long time and of NBC News in the Boston Globe. He's now the founder and editor of the News Items Substack.


An absolute must read for anyone in the know, in the political and media world. John, welcome back to the show. Good to see you, Megan. Thank you very much for having me. So what do you make of this latest times drop, which, you know, apparently they're feeling the frustration that their first editorial board urging that President Biden drop out did not do the trick. And this one points directly at Hakeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and says as follows, for those at the helm of the Democratic Party, including those three, the time has arrived to speak forcefully to the President and the public about the need for a new candidate before time runs out for other candidates to make their case to the party's convention delegates.


It says a whisper campaign is inadequate to the moment. Well, I I mean, the the time is running down, right? And all of this depends upon Biden agreeing to step down. So the question is what, how much pressure can be brought to bear on him? And even If, you know, the maximum amount of pressure is brought to bear on him. Will he? In fact, you know, step aside, it doesn't seem to me at all clear, I might be wrong about this, but it doesn't seem to me at all clear that he is going to step aside, that he's just gonna run out the clock and he's the Democratic nominee.


And that's that. So one of the reasons that the editorial writers are as panicked as they sound is, you know, so far Biden has been successful running down the clock. And how long do you think they do have? I mean, the Democratic Convention is in August, but the actual nomination will take place much earlier than the actual convention. I think it happens at the first week of August. 'cause they're gonna do it online and via Zoom. So there's really only a couple of weeks, in my estimation of how they could or when they could sub him out. Yeah, there's a, there's a little quirk, which is that the Democratic Convention is too late to meet the legal requirements for being on the ballot in Ohio.


So what the Democratic National Committee has proposed, meaning the White House has proposed, is that they move the nomination vote up to early August in order to qualify for the ballot in Ohio that fits as it happens. That fits their current plan almost perfectly. And you have, obviously, after you have the Republican National Convention next week, and then you have the Olympics. So there, there are two major events that help Biden run down the clock. And that appears to be their strategy. I, you know, it's for you and I, it's absolutely incredible that this is what they're going to do, but apparently this is what they're going do.


Meanwhile, you have top democratic operatives like James Carville, who for a while now has been calling for Joe Biden to not run for a second term predicting as follows. He had a piece out yesterday in op-ed saying exactly this. And then he went on television and, and doubled down, sought six. He doesn't, he's going come to the conclusion that this is just not a good idea and he's gonna resist it, and he's going to listen to his family. He's already go, Alex all will say, we blame the staff, then we blame the meet him then the elites in a Democratic party. How do I look Elite?


What the hell is elite about going up in rural south Louisiana, going to LSU? And this is all across the country, and I understand it's all predictable and he's gotta go through this and he'll get there soon. As opposed to Later, sooner opposed to later. Where's your confidence come from? I, you know, Chris, I can't, Hey, I don't predict things. I'm just telling you it's inevitable. He will come to the conclusion. People will get the message to him, he will understand, his family will understand. Do you agree with that, John?


I, I do, except I'm, I'm not sure I'm right. It, it seems to me that, that in order to get Biden out, you need the core constituency is the Democratic party to tell him to get out. Right. And the core constituency, the most important constituency of the Democratic Party are black Americans. They are the very core of the Democratic Party. They're the most reliable constituency. And, you know, If, you If, you had to look at one person, probably be representative Jim Clyburn as to how the black community, black voters are looking at Biden.


It initially appeared that Clyburn was, you know, edging Biden off the stage. I I'm not so sure that's where he is right now. Other members of Congress, black members of Congress, have been very supportive of Biden so far. But it, you know, it, in 1974, Barry Gold, Senator Barry Goldwater, Senator Hughes Scott, and representative Jim Rhodes went to Richard Nixon and said, you've lost the support of the party. You have to resign. And Nixon resigned. And that moment has to happen on the Democratic side in the next month.


And Clyburn clearly would be one person who could make the march up to the White House. Schumer Jeffries, I guess would be the other two, but I'm not at all certain that Biden would listen. Hmm. The, the op-ed that CarVal put out mentioned Clyburn, and what he said was, look, Clyburn spoke with New York Times opinion columnist Ezra Klein, about a possible Democratic mini primary. And CarVal says, I wanna build on that. This is CarVal. I wanna see the Democratic Party hold four historic town halls between now and the Democratic National Convention in August, one in the south, the northeast, the Midwest, and the West.


We can recruit the two most obvious and qualified people in the world to facilitate substantive discussions. Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. Think the Super Bowl with Taylor Swift in the stands, the young, the old, and everyone in between will tune in to see history being made in real time. I would advise Presidents 42 and 44 to select eight leading contenders outta the pool of those who choose to run with Kamala Harris. Most definitely getting a well-earned invite. To me this reads like a democratic pipe dream because as you pointed out 30 seconds ago, none of this can happen unless Joe Biden walks off stage left.


And all of his messaging publicly, there's been some reports that behind the scenes, he's, he says he understands he's only got a few days to prove his vigor, to keep his role in this race. But every message publicly has been, I am not going anywhere. So what do you make of this plan that Carville outlines that, you know, he correctly inmates Clyburn expressed an open mind to at least a few days ago? I, I mean, I think it's a great plan. You know, it would be fantastic television, it would be great for the Megyn, Kelly Show, because you could talk about it after, after each, after each, I guess you would call it debate or forum.


And I think it would actually be a very good way to find a new nominee. The problem obviously is that, is that Biden may not buy in. Biden is the nominee unless all of the delegates decide not to go with them. And there's no indication that that's the case. So, you know, it's a wonderful plan, And it, it gets right back to where we always are in this thing, which is, is, unless Biden agrees to it, it's not gonna happen. The weirdest thing you Yeah, go Ahead. I'm the weirdest thing about all this is, we talk about it in terms of, you know, political tactics and political strategy, but what we saw in the debate 10 days ago or 12 days ago, was a man incapable of, you know, stringing a sentence together, lost the, the way he walked.


I mean, it, it was a, it it was unbelievable that that person could a run for president again, and b actually be president. And the, the discussion about these tactics and strategy and so on and so forth, sort of obscure the, the basic question, which is, is there anyone in the world who thinks that Joe Biden can serve effectively as president in the calendar years 2020 5, 26, 27 to 28? And I, I believe the answer to that question is no. There is not a single person in the world who believes that.


So the notion that he is going to run for president and he's gonna stand up to the elites and he's gonna show the press that he's the comeback kid and all this stuff, it, it, it doesn't address the fundamental question. And given how dangerous the world is at the moment, as and as it always is, it, it, the question it seems to me would be, shouldn't Joe Biden resign the presidency? Yes, yes. I, that part, I, I really don't get it. And I, there are a couple of ed loose from the FT and a few others have raised this, but I'm, I'm really surprised that, you know, the, the basic thrust of all the commentary is, look, he shouldn't seek reelection, but it's fine that he serves out his term.


And I, I don't know, I mean, Jeff Zein, his chief of staff is a fantastic guy, and I'm sure is very competent, but we didn't elect Jeff Zeins. We elected Biden and Kamala Harris. So, I don't know, I, it just, it, it's so weird to read this stuff every day, which I do for the newsletter. Yes. And you, you've done this for a career. So put it in perspective for us, John, like what a tsunami this is. I mean, you've been in this business a lot longer than I have, and I've just been stunned at the amount of blowback from the press that is there to support him. They shouldn't be, but that's what their mission is, to support him and support Democrats.


But it's on now, and I think we both know why it's on, they genuinely think he's gonna lose. It's not about it honoring their commitment to tell the truth, but just zooming out even from that point, put it in perspective, just the tsunami that he's facing and how extraordinary this is. Well, I, I mean, it's in the, in, in, just in the, in terms of the Biden administration, we, I wrote a column, a piece for my Substack newsletter in July of 2021. And the piece said that Biden is too old to seek reelection in 2024 If.


you look at YouTube video of him in 2008, in the debate in 2012 with Paul Ryan in, you know, the last days of the Obama administration from 2008 to 2016. He sort of miraculously doesn't appear to age. He's sharp. He's, you know, he's verbose as he always is. But he seemed fine. He certainly seemed all there. And I looking at video of him in 2020, in 2021, And, it wasn't like I had like deep sources somewhere that were telling me that Biden's mental capacity had declined. It. It was evident by watching YouTube.


So I write this, and the other thing was in the summer, but June and July started to hear, talk to people, all of whom said, gee, I'm not sure Joe can go beyond one term. You know, he's, he's really showing his age. So I write this, you know, piece for this newsletter. And a lot of people attacked the, some of the readers of of my newsletter attacked me for, I don't know, you know, being anti Biden or something. But it was evident to all of us in 2021, it was certainly evident to all of us in 2022 that biden's mental acuity, which is apparently the word we, the phrase we use now, had to, had declined and was visibly declining.


And throughout that whole period, the press simply didn't cover it. I don it defies belief that all of those very smart, well-educated, experienced reporters covering the White House were surprised by Biden's mental decline in the last 90 days. It just, it, it makes no sense. It's completely unbelievable. So they were complicit in keeping that story out of public discussion. And it blew up. That whole complicity became apparent during the debate, and now there's, there's furious, backtracking Biden has to resign.


Biden is, you know, is really old. Biden has lost it, so on and so forth. It, this is not a recent development. I see it almost as a covenant between the media and the White House where everyone knew about his decline. The media tacitly agreed not to cover it so long as the White House would not make fools of them, would keep him behind closed doors and shielded in a way that the big lie would not be exposed. And the White House fell down on the job. They agreed to this debate, they put him out there, he couldn't do it. And they no longer had any choice but to report on what we were all seeing.


But really that's secondary to their number one goal, which is to make sure a Democrat holds onto the White House. And once that was out in front of all of us, the panic set in that he could not do it. Now everyone had seen what was suspected or actually seen behind the scenes, and they had only one mission and have to this moment only one mission, which is to win on November 5th. And if that requires Knifing Biden now, then that's what that requires. I do wanna show you something. We, we too took a look back early on at Biden's Biden over the years in much the same way you just outlined and you put in your piece in July of 2021 And. it really is remarkable.


I'll play it here and I'll tell the listening audience what dates we're talking about, but it's worthwhile to see it on YouTube for our YouTube audience after the fact watch. The end result is they're about to knock my mother on the head with a lead pipe, shoot my sister, beat up my wife, take on my sons Jack Kennedy, lower tax rates increase. Cliff Ronald Reagan. Oh, now you're Jack Kennedy in America, we never bow, we never bend, we endure, we move forward. We're America and we're second to none. Your party body wants to go socialist medicine. My party is me and socialist healthcare right now. I am the Democratic Party and they're gonna dominate you, Joe, you know that I am the Democratic Party right now, much more informed 21 on the, the motives of some of the political players and some of the beer brewed here.


It is easy to make the brew beer in this define, oh, earth rider, thanks for the Great Lakes. I wonder why you're saying don't mess with the in America unless you wanna get the benefit. Mm. It's right there in front of your very eyes, John. Yeah, I I mean, it, it, it wasn't, I did know investigative reporting for the column, let's put it that way. And I, the other thing I think of is If, you know, if we say that there are thir 45 people who are credited to be in the Brady Room, which is the White House briefing room. And let's say that Megan Kelly is one of them, and let's say that Megan Kelly is thinking about doing a story about Biden.


And let's say that one, the do what I, that's the part I don't get, is the, the, there has to be one or two reporters in the room who, when they're contacted by the White House or you know, Hector by the White House to say, you can't say that about Joe Biden's age or whatever. It would seem to me that that would sort of spur them to say it. So that's another piece I don't understand about Coverage. James Rosen asked a question directly of Joe Biden about his age in the opinion poll showing that the American public thinks he's too old and he was banned from the White House briefing room for eight months.


Peter Baker of the New York Times, who's now reporting about the age issue post debate, had a post talking about how the White House had been threatening that they'd been calling. He me had a mention about how the White House would call your editor If, you If you asked questions about, you know, the, about his age issues and right. Matt Taibbi, very respected journalist now independent, wrote a piece saying, complaining that they would contact your editor about an article you're writing is the equivalent of saying, where are my balls? Just saying, this is a badge of honor for most actual reporters to get, you know, the source, calling your boss and saying, please don't have her write that.


Please don't have him write that. And one final point on the story, San Weger liberal commentator said he had interviewed Sam Donald Donaldson about all of his years covering the White House storied a BC reporter. And he said his editor at a BC, every time that the editor got a call from the White House complaining about Sam Donaldson would give Sam Donaldson a raise for doing his job, how times have changed The other, I mean, one last thing about 2021, at the time that I wrote the piece, the, the data was that 60%, I believe it was 60% of the electorate believe that Biden was too old to serve in a, a second term.


And that number has gone up steadily to the point that AP and NORC, and this was last fall, their poll and NORC is arguably the best polling organization in the world. Their poll showed that 80%, 78% of registered voters believed that Biden was not capable of quote, serving effectively as president in a second term. So it would seem to me that if 80% of the people in the United States of America think he's too old to seek reelection, that the Press Corps would be all over that story.


And I, one of the great mysteries of, I mean I, News Items comes out to six days a week. I have political items that comes out three days a week or four days a week, depending, you know, I read this stuff all day long and when I read the NORC poll with the AP in the fall, last fall, I thought, well that's the dam breaking, right? 80%. I mean, it's, this has gotta be a huge story And. it wasn't, it, it, there was no follow up. And the only follow up actually was other polling organizations sort of amazed that that was a number that A-P-N-O-R-C had pulled, started to ask the same questions. And of course it confirmed everything that the AP NORC found, although in some cases it was 65%, in other cases it was 70%.


But generally speaking, two thirds or more thought that Biden was incapable of serving effectively as president in a second term. How that's not a story for the front page of every major newspaper in the country. I have no idea. Yeah, except you do know. So the latest time Ciena Poll shows 75%, I think it was 74%, continue to have those concerns, you know, greater in the Times poll at least than ever post debate. But I wanted to pick up on something you said, because earlier the Times now is all in on getting Biden. Now they're not the only ones, almost all the press, but you point out something important about the black vote within the Democratic Party and looking at leaders like Clive or, and like Hakeem, Hakeem Jeffries, and they're gonna be forced to make a decision here, right?


It's sort of interesting to watch the Democratic Party being split between their core base of black voters and white elites. That really is their base. Now, the people who read the Times, the people who live, you know, where I lived for 17 years on the Upper West side of Manhattan, they're gonna have to make a choice if things remain as they are with those two groups, split over what to do and what does history tell you will be the winning factor. Well, I think, I mean, it, it really is the, the outcome on, on, if we can call it this, I'm not sure we can call it this, but If, you say on the black side of the Democratic Party, the leadership Clyburn and Jeffries et al, if they come to the conclusion that Biden cannot, will can't, the Biden campaign can't continue and the Democratic party needs to nominate someone else, their leadership will have, I think, a significant impact on what we might call the black electorate.


If the black, on the other hand, if the black electorate says, no, you can't do that, I don't know that Clyburn and Jefferies have enough juice to say, we don't care what you think, we're just gonna go ahead. So that's the, to me that's the most interesting thing to watch. And you know, in terms of what the, the, the various democratic constituencies do, the black constituencies, by far the most important in my view, the elite constituency, which big money college educated, you know, New York Times readers, et cetera, they, you know, they've decided, and Biden has turned that decision into a kind of faux populous campaign against elites, which to you and I seems preposterous.


But that's the tactic again, what's missing from all this is, is he actually capable of serving for as president now it's not so much whether he can seek reelection, it's about whether he is capable of serving as president now. And until we get a medical examination that says yay or nay, which of course the White House is avoiding at all costs, it seems to me that's an open question. And since they are avoiding it at all costs, I think we have to assume that the news on Biden's mental capacity is probably not good.


Yeah. A a man who admits now he only works between 11 and four. He's a six hour day president and, and sorry, 10 and four, right? Ten four, six hour president, let's Says he must be accurate. He's gotta go, it was my math, 11 to four is five. That's wrong. 10 to four. Who says he, he now needs to not get any briefings or, you know, any taxing information past 8:00 PM because he's prioritizing sleep. I mean, tell it to Vladimir Putin, like, we can only be attacked during six hours of the day and definitely not after 8:00 PM because that's when our president has to go night, night. And then your point about the black vote is very interesting, If, you look at what the president has done post debate, where did he go this weekend?


Philadelphia. Who did he sit with? He gave two interviews to black radio hosts in predominantly the predominantly black communities. He knows what you just said that he's gotta shore up the black vote to take on these. So-called elites with whom he spent the past lifetime currying favor these elites, these mega donors, the New York Times readers, the New York Times op-ed board, what's so on editorial board, but it's on now and he's going back to the core, core base. And so far that base has not abandoned him so far this week may tell us more John Ellis, what a pleasure. Great to see you. Please come back soon. Thank you so much for having me. And on that last point that John made, right, that the White House is refusing a cognitive exam of the President, one has not been done and they're refusing to have one done.


You heard that from the president himself in the Stephanopoulos interview and the White House doubled down on it yesterday. And what does that mean? What can we glean from what we have seen and what information they have released up next, a brain health specialist, one of the most revered Dr. Bresson joins me live President Biden's team, trying to do a late night damage control effort after a disastrous press briefing where Kain Jean Pierre failed to answer basic questions about the president's health and why a Parkinson's disease expert made numerous trips to the white host over the last 12 months. As we reported yesterday, the New York post's, John Levine first broke news that President Biden's personal doctor, a man named Kevin O'Connor, met with a Parkinson's disease specialist at the White House in January of this year.


That specialist name is Dr. Kevin Kenard. Then came a report from Alex Berenson that Kenard actually visited the White House's Residents clinic nine times over the past year. We took a look and saw the same on the White House logs when asked about visits from Dr. Kenard, the neurologist to the White House, which Corinne Jean Pierre had to know, someone would ask about, she refused to answer citing security concerns. Even though the doctor's name is listed on the public White House visitor locks watch. Very Basic direct question. Wait, hold on, hold on, wait, wait, talk to the White House.


Wait, wait a second. Eight times or at least once in Regards to presidents specifically Ed, please a little respect here please. So every year around the the president's physical examination, he sees a neurologist. That's three times, right? So I am telling you that he has seen a neurologist three times while he has been in this presidency That is answering that question. No, it's not. No, it is, it is. You are asking me Kevin Ard come to the White House, but I just, I also said to you, ed, I also said to you for security reasons, we cannot share names. We cannot share names.


Now in Regards to Dr. Kevin Ard, And I am telling you right now that I am not sharing confirming names from here. It is a security reason. What I can share with you is that the president has seen a neurologist for his physical three times. Three times And. it is in the reporting that we share a comprehensive reporting bat of matter of fact, it's more than what the last guy shared And. it is in line with what George George W. Bush did. It's in line with what Obama did. I just wanna point out once again, Phil Houston, CIA 25 years created the deception detection program for the CIA used by the FB i's secret service.


Law enforcement around the nation constantly points out that attacking the questioner, attacking the question or convincing behavior are all signs of lying. That's, that's the case. And listen, I can tell you from my time in the press, the Press Secretary is a paid liar. It was true of every single one who held the job left and right. That's the truth. Last night around 9:30 PM the White House released a letter from said neurologist, well from said personal physician to the president, Dr. Kevin O'Connor. And this letter tried to explain why the neurologist, Dr. Kenard, the Parkinson's specialist, made all those recent visits.


The majority of the letter was about Dr. Conard's biography and his credentials. It confirmed that Dr. Kenard was the neurologist specialist who examined the president for each of his annual exams. It stated that Mr. Biden has not seen a neurologist outside of those annual physicals. It also suggested that Dr. Kenard regularly visits the White House as part of his general neurology practice of helping support active duty military service members. However, the letter does not go into who Dr. Kard was meeting with during, during those visits in question. And why we know at least seven of the visits show Dr. Kard meeting with a woman who coordinates primary care visits for the president, the vice president, their families and appointed cabinet members.


Why was she involved? Is there a cabinet member who needs a neurologist? Does the vice president, did she have some sort of information she wanted to glean or give about the sitting president Not answered in the letter. Joining me now, a specialist in Brain Health who was on this program back in June, 2022 to discuss the signs of dementia and other brain diseases like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's in a special we were doing at the time around the president's health. Dr. Dale Bredesen is the senior director of Precision Brain Health at the Pacific Neuroscience Institute and the author of the book and of Alzheimer's, which is actually an amazing read with so much information.


You should get it. Irrespective of your thoughts about President Biden Dale, welcome back. Great to see you. Great to see you Megan. Thank you. So can you just walk us through, because Parkinson's is being special speculated about, and so is something with the word Louis and it's LEWY. Yes. Right. And could you just explain what those two conditions are, just to kick this off and, and just I understand you haven't examined President Biden, you're not making any diagnosis about him. Right? Right. We're just wondering what those conditions are. Yeah, good point. And, and you know, as you alluded to, the Goldwater rule pre prohibits physicians from making an actual diagnosis without meeting with the person, examining them, exce, et cetera.


So the, these, these two conditions are relatively common. There are over a million people in the United States with Parkinson's. There are over a million people with Lewy body disease. And as you indicated, these are often wrapped together because they both feature a specific protein, which is called alpha synuclein. Now, you know, when we talk about Alzheimer's, we talk about amyloid and we talk about tau. When you're talking about Parkinson's and Lewy body, it is these, this alpha synuclein, which makes up Lewy bodies. Now if it's predominantly in the brainstem and you present mostly with movement problems, that is Parkinson's disease. If it's predominantly throughout the cerebral, throughout the, the major part of the brain and you're presenting first with cognitive change, and then you may develop some Parkinsonism later, then that's called Lewy body disease.


But as you can see, they're closely related in their neuropathology. So those are the two conditions. And since you're talking about cognitive changes as well as potentially some motor changes, then you would probably be thinking about it is, you know, are there Lewy body issues? But again, yeah, you, you can't make a diagnosis without evaluating the person. And of course it's, it's concerning because concerning, because there is so much of what we do to devote to patient confidentiality. And of course what's being asked right now is just the opposite. I know it's different when you become president, right? It's like there's just, you know, HIPA and all the other privacy laws Yeah. Are kind of a out the window.


So I I can you just explain the difference, and I wanna get into some of the symptoms of these things a little bit more, but can you explain the difference between a neurological exam and a cognitive exam? Yeah. And in fact they're actually part of the same thing. And I think that was kind of missed by, by one of the representatives. So a neurological exam includes a cognitive exam, but it also includes other things, strength, sensation, balance, all those things. But it, it absolutely includes a cognitive exam. And what would a cognitive exam include? Yeah, so a cognitive exam is looking at basically the different areas of the brain.


So how is your memory doing? How are you doing with respect to your executive function? How are you with your orientation? Do you know the day? Do you know the year? Do you know where you are? How are you doing with your verbal skills? Can you read, can you repeat things like that? How are you doing with your spatial skills? Things like that. So all, it's basically testing the different areas. You know, you often see these where people will ask you to draw a clock and put in the hands that sort of thing. Non-digital clock of course. And it's, it, it's actually surprising at how early you may see changes in that Based on the parts of the brain that are affected.


So I think, you know, Megan, the thing that's really been missed here, everybody's got their opining, everybody's got their ideas. What's really been missed here is that there is a tremendous amount of advance in brain aging in neurological testing and in age related testing just in the last couple of years, things that weren't available before. So the reality is you don't need to speculate. There are specific tests that can be done very easily today. So there are blood tests, things like PTA two 17 and GFAP and Neurofilament Light. These are new blood tests on the Alzheimer's side and they're actually quite good and quite sensitive.


PTA two 17 in particular is specific for Alzheimer related conditions. And so it'll even see it before you have major symptoms. On the other hand, there are some new tests for Parkinson's and Lewy body. And so there is one that's called sin one SYN hyphen one, which is a simple skin biopsy. There is coming a wonderful test where you literally can take a small amount of sweat and you can look with mass spectrometry at a specific pattern of molecules. That has turned out to be closely related to whether you have Lewy body disease, Parkinson's or not.


So things are changing, of course there's I imaging, you can look at specific imaging in PET scans, for example. And you can look at fluoro dopa uptake, for example, in, in Parkinson's. So the reality is that instead of all the speculation, it of course it would be very easy to, to look at those specific tests and know exactly where you stand. So if they took such an exam, any of the ones you just mentioned, And, it showed the president didn't suffer from any of those. It would be very simple to do and very simple to release to the public to quell some of the fears. Absolutely. But they won't. What they're saying right now is just rely on the neurological exam that was done at the annual physical back in February.


And this is how they describe it. Doc, tell me what you make of this. An extremely detailed neurologic exam was again reassuring. This is according to this latest letter we just got in, that there were no findings, which would be consistent with any cerebellar or other central neurological disorders such as stroke ms Parkinson's or ascending lateral sclerosis. Nor are there any signs of cervical myelopathy. So what does that mean in layman's terms? Yeah. What that means in layman's terms is that the nervous system is intact. So of course as you develop Parkinson's or as you develop Alzheimer's, you begin to have specific problems. And that what they're saying is that those were evaluated.


He did not have any symptoms to suggest stroke. Parkinson's disease, as you mentioned, myelopathy, which is just damage to your spinal cord. Any of those things that can be a problem. So that's a certainly a very good sign and suggests that they, they've looked carefully at the function of his brain and spinal cord and not found any problems. So again, not asking you to diagnose President Biden, who you haven't examined, but you saw, I'm sure, as we all did, what happened at that debate and the, the stiffness of his, his movements over the past year, the, the mouth a ga, the sort of the glazed waxy complexion in eyes, the inability to remember basic facts that we absolutely know he knows or knew, you know, the confusion, the inability to end sentences that he's begun.


What I mean, could that just be aging? 'cause Dr. Ezekiel, Emmanuel has lifelong democrat, part of the Emmanuel brother, you know, triumvirate right on oncologist. He, he came out and said, this could be a neurologic or a neurologic problem, or it could just be advanced aging people age at different rates. Either way he's kind of making the point, I don't care, I don't care what it is, I know what I see. Yeah, but what do you make of those symptoms? Yeah, again, I think that there's very little mystery here. So, so here's the point as far as your brain. So what happens is, you know, time is the broker through which all of us trade resilience and energy for wisdom and experience.


So we get more wisdom and experience and If, you know, we're gonna have to decide as voters, do we want that wisdom and experience or not? It does come, you are trading over your many years of wisdom and developing wisdom and experience. You are trading some degree of resilience If. you look at what changes from cradle to grave, the two major things that change, the two biggest changes are in your mitochondria. Those are the batteries of your cells. And their DNA develops mutations over time. And then the other thing is your ability to respond to stress. So you take a very young person and you're changing time zones and keeping them up all night and flying around and having back to back, you know, 30 meetings in a row and all these sorts of stuff.


That person will go through this. You know, when I was an intern, you know, when I was in my twenties, I would stay up all night for two or three nights in a row, which was horrible. I couldn't do that in my seventies today. So that, that's, that is a big change over our lives. And so this is something that we as voters have to be aware of. Do we want someone with more experience and more wisdom? Or do we want someone who, who may be more resilient, but they may make rash or or less informed decisions. And I think, you know, that to me that is the, that's what's going on right now. And I understand. So yes, what you see is stress related.


Some people would say that, you know, if I said something wrong, you might say, Dale had a senior moment and this, you know, this happens to us septa if we are stressed dramatically. And that happens to many, many people. We're seeing, of course, a lot of things with covid and brain fog. So many people who never had issues before now have some degree of brain fog. So I, I think you described it correctly. You know, it's one of those things and you're going to see when there is a tremendous amount of stress that it, it's going to be tougher for anybody who is an octogenarian compared to a quint agen And certainly for the president of the United States, which is literally probably the most stressful job on earth, just given the stakes of what you have to deal with in that role.


Can I just, I just wanna play you one answer of his from the debate. And I thought this one was very telling because it was on the subject of abortion, which was meant to be a softball dale. You know, I mean, this is a democratic politician who spent his life advocating for pro-choice policies. And his answer was so meandering and strange. It, it left everyone, especially the New York Times, as I pointed out earlier in the show, really scratching their heads about what is this, what's happening here? It was A terrible thing. What you've done, the idea that states are able to do this is a little like saying we're gonna turn civil rights back to the states. Let each state have a different role. Look, there's so many young women who have been including a young woman who just was murdered and he, he went to the funeral and the idea that she was murdered by a, by an by an immigrant coming into, they talk about that.


But here's the deal. There's a lot of young women are being raped by their, by their in-laws, by their, by, by their spouses, brothers and sisters, by just, just, just ridiculous, Okay? First he wasn't able to say what the trimesters were. 'cause he tried and failed. Then in an abortion answer, he brought up a girl killed by an illegal immigrant lake and Riley who was not pregnant. It had nothing to do with abortion whatsoever. And then he ended it by saying, a lot of women are raped by their sisters in trying to justify pro-choice policies. Dale, I don't know what was happening there. What, what was happening there? Yeah, I mean, I think he was bringing in the earlier issues from, from Mr. Trump related to the, the immigrants and, you know, the people being killed and all these sorts of things.


So I think he was, you know, he was hitting on more than one thing at once, you know, understandable. But I I I understand your point. It, it could, you know, could it have been more crisp? I think everybody, and I'm I'm sure that as Mr. Biden himself said, he had a bad night. So I'm sure it probably could have been a little crisper, but I think he was addressing the point that turning this back to the states, it was not a good idea. You're being a lot more generous to him than, than I have been. I don't, lake and Riley had not been brought up and no one gets raped by their sister and needs an abortion. Literally. Yeah, of course. I mean, that just, of course, it's totally nonsensical that this is the kind of answer that has caused such deep alarm.


Well, you, you know, you said it yourself earlier, this is the most stressful job, If. you look at the pi pic, the, the famous pictures of Abraham Lincoln from just before his presidency started until just before he was assassinated. I mean, the str this is a guy who was in his fifties. And the, the, the, the difference is absolutely striking. And of course, everybody has followed President Obama's graying. It, it is an extremely stressful job. And so yes, you have to take into account how are you gonna deal with stress and how are you gonna set it up so that you get the best results. I mean, I think, you know, again, it's a political question about the, the achievements.


I think many would argue that the achievements of the current administration are, are quite impressive. Of course, others would say, well, we don't like 'em. That's a political question. Again, I Don't think it's about achievement though. I think it's about, it's not about the last four years, it's about the next four and ability to do the job. I mean, that's, this is what's dividing the Democratic party right now. They say we love you. They, they think that he did a wonderful job, but they a don't think he can make the case effectively against Trump. And B, nobody believes he can do another four years. Even his most ardent defenders will admit that behind the scenes. All right, I gotta run 'cause I'm up against a heartbreak. But Dr. Dale Bredesen, great to see you. Thanks for coming on. Thank you. Take care Megan. Alright, we'll be right back with the fellows from ruthless, don't go away.


Joining me now, the of the ruthless program, Josh Holmes, John Ashbrook, and the man known to his minions as Comfortably Smug Duncan is at jury duty. He threw the short straw. This, I'd love to see who would pick Duncan. That's what I'm saying. Like, I, I just, I figured they would say, oh no, we know you, you're out Of here. Yeah, you're out. I mean, yeah, it's a hard, no. Alright, well I'm happy to see you guys. So I've, something interesting just happened here in the program, Dale Bredesen, who's an expert in brain health, and I love this guy. He's, he's genuinely brilliant. I'm gonna guess he's also a democrat, was defending President Biden in a way, saying what, what this is about is a choice between the wisdom that comes with age and the vigor and possibly brashness of a more youthful candidate.


And I, I mean, I love Dale, so, you know, we didn't go hammer and to, but I don't know if this is wisdom, right? Like I'll, let's play this one. Let's play. So 38 and you tell me whether this is wisdom. When he was looking for Jackie Spiers who had died, Jesus, just before watch, I want thank all of you here for in including bipartisan elected officials like representative government, Senator Braun, Senator Booker, representative Jackie, are you here? Where's Jackie? She wasn't gonna be here. Yeah, she's not. That wasn't, that wasn't yesterday, Megan.


That was years ago that, that was, that was years ago that he did that. Yes. The Jackie spiky Wilky, Jackie Walorski version of Joe Biden. Like, he sounded like, like Mike Mansfield compared to this version of Joe Biden. Right. And and even then it, it, yeah, it's not wisdom. I think that's clear. It's wild To me how much the left covers for this. And we talked about this on Our show. I wanna believe it's a nothing. They just, they do. There was a front page article in the Washington Post that said that the age is just a number. Wisdom comes with age. They were basically apologizing for all of his shortcomings like two months ago.


Yeah. Front page. Well it, it was only about a month ago at the Wall Street Journal had that article where they spoke with like 25 insiders who said that, you know, biden's in real tough, you know, health and he, they immediately got attacked. They got attacked by elected democrats, they got attacked by other journalists. And then the debate happens And, it becomes, you know, completely blatant for the entire world. The guy is not all the way up there. Yeah. And I love the fe out, right? Like, oh yeah, why didn't somebody tell Us we were lied to? Yeah, exactly. So on the, on the age question, hold on, I've gotta find it. I asked my team to pull it because it's actually one of the favorite things I've seen. Where is that you guys, the, the New York Times, like recently, like with within the relatively, not not so distant past had an article about defending President Biden, where I have so many papers to talking about his age.


Oh wait, I found it as follows. Okay. I pulled this just 'cause for you guys. This is from March of 2024. Here's the headline in the New York Times. You're not gonna believe this for Joe Biden, what seems like age might instead be style. It might be style. And they compared him to late night. Okay. To certain artists at the end of their careers who enter a new and distinctive phase no of creativity. I'm quoting here. Sometimes they produce a succession of masterpieces that both fulfill and transcend the promise of an earlier work.


Richard Wagner Wagner's final run of operas, the three major novels novel. Henry Henry James published at the start of the 20th century, the movies Martin Scorsese is making now. That's the New York Times in March about this president. That is Amazing. It's amazing. Like, he's like, yeah, you know, it's a new face. Yeah, I'm going through, I just headed down to the villages and checked out the assisted living facility and feel like that style is sort of befitting of where I am at in terms of my leadership. No, it's just like Neil Young writing Harvest Moon. He's just a different face. He's, He's gonna wear skinny ties now and forget everything. That's his new style in his, I mean like how quickly they jump from excuse to excuse.


So like it's a stutter. No, it's actually his style. It's a style. Exactly. It's intended to be like that. It's artistic. Yeah. So this is the same magazine that's now you guys saw the piece today where they're, I mean the New York Times today is freaking out that their pressure campaign on him is not working. Yeah. And double down with the headline. This is the editorial board. The Democratic Party must speak the plain truth to the president. I'm gonna read you some of this by the editorial board. For voters who held out hope that President Biden's failure to communicate during last month's debate was an aberration. The intervening days have offered little comfort instead of campaigning vigorously to disprove doubts and demonstrate that he can beat Mr. Trump.


Mr. Biden has maintained a scripted and controlled schedule of public appearances. He has largely avoided taking questions from voters or journalists, the kinds of interactions that reveal his limitations and caused him so much trouble on the debate stage. And when he cast aside his teleprompter, most notably during a 22 minute interview with Stephanopoulos on Friday, he has continued to appear as a man in decline. The President is now trying to defy reality. Mr. Biden has disregarded the concerns of the voters, his fellow citizens, and put the country at significant risk. Since his feeble debate performance, multiple polls have shown that mo both Mr. Biden's approval rating and his chance of beating Trump have markedly dropped from their already shaky levels.


He went with the polls are wrong. The latest time Sienna Poll showed 74 4% of the voters think he's too old. And they go on to say as follows, democratic leaders should not rely solely on the judgment of the few voters who turned out in this year's Coronation primaries. So f the voters Endorsement of democracy right there, we know better. Mr. Biden has to pay attention to the will of the broader electorate that will determine the outcome in November. And then we read this in the intro, but you, since you guys weren't here, I'll tell you what they say next. From the grassroots to the high levels of the party, Democrats who want to defeat Trump in November should speak plainly to Mr.


Biden. They need to tell him that his defiance threatens to hand victory to Mr. Trump. They need to tell him he is embarrassing himself and endangering his legacy. He needs to hear plain and clear that he is no longer an effective spokesman for his own priorities going on To call specifically on Schumer, Jefferies and Pelosi saying the time has arrived to speak forcefully. The Whisper campaign is inadequate. There it is. There it is. Well, hey, look, you come to the conclusion that they're not at all bothered by whether this guy can do the job or not. Right? We've all seen this in Technicolor over the last three and a half years. Nobody's been the slightest bit concerned about Joe Biden's ability to do the job, despite the fact that it's quite obvious that he can't, they're a problem.


And the reason that they're up in arms at this point is because he is losing. Yep. They're very offended by the fact that they could lose to Donald Trump. They, they make no mistake they would weaken at Bernie's this guy all the way through if they thought they were gonna beat Donald Trump. I mean, that was plan A. That was, that was was plan A. But I mean it quite honestly, they, they would have Benito Mussolini on the ticket if they thought that he could beat Donald Trump. They don't care about whether Joe Biden has any amount of fitness for this job. The only thing that they care about is winning it. And that has become imperiled since the debate. And so now we're all up in arms. They could have done this, by the way, at the same time where they were writing the article last March that you read from extolling the virtues of this new stage of Joe Biden because it was quite obvious then what was happening now.


Exactly. And you know, I think what this is, you know, a really great example is you're seeing this kind of outrage from the media saying that like, oh, we were lied to. And that article to me is just like impotent rage of realizing that nothing they say or do, no matter what fit they throw, will matter. The Democrats won't listen to them. Biden's not gonna budge because the New York Times says so. And the thing is, is they did this to themselves when they became stenographers instead of reporters, they gave away whatever power they had. You know, if you're not holding power to account, power won't respect you. And that realization's becoming really star to them. They're like, why won't Joe Biden listen to us? Oh, right. It's because he knew he could just get us to do whatever he wanted for years.


Yeah. I think that's a really important point smug, and I'm glad you brought it up, because one of the things we talk about on the show all the time is that the mainstream media will not write a negative story about a Democrat unless it's in service of a separate Democrat. Yep. If at this point they are thinking that there's no chance that Joe Biden is off the ticket, that they're stuck with him, that the other Democrat they're writing in service of are these liberal ideas that they, they hued so closely towards so that when Joe Biden loses to Donald Trump in November, it's not the unpopular ideas of the open borders and the high inflation and the horrible things that Joe Biden has been doing to this country. It's just that he was too old to win. So they, they're Covering Us. Very interesting.


You should say that because first of all, I, I, it is Jackie Walorski. Jackie Spires is fine, but Jackie Walorski was from Indiana and died and they had, they ran an immor tour her moments before he stood up there and said, where is she? She? Yeah. You Just, just terrible. You just acknowledged that she's dead. Anyway. God rest her. You Remember? Hey Megan, do you remember the guy that she, that had no legs that he told to stand up at a rally? Yes. That was also, oh God, love you. God, love you. Stand up so people can see who you are. Oh God, I love you. But the thing I do wanna talk about your point, Ashbrook, because the polls were bad for Biden going into the debate, you know, the national poll was tighter between the two of them, but these swing state polls were bad for Biden going into the debate.


I mean, he's been running away Trump in places like Nevada in the polls, which isn't really considered a swing state. You know, it, it has gone red in the past, but it's been a long time. You guys know that you've done work out there Anyway, so I do wonder to like what extent, like the LOF Fair campaign was failing polls for Trump did not fall through the floor after the conviction in New York. The Democrat's efforts to kill him were failing and then they got to the debate. And so how much of the backlash against Biden is them Genucel genuinely being horrified by what we all saw, which was absolutely dreadful and alarming.


And how much is we, we just picked the wrong horse, you know, like kind of Biden saying, Hey, you didn't run a primary and I won and f off. You know, he's kind of got a point. Yeah, no, I mean, there's zero earnest piece of this. I mean, look, we're not around Joe Biden every day, but I do watch the news and I do read the newspaper and there has not been a moment over the last three and a half years where we have gone a calendar week where there's not one of these episodes. I mean, we play, we open our show most days with a clip of Joe Biden. It's a lot of content, right? That's a lot of content. We twice a week write on schedule.


52 weeks a year. We've had Joe Biden leading this thing. It's always fresh. And it's like not, we're not like Biden historians. All we do is sort of observe what's happening. It's so like the idea that these people are all always waking up being like, oh my gosh, I can't believe it. He's actually not, he's not doing well. And I think also, you know, you make a good point, Megan, is that this is like part and parcel of the realization of Democrats that their plan failed. Yeah. They thought, if we can say the magic word, convicted felon Donald Trump, then it's all over landslide coast to coast. And that didn't end up materializing for them. And so this is essentially like the last straw when they see Joe Biden is functionally inoperable on a debate stage that was like, okay, there there's nothing, there's nothing we have going for us that voters would vote for us.


They can't run on their record, which is why they did the whole welfare thing. They don't wanna say, well, look, Americans feel pretty bad about the economy. It's war across the world under Joe Biden. And he, he basically can't speak. Like, that's not a very strong case to, I mean, If, you rewind the tape on it, it's kind of like a threefold campaign right from the beginning. How are you gonna get Joe Biden over the finish line? Yeah. Right. Which is not an easy thing. I'll give 'em some credit for that. They gotta look at that. There's a puzzle pieces there. But it was, first it was elevating Donald Trump because they thought that he was the single most flawed Republican candidate. So they spent, remember the speeches in Philadelphia that Joe Biden gave, or, or any Val Forge.


Val, yeah. Any chance that he had to sort of elevate Donald Trump in the hopes that he would win a Republican primary. So they would, that's step one. Step two is convict the nominee, right? Ronald full law, fair campaign. So they could say he's a convicted felony felon and like add that because they're absolutely convinced the senator of the electorate that was with him in 2020 will be right back despite their misgivings of a horrible presidency with the idea that he's a felon. Okay, well that didn't work. But then they were planning on marketing all of that down the stretch and hoping just, you know, bland old vanilla ice cream, Joe Biden could get over the finish line because of what you thought about Donald Trump. Once that failed, they're in a hell of a pickle.


In some ways, the the debate gave them an opportunity that they didn't ordinarily put themselves together to try to do Exactly. Yes. You know, and so that's why this conversation is happening in perpetuity, is because they're running a campaign that is destined to lose and they've gotta try to change the trajectory of it. Yeah. I I know it's like, I feel like if you're an actual patriot, you know, an actual patriot, you want Biden gone because you realize he has no business being president of the United States right now. Right. He just, it's, it's not the fact that he didn't win, it's the fact that he is incompetent to lead the, the country can't have a president who can only work six hours a day and even then doesn't know, you know, anything about the core issues that are important to the country.


Nevermind his party like abortion, which he thinks is about sister on sister rape. So that's a no, But forgot about that. Do but If you go, he can't, he can't do anything. He can't do, he can't Do anything. There was a, there was like a 2000 word Wall Street Journal article the posted last night that had all these vignettes about him losing his mind. And one of them, he couldn't come up with the word veteran. He was in a group of like 50 people and he was like, what's the word for like somebody who was in the Army or Navy and they're like, veteran. Yes. He Doesn't even know the Word. Like all that's going on. And then you go to like the few remaining supporters of Joe Biden and they're like, well, you know what, what did he, what's he gonna do to dig outta there?


Well, he's gonna have to run a more aggressive camp. He's gonna have to get out there and be a, I'm sure he would love that. I mean that's like saying to Michael J. Fox, like, why don't you just run out and do another back to the future? Well, I'm sure we'd love to, but God had have other plans on that. You know, that's, I mean, that is what happens to Joe. He is incapable Yeah. Of running a vigorous campaign. Somebody ought to look at Jill Biden when she's not composing her own music, walkout music at the White House and say like, what the hell are you doing? Like, how would you allow was nasty someone you love to go through this. Yeah. Nasty. Yes. So they, there was a report yesterday that Biden in that meeting with the governors declared over the weekend or Friday we're done talking about the debate.


The talk about the debate is over in response to which I could only think of this. So it's 14, maybe you guys know it Over. Did you say over Nothing is over until we decided this. Yeah. Yes, it's perfect. An animal house called, For those of you who missed, missed it. 1978 Animal House. I told the story last week, but my brother, who was only 13 at the time, asked my mom to take him. 'cause he couldn't get in without her rated R and she took him and he actually had to get up and move his seat because my mother was laughing so hard. He was embarrassed. He was one of the best movies ever. So good With the answers to all of our news problems.


But yeah, so he's done talking about the debate. Sure. Okay. That's fine. He can say that. But the rest of us aren't And. It's, and now it is a media pile on because every mistake he makes, finally the left wing press is paying attention to it. Yeah, yeah. They're paying attention to it. But like John always said, I mean, it's because it's in service to this larger democratic mission. Yeah. They never, they're never just gonna attack a Democrat for no reason. They always do it because they think it's gonna help either Kamala Harris or they think it's gonna help Gretchen Whitmer or some other candidate to replace him on the ballot. If they can't replace him on the ballot, I predict they'll continue to criticize his age so that people do not pay attention to how ludicrous his liberal policies are and how much damage they're doing to the country.


Because for these journalists, they're first and foremost religious zealots for the left, and they preach the gospel of the left every single day. And if anybody questions that they lose their mind. And you're not, you're, you're simply not allowed to question it. So Joe Biden will not stand in the way of their radiology or anybody else is not gonna stand in the way of the radiology. Yeah. And don't underestimate the ability of a democratic voter to get back on board here either. Yeah. Right. I mean, we're going through a period where it's gotten a little leaner. I mean, the polls look pretty similar to the how they looked before the debate, but it's got a little leaner for 'em. The spread has gotten, you know, a point or two more and there's this huge gap in the democratic side of the ledger of people just not totally coalesced around Joe Biden yet.


If anybody thinks that they're not gonna coalesce, they're wrong, they are gonna coalesce, they're we're still talking about, I mean, they literally could weak at Bernie's in Yeah. They could literally roll him out with the arms and the legs and the big sunglasses. And he was, he is going to get 48 plus percent in a lot of these states that he's counting on. And There are people in the media who are out there actively still defending him. Like he goes on Joe Scarborough and If. you watch Jim Morning, Joe, I mean, it sounds like, it sounds like a conversation inside the Biden press secretary's office. Yes. So it's very likely that morning Joe, the day after Biden holds the nomination, morning Joe's like, oh, he is a comeback kid.


We saw this with Bill Clinton. Look at that youth in Vigo. He stopped all cu He's gonna stop Biden or he is gonna stop Trump too. I mean, to me it's, it's amazing. Like if they actually do, hold on. If he refuses to go and, and the Democrats choose to back him, it is the truly greatest gift that could have been given to Donald Trump. I realize nothing is assumed, nothing is guaranteed. But who had on their 2024 Bingo card, the entire media turns on Joe Biden knives him repeatedly for two weeks or two months, completely batters and bruises him right before the vote. I mean is incredible.


You could, did Trump ever, it's like it was Trump who was supposed to be getting that treatment right route right now from the media. Trump was supposed to be in the media every day, convicted felon, convicted felon, and instead we're getting decrepit. Can't do it. Incompetent cognition. All the problems outlined by the times in Politico and Axios and the Atlanta Journal Constitution. I mean everything. Yeah. Yeah. It's a Black Swan Media event. It does not happen. Yeah. And, it only happens because Democrats are pushing it. I mean, a lot of opportunity to do that before, but now it's a problem for 'em. I think that the biggest issue when it comes to this campaign is at what point do you get to a point of no return with the center of the electorate?


Right. I mean, if you're looking, the reason that Joe Biden's like, all right, we're done talking about that, is that they're gonna begin to incur because of the daily conversation. I'm sure you've had this Megan, people in your family who are not political at all, who you never hear from about anything in the news or pol. They'll shoot you a text and be like, my Lord, look at Joe Biden. Like it's become a global phenomenon. Yeah. In information flow and undoing that with a certain segment of the electorate that he's going to require to win 270 electoral votes is no easy task. If I'm a Democrat, you wonder whether or not you're already at a point of no return with that. Yeah. Yeah. You'd want your party to be, or your press to be hedging its bets a little bit more just in case he refuses to go since he's got 99% of the delegates.


This just didn't, guys, this is interesting. So we started the show by mentioning that the house Democrats are having a meeting and supposedly, oh yeah. The, the House Senate members or the, the Democratic Senate men members will as well. Just before this is Axios House Democrats Tuesday morning meeting a smaller group of swing district Democrats held what sources described as a despondent gathering with actual tears. Alright? These are the ones who are in these swing states where they'll lose if Joe Biden's too much of a pull. They're on the, on the fence Anyway, the block of Battleground House Democrats is one of the last firm pockets of a rapidly disintegrating movement on Capitol Hill to get Biden off the ticket.


One described the mood as quote, pretty much unanimous. That Biden quote has got to step down, adding quote, there were actual tears from people and not for Biden, one house Democrat who was in both meetings, the smaller one with the swing state Dems and the larger one said, quote, most of our caucus is still with him, meaning he'll stay in, which sucks for our country. So that this thing is turning, it's starting to turn, I don't know what Joe Manchin is talking about when he says, just wait for the weekend. I don't know what Mike Quigley is talking about when he says behind the scenes it's even worse.


Trust me. They're gonna come out, the ones who are behind the scenes saying Get out and they're gonna say it in front of the cameras. He's already losing some donors, but not all. So how does this play out, you guys? Is there some big turn coming before the weekend and how long does he have? I mean, if it's not Barack Obama himself and Hillary Clinton herself, Chuck Schumer himself, Hakeem Jeffries himself. If it's not those people coming out looking at the camera and saying, Joe Biden, you need to get out there. You, there is not enough strength to just sort of like do it behind the scenes and pitch a story to the New York Times and then have the editorial page write what they're writing. Yeah. 'cause Jill ain't having it.


Exactly. And Hunter's definitely not. No. Hunter is a 100% not having it. This is all he Lemme Tell, lemme lemme give you a visual on Hunter what he's gonna be doing. All right. We ran this video, forgive me, it's not nice. It's, it's from Brazil and it's a woman who has taken in a man, a dead man, an actual dead man who she claimed was her uncle in an effort to get a four figure loan in his name. I'm sorry, it's So come on. but that Joe, this is Hunter Biden. Sorry. Yeah, I'm sure the pa the pardon paperwork is around here somewhere. Dad, here it is. God forgive me. Before Inauguration day, he's gonna have Air Force one in China going just door to door with Joe in a wheelchair being like, one more contract for the road.


Come on, You can do it. I, I literally have my father sitting right next to me this time. I actually Do what do you want anything, Selfies? I, We talked about this, I think, gosh, must be like six months ago, Megan, all of us together with you, what were their options, right? How would they get to a point where they could actually do something other than Joe Biden? And at that point we talked about the difficulty of moving around Kamala Harris, which obviously there's a huge constituency that's represented within the Democratic Party that would take grave offense if somehow the number two was not elevated to the number one in such a scenario as the one we're looking at here. I think that's only become more difficult.


Like we laid out some scenarios back in the day, but, but I think now you see guys like Jim Clyburn, right? Who's probably the single most important part of the constituency of Joe Biden. He would've been the nominee without him in 2020. He came out immediately and said, well, if it's not gonna be Joe, it's gonna be Kamala Harris. I think that's basically what they got here, right? And then there was some leaking out of super Pac major donor discussions that I think maybe Ben Smith or somebody had heard about, and, and I'm paraphrasing, but basically what they said is, Kamala Harris is scarier to the senator of the electorate than a dead Joe Biden. And that is a political reality that they are, are grappling with.


Like, it, it, yes, it's unpalatable to have Joe Biden continue, but they're so locked in, in the constituencies that make up the Democratic party that they actually can't freelance a whole bunch here. Right? There's no, There's no white horse coming down. So do you think that Clyburn coming out and saying that about Kamala was intended to throw a lifeline to Joe because Clyburn understood fully that the Democratic base would not accept her as a sub. I do it like Duncan always says on our show, the best 25th amendment insurance that Joe Biden ever got was appointed Kamala Harris as his number two. Right? Because nobody ever wanted to see her in charge. And I think that's part of the, part of, in parcel of the case. But if you're talking about African Americans writ large and black women in particular, that is a core demographic to the Democratic party.


And there is no chance in hell that they can win. States like Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, you just can't do it. You can't even come close If that constituency loses some enthusiasm in the 2024 election, they know that. So it's like a rock and a hard place. I mean there's really, at this point, like the gurney might be a better option for him. This is so interesting. Like, I, I actually don't know what's gonna happen. I realize that Biden wants to stay and Jill Biden wants to stay, but I've never seen this kind of media onslaught by the left against one of their own candidates who's already basically been nominated. I mean, he's got 99% of the delegates.


It's one thing when you can, you can cut like a senator or a house member who's immersed in a massive scandal. That's one thing they've done that. But this is something else entirely. And it's universal. I mean, And it, the, the hypocrisy of course is like so on the nose, the New York Times, which you say is, how did you put it? Smug. They're in a rage. They're imp they're infinite Rage, Impotent rage. Okay, I love that They're in a meltdown right now. Not withstanding the fact that, you know, when did the her report come out? It was like a couple of months ago. HUR the special counsel investigating Joe Biden and his misuse of classified documents. And this was their opportunity.


He came out, he said, I would indict him. Yeah, this, he committed this crime, but he's a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. And I don't think that a jury would convict such a person. That's it. That's all he said. He did not go on about poor memory that, you know, is evident in all circumstances or he can't put two sentences together or he can't finish his thoughts or he meanders or he can't stay on topic or all the things that we saw. Or he's got the mouth a gap and the dead waxy skin. Like none of that. None of that. And this is what I'll, we have a soundbite of people on tv, but trust me, we went back and looked at the New York Times. They were just as bad in what they said about Robert Hur at the time. Watch this. Ins five, The comments that were made by that prosecutor, gratuitous, inaccurate, and inappropriate Hackery by Mr.


Hur. You the guy knew he's a Trumper who knew You are not to Put a finger on the scale of politics. That report showed that Merrick Garland again made the classic democratic mistake, which is, I know I'll appoint a republican, a republican partisan to investigate and that will give us credibility. And This one who was appointed by Donald Trump wanted to make sure that he got his licks In. Okay. You, you managed to infuse licks in and Jeffrey Toin in a SAT that you just played for the ruthless variety pro. I'll, it's Subtle point out, but I knew you guys would get it. I will You point out for the listening audience though, that CNN was good enough to pan to tubing's hands, just so you know, just so you knew where they were.


A Thoughtful gesture as a programming note, poor Robert Hur, where do you go to get your reputation back? Right? Smeared by everybody in the media, including the Times, which is now saying he's gotta step down. He's too in firm, he can't do it. They were disgusted about this one line in the guy's report. They had opportunities to report on it. They had excuses to report on it. It really wasn't until two things happened. The Law fair campaign failed the polls. I guess three things did not improve. And then the world saw in an undeniable way just how bad he was that they were like, we gotta get off this sinking ship right now. The devil's about to get elected.


Yeah, well, I mean, look, this episode perfectly illustrates the lengths to which Democrats went to try to conceal Joe Biden's actual health from the American public. I mean, her came out with this, they instantly criticized and like I, you knew that was coming, but then down the road house Republicans tried to get the audio to, to put, they're still not able to get that out. The White House just had presidential privilege dropped on top of that. And so people couldn't listen to a deposition from the president of the United States with a special counsel. They couldn't hear it because the White House's extraordinary moves to try to conceal it. And like you said, I think like four months ago, If, you would've listened to that.


My guess is Based on what was in that transcript. Everybody would've come to the same conclusion that we saw two weeks ago. Yeah. But now Democrats are stuck in a hot war behind the scenes. And that's part of the reason why, Megan, you said that you can't figure out who's gonna be their nominee. We can't figure out who's gonna be their nominee. Democrats don't know who is gonna be their nominee. They had no plan. They literally are in a war against each other. And the only chance that the New York Times and these members who want to get rid of Biden have, the only chance they have is if he has 99 delegates. And Hillary Clinton isn't one. Mm. Here, wait, here's, I wanna give you more on the New York Times after hers report. Paul Krugman opinion columnist, the disgusting furor over Biden's age when the news broke about special, the special counsel's hit job, his snide unwarranted, obviously politically motivated slurs about President Biden's memory.


And he goes on from there. I had an hour long off the record meeting with Biden in August. And I can assure you he is perfectly lucid with a good grasp of events. Flash forward to after the debate on June 28th, here's his headline. The best president of my adult life needs to withdraw. No apology to Robert her. It's just, okay, now I see the truth. I mean, like, we could spend all day doing this. It's just so dishonest. Can we spend spend More importantly, importantly, you can see, you can see the truth. That's what he's concerned about. Yep. Like he knew the truth. That's his issue. But then now the fact that we can see the truth and it's not running through the prism that he had constructed to try to present a different reality.


Yep. Now it's a problem. Yep. And I wanna spend a minute, minute on the Wall Street Journal report that you guys just mentioned that hit last night talking about the, the headline is how Biden's Inner Circle worked to keep signs of aging under wraps. It's just so ridiculous. They were all part of it. The media was part of it. The bi, the Biden White House team was part of it. And Dollars to Donuts. This quack doctor was part of it too. This Kevin O'Connor, he's complicit. That guy worked for the Bidens. He was in partnership with Jim Biden and he's like Jill Biden's son, according to the former White House doctor. And this guy is obviously running cover for Joe Biden.


His ridiculous statements do not assuage any of my concerns. So we'll talk about that too. But here's the Wall Street Journal reporting. Senior White House advisors for more than a year have aggressively stage managed President Biden's schedule limited his daily itinerary shielded him from impromptu exchanges, restricted news conferences and media appearances, twice declining Super Bowl halftime interviews. All of our viewers know all of this. We, you guys, and we have covered all of this at some fundraising events. The campaign allows few impromptu moments at a fundraiser with the president, even with top donors. They don't want his top donors getting one-on-one discussions with them. The campaign is long directed donors to submit their questions for the president in advance, including at an event this year in South Florida with only eight people, Eight people.


You, that's like you guys telling me you want my questions for the show to be submitted in advance. You can't retain the info during a fundraiser at the Four Seasons in New York. In June of 23, he spoke for five to 10 minutes. The attendees were struck by how fragile he seemed. At one point he could not recall the word for veteran. This is what you were talking about Ashbrook. He asked the group to help him find the word saying he wanted to refer to a person who had served in the Army or Navy When asked about these events, Kevin Munoz is a Biden campaign spokesperson, criticize reporters who use anonymous sources. Okay, so it's not a no. And then we go to this, the white, the White House. Eights often erect barriers to keep reporters from asking Biden questions.


Journalists are sometimes kept dozens or even hundreds of feet away from the president at events. And I didn't know about this White House staff often blast music. So questions cannot be heard during the President's exit when Biden holds one of his rare news conferences, white House officials often reach out to reporters whom the president might call on in a bid to determine what questions they plan to ask. We know that, 'cause we saw the LA Times question on one of his note cards, and the LA Times got humiliated 'cause they got caught doing his bidding. Not to mention those radio hosts over the weekend. Some donors who had seen all of this up close and personally and were alarmed, kept their concerns quiet. You guys will get this because they did not wanna risk their access or influence.


No one wanted to jeopardize a chance to become an ambassador. Said a Los Angeles base, longtime democratic donor. Disgusting. What a game. What a game. Yeah. Like they are willing to risk this country. To me, the the most shocking part of that Wall Street Journal article was, I I was it a G seven meeting that the German chancellor was hoping, you know, had a meeting set with Joe Biden afterwards to have dinner. And then Anthony Blinken shows up and says, well, Joe Biden fell asleep. He's asleep right now. You think you could construct a better excuse, by The way, I mean, I guess there's sometimes honesty is not the best policy, but Brandon is dark. So, so for an ambassadorship, Brandon is dark darker Than we do. Yeah. For an ambassadorship, these people are willing to risk having a president who's not ready.


If a crisis breaks out internationally, if a war breaks out the country's attacked the guy's asleep by 4:00 PM They're like, well, listen, everyone, keep your mouth shut. And maybe we get ambassadorships out of this. That's just disgusting. Completely. Yeah, completely. That's right. Well, and I, they Said it concern about themselves. There's, there was a campaign spokesperson on background. Of course, I can't put their name on it, but I, it was either in that article or another article, maybe they just tweeted out in response to the article. But it was basically like, ah, this is like all nonsense. Everybody's gonna want their Christmas party invite next year. Right. Which is like the way they characterizes it. It's, yeah, the access to us is significantly More important. You know, Holmes, on the bright side, Biden will have zero memory of anything that was written about him.


It'll, I I always say to my husband, Doug, my, because I have this attachment for the, to the movie Willy Wonka, the Chocolate Factory. And I'm like, you know, if I ever get Alzheimer's and I have to go into like the Alzheimer's wing of some facility, just, you know, make sure that you get that. And my, my other favorite movies all teed up for me and he goes, you're only gonna need one. No, it's true. God, I mean, it's, it seems like this guy we're like a a half step away from somebody throwing a, a baseball at his face to see if he wakes up like Robert De Niro in Awakenings. You know, I mean, this is just like, it's getting ugly out there.


I know. All right, standby. We're gonna take a quick break, but when I come back, James Clyburn just came outta that, that meeting and what he's saying now about Biden's future. Standby.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Did you speak up in favor of President Biden in There? I didn't speak. What Was, was there more people saying Biden should step down? Or more people say you should Step down If, you are riding with Biden, you're riding with Biden. Was that the general consensus in there? We are riding with Biden. Every there conversation about vice president. We are riding with Biden. Was there Vice, was there conversation about Vice p Kama Harris in there? We are riding Biden. You're still a national campaign chair, right? Oh yes, I am. Was it the consensus from everyone in with Biden, from everyone in the room, everyone reads right in with Biden. Do you still support the idea of a mini primary right in with Biden? Does this come the ability of Democrats to win back the house to focus on 2025, be ride in with Biden?


Did you, That was James Clyburn powerful. That sounds super enthusiastic, Democrat. Well, what do you, what do you make of that, you guys? Well, it's obvious that he can't come out and say that there was consensus. I mean, we've seen all the reports. There was actual tears being shed over the idea that there were riding with Biden. But again, he's the national co-chair of Biden's campaign. Like what else is he supposed to say? And like, I, I, you know, I just don't think they have a plan B that is workable at this point. Like, the fact that we've been having this conversation for two weeks means that they are trying to figure something out other than Biden with Biden.


Yeah. But the fact that they haven't come to any consensus at all is evident by the fact that the newspapers are still talking about riding with Biden being a bad deal. And, you know, can, So Jake's in a rough spot. Bill Burton, who used to work for the Obama campaign as a spokesman, had a piece out recently saying this is, it would be a disaster to go with anyone other than Kamala. And we went back earlier on her unpopularity and he was saying, imagine this. Imagine they do do the mini primary and someone like, let's say Gavin Newsom wins, but she's still on the VP role, right? She's not, nobody's talking about bouncing her outta the VP role if she doesn't win the sweepstakes. And so now she's gotta move outta California because you can't have two people running from the same state for VP and president.


That Would be so great. So, so the sitting vice president who is a black woman and Southeast Asian, whatever, she's gotta get out of California state. She's gotta run as the number two behind the white dude in a party whose base is black women and who prizes identity politics. I mean, maybe, maybe Actually you don't think that's the kind of message. Yeah. You don't think that's kind of the message that they're seeking to convey with a hundred days left in the damn election. Holy cats. What a disaster. It was a very interesting thought experiment. Here's more on this meeting. Biden Backer, representative Juan Vargas, democratic California.


It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen who's calling the president's critics a circular firing squad via political closely watch House minority leader Hakeem Jeffries opened the private meeting with remarks about unity according to one member who interpreted those comments as support for Biden Jeffries message, according to Representative Garcia, Democrat of Illinois, was to stay together and listen to each other. But one member who attended today's Democratic caucus meeting tells who is this reporter, Kaia Goba. The morale of the caucus is at historic lows. When I asked if they would compare it to a funeral like others have, they said that is an insult to funerals.


Oh geez. And finally, political headline, house Dems Sad venting session yields no clear path forward on Biden's future. Oh my God, they must be in therapy daily. I I would be really curious to s to see if Jimmy Carter is watching the news on this because in 1980 live option there was a senator, he got another term in who, who There was a senator who, who a Democrat who told Jimmy Carter that he couldn't win and led a charge to try to replace him. That senator was Joe Biden. Oh. Oh, that's, so I met Jimmy Carter is watching with popcorn every night too. He, he up what? Thank God I made it.


He was like, let me hold on to this. Hold on. Until the election day to watch this asshole lose That calls for another bag of peanuts and a peach. Yeah. Honestly, Jimmy Car might be in better cognitive shape than Joe Biden right now. Honestly, probably is honestly, the thing that I, that I find just this whole episode just makes me angry. I should be more cynical than this, but it does still make me angry, is the idea that they've had unprecedented unity within the Democratic conference. Right. There wasn't a single one of 'em that took a look at the Inflation reduction act. That summarily increased inflation on the American people. It increased the suffering of their constituents. There wasn't a single one of had popped up and said like, maybe this isn't a good idea.


Even when the results became evident, they never wanted to revisit it because that had total unity. But as soon as their political prospects are damaged, oh, we have actual tears. Yeah. Actual not a single tier shed for your constituents, but like the narcissism and the cynicism that is today's democratic party has given grave concern over the fact they might not be able to keep their jobs. That's exactly it. That's exactly it. Tell you, now we're gonna have to pretend, I guess that we believe this medical doctor from the White House, that the Alzheimer guy or the Parkinson's guy, he only ever examined Biden on his annual physical and all those other visits were for some, some unnamed other person at the White House who they will not give us any information about And.


it doesn't matter that he was actually meeting with this particular woman who coordinates primary care visits or the president, the vice president. Their families and appointed cabinet members just pay no attention to any of that. We swear it wasn't for Joe Biden and they won't answer whether that when this Alzheimer's or it's Parkinson's doctor came, he was consulting with the main Dr. Kevin O'Connor about President Biden. Even though the vast majority of the visits followed a very public incident with President Biden showing cognitive decline. They won't answer any, we're supposed to just accept this doctor letter like, yeah, he's fine. And meanwhile, I'll give credit to, who is it, Politico who puts this in.


Its reporting experts in presidential health and it's long history of medical coverups said the close personal bonds between the Bidens and this Dr. O'Connor that's the main doctor, intensified the inherent inherent conflicts in relying on this White House physician to accurately tell us anything. Burt Park, author of the Impact of Illness on world leaders and an advocate for independent oversight of President's Health called the Biden Family Bonds, one of the many concerns about relying on O'Connor to publicly disclose serious medical issues, but we cannot depend on the presidential physician to come clean. That's a fool's game. And then this from Jacob Apple, professor at the Icahn School of Medicine in New York, who has studied the political dilemmas posed by the President's health saying the members of the public are fooling themselves if they believe the president's doctor is there to keep them fully informed.


And also pointing out HIPAA forbids physicians from disclosing medical information that a patient HIPA wants to keep secret. All Joe Biden has to say is, we're not releasing anything about cognitive issues and the these physicians' hands are tied, and yet we're supposed to just take this little letter and say, okay, I guess he's fine. Yeah. And what's really interesting is he had Ronnie Jackson, who's currently a congressman, was previously the White House doctor. Immediately after the report came out, he said, well, this is absolute bunk because if it was just two doctors consulting and not an actual medical checkup that would've taken place in the EEOB, this, this doctor was specifically allowed access into the White House residence, which is not where you go unless you're checking in on the president.


That's good info. That's good info. That makes perfect sense. There are some weird questions with this mug. Thank you for raising that because Kelly McGuire, who took a look into this for us, and she's very smart, she doesn't make mistakes, was pointing out that the, the president's doctor heads up the White House Medical Unit, which includes about 30 medical personnel and is available for medical care at all hours of the day. There's an exam room on the ground floor of the White House residents located next to the map room, as well as the larger set of offices in the EEOB. Now she says those who receive care include the president, his immediate family, the vice president, white House staff members, and if necessary foreign dignitaries and tourists. Well, we know it wasn't a foreign dignitary or tourist getting, I mean, come on.


But she points out that each of the neurologist visits had him go to the residents clinic. And we've been unable to determine if that specific area is meant for just Biden and his family. But you're saying that, that, that it is, according to Ronnie Jackson, who was the previous White House doctor. Yeah. I mean that's just stunning. Yeah, I mean it's, it's tough for them because they keep getting caught in their lives. It used to have like a, they had like a month or two before the lies unraveled and now it's within minutes. So We, we've had this like amazing ongoing joke about, it's like what is the di most difficult job in the White House? Is it the bracket man that tries to correct the transcripts? Is it the advanced person who has to put teleprompters up for a, a seating of eight people, or I'm now convinced it might be the attending on-call physician for Joe Biden.


Talk about it. Taxing job Holy Didn't happen. I mean, you just, memory hole at all didn't happen If. you rely on hip hop to say, it didn't happen. I haven't been authorized. And then it's all well and good until your client, your patient agrees to do a presidential debate and has a complete meltdown in front of the American people. Look guys, all I think, think is, I don't know at this point whether Biden can be forced out. I think this is an absolute political calamity for the Democrats. I think Biden is, as Maureen Dow put it, being incredibly selfish and shortsighted. And I do think this is boiling down at this point as our first guest, John Ellis said to a fight between the white elites who read the New York Times and the core black constituency that makes up the base of the Democrat party.


Who will win? Who? Who will side with Biden and who won't, who will have the ultimate power the next coming days. We'll tell guys, great to see you. See you very soon. Great to see you. Absolutely. Thanks so much. Thanks Megan. All right. All the best tomorrow. Glenn Greenwald and Tulsi Gabbard. That ought to be fun. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.