
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe your small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment. Whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We have so much to get to today. Later we've got the lawyer for the doctor who recently settled his massive defamation case against NBC News. She will join me to explain exactly what they did on the Rachel Maddow Show. The Nicole Wallace Show, the Chris Hayes Show, and on msnbc.com with people like Jacob Soof that wound up costing NBC some undisclosed amount of money with which the plaintiffs say They are very happy.


And the facts of this case are shocking. We'll get to that in just a bit. But there's so much news to get to. First, there's the latest on the Abrego Garcia case, Democrat Senators making absolute fools of themselves. Now going to bat for the illegal immigrant suspected MS 13 gang member. This is their poster boy on the left now, who was sent to El Salvador. He's El Salvador in. Okay, there was the removal order saying, don't remove, remove him there because he might face gang violence. That gang has since evaporated. They've been extinguished, so the danger's gone. What we did was send him back to his home country. It's not like a gift. I realize he's sitting in a prison that's gonna be El Salvador's problem right now.


It is a showdown, legal showdown between the Trump administration and this judge. But really as a practical matter, we sent an El Salvadorian back to his country and the ladies of the Blue Origins mission, the Space Mission. Literally, they're talking about it like it was Apollo 11. They think they're Neil Armstrong. It's, it's amazing. They are getting ripped now, not just from the Meghan Kelly's of the world, but from all these lefties, all these Hollywood celebs are going on instrument and elsewhere and expressing their disdain for what these women did and how they're celebrating themselves. Wait until you hear how they talked about their 10 minute trip on Jeff Bezos's Sexual Fantasy Rocket.


A lot to get to. Joining me now at Batya Ungar Sargon free press columnist and author of second class, how the elites betrayed America's Working Men and Women


Tax Day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just the beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay? The good news is there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network, USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free, and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move.


Patrick, great to see you. Great, thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much for having me, Megan. It's always such a gift to be able to join you and your listeners. Oh, I love you, Ella. I feel exactly the same way when you're on. Alright, we've gotta start with Letitia James because I'm sorry, but this is a huge deal. Letitia James, attorney General of the State of New York, may be on the wrong end of the law herself. This is all over the news right now. The allegations first reported by the outlet, white collar fraud, Fox News, bringing them on the air last night. On Tuesday, she was hit with a federal criminal referral for instances of alleged mortgage fraud.


The Federal Housing Finance Agency director, William Pulte, sent a letter to AG Pam Bondi and her Deputy Ag Todd Blanche accusing Letitia James of mortgage fraud. In the course of exercising US federal housing authorities under Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act, US Federal Housing has identified matters that are appropriate for referral to the U-S-D-O-J for the consideration of criminal prosecution. The the bottom line is they're alleging that she got a second house in Virginia. She's obviously, she lives in New York. She's the New York Attorney General. She has to live in New York. She got a second house in Virginia, and then in applying for a mortgage for that house, she had a, a lawyer to whom she designated power of attorney declare that it was her principal re residence.


They allege that she did that because you get a better mortgage rate when you say it's your principal residence because banks think if you're gonna default on a mortgage, it's not gonna be the one of the house in which you live. So if you fall on hard times, you're more likely to default on a second mortgage, like a beach home or a secondary thing than your primary. And that she, knowing that this was not her primary residence, obviously she's in New York and she has to be lied and that you can't, having your power of attorney lie is the same as you lying. There's absolutely no distinction legally. So they're saying she did that. Then they're saying she had a place in Brooklyn that she was gonna get a special mortgage for as long as it has had four apartments or bedrooms or less.


You had to get a, you could get a lower rate if you had four bedrooms or under. I can't figure out whether it was like one of those town homes where everybody has their own apartment or whether it's a dwelling that has actual bedrooms for a family, but it's irrelevant. The point is, you get a better mortgage rate if it's got four bedrooms or less. And this place had five, and they're alleging that she wrongfully declared it had four over and over once again to get a more favorable mortgage rate. And then on top of all that, and this is truly bizarre, they're alleging that a long time ago when I know she must, I don't know how old she was, but it was 1983, they're alleging that she and her father signed mortgage documents that stated they were husband and wife in order to secure a home mortgage.


And then again, on May 4th, 2000, Ms. James was listed as with her husband, as husband and wife, and alleging that while this was a long time ago, it raises serious concerns about the validity of her representations on mortgage applications. This is an earthquake. This woman devoted years of her life in the past five years to bringing down Donald Trump for what? For alleged misrepresentations to banks about the value of his properties. They, the allegation was so that he could secure more favorable loans than he was entitled to in a, in a different, You know, dressing.


It's the same general fashion as what she's being accused of herself. But yeah, now she hasn't spoken to it directly, but her spokesperson said she's spoken every single day on protecting New Yorkers, especially as this administration weaponizes that's rich as this administration weaponizes the federal government against the rule of law and the constitution. She'll not be intimidated by bullies no matter who they are. But this is unbelievable. And if one word of this is true, she is in a world of trouble right now. Your thoughts. It's so amazing because I always say Donald Trump has a real genius for bringing out the lowest qualities in his opponents.


You look at how the Democrats have turned on all of their own values the minute they suspected Trump of supporting them, whether it was standing up for the working class or standing up for free speech, or standing up for women. As you point out all the time, Meghan, they simply will not ever cease or, or hesitate to retreat from their own values if they think Donald Trump may be representing them. But here we have something even more delicious, which is that it was revealed that the person attacking him for all of these trumped up ridiculous charges who went after him for the pure sake of going after the political rival of the Democrats, because he was more popular than the Democrats, that she was herself allegedly engaged in the very things that she was pretending he was doing, which he was not actually doing.


It is just chef's kiss Meghan, because it is such a parallel for the Democrats who accused Donald Trump of being a threat to democracy while themselves undermining democracy. They accuse him of weaponizing the law while themselves weaponizing the law. And this is just like such a beautiful, per perfect bow on top of the box of their hypocrisy where he again and again comes out ahead. It's incredible. She, she's going to be hoisted on her own pitard because she's spent the past three years, four years arguing about how no one is above the law.


The powerful must be treated the same as the poor. That just because you're rich and famous doesn't give you the right to manipulate the banking system to get more favorable loans. Oh my God. All of that is going to be shoved right down her throat and into her craw in the context of this investigation and this case. Now, she'll tell us what her defense is. I'm, I'm all ears, cannot wait to hear how she's had alleged repeated slipups on her mortgages. Like one you could understand, I don't know, like maybe the dwelling that she said is four bedrooms instead of five. Maybe they did something with the fifth bedroom.


You know, like she's like counting as a study, although that's not the way it works. And mortgage law, they wanna know like what qualifies as a bedroom, not, they don't care how you're using it. I'm just trying to look for ways to give her the benefit of the doubt. I'm not sure how you say your father is your husband. That's, that's a tough one. It's not exactly what she's being prosecuted for, but if true, it absolutely shows a pattern of dishonesty. And by the way, pattern evidence can get in in criminal trials. They've been using it against Harvey Weinstein and others, up and down Lati, Letitia, James', New York State criminal system. So she, this woman's in a lot of trouble today. I'm telling you, this is serious.


Having read the, the complaint, Jonathan Turley was on Fox last night and he said exactly this, it took me less than a minute to find cases prosecuted under this statute for false claims of principle residences and the other allegations. So this is not some unusual statute that they bring up from time to time for enemies. This is actually quite frequently enforced and says this woman previously prosecuted Trump for everything short of ripping a label off a mattress. She emphasized he was ultimately responsible for any filings made in his name or that of his company, irrespective of whether he had seen them or signed them personally. He, he authorized them just as she would have here and said the great, he said, the greatest danger for Letitia James May be if the Letitia James standard is applied to her, where she emphasized such technicalities matter and that the powerful should not be given a free pass.


This is, this is just unbelievable. I mean, Fannie Willis goes down because she couldn't like keep her zipper up long enough to actually see the prosecution of Donald Trump through, right? And then I believe she lied under oath very clearly to me as, as well as her Nathan Waite. So that case crumbled, it crumbled, even though it was a state case, he couldn't be pardoned. There were all sorts of reasons why that one was problematic, but to your point, his enemies are just the worst people. Then Jack Smith loses the Florida case before Trump even won because he was the wrong prosecutor. He, they, they held that the appointment of this particular prosecutor was wrong.


The J six case was all but gutted by the Supreme Court saying he's got presidential immunity for most of this. The only one who got Trump was Alvin Bragg. And even that case was really undermined by that presidential immunity finding and ultimately kind of crumbled at the, at the very end, even though Alvin Bragg was determined to see it through. So he could call Trump a convicted felon and I think it'll be reversed on appeal. So what do you have now? You do have the Eugene Carroll verdict, which we all know is bullshit. And then there's this case by Letitia James, which was the one I was told by Trump insiders was the one that bothered him the most all along. It's his company, his near and dear company. And what's being alleged in this lawsuit is that that case was purs pursued by an alleged fraudster herself.


Yeah. And if this is true, I mean Megan, if you had done this stuff right, like the stuff she's accused of doing, you might sort of hesitate before going out and having the most high profile person on planet Earth be accused by you of the same exact things. So you have to like understand here, how is it possible that she could have staked so much knowing that she had done the same thing, if this is all true. And I think the answer to that is really important. Democrats wanna mentally do not consider conservatives and Republicans to be human in the same way that they are. They don't see them as comparable.


And the confidence with which she used the justice system to go after Trump for the very crimes that she herself is alleged of having committed suggests to me this kind of confidence that the system will always work, not justly, but in their favor, right? There's a kind of unconscious acknowledgement here and admission, if you will, that they believe that they are not held to the same standard as conservatives and Republicans and certainly Donald Trump. And I think for me, that's what's really interesting about this. Mm oh, she was like out there with the red drape, You know, tempting the bull.


How, who could forget the many times we heard this from her in SAT three? I will never be afraid to challenge this illegitimate president when our fundamental rights are at stake. I believe that the president of these United States can be indicted for criminal offenses. Will You sue him for us? Oh, we're gonna definitely sue. We're gonna be a real, he said, I know my name personally, That man in the White House who can't go a day without threatening our fundamental rights. Yes, we need to focus on Donald Trump and his abuses. We need to follow his money. We need to find out where he's laundered money.


We need to find out whether or not he's engaged in conspiracy. It's important that everyone understand that the days of Donald Trump are coming to an end. I Look forward to going into the Office of Attorney General every day, suing him, defending your rights, And then going home. That's a Fox news, but it's not unbelievable. Right? By the way, just pro tip Letitia James, your father is not your husband unless you've done something very wrong and so is he. That's just, just as a starter. And also when you apply for mortgages, you have to be truthful. I did look it up. It's a five family dwelling, so there's no ambiguity. It's a five family dwelling that according to this guy, this the, the guy I just referenced, hold on, I wanna make sure I get his title correct.


Director William Pulte of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. He says that she, she declared that it was four units because a building that exceeds four units that's greater than four, that's five, like hers, must be treated as a multi-family property and typically has larger down payment requirements and higher interest rate terms. And he said it appears that quote, Ms. James May have listed the Brooklyn New York property as four units instead of five in order to meet the conforming loan requirements and thus receive better interest rates. Ms. James also appears to have used the same falsification in order to receive mortgage assistance through this federal program, which he abbreviates here.


So, like I said, the Red Cape Batya, and guess what? The bull has come running. I mean, this isn't yet on Trump. This is, I have no idea whether Mr. Pulte had any, I don't know how he got started on this. No idea. But he's now referring it to Pam Bondi saying, you should prosecute this. This is a very serious matter and I have a feeling Pam Bondi will feel the same. And of course the Democrats are gonna accuse the Trump administration of weaponization and so forth, right? Because that's their favorite thing to do, which is, You know, as we've said many times on this show, every accusation from them is really a confession. If it wasn't clear before how much they believe that they have the right to use the institutions of this country, whether it's the justice system or the university system, or our economy, in order to further their own political gains, to seize power and to line their pockets with the proceeds.


This really is the cherry on the cake of that. It's some unbelievable, like the, you gotta be squeaky clean when you are a prosecutor or an attorney general. And I'm sorry, this isn't 2020 hindsight. This is, everybody knows that. Everybody knows that. Just even while I was practicing law as a civilian, I wasn't in a government role. I knew that, I knew I had to be super careful on every tax return. Just I felt as an officer of the court, I was held to a higher standard and I took it seriously and I was honored to do it. I felt like I was sworn into the, to the bar. I had to take an ethical test and pass that separately to, You know, convince these people to let me represent people in court and uphold my word as an officer of a court in, in dealing with judges and so on.


She, all those same things apply to her. And then some, because she's actually got criminal indictment power. She can put people behind bars or she can devastate their businesses. So being above reproach is especially important for someone like Letitia James. And this, I'm not gonna comment thing, this breezing ba pass of reporters. So she was on a fake phone call this morning, ain't gonna cut it. She's, she's finding out that's what's happening right now. She made up a fake crime to go after Donald Trump with, it was a civil suit. But she made up a, a fake legal indictment against him where she sued him to within an inch of his net worth and tried to ruin his business and actually is on her way toward doing it.


Although she's gonna get reversed. And You know what? You really do need to have clean hands if you're gonna play that kind of game, Letitia James, we'll see how it goes for you. Okay, speaking of unclean hands, the case of Abrego Garcia, this guy, wait until you hear what we've just found out about this guy. He's the left poster boy favorite poster boy child for just a Maryland dad who President Trump picked on. He, he just picked him up for no good reason and shipped him off to that Al El Salvador in prison. Well, one of the things they're trying to do, and, and this audience now we've talked to many times, but he's, he's not just a Maryland dad. He's a, he's not a US citizen, he's from El Salvador. He was picked up in, he was brought here illegally by his parents when he was 16, when in 2019 he was arrested for suspected gang activity.


And in the context of investigating this guy, they figured out that he was illegal and he was ordered, removed a district court judge, a a, an immigration trial judge, and then an appellate court above her both agreed he needed to be removed. He pled for mercy saying, please, you can't send me back to El Salvador 'cause there's gang activity, they might wanna kill me. And they said, okay, you don't have to go back to El Salvador. And he is been kind of just like hovering here ever since on our benevolence in saying, You know, you're kickout audible, But we won't say you back there. Anyway, that's where things stand with him. And in, in order to soften the hearts probably of American women in particular, but Americans cross country, they've been parading out his mother, I mean his wife, he's a good husband, he's a great father.


I'm gonna read you some of what she's said saying, let's see, we have that, okay, nevermind. We cut a so watch it. The Trump administration has labeled him a human trafficker, even an MS 13 gang leader. How do you respond to those claims? So Everything they're saying, it's wrong. My husband is a loving father and what I know is he's an amazing husband, an amazing father. That's who he truly is. Okay? Amazing husband and father. Now, this just broke today, Andy, no. Who's been on this show many times. Andy no. First reported this.


And then it was picked up by Bill Milus of Fox and now has been verified by Bill Milus of Fox based on Maryland state records. This great husband, this wonderful father, not once, but more than once, has been accused of domestic violence by that woman who was giving that interview right there. And the court records have been pulled. There's one from 2020, the case is now closed, there's another one from 2021, the case is now closed. And she signed this under penalty of perjury. Yeah, I I, in connection with his deportation from the moment he was detained, my children and I were sad and worried.


He's always been a loving, reliable partner and father, we struggled without him emotionally and economically that loving partner accused Yeah. Repeatedly of domestic violence against this spouse. And we don't yet have the details, But I guarantee you we're gonna get 'em. And what that does, batya is it undermines this woman's credibility entirely. She, at least two that we've found so far records of alleged domestic violence. How did we find that out from her? Undoubtedly, this is not some sweetheart like loving kid who the Trump administration is just picking on.


This guy was found by two courts to have ties to Ms, MS 13 to be in MS 13. And now we see an accused serial domestic abuser. One of the horrific things about Biden's open border policy and in general the, You know, handshake agreement between both parties until Trump showed up that we should have masses of illegal immigrants coming into this country. Is that in the name of some sort of compassion for the global indigent? We should bring these people in? What actually happened, which Trump understands intuitively somehow, is that we have incentivized immense amounts of cruelty and we've done that to our own citizens in the form of plunging wages because suddenly there's a lot of competition for jobs.


And we've done it in the form of cruelty to the people crossing the Darien gap. A third of the women who do so admit to being raped. So you can imagine what the actual number is. Those people become enslaved to the cartels once they get here. And because of the threat of deportation for something like domestic violence, women do not report it when an illegal migrant husband beats the crap out of them. Because what's supposed to happen when you commit a vicious crime like that is you're supposed to get deported. So the fact that this woman actually twice seems to have gone to the authorities about the domestic abuse, she was suffering at the hands of her husband, that's not actually the norm because many women don't do that because they would rather suffer it than see their husband deported.


Now the question is, why was he not deported for the two times that he beat the crap out of his wife? I would like to know, I mean, there was so much allegedly that went wrong here, allegedly so much that went wrong here. Wrong Megan, I read that the stay of deportation was not just that he would get killed by a rival gang, but the word rival being crucial there, right? That was part of the proof that he was in MS 13, right? So he was allowed to stay on the grounds that he belonged to a gang. I mean the, the immigration system, the court system is so messed up here and the Democrats are acting like because these activists in the system from the lawyers to the judges shirked their responsibility.


Therefore, Trump is at fault for carrying it out. And I just have to say, Megan, I hope the Democrats keep white knighting for Hamas defenders and for people who beat up their wives, for people who belonged to gangs, to illegal immigrants, because this is a losing issue and they don't know it because their base is the top 20% who loves this stuff, right? They cannot see that the majority of people in America, this just is not going to bother them because this person is not a good person and they don't want him for a neighbor.


Now if you turn on any of the liberal channels, you'll see, You know, the elites sitting there saying, well, You know, maybe, maybe I don't want him for a neighbor, But we should adjudicate that in a court. That's because he'll never be your neighbor. He'll be some working class American's neighbor whose children have to play with his kids who know that his mom, their mom is being beat up by their dad, allegedly. We'll see what, what, what the details are there. And it's just so disgusting. The elitism here you have United States senators getting on planes to wait, lemme Show that For this person. Let's, let's talk about that. Let me show that. So Senator Chris Van Holland of Maryland, which is, You know, he is just a Maryland dad.


That's all just a sweet Maryland dad that Trump's picking on. He decided to go to El Salvador. I can't wait to see how this works out, frankly. And he thinks he's gonna storm the prison, I guess, and like do firsthand reporting on it. Oh, good luck with that, sir. Take your chances because I don't think you wanna mess around with President Buke. Here he is posting a video from the airport explaining the trip. I'm here at the airport, I'm about to board my flight for San Salvador. The goal of this mission is to let the Trump administration mission, to let the government of El Salvador know that we are going to keep fighting to bring Abrego Garcia home until he returns to his family.


I hope to meet with representatives of the government. I hope to have the chance to actually see kill mark and see what his condition is. But we are gonna keep fighting because this is a miscarriage of justice. This is about due process. This is about rule of law. What bullies do is they begin by picking on the most vulnerable, But we like their wives. If we get rid of the rule of law due process, the United States, it's a short road from there to tyranny. Yeah, like their wives, that that is what bullies do. They, they pick on the most vulnerable. And You know, sometimes they have repeated instances of beating the shit out of the person they're supposed to love most. I don't know whether Abrigo Garcia did that in this case, but I'm looking at two Maryland court records in which his wife, I don't know if they were married at the time, but the same woman, Jennifer Vasquez, that he's with now filed for a protective order against him for domestic violence.


He's not the only one. I'll give you one more and then I'll give you the floor. Senator Chris Murphy from my new adopted home state of Connecticut, never now to miss an opportunity to put himself in front of a camera. Now that he's sleeping with some hack PR person, this is him weighing in. This is the constitutional crisis. It's the confrontation between the courts saying that the president has to bring Abrego Garcia back home and Trump refusing to do it. And why should this matter to you? Because if the president has the power to jail and prison to deport anyone, even if they have a legal right to be here as a citizen or through protected status given by the courts, then none of us are safe today.


It's this El Salvadorian immigrant. But tomorrow it could be you or me. This matters. This matters. This is the one power that we cannot give the president of the United States the ability to take any of us off the street and imprison us just because the President believes he has the power, a power that he does not have. Okay? So I just wanna say one thing to you. In tossing this, that man is so disrespectful because what he's really assuming and projecting there is that he thinks people are idiots. He's taking advantage of people who have to work all day to put food on the table and manage their children and their busy lives who do not have eight to 10 hours a day to research the news and figure out, You know, where Chris Murphy is lying to them.


And the suggestion in any way, shape, or form that a an American has been grabbed, arrested, and shipped off to El Salvador is a lie. And he's banking on them. Just not having that intimate connection with the details of the story like this Marilyn dad to know, he's lying to them as he tries to scare them in a court of law. An objection would've been sustained, the entire commentary would've been stricken and he would've been admonished by the judge not to actively mislead the jury. You're exactly right. Of course there is no slippery slope between a non-citizen who committed a felony in entering this country and a citizen of the United States.


The only people trying to make a slippery slope between citizens and non-citizens are the Democrats because that has been their agenda for the last 40 years. They are the ones who want there to be no legal difference. They want an open border, they want an endless supply of slave labor to watch their children and clean their homes and do their landscaping and work in the field and pick the crops. As Nancy Pelosi famously put it. They are the ones, this is their wishful thinking that there would be a slippery slope between a citizen and a non-citizen. Average Americans know that being an American citizen, indeed being allowed to live legally on United States soil is the greatest privilege on planet earth.


And that you can't just decide that there's going to be a slippery slope there. No, there is a legal distinction upon which every single one of our civil rights rests that there is a difference between being an American and being a non-American. Now why do the Democrats insist so strongly that there should be a slippery slope there? Not just that there is, but that they want there to be one. Why are they insisting that in Donald Trump enforcing the law and doing what he promised the American people and getting rid of violent non-citizens, that this somehow threatens Americans? Why do they insist that in deporting a green card holder who lied on his green card and supports Hamas and supports ending America, that this could happen to an American citizen?


It's because Meghan's Mahmud, Khalil Mahmud, Khalil, just, Just to keep it straight, that's a separate case. The guy outta Columbia keep going. Exactly. Their entire agenda right now is cosplaying their base are the top 10%, the top 20%. The people who show up at Coachella to hear Bernie Sanders speak, the people who show up to hear a OC speak. These are wealthy people there in the top 10%, which controls over 60% of the wealth in this country. They don't have real problems. And so what they do is they have to look for other people's problems to pretend that they have, we talked about this during the election. This is why democratic women, wealthy, middle-aged democratic women made, You know, third trimester abortions, their number one issue.


It's because it allows them to cosplay as the oppressed. They know at some level that they are unbelievably privileged and they know 'cause they can see the polls that Donald Trump has made the case to working class Americans of all races, that he has their best interests at heart. That he stands for the dignity of the American working class. That's what the tariffs are about. That's what immigration is about. That's what getting trans women out of women's sports is about. It's about the dignity of the average American and the Democrats in realizing that they have lost touch with that. Great American middle have to invent ways in which they are the ones who are on the side of the oppressed.


Hence the magical slippery slope that if Donald Trump deports an alleged wifebeater or somebody who supports Hamas, people who are not American citizens and don't have the rights of American citizens, that he could be coming for you. You wealthy people. Yeah, in the, at Coachella, you are a potential victim. Your rights are being, You know, oppressed. You're the real victim here. That's what they're trying to do here. And of course it's going to fall flat. It's gonna work with the top 10% 'cause that's really what they wanna hear, that they are the true oppressed. But this is gonna get the Democrats nowhere. You know, there's a meme I keep thinking about, You know, this anime meme of the young man standing like this and there's a butterfly, You know, it's like he's the Democrats and they're looking at like, You know, these, these ne do wells.


You know, these illegals who came here illegally broke the law, You know, and they're standing for them. And I just keep thinking this is them like being like, is this how we get back the working class? No, it's not how you get back the working class. No, no. 73% of men who voted for Trump men who are people of color, this is from Ryan Geer Dsky, he's great on the polls. He found that 73% of non-white men who voted for Trump wanna see radically less immigration. And it's because it comes at their expense. Their American dream was put on hold so that the Democrats could walk around white knighting for illegal migrants.


And they've had enough of it. And that number Megan is growing and growing and growing. I mean, I care about the working class and I want them to have better job prospects, But I also care about the safety of young women like Lake and Riley. Like this 37-year-old mom, Rachel Morin, who's killed on a jog mother of five by an illegal who was harboring there who raped her and beat her to death. And Caroline Levitt was making this point perfectly the other day at the White House, I think it was yesterday, about how they're very, very concerned about Abrego Garcia getting his proper due process. They don't say one word, not one word about the Laken Riley's or the Rachel Morins of the world.


Here she is The Democrat and media outrage over the de deportation of Abrego Garcia. An MS 13 El Salvadorian illegal alien criminal who is hiding in Maryland, has been nothing short of despicable based on the sensationalism of many of the people in this room, you would think we deported a candidate for Father of the Year. That's because unfortunately, many in this country care more about this quote unquote Maryland father, a legal alien, MS 13 gang member than a Maryland mother and an American citizen who was brutally murdered at the hands of a different illegal alien. Of course I am referring to Rachel Morin, Where where was the Maryland Senator's trip on, on her behalf, show boating on her behalf.


Where was Chris Murphy speaking out so that we all understood the dangers of Joe Biden's illegal immigration policy, that actual American women were being killed as they go for a jog to try to stay fit. Where I don't remember them making a deal out of those. And is that because what bigotry of low expectations, they just expect these guys are, You know, they're they're animals they're gonna kill. If so, why wouldn't you? Why would you want an open border? Right? It's like none of it is congruous other than they see an Im a a story as you point out. And they see an opportunity to advance themselves.


Oh, I could not agree with you more. I mean, these people at this point, they would give a kidney to get a retweet from a OC. You know, like they, this is, they've decided this is the direction that the party is going in. I actually like her. I think that she's very genuine and really believes what she has to say. If the Democrats cannot figure out that illegal immigration is a huge problem that came at the expense of people who used to be their voters and now are Trump's voters, because he looked at them and said, you have a right to demand better. They're never, ever, ever going to be competitive again. You know, they, they have a lot of like, You know, they seem to understand that they have a problem. But this is the one thing that they just will not, they can't quit illegal immigrants.


And I think Meghan, the reason for that is like, unlike Donald Trump who very successfully sidelined the elites of his party over the last 10 years, and especially during the last campaign, all of the Democratic funding is now bound up with very privileged white progressives who really support the open border, both for economic and for social reasons, but also, You know, the Sorrows Foundation, the Ford Foundation, all of these NGOs that have a very, very open borders mentality. They don't believe borders are real. They don't believe in nation states, they don't believe in national borders. And of course, this is the most elite thing possible.


There are millions of Americans who the only thing they have in their life that gives them pride is their American identity. They are proud to belong to this, the greatest nation on planet earth. And that is the thing that the elites cannot stand for them to have that they wanna rob them of. And of course, the way you rob them of that is you dilute it by having an open border and having a marketplace that welcomes in millions of people to compete with working class people in the marketplace. It does dilute our rights. The idea that you could have somebody here who is, You know, claiming to have the same legal protections as a citizen is a way of saying the citizenship itself should not count for anything.


And I think all good people should say no to that. I, I have a point that I wanna raise with you, but before I get to it, I just wanna point out if again, we have an independently verify these court records, but Andy No found them. Fox News is reporting them now at least two, one from 2021 from 2021, in which Jennifer Vasquez is accusing a man who has this same name, Kmar Abrego Garcia. And it shows his birthdate as 1995, which is his birthdate. I mean, maybe there are two couples that are that unite Jennifer Vasquez and Kmar Abrego Garcia with his same birthdate. I doubt it.


We'll find out if we're wrong. We'll correct it. So that would've been a 2020 and a 2021 domestic violence incident bad enough to make her go in and seek a protective order against him alleging serious domestic violence. He, his, when he was found, alleged, allegedly engaging in some sort of activity that led them to believe he was arrestable. And part of MS 13 was 2019. He was in there, he was found to be part of this gang of the appellate court in the immigration system, agreed part of the gang deportable. And then he, You know, pleaded for mercy saying, well, please just don't deport me to El Salvador. You know, they're gonna kill me there. Oh, poor me. And of course we said, okay, fine, you don't have to go.


So this would've been within months. The first incident would've been within months of us going soft on him, of, of our courts saying, give him a chance. We don't want him to get hurt. We're not gonna send him back there. And then if, if this dovetails the way it looks like it does, according to these documents, he was wailing on his wife in 2020 and then again in 2021 and then he gets arrested and sent out by Trump and it's back to, oh, poor guy. Oh, it's just, it's infuriating. But I wanna get to your bigger point 'cause it's important about how these, these, these judges are trying to take the matter in hand that the Democrats are trying to stop the Trump agenda of removing the millions that Joe Biden willingly, happily, purposefully allowed in.


On Monday, a federal judge halted the Trump administration's plan to revoke the legal status and work permits of more than half a million migrants from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, who we flew here, we flew here under a Biden era quote parole program. He flew them in saying, I'll give you legal protection and I will let you work in the United States for two years. And no sooner had he begun that program than they are, they ran into problems. Some data from the program showing evidence of fraud.


One review found that at least 3,200 people applied to sponsor immigrants. And it's really supposed to be like a direct relationship, but they sponsored over 101,000 immigrants. So it's clearly these government NGOs, or dare I say the Catholic church saying, I'll be responsible for him, I'll be responsible for him. But 3000 people cannot monitor 101,000 as alleged here. The Trump administration looking at this program also alleges that it was very poor vetting. We have no idea who he allowed. In almost 3 million of these applications were filed, excuse me, as of last August, including 80,000 from aliens living in countries other than those that I listed.


So they're not even supposed to be considered. This is all according to a house Judiciary committee report and concerns of fraud were so bad that they even led Biden's Department of Homeland Security to suspend temporarily this program for several weeks last year. Now a judge has said, you can't do it. They have to stay. You, you, you might be able to suspend their legal status here, Mr. Trump, if you give them an individual case by case review, which no one got on the way in. But now we want, they just wanna tie him up for the next four years with all of this procedural bullshit.


They got flown in summarily and they can be flown out summarily, there's a new sheriff in town, but no, no says this judge. I I think they're wrong on the, on the legal merits. John, you was saying yesterday made a really good point, which is that this PO parole program is always at the request of the president and can be revoked at any moment. You're totally right. They just wanna keep them in court, keep them from enacting the agenda that the president was put in office to enact by the voters of this country. You know, am I gonna keep thinking if this was 2016, back then the Democrats sort of mass media approach to opposing the Trump administration worked a lot better.


Remember the whole like family separation thing, You know, that was in the New York Times and then it was on CNN and M-S-N-B-C and suddenly, You know, the Trump administration had to back off because there was this huge outcry. And I think today we are just in a totally different moment because the voters, the electorate, the American people, was able to see what happens when you have somebody like Joe Biden just basically decriminalize illegal border crossing, which is what he did, which is what he promised he was gonna do during the campaign. And what an absolute mess it made. And the most horrifying part about it is this to me, I, I mean obviously the crimes that are committed against American citizens, I, I agree with you totally horrifying, but let's remember why Biden did this.


It's because American corporations were desperate for workers in the post pandemic labor crunch. And they didn't wanna pay American workers what they were asking for. And so Biden partnered with the cartels to open the border and provide American corporations with slave labor to the tune of millions and millions and millions of illegal immigrants. And when that chaos threatened his reelection campaign, they said, You know what? We don't actually need the cartels anymore. We're just gonna legally start importing these people to these corporations so they can pay them slave wages and not have to pay Americans more money. I think Biden felt, well this will bring down inflation.


Now the problem with this is that, You know, we actually should want working class Americans to make a living wage. I mean that used to be the Democrat's view. We have to control immigration because a tight labor market uses the free market in order to raise wages for working class people and give them dignity. And that's why in the seventies, most Americans were middle class because people who worked in meat packing plants and people who were manicurists and people who worked in construction were able to command a living wage. They were able to make a middle class wage working and working class jobs.


And now thanks to the Democrats who still have the chutzpah to cosplay as the side of labor, we shipped all these good manufacturing jobs overseas to China to build up their middle class. We imported millions and millions of, of low wage illegal immigrants to work in the jobs here, radically reducing the wages that working class people could ask for. And it was Donald Trump, a Republican who showed up and said, you do not have to live like this. If you work hard, you shouldn't be poor. So what about the inflation argument, right? People will say, oh, well if we pay working class people living wage, then all of these goods are gonna become unaffordable.


Well notice that what Donald Trump has done is he took a bunch of very pro worker policies like tariffs and controlling the border to raise the wages of working class people. And he has paired them with a host of very pro business things that are coming down the pike. We have radical deregulation, we're gonna have cheap energy because of drill, baby drill. We have tax cuts coming and he has promised anybody who reshore manufacturing that he will drop their corporate taxes to 15%. That combination of being pro business on the one side and pro worker on the other side, this is genius and this is why the Democrats can't stand him because they didn't think of this first.


Yeah, exactly. Like there's no tax on tips policy. They, they came to it too late and then tried to steal it as their own, but they haven't been smart enough to do that in the overall sense. March 20, 25, numbers at the border, lowest crossings in US history thanks to Donald Trump, we have had a 95% decrease from March of 2024. And, and when it comes to those we have apprehended and yeah, those that we've apprehended. And by the way, March of 2024, that was right around when Joe Biden actually did try to start making an effort at the southern border. 'cause he realized his reelection chances were going to depend on it.


The, in March of 2024, the numbers crossing the border were f about 4,500 a day under Joe Biden. Now it's less than 330 a day for the entire month it was a hundred and about 40,000 for the month. Under Trump is about 8,300. It's unbelievable. It was stoppable all along just by him. He just didn't have the will standby more with Bja after this quick


break. These days it feels like nothing surprises us anymore, but not in a good way. The headlines are heavy, the future feels uncertain and so much is out of our control. But one thing you can take control of right now is your family's financial future with life insurance through Select Quote. Whether you need 500,000 or 50 million in coverage, Select Quote makes it easy to find the right policy for your unique needs. They have helped over 2 million people find more than 700 billion in coverage since 1985. And they do it fast often in as little as 15 minutes. Other life insurance brokers might push generic overpriced plans, but select quotes, licensed agents work for you, not the insurance companies. Even if you have a pre-existing condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, Select Quote partners with carriers who can still offer coverage. And if you're healthy, you can get same day coverage with no medical exam required. So don't wait for another. What if consider taking a step to secure your peace of mind. Get the right life insurance for YOU for less at Select Quote dot com slash megan. That's Select Quote dot com slash megan Select Quote, they shop you save


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. This just in breaking news, judge Boberg who thinks that he's the president of the United States, he's the Chief District Court judge for the District of WA of Washington, DC has just found that there's probable cause.


He says, lemme get the language exact, he said he would launch proceedings to determine whether to hold the Trump administration, its officials in criminal contempt for defying his order not to remove Venezuelan migrants from America based on the wartime Alien Enemies Act. This is all based, this, he's drunk on his own power. This is all based on the fact that Trump decided to use the Alien Enemies Act, which by the way, the Supreme Court has already implicitly said, okay, that's good. He he can, I mean we're not gonna, we're not gonna chastise him on that and now there'll be further proceedings. But he decided to use it.


And the A CLU ran into court before Judge Boberg 'cause they knew they could get a sympathetic judge. They did not go into Texas where the detainees were that they were allegedly representing and trying to fight for. That's where they should have gone. That's what the US Supreme Court ultimately held. They went into DC 'cause they knew they could get a judge. They're all like Boberg. He's a dime a dozen. These leftist activist judges. And they got a ruling from him saying, first of all, he said, no, no plane should take off orally. He said, no plane should take off. What, who are you fuck off Judge Boberg? This is Marco Rubio's call and President Trump's call on whether the foreign policy of the United States requires these people to be deported and whether the safety and security of the American people requires that they to be deported.


And the commander in chief ruled that they were part of an incursion or an invasion and he had powers to sh to order them out. Judge Broberg said, no, I'm higher than you are on the totem pole. No planes can take off. And that was not put in writing. And there is a real question about whether any sort of temporary restraining order has, has to be put in writing for it to be valid. Wasn't put in writing until several hours later that day and that at the time it was put in writing two planes were already in the air and in international airspace and they refused to turn them around. The third plane is really not relevant. It did take off much later from the written order, but it didn't have anybody on it pursuant to the Alien Enemies Act. So it's really less relevant, but he's getting ready to call, hold them in criminal contempt for not turning those planes around as he ordered.


And I presume not. And for allowing them to take off in the first place. And I don't even know, we talked about this with our lawyer panel the other day, Baja, but like, I don't know how you hold, I don't know how you hold the president in criminal contempt. Like what's he gonna do? He's gonna, so are we in a world where like the Democrats want Abrego Garcia free and Trump jailed? I think we all know the answer to that. You know what I keep thinking, Megan, I keep thinking like, You know, they tried to get him on 91 counts and like, look at where we are now. You know, maybe just take a beat. You know, this Khalil Mahmood guy, they, they hold him up as some sort of, You know, oh, he's being deported because of his views.


This is a free speech issue. And then it turns out, if you had just waited like, You know, 10 minutes, you would've found out that this guy actually lied on his Visa application, right? This guy, right, this Garcia fellow who they're holding up as this Maryland father. Well, maybe wait a minute and find out, You know, a little bit more about this person before you decide to nominate him for like, You know, the avatar of the Democratic party. And they just can't seem to understand that there is a real logic here. Donald Trump is not a careful speaker, but everything he has done since he got into office has been unbelievably intentional.


You know, they lost in 2020 and they sat at home and for four years they plotted. I, I feel like you can really see this with Jason Miller, right? And with with Steven Miller. Steven Miller. This is a guy who sat at home for four years and plotted how he was going to restore America to its greatness through using legal avenues to enact the Trump agenda that is wildly popular with the American people. And that is what they did and that is what they are doing. And the Democrats are acting like it's 2016 people are shooting from the hip and that you can get a story in the New York Times and shut down the agenda. And we are just in a totally different moment.


I think Trump was really changed by the assassination attempts on him, but also Meghan, I think he was changed by the level of support that he sees from the people. You know, in, in 2016. He knew that what he wanted to do was popular, but he couldn't quite get that across in 2025. He knows that what he wants to do is popular and he knows that the people know it. And I think that that confidence is really coming across And it is forcing the Democrats into unforced error after unforced error, after unforced error. I mean, you don't need a consultant to tell you don't white knight for the criminal illegal aliens.


And yet Meghan, they just can't seem to stop. Yeah, all of them. All of them. Mahmoud. Khalil, You know what I, I made this point when I was arguing with somebody on the show about it, But I was like, they didn't go, they did not go and arrest all of the students at Columbia University who were part taking part in those protests, or all the students at Harvard who were taking part, part of those protests or any university. They targeted a few who were the leaders, the instigators or who took an extra role. And were here thanks to our benevolence who were, we didn't try to kick out American citizens where people committed crimes. They got charged with whatever it was, larceny or vandalism. But there's a reason this guy got targeted.


He was here on our good graces. He was a guest in our house, and he behaved like an animal. And I don't care that he didn't actually commit violence on Columbia's campus. He was the spokesperson for the group that held the hostages on campus. The entire campus was held hostage thanks to that group he represented. And by the way, he worked for the Hamas arm of the un. That's the lie you're referring to on his visa application. Mysteriously. He, he forgot to disclose that when he asked us if he could come into our country. So goodbye. We don't care. We don't miss you. I wish you hadn't come to begin with, but yes, the left is now the party that makes statues of George Floyd and won't stand for little DJ Daniel at the State of the Union because, or, and won't mourn Rachel Morin or Lake and Riley, or, and we'll send senators to prisons in El Salvador to go gin up empathy for an accused wife abuser.


And Ms 13 gang member, who's from El Salvador, by the way, it's like, like we send 'em to like the middle of Siberia. Anyway, it's just, it's infuriating. And the lawfare is their favorite tool. Now it's, it's coming back to haunt them though, because they were the ones, they were the ones to unleash the dear friend letter during the Obama administration to start using universities to enact their leftist agenda. And of course, the universities were only too happy to comply. They, that, that was where their heart was anyway. And Barack Obama used the dear friend litter through his ridiculous secretary of education, Arne Duncan, to say, you eliminate due process for young men who are accused on college campuses, or you get the hose again.


That's really what he said, said, all your federal fundings going bye-bye if you don't yank their right to counsel. Yank their right to cross examine, yank their right to see the evidence against them. That was his big cause to try to completely eliminate due process rights for young men on college campuses. It was so effed up. And by the way, there's virtually no rate of appeal you can try to file in a federal court after you've been found guilty as a sexual assaulter on a co college campus. It almost never gets overturned. And even when it does, the university won't help you. They don't have to let you back in. We saw this in the case at Amherst, where they completely dropped the ball on this one guy. They, they didn't care when it was all said and done. It's very hard to get review when you've been fucked over, sorry, by your college campus in this way.


All on the fault of Barack Obama. Why am I bringing that up? Because the Trump administration has a duty. It has a duty under the various federal statutes that are out there, whether it's Title IX to protect women or Title VI to protect any minority group, that's become the subject of harassment on college campuses to step in and try to stop it. That's the federal law. You're not allowed to do it. You can hate Jews. Go for it. If that's your thing, great, good luck with that. But you cannot act on it. You cannot act in a discriminatory or harassing fashion. That's the law. There's morality and then there's legality. And the government, it's their job to enforce legality. And these campuses crossed it.


They crossed it with all those absurd protests where they were chanting Hamas slogans at Jews harassing them, in some cases, physically berating them or hurting them. And Trump is trying to bring justice now saying, this will never happen again. And here's how we're gonna make sure it never happens again. You're gonna issue certain reforms on your campus or you're gonna lose your federal dollars. And here are what the reforms are. This, this is exactly what Obama did, his threats on Title ix. And by the way, what he did to many police stations across the country. You will hire more black and brown people, or we will take over. In fact, they, they did take over many police stations and say, we're running your police station now.


We think you're too racist based on, You know, sometimes very scurrilous allegations in any event. So now Trump says to TR to Harvard, you will do all these things. And the list of things is actually quite good. I have to say. It's like, I'll read you a couple. We wanna see merit-based hiring reform. The university must adopt and implement merit. Merit-based hiring policies, cease all preferences based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. They should be able to say they'll do that because it's unlawful not to, but they won't. Merit-based admissions reform must adopt and implement merit-based, merit-based admissions and seesaw preferences based on race, color, national origin, or proxies, et cetera.


That too should be a no-brainer given the Supreme Court decision on affirmative action. But they don't wanna do it. International admissions reform, you have to reform the way you recruit and screen international students who are hostile to American values. Why is that a fucking problem? I'm just like, why are you arguing on that? Then there's reform programs with egregious records of antisemitism or other bias. You have to commission an external party to audit these programs that have been particularly pernicious and fuel the most anti-Semitic harassment. They don't wanna do it. And you have to discontinue DEI, which of course is at the root of a lot of this Jew hatred. Anyway, they said no, Trump said, say goodbye to $2.2 billion that you're getting now through various federal agencies.


And that may may not be all, that may not be all. We actually may look into your tax exempt status. If you wanna play hardball, let's play hardball. He said, maybe Harvard should lose its tax exempt status and be taxed as a political entity if it keeps pushing political ideological and terrorist inspired sickness. Remember, tax exempt status is totally contingent on acting in the public interest. If that happens, then Harvard's endowment income tax rate could soar from 1.4% to the standard 21% corporate tax rate, potentially translating to a $525 million annual reduction in their coffers. Who decides to weigh in on how inappropriate this is to use the federal government to threaten the university's ba Barack Obama Bacha?


Yeah, it's truly amazing because he doesn't weigh in often. And then when he does weigh in, it's always on the side of the elites of the elites of the elites in the most unpopular way on the, like To me, Trump has already won because he got Harvard to say, no way, Jose, we'll not stop importing people who hate America and hate Jews. It's like he already won. Right? Like whatever happens, he has exposed them for what they are, which is a, an institution not of higher learning, but which confers status on people. And the higher status you are is based on how much you hate America and recently how much you hate the Jews, right?


Like it's, this is very clear at this point that these institutions are no longer places that give their students some sort of education. What they do give them is an ideology. And of course it was Barack Obama who defunded vocational training in high schools, right? The idea was everyone's gonna go to college, and why would he do that? Why would he block millions and millions and millions of young men of finding their way into the middle class by working with their hands for living? Well, of course, because the number one predictor for whether you'll be a Democrat is whether you have a college degree. You know? So they were funneling people into college. And so your ability to achieve the American dream, thanks to Barack Obama became contingent on how much anti-American, anti-Semitic post-structuralist, post-modernist crap you had been exposed to.


And of course, You can see how this directly leads to these activist judges. They've been exposed to it for 12 years, right? So they've been exposed to it for many, many, many more years than even just your average undergrad. And so it all comes full circle, right? This is of course, totally, totally ridiculous. Nobody is owed a Harvard degree. Harvard is not owed taxpayer dollars. Certainly if it cannot prove that it has the best interests of the United States of America at heart. It's not owed the tax dollars of hardworking Americans, but also the whole system that was built by Obama. The system in which you only get access to the American dream if you walk the gauntlet of these anti-American institutions, which are nothing more than status conferring operations in which elites confer status and, and, and, and a lot of wealth on each other.


That whole system is crumbling down. I don't want Harvard to reform, I want us to reform, I want us to stop seeing a Harvard degree as something to be proud of. Yes, I want us to stop worshiping at the altar of these institutions that hate us and hate working class people. And for the cost of $400,000 a year, teach young Americans who are going to be wealthy to hate the people who they're going to employ. Let's all just stop. We can stop. Like however this drama plays out. I think Harvard's gonna cave very, very quickly. I think the Trump administration's letter was an opening salvo. I don't think they're gonna insist on every aspect of this list.


They want certain things very clearly more than others. They Also said investigate all teachers for plagiarism. I like that one. That's probably not, I, I was also reading that and I was like, they'll never do that, that's for sure. But we really have the power as Americans to say just no, like as Trump always says, you don't have to live like this. We don't have to live like that. We don't have to give people respect just because they have a Harvard degree or a Princeton degree or a Columbia degree. We can say, actually this proves to me you spent four years being exposed to the most ideology. It's already happen. It's already happening. 'cause corporate America already knows that a Harvard degree isn't what it used to be And it means something else. And I'm sorry, but this is what the left has done.


If you happen to be a minority and you're at one of these top elite universities and you graduated from it, it's it 10 times. So for you, they're gonna look at you and think that Harvard accepted you because of your skin color. And whose fault is that? Harvard's. It's Harvard's fault. And it's unfortunate that you went there in a time of exploding, DE I, where they've changed the merit base system, but them's the breaks. So great. You have yourself a Harvard degree and now you have yourself a healthy amount of skepticism from all employers because they're wondering whether you really deserve to get in or whether you got in because you checked a box. This is the system the left has created. So Barack Obama, just for the record, what he said was Harvard has set an example for other higher ed institutions by rejecting this deal, rejecting an unlawful and ham-handed attempt to stifle academic freedom.


Sure. That's, that's really his history supports his commitment to pure academic freedom without any governmental ham-handed attempt to interfere the nerve. By the way, the best, the best tweet and really this guy might be my favorite follow on Twitter. And that's saying a lot. 'cause I have a lot of people I love. He's been on the show. Stephen L. Miller. This is not the Stephen Miller of Trump team. This is a commentator who goes by reds. Steves, he says, Obama, You know, who needs us to defend them right now? Harvard, Bernie, You know who I need to go speak to about income inequality, Coachella. So, right. Okay. I I have to keep going 'cause there's so much news.


Bja, I'm I, if I don't get to spend enough time on Blue Origin, I'm gonna be very sad and disappointed in myself. I have to mention quickly, quickly that on the legal front, Pam Bondy just fired the, off the lawsuit against Maine. It's happening. So the Maine governor, she had her little Tet with Trump like, nah, I'm not doing it. And he's like, you will do it. And it was, see you in court. Well, they're going to court. She caved almost instantly on the universities because she couldn't lose the money. And she knew it, but she did not cave on K through 12. And so now Pam Bondi just filed a lawsuit saying, you will cave. You will cave. Because there's a whole thing we call a law. It's in short referred to as Title ix.


And you are violating it by letting boys play in girls' sports. And by the way, there was just, this is not in our country, but just not for nothing. The UK's Supreme Court, their highest court in the country just rule today unanimously that the definition of a woman in equality legislation refers to a biological woman and to biological sex and so-called trans women who are, that's not a thing. That's men posing as women are not women. They can call themselves whatever the hell they want, but legally they're not women. And that's the problem that this main governor's gonna have is this lawsuit goes forward.


So good for you, Pam Bondi totally behind you all the way. Okay? But we've got to get to Blue Origin because it's over the top. It's over the top. What's happened with these women? We made fun of it on Monday. 'cause it was just so ridiculous the way some of the media were covering it, the way they were, like self-congratulatory. They've gone next level, okay, since then, okay, first of all, can we, can we pull, I wanna hear the Lee. I don't know which soundbite it is you guys, but the, the montage of them, about them, let's watch Out there. It's dark. It's like death. Hmm. And I'm so proud of us. I really am proud of me. Flowers For me, I believe are, are, are like God's laughter and God's smile.


And I brought a daisy because I have so much love for my daughter Daisy. And I have so much love for Mother Earth. I, it just says to me, if I can do this, I, I was telling, I was telling these guys, I might even now get my ears pierced. I've never gotten my ears pierced Because That hurts. I hope they can see the unity that we modeled and replicate that and understand that we weren't just taking up space, we were making space for the future. Oh my God. 10 out 10 review. Okay, I got, I got one more. I gotta add to you Gail King upset because there's been a lot of blowback, and I'll play it in a minute, but like from Hollywood leftists, and not just people like you and me, but like Hollywood leftists.


These are the people who are supposed to love them, who are ripping these women to shreds. It's beautiful. And Gail King is upset and had a few things that she needed to explain to those of us who don't understand what a hero she is. Watch, Please don't call it a ride. That is not a frigging ride Whenever a man goes up, you have never said to an astronaut boy, what a ride. You know, we duplicated the same an Astronaut Trajectory that Alan Shepherd did back in the day. Pretty much no one, you're that a ride. It was called a flight. It was called a journey. Because a ride a ride implies that it's something frivolous or something that's lighthearted. There was nothing frivolous about what we did.


And, and the machine. And the machine that we were on and what it took for the people to get that machine up and running, to get us up and get us back down safely. So, You know, I'm very disappointed and very saddened by it. And I also say this, the, what it's doing to inspire other women and young girls. Please don't ignore that. I, I'm inspirational. I have So many women and young girls reach out to me and men too, by the way, men too, that say, wow, I never thought I could do that, But I see you doing it at this stage of my life. Who would've th thunk it? Not me. And, and how Inspired they are. Okay? There's so much to go over. Fir First of all, Alan Shepherd walked on the moon. Gale, you did not fucking walk on the moon.


Okay? You're, you're, you didn't do the same thing as Alan Shepherd. And by the way, when he did his first space flight, it was the first space flight. Like, that's the reason. It was exciting. It wasn't for commercial gain. It wasn't to promote Amazon. It wasn't with some woman, with her tits hanging out who needed a little extra attention. Okay? So that's just first. Secondly, there's nothing frivolous about what we did. Let me, let's just check in. We don't have to take her word for it. Let's see how it went on board. The Blue Origin spacecraft sat 22. Here they are in space. Got it.


1, 2, 3. Flynn, Katy Perry with her Daisy. I I got you Flynn Gotcha. Stuffed animals. I'm most proud of you. Flynn the moon. You guys, I will have to tell you, look at the moon. That's amazing. Wow. Look at the blue line. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's amazing. I, I can't, I'm, I am so I can't get over.


There's so much to talk about. Look at the moon, it's dark. Stay. There was nothing frivolous. I am like Alan Shepherd and I am inspirational. I'm proud of me. Good for me. That's, that's the messaging coming back. Right? It, it's so amazing. Like they went to see space, we're supposed to see them, right? Like they admired the universe. And what they were expecting was for us to admire the fact that they were rich enough and famous enough Yes. To have been granted this utterly, utterly vacuous experience.


Yes. From which they learned absolutely nothing. And shoot My veins. I Mean, this is the Democratic party, right? It's all acting, it's all celebrity, it's all ostentatious wealth. I mean this was exactly what Kamala Harris's entire campaign was like, look at us, we're very wealthy. Don't we look great? Admire us? You know, it's so funny. She said she's heard from women and girls who have said to her, I didn't realize this is something I could do. You know how I know that didn't happen, Megan? 'cause it's not something they could do. 'cause they're not friends with Jeff Bezos. Right? Like the whole thing is a farce. Their message for women was take up space.


Like, like us, like the, the reception they got was like the right corrective. You guys are taking up too much space already. Like what are you offering? Where is the service? Where is the Yeah. Sense that we owe something to the society that has made us so unbelievably wealthy. What are you giving back? What they're giving back is their celebrity the right for us to admire them? Like it is so despicable. It's not just women, although of course like women do this so much worse. 'cause we always expect to be admired, You know? But You know, when the men did this, right? I forget who the billionaire, was it Bezos? Was it Musk? I don't remember who it was that went to space.


Yeah. He was Bezos and William Shatner. Right. He came back and he, he, he said, wow, You know, we're so small vis-a-vis the universe. Like the most banal, like, like totally. Like really? You went to space, that's what you came back with. Yeah. And it's just like, these people are so bored, Meghan. They have no problems. They have nothing in their lives that they consider to be a value. And what's amazing to me is that it seems like Hollywood knows what time it is, even if these five women didn't. Right. Like you really did see people coming out and being like, what the heck is this? Like, Well, let me show, let me show some of that.


I, okay. Yeah. The, the just, I'm still stuck in the fact that Gayle King actually used the word astronauts in reference to like, we're just like, like an actual astronaut. You are there on a vanity project of Jeff Bezos and his fiance. You've done absolutely nothing to deserve this. You're sitting next to Katy Perry. And if you don't want people to think it's frivolous, Gail, then don't have the fucking Kardashians Craft side as you take off. And Oprah. That it, that might have something to do with our reaction to this as a non-serious event. A PR stunt. Okay, back to the blowback.


Olivia Munn, she's an actress. She's got it. And I think she speaks for a lot of us. And when she's trying to espouse why so many on the left and the right had a visceral reaction to this. Like, what are you guys gonna do up in space? What are you doing up there? I mean, it's, by the way, It's just they're going for 11 minutes. They're going for 11 minutes, they're going up. I think they're gonna float around a little and then Come back. So you're on like Magic Mountain. Like you're just going Up and going Space Mountains more appropriately. Space Mountain. Space Mountain. Think about, I know this is probably obnoxious, but like, like it's so much money to go to space. Yeah. You know? Yes. And there's, we, there's a lot of people who can't even afford eggs.


I just don't, I think it's a bit blunt over the top. And I think, I just think there are the cover of El magazine. I, I mean like, isn't that I, I don't know. Space exploration was to, to like, to but further our knowledge. Yeah. And to help mankind. I mean, what are they gonna do up there that has made it better for us down here? Absolutely nothing. I'll give you one more model. Emily Rodowski who did a little Instagram post after the fact, That's space mission this morning. That's in time. Shit. Like, this is beyond parody saying that you care about Mother Earth And it's about Mother Earth. And you're going up in a spaceship that is built and paid for by a company that's single handedly destroying the planet at the state of the world.


And think about how many resources went into putting these women into space. For what? For what, what was the marketing there? And then to try to make it like, I, I am disgusted. Literally, I'm, I'm disgusted. She's raised a good point. Where's Greta Turnberg? Where's her, where's her protest on, on how many carbon emissions we had to suffer just so that Gail could be proud of herself. And Olivia Wilde reposted an image of Katy Perry kissing the ground. Honestly, truly, she was asking, she was acting like she got back from Apollo 13 kissing the rat and she captioned it billion dollars, bought some good memes. I guess. Here was Amy Schumer doing her own version of making fun of these women. Watch Guys last second, they added me to space.


And I'm going to space. I'm bringing this thing, it's like a little head. It has no meaning to me, but it was in my bag. And I was like on the subway and I got the text and they were like, do you wanna go to space? So I'm going to space and thank you to everyone who got me here, and I'll see you guys in space. Nailed it. She's mocking them. Very heartily. Mark mocking them. Kesha mocked them. I mean, like, it's, that's what gets them upset. That's why Gail did that little we're inspirational And it we're astronauts. I am Alan Shepherd video.


First of all, that's the funniest. I've seen Amy Schumer in maybe 10 years, long time, 15 years, long time. It was really, really funny. I I think that this is kind of a turning point, Megan, like, I feel like the vibe is shifting. Like a year ago you would not have seen the left like openly admitting like, this is not cool anymore. It's almost like these women in their space mission admitted a little bit too much. You know, they became, they went from being like the apotheosis of what the leftist elites and Hollywood and entertainment represents to just like exposing it a little bit too much. Like if the message had been like slightly better, nobody would've come out against it. But now it's very interesting to see the cracks in the very elites that these women come from.


They realize that they've lost the plot. They realize that they've lost the country. Nobody's going to see their movies, nobody's watching their TV shows. There's no purchase for that ostentatious liberal, vacuous empty culture anymore. And I think we're gonna look back on this moment as maybe the moment that we started to realize that we were in full on woke lash and people wanted to return to substance and to unifying messages and to actual entertainment, actual culture that has real meaning for people. I love that. I agree. And I also think there's the element of it's got, it's got a little bit of a stolen valor feel to it.


Yeah. Where we revere our astronauts, our actual astronauts who actually do put themselves in harm's way in order to forge new frontiers. And we've seen astronauts, actual ones die in the name of this service. We've seen even civilians like Kristen McAuliffe, when, You know, people of my age were in middle school and we all watched that flight take off the space shuttle and, and burn in the air. It was horrifying. So there have been civilians to go up to. They wear actual spacesuits. They go through real training, not two days of learning how to buckle your seatbelt, which is literally what they did.


That's what they're touting as they're training buckling the seatbelt, getting in and outta the vessel and learning how to press the button so they could speak to mission control. That is not, that doesn't make you an astronaut. Okay. Sorry Gail and everybody else on board. And I just feel like, how dare you, how dare you utter the name Alan Shepherd. How dare you. You and he have absolutely nothing in common. Absolutely nothing. And so I like she and they actually seem to have expected a Neil Armstrong type welcome home. And I'm really uplifted by the fact that left and right. 'cause I think you and I have probably zero in common with Amy Schumer and certainly Olivia Wild, other than our ability to see through this pr stunt farce.


Absolutely. I, I, I give you the last word. I just wanna make one more quick point, which is, I forget his name. The astronaut who Elon Musk just rescued from space. There was a woman and a man, the man Megan, he went to church services every Sunday from space. I can't remember the last time I heard something so inspiring. This man was in space and he did not miss a single Sunday service. And I, Barry Wilmar, if he Could do it, we could do it. But he brought his spirituality and his faith up into space with him. Like it was so beautiful. The idea that even there when you're so close to the heavens and you have this perspective, what he was longing for, what his soul needed was to be tied to his faith community here on earth.


And these women went up there in search of meaning and came down just as vacuous as they had left. The meaning they, they came back with was, I am important and I am your hero. I I am damnit. You will look up to me. You will call it a mission, not a flight. Congratulations me. And again, I mean, my guess made this point yesterday was a very good one, which is, I think it was, who was it who was making this Walter or on Monday about how they completely ignored all these same news stations who want us to celebrate these women completely ignored Elon Musk's rescue of those two astronauts on board the inter International Space station. He, he rescued them.


They'd been stuck up there for the better part of a year. They didn't find that interesting at all. But this ity celebrated like the second coming. So I love the backlash. I am here for it. And I feel it too. Bcia love talking to you. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much, Megan. I love you. God bless you and God bless your viewers and thank you for everything you do for this great nation and for the Jewish people. Oh, you're so sweet. The pleasure is all mine. Alright, coming up next we're gonna have the lawyer for the doctor. A doctor and a lawyer walked into a courtroom that the lawyer for the doctor who just sued NBC news for defamation. And they settled it because the judge had said, you have to go to trial.


What you said NBC news was totally false. And they were supposed to start that trial on April 22nd. It was settled. They say they're very happy with the settlement. What the hell happened, the lawyers here next.


We live in a world our biology just was not built for artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It's no wonder our health is under attack. These modern stressors disrupt our cell's ability to function the way they should impacting gut health, immunity, even how we age. Arm chorum, that's arm raw is a bioactive whole food that helps restore cellular signaling and strengthens your body from the inside out. It's packed with over 400 powerful nutrients that work to reinforce your immune barriers, fortify your gut, rev up metabolism, and even support stronger skin and hair. It's pure, potent, natural, and clean. And we have got you a special offer. Get 15% off your first order. Just go to try amra.com/megan or enter the code Megan at checkout. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/megan.


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt. Done with Debt has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast. So you keep more of your hard earned money. Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators. Go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal in mind to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pockets, month one. And they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists. It's free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you will need to move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Under Biden American's, cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Last week we told you about a confidential defamation settlement between NBC Universal and a Georgia doctor. This after M-S-N-B-C ran multiple reports in September, 2020 with allegations that this doctor performed mass hysterectomies at an ice detention facility. Well, we dug into what really happened. It started with an advocacy group called Project South, and they released an open letter to the Department of Homeland Security criticizing conditions at the Irwin County Detention Center in Georgia, which at the time was run by ICE and had had detained immigrants staying there. The letter was primarily about the lack of covid precautions there, but it also included shocking allegations from a nurse named Dan Wooten, claiming Dawn, I should say not Dan.


That's our friend Don Wooten, claiming that a doctor was performing hysterectomies on nearly every patient that he saw, calling him a uterus collector while M-S-N-B-C took up the story the very next day with Nicole Wallace, Chris Hayes and Rachel Maddow all covering the report on their shows. Here's Maddow quoting the shocking claims. The nurse who contributed to this whistleblower complaint explains it like this quote, everybody this doctor sees has a hysterectomy just about everybody. He's even taken out the wrong ovary. On one detained immigrant woman, she was supposed to get her left ovary removed because it had a cyst on the left ovary. He took out the right one, she was upset.


She had to go back to take out the left. And she wound up with a total hysterectomy. She still wanted children. So she has to go back home now and tell her husband that she can't bear kids. She said she was not all the way out under anesthesia and heard the doctor tell the nurse that he took out the wrong ovary. The nurse says she and her fellow nurses quote questioned among ourselves like, goodness, he's taking everybody's stuff out. That's his specialty. He's the uterus collector. She says, quote, I know that's ugly. Is he collecting these things or something? Everybody he sees he's taking all their uterus out or he is taking their tubes out. What in the world? Well, there's just one problem. It's not true. Dr. Mahindra Amin only performed two medically necessary hysterectomies on detainees at that ice facility.


And he was not happy with this report. The guy spent his whole life helping underprivileged communities, volunteering his time, helping people who cannot pay. And he got viciously smeared originally by this nurse who worked at the facility and then NBC News and M-S-N-B-C News ran with it and the good doctor filed a $30 million defamation lawsuit against NBC Universal in September or back in September. NBC settled. They settled after discovery in this case showed that even internally at the news organization, they had significant doubts about whether this was true even as they presented the allegations to their audience.


Without reflecting those serious doubts, we reached out to NBC Universal for comment. We have not heard back here. Now to explain more is Stacey Evans, Dr. Amin's attorney Stacey, thank you so much for being here. I know that, Thank you so much for having me and sharing the story. Yes, you're, I'm told a democratic lawmaker in the state of Georgia and that many people would not expect you to be suing M-S-N-B-C, which is beloved by a lot of Democrats. So did you have any hesitancy in taking this case? I didn't. I definitely thought in my mind this could hurt me politically and in fact I had some attacks. You proclaimed to be this progressive champion.


How could you defend this? This man, this doctor. And I said, well it's very easy because he didn't do these terrible things that the media is claiming that he did, that M-S-N-B-C is claiming that he did that this alleged whistleblower is claiming that he did. And for me, whether it's a democratic leaning media or Republican leading media, you gotta tell the truth. I mean the media is a very important part of our, our systems of government really. And they need to get it right. And so it's my job I feel like as a defamation lawyer to hold anyone accountable who's not telling the truth whether that's good the network I watch or or another network, Good for you.


Not everybody sees the world like that. So I applaud you and your objectivity. Thank you. Just so the audience can understand how this got started, I mentioned this nurse who works there named Dawn Wooten. Here she is talking to NBC's Jacob Soof and making these allegations against Dr. Amin. This is from September 15th, 2020. You're quoted in the complaint as saying that's his specialty, he's the uterus collector. Is that how people refer to this doctor? That's how the detainees refer to this position. They referred to him as, I had a attorney to ask me. She said, well what is he doing? Ms. Wooten collecting all of our uterus.


And I just looked at her puzzle 'cause I didn't have an answer. Later the, the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General would conduct an investigation. This is after the allegations aired. It was in January of 2022. And they released a report finding based on its medical records review. The National Commission on Correctional Healthcare Resources team determined women's healthcare provided by Dr. Amin to be appropriate. So they're basically saying that he, well, he's not mentioned by name. Nothing onward happened there. Nothing that wasn't medically necessary.


So what exactly did NBC and M-S-N-B-C do wrong? Well, they, they called Dr. Amin a uterus collector. They said that Dr. Amin performed mass hysterectomies, high number of hysterectomies and that they were unnecessary and that they were unconsented to none of those things are true. And the court even found in her summary judgment order, judge Wood of the Southern District of Georgia found in 108 page order. Very clearly there is no evidence of mass hysterectomies, no evidence of high numbers of hysterectomies and no evidence that Dr. Amin is a uterus collector and also relayed information to make clear that Don Wooten was not telling the truth and M-S-N-B-C was not telling the truth.


To repeat it when she said all these detainees called Dr. Amin the uterus collector, I took deposition after deposition after deposition of women who had been formally detained at Irwin County Detention Center and others who had been there and no one heard him be called the uterus collector until after MSNBC's news reports, which the detainees obviously had access to watching television like, like any of us. But no one admitted to ever using that phrase. And no one even heard it until after the report. So M-S-N-B-C took these allegations, which were salacious And it was right in the middle of, of an election year. We were six weeks before the 2020 election.


And they ran with it. And they tried to tie Dr. Amin, an immigrant himself to what they portrayed as terrible, atrocious things that were happening to immigrants during the Trump administration. And and I and others agree, I mean the child separation policies, there were these administrators who were tracking menstrual cycles of women. Rachel Maddow said that Dr. Me, my client, a man who's been practicing medicine for over 35 years, devoted himself to these underserved areas, took on these cases of this, of the detainees because he knew no one, no one else would do it. For most of his career, he's been the only, or one of only a few OBGYNs in a very wide radius in a rural part of South Georgia.


So they said, this man, my client Dr. Amin, one of the most gentle people you'll ever meet, was the next chapter in this saga of immigration abuse that's happening in our country. Again, an immigrant himself tied him to that without, not only not looking as deep as they needed to, but the surface level that they did look into told them that these allegations from this alleged whistleblower were not corroborated. They had talked To, let me, let me stop you there. Lemme stop you there. Sure. Just to set, set the scene. Sure. And I appreciate you mentioning the election. 'cause it's very interesting. I mean we've seen this so many times. We, the mistakes, mistakes or intentional misstatements get made in service of a political narrative that somebody finds important.


And I think obviously M-M-S-N-B-C was guilty of that here. It was too good. It was too good not to report it would hurt Trump it, it would hurt him on one of his key issues. You know, immigration and look what they're doing. He's basically got a Joseph Manly in there taking out uterus for fun. This is sick. These people are sick. So I see it, I see exactly what you're saying here. But that's one of the things I wanted to get into because it wasn't just M-S-N-B-C, the Guardian, some other publications, mostly left wing, ran with these same allegations by this nurse, but you didn't sue them. And there is a reason that you zeroed in on NBC and M-S-N-B-C and I think it's well there, it's a couple fold.


Do you explain? Well there were some earlier sort of lesser known print maybe online publications that were talking about the story in general. But it was M-S-N-B-C, that first name Dr. Amin. And they were proud of that. They said, we broke the story, we got his name and we told everyone they were very proud of that. And then they were the only broadcast media to run with the story. And they did it again in the face of on the same day that they were up reporting. I was telling them, we've only got records of two hysterectomies being done at this facility at all.


Whether by Dr. Amin at the time, they didn't know if there were other doctors that may be treating women at that facility. That's what M-S-M-B-C did, which was very reckless. They had the biggest microphone, the biggest camera, and they blasted his name and blasted his picture across on things that were false. And that from their own investigation they had feedback telling them it wasn't there. Their own internal people saying we don't have it. And I know you, we may talk about that more if you want me to go into some of the things. Yes I do. That they knew. Well let's, so I definitely wanna do that. I'm running outta time on my SiriusXM live show and we're gonna continue this over on pod and YouTube. So I, I'll start something a little I'll, I'll keep us on something less deep.


'cause that's a deep one. But yeah, so he had multiple news organizations, but N-M-S-N-B-C and NBC was the worst. And the ones with the biggest microphone reporting this about them. Can I ask you before what, in the time we have, do we know why this nurse made these allegations? 'cause I saw some reference to she had an ax to grind. Well, she had, she definitely had some issues employment wise with the facility. Who's right or wrong in that? I don't know. But she was very upset about her status as an employee and being her hours being cut down or something like that. And she was mainly concerned about covid protections at the facility. This was September, 2020. We were in the height of Covid. She was complaining that the safety protocols weren't being followed and she had some her own health issues that she was worried about and being forced to work in these conditions.


That's what she was trying to share. You know, this 26 page letter, I believe it was total only one little paragraph about hysterectomies. But her advocates through this advocacy organization have been trying to get attention on Covid for a while. And no one was biting. And I think they needed something sensational and wow, why she chose to say that he did this. I'll never know. So let's talk now about what you discovered about M-S-N-B-C and NBC in particular because this was really, You know, I don't know whether you would've won the defamation claim against them, even though we now know what they reported was untrue, but they did try to cross cross some T's and dot some I, so when I was reading up in the case, I was like, how did they win this?


And then I got to the page that explains how you won it. But just so to set it up, they did try to do some things. They reached out right to the doctor for comment and they, they included I think his denial in the ultimate report that it wasn't true. But that as it turns out, wasn't sufficient because why? Well, they did include his, his denial, which was general. And one of the things to keep in mind here, and that was very frustrating for Dr. Amin is, I mean, he's a doctor. He is bound by the laws of hipaa. He can't go digging through his medical records and throw 'em up on the screen and say, see here, this is why I did the hysterectomy.


These are the hysterectomies I did. He cannot talk about specific patients. He cannot talk about specific things that happened with them. And so that general denial was, was all he could do. But what, what was true and what we just got worse as we were peeling back the layers during discovery is this whole thing started with Julia Ainsley and Jacob Soff were writing, working together on an, on an article that was gonna be for NBC news online. And they were calling immigration lawyers in Georgia, obviously speaking to Don Wooten. And what they found in the course of doing that is that the immigration lawyers were telling them, You know, when this story broke, we started calling our colleagues, one of the immigration lawyers that they talked to was a leader in this 15,000 plus member association of immigration lawyers all across the country.


And, and she had access to all the ones there in the southeast and Georgia in particular. They were not seeing high numbers of hysterectomies. And they told the reporters at M-S-N-B-C, that's unclear whether it was Jacob that they told or Julia, but they told one of them, we are not seeing it. We are calling around, we are asking people to report to us and we are not seeing it going to air. They really only had hard evidence of one hysterectomy and that, and they had that from an immigration lawyer who told them and she had cancer that that's what they had. Now they said they had more than that, but, but they never did. The most they ever had was two. That's what ICE was saying, is that there were two, two reported out from ICE and that they were approved through their internal procedures to be, to be necessary.


And then you had standards who was looking at that article? Standards and practices. We've talked about that them with my audience there. It's, at nbc it's pretty rigorous where you go through this team of lawyers and sort of professional journalists who make sure or try that you don't defame people in your reporting. And especially when you have a report like this that's incendiary. I mean, you're setting this guy on fire with these allegations. It would be subjected to higher scrutiny. So keep going, keep going. Yeah, absolutely. And I, and I, I personally felt sorry for Christopher Sho was the deputy head of standards at the time, and he was clearly pushing back and he was saying, we have this one source, she has no direct knowledge because she, she told even Jacob Soof, I didn't go with the women during their medical treatments.


I mean, Dr. Amin never set foot onto the campus of Irwin County Detention Center. The women were brought to his private medical office. Don Wooten said the, the alleged whistleblower, I didn't go there. I don't know what happened. So she has no firsthand knowledge and, and the deputy head of standards is pointing this out, guys, Hey, we have one source with no direct knowledge. This is sensational. We've got these folks saying maybe we found, one you've got is saying there's two, we don't have it. And there's evidence that we developed that that standards never actually approved that online news report, which ended up being the basis for all the on air.


Now they dispute and say, oh yeah, we did, we did it, we did approve. But there's, there's some emails later where the deputy head of standards is saying these articles shouldn't go out without seeing a final version and they should not be considered approved based on answers to questions, which is all there was back and forth, all these emails, questions, answers, questions, answers, but then more questions. And then all of a sudden the news article is up and Julia Ainsley's on Deadline White House. And then from there, You know, it goes to Chris Hayes, it goes to, to Rachel Show. Yep. Was the original article on nbc.com or msnbc.com? NBC news.com. Yeah. It was an NBC news story. Wow.


And those warnings from standards and practices were issued prior to them posting that article and then doing all these segments on msnbc. Yep. Prior to posting the, the article online and prior to any on air, including the deadline White House show. And then you also had, you had Chris Hayes behind the scenes internally with standards saying, You know, this whole thing went viral because it's sort of brings up all these third wrike, Jim Crow, Mississippi hospitalization experiments. And that's not the case here. That's what he said internally. That's why it went viral. It's so sensational. It brings up all these bad historical implications. But that's not true here. He acknowledges that internally that same night he goes on his show and he says, this story went viral because of the historical ramifications of any kind of coerced sterilization of an immigrant population.


So the exact same thing that he said, this is not internally, he told the viewers, that's why this is such a big story because this is what it makes us think of. It was very, very reckless and very disappointing to me to see that, see it happen this way. Incredibly two-faced here. He is having that same nurse on his show again, after all these warnings from standards and others behind the scenes. 37, You have detained women. I had several detained women on numerous occasions that would come to me and say, Ms. Wooten, I had a hysterectomy. Why? I had no answers as to why they had those procedures.


And one lady walked up to me here this last time, around between October of 19 until July the second. And she said, what is he, is he the uterus collector? Does he collect uterus? And I asked her, what does she mean? And she says, everybody that I talked to has had a hysterectomy and you just don't know what to say. I mean, I don't, I don't have a answer for why that they would come to me and they would say, is he the uterus collector? Now in that interview, did Chris Hayes express strong skepticism, like, this is hearsay, you can't produce the women, how do You know it's six?


Like what, was there anything to mitigate the damage in those allegations? No, and that was the bigger problem. It would've been one thing to say, okay, here's what Don Wooten is saying. But we, we haven't been able to verify from anyone who was actually in the room. We haven't looked at medical records, we're we're being skeptical here, which internally they were saying standards was saying to Chris Hayes specifically, we need to be skeptical. And in fact, they were just validating. There was, I don't remember if it was Chris Hayes or other on-air talent or his producers that were calling Don Wooten their hero. And our hero is here to share the truth with us. Just really putting her up on a pedestal. And then calling Dr.


Amin a so-called medical professor professional, so-called medical professional. That's how things were going behind the scenes. So they're, they're definitely saying one thing behind the scenes and then they're saying another thing on air and then it, You know, it goes up. So you've got, you've got Nicole Wallace at Deadline White House, then you've got Chris Hayes all in. And then after that you've got Rachel Maddow, which really took it to the next level. And we alluded to it earlier when she made this really an election issue and said, this is the Trump administration's mistreatment of immigrants. And Dr. Amin is part of that. And going through the child separation policy and going through tracking of, of immigrant women's menstrual cycles when they're in detention.


And now Dr. Am mean the next chapter. And that was such a terrible, outlandish thing to say, but even more so because earlier that day when she was internal records during deposition, during Discovery revealed, she had been having her production meeting with her team. And she starts out saying, if it's true, we should go with it. But there's, there's some reason to be doubtful here. I think there's a lot of jumping to conclusions. And then according to the, the, the document, eight minutes later she is saying, this is gonna be the a block and this is going to be the next chapter of this immigration situation with no evidence that we ever saw that any new information came in.


And that to me is just so egregious. And she's got such a platform and so many people look up to her as a smart and hardworking and thorough journalist. And for her to be so flippant about Dr. Amin and, and what he did here just was just was really too much. Did she explain in the deposition why the change of heart in eight minutes? No, no. That there, there was not that, and in fact for her and some of the other folks that we deposed on air talent, but also producers, what struck me was how flippant folks were about, that was a long time ago. I do a lot of stories I don't remember.


That one just didn't stick out for me. And I thought, how callous and yeah, maybe it was a, maybe it was a flashpoint in time for you. Maybe it was part of some agenda for you. But this was Dr. Amin's life. This is what he lives with every day. Maybe you can move on from it in a second and put it outta your mind and not worry about how reckless you were. But he had to live with this. He had to live with the death threats, the bomb threats, the constant calls to his office, the the following of him, the name calling some of the most vile things to be called his own staff. He had several Hispanic women working for him. He lost some employees over this.


A lot of the women stayed and they took also flack in their own communities and with their family and friends because they were working for him. But they knew, I mean they knew this man, they knew that this wasn't true. They knew that how these women were treated, which was well when they were in Dr. Amin's office. And thank goodness they stood by him. But it was a terrible time tell he wasn't able to move on. Can you tell the story, Stacy, of what happened with his son who was off to the Cleveland Clinic as a doctor in his own right. Absolutely. Dr. Amin's son, his middle name is Mahindra, the same as Dr. Amin's first name, par Mahindra Amin, Dr. Amin himself. And when all of the, the news hit and Dr.


Amin was very scared about what was gonna happen to him and others, he immediately thought of his son and he called his son. He said, you might get calls 'cause your name is so close to mine And if you get calls, just tell them you don't know me. Just tell them that you don't know me. That it's just a coincidence that you have the same name. Because he was so concerned that his son who had just gotten his dream job, was gonna be affected negatively about this. So much so that he was just like, pretend like you don't know me. And that just breaks my heart. I mean Dr. Amin is a father of four caring husband, doctor, father, and, and to know that he had to say that to his son, it, it just, it's heartbreaking. Especially in light of what you just said, which is they had doubts, they reversed them.


It seems clear they did that because they thought it was a story that was gonna work for Team Blue and for their own ratings, notwithstanding their knowledge that there were serious holes in the story and then were so callous in disgusting it. Like, I don't know, I, I ruin a lot of people's lives. I'm not sure. That's really kind of how, it sounds like I've ruined a lot of people since Dr. Ramin can't, can't keep up with 'em all. Look, I have empathy for news organizations 'cause we're all in a position of trying to report on day's news and sometimes you get duped, sometimes you have dishonest brokers. The thing that makes this story different and that really makes a villain out of the actors you've mentioned is that they knew or had reason to know this one was false.


It would've been a totally different, different story if they had her word. They couldn't get in touch with Dr. Amin. They didn't get a denial and they, they reported it straight as, look, she's filed this whistleblower complaint. This is what she's alleged. We're gonna continue to try to reach out to him and get comment, whatever. But they didn't, they actually did go beyond that. And when they got there, they learned that the story had tons of holes in it. And then even then you could potentially avoid liability if you went on the air and said here are the allegations and here are all the holes in it. Right. Like that too could potentially spare you. But just going with these are the allegations. Oh, and by the way, he gave us a denial. And without reporting any of the serious problems you've discovered behind the scenes, that's what got you to defamation.


Because for some reason they decided to treat him as a public figure even though he wasn't. But whatever, it's not important. So you had a higher burden in bringing a defamation claim against M-S-N-B-C and NBC and you had to prove actual malice on their part that they knew what they were saying was false or behaved in reckless disregard of its truth or falsity. And I think that latter point is that's where all these messages came in. You, you submitted in the case text messages between Julia Ainsley, who you mentioned, and Jacobs Jacob Soof, she texts to him saying, but only two hysterectomies. Or do you think they only referred those And he also did others?


She's trying to say maybe they referred others and, and we don't have a record of 'em And it sober off answers. I think it's possible or likely lots of lawyers saying it. Then you've got this one source, an immigration lawyer named Sarah Owings who told sober off that she and her colleagues were not finding evidence of a large number of hysterectomies. The Rachel Maddow meeting that you just outlined, that guy you mentioned from standards and practices, Chris shool, you say standards weighed in on this prior to the airing of the reports. But this is from a follow-up segment that Chris Hayes was gonna do two days after the original report where standards, this guy Chris Schul is jumping up and down saying that you don't have it. Like stop doing this.


The quotes are schul saying, we don't know if the doctor did anything wrong here. In fact, the guy has a pretty clean record. Schol doubted the credibility of that nurse Wooten in the same call quote. And the whistleblower has no direct knowledge of this stuff. She kind of has a beef, right? She's got a whole separate agenda here. Schul admitted in the deposition, the network did not know the truth and as to televising the accusations, he said we would have to approach this with a great deal of transparency with viewers and say, look, we don't know the truth. That's my understanding too, Stacey, that like when you've got somebody making, You know, whistleblower allegations like that and you've got a strong denial on the other side, you investigate it and you find a bunch of reasons to doubt the allegations.


It's a judgment call as to whether you tank the story entirely. But in some instances you might put it on the air anyway. Like if it's big enough and it's like serious enough, you might put it on the air anyway. But you would have to outline all the doubts that had been found in your reporting about it so that the viewers knew to keep a very healthy dose of skepticism on the allegations. I mean, you practice in this area. Am am I right? Yeah, absolutely. I mean that's really what the guy from standards was saying is that if we're gonna do this, we've got a, we've got a caveat it with this and this and this and then it's worth saying why are we even doing the story? And he acknowledges during one of those internal calls too with Chris Hayes and his producers, Hey, we can get to the bottom of this and we can find out, but by the time we find out we're not gonna wanna do the story anymore, it's gonna be too late.


I mean really just sort of acknowledging how they were rushing here and and I agree with you before Trump gets reelected. Yeah, I mean the media, the media has an important job and, and I know it's gotta be hard and and I've had cases that have come to me and I've started looking at 'em and I'm like, oh, this is a great case. This is a great case. But when you find out facts that tell you it's not when you're in the media and you have, you, you think you have this great story, but then you find out facts that tell you that show to you that it's not you have to stop. And I think you said it, it was just too good. They had gotten, they really wanted this, I think Julia Ainsley and Jacob Soof, they had done this book on, or Soof had done a book on the child separation policies.


They had won some awards for reporting and that this was their next immigration story. They wanted it so much that even though their own sources, their own immigration lawyers in Georgia were saying, we are not seeing it. Even though ICE was saying to hysterectomies, even though this was not a firsthand account, they just couldn't stop themselves from doing it. And then those text messages that you showed, some of those go into the night after the first night of re of reporting and you have them even saying, gosh, I've gotta know if it's true, I can't move on. I wonder if it's true. Do we think that the attorneys that did talk to us and told us that they found one, do we think they conspired? I've heard mixed things about Don Wooten, the alleged whistleblower.


They are questioning it and they didn't stop. It's a hard job. But when you, when you, when you learn better, when You know better, you do better. And they just didn't do that here. If it's okay, I wanted to real quickly, you mentioned how we had to meet that actual malice standard and we did. That is so hard. It is so hard. It's so hard to have summary judgment on actual malice. So I have to pat ourselves on the back for that for our team. But we did, But We, because you would've expected this judge could have thrown your case out at summary judgment. And that's really what I think led to the settlement, right? He, the judge did not throw out the case at summary judgment. In fact, you got summary judgment on the, the critical facts of your case, which is it is not true that he is a uterus collector. Right, right.


We got, we got, and it's so rare for a plaintiff to get summary judgment. We got summary judgment on several of the statements being false as a matter of law. And she said, no evidence of mass hysterectomies, no evidence of high numbers of hysterectomies. And obviously he's not a uterus collector, But we had to prove actual MALS here and, and we were allowed to go to the jury on that. If the case had continued, we'd be in trial right now or next week. But we had to prove actual mal here. Even though Dr. Amin is not a public figure because Georgia has a very strict anti SLAPP statute strategic lawsuit against public participation is what SLAP stands for for the viewers and listeners. And so when you have statements on air or in publications about issues of public concern, which this was deemed to be, that you have to reach that actual malice standard regardless of public figure status.


And so that's why we had to do that. There's been some, we could get nerdy on the law. There's been a little bit of changes since, since that happened and I have some disagreement about how that was applied here. But that's why it wasn't because he was a public figure, but because in in this case the court had deemed this an issue of public concern and that we had to meet that higher standard, which is very, very hard. And I'm really proud of our team. Well NBC saw it coming because once they lost at summary judgment and you were barreling toward trial, I think they understood exactly how this was gonna go over in front of a jury. And you settled and I've, I've heard you say you're very happy with the settlement. Can you add any color to that? Well, the settlement terms themselves are confidential, so I really can't, But I can say that Dr.


Amin is very happy to be able to move on from this. I mean this is, we filed this case in the fall of 2021, so this has been going on for a very long time for him. And so he's very glad to be able to move on from it. And, and very glad that, that you and some others have been interested in sharing his story because it's, it's been so hurtful for him and like I said, his staff and his family. And so to be able to, to have the truth come out, to be able to get that, that accountability for the truth just means so much to him. And, and I appreciate you Yeah. Letting us tell that story. Of course, he's still practicing now, right? He is, he is still practicing. He's good. He's, he is, I, I describe him.


He is a doctor. He is a doctor. He is a doctor. He is a doctor. I don't, other than when I told him he needed to wear a, a business casual outfit, at least for his deposition, I've never seen the man not in scrubs. We have a mediation or whatever we have. He's coming in in scrubs because he's, he'll, he'll take a break and he'll go, he'll get a call, he'll have to go deliver a baby. He just wants to know when can I get back to seeing patients. He loves it. He's really good at it. The community fortunately still loves him down there. He, he had some trouble for a while, but everybody, luckily it seems like everyone's come back around and he'll, he'll never know all the naysayers that are out there. But he's very important to the community.


He loves them and they love him and yeah, all he wants to do practice Medicine. I should end admit this there, there's n there never was a lawsuit against the nurse. Right. There actually is a pending lawsuit against her. We have a state court case against Sinclair Broadcasting and Don Wooten jointly that's pending right now in Tift County Superior Court so that that one is yet to be resolved. Okay. Yeah, I wondered about that. 'cause I saw she spoke out to the Guardian, or at least the Guardian offered a, an article about her in 2022 and she, she's blaming a very low dejected mental state on, on her time as a whistleblower saying post whistle blowing, I am on antidepressants at one time.


I was suicidal, couldn't pay the bills, still can't pay the bills. My whole nursing career just plummeted. I'm back on food stamps, I'm back on welfare, I'm back on Medicaid, I'm back trying to figure out how I'm going to make ends meet, et cetera. So what is she defending the lawsuit? Does she have counsel? She is defending the lawsuit. She does have counsel. It's in a, we, we've got a procedural issue that we've gotta work through before we get to discovery in that case. And so a lot is still sort of paused, But I do think it's worthy of note that the Government accountability project, which were her lawyers throughout the, the media frenzy and, And it was a representative of the government accountability project that was on air with her at Chris Hayes, the government accountability project.


If you go to their website and you scroll down to the bottom of their homepage, you will see a retraction by them basically retracting anything bad they've ever said about Dr. Amin and his medical practices. Wow. Accusing him of mass hysterectomies, everything like that. I don't see anything like that from Don Wooten. We'll see if we ever get there, but at least the lawyers that were with her at this crucial time back in the fall of 2020, they have retracted it all. Wow. You don't get that every day in practicing defamation law. No. Thank you so much for coming on and telling his story and all the best to both of you and the good doctor. Thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Wow, what a story. Unbelievable. Alright, speaking of good doctors, we're going down to interview one exclusively.


Dr. Marty McCarey, the new head of the FDA Praise Jesus will be on this show tomorrow. You guys have seen him on this show as Johns Hopkins doctor who pushed back against some of the covid nonsense. He came on to talk about his book, which is very Maha friendly, and now I'm dying to talk to him about what he has found in the first couple weeks kicking the tires over at the FDA. This will be great. He's an honest broker and there aren't a lot of them in, You know, these medical policy setting positions, at least not pre-Trump. So what, what did he find? I can't wait. It's tomorrow.


See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear Under Biden American's Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans.


It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. I.