
This NFL season, all FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it, come to life Live 21 plus and present in Virginia, offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal. Cancel any time, no refunds, terms, restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV Redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for Career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey. Everyone on m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Today we have a special episode on True Crime. Past and present. You heard about the Diddy indictment. There's breaking news in the Brian Kohlberg case, and we actually have some details on what's gonna happen with Trump's would be assassin as well. And we've got the perfect guest to cover it all. Matt Murphy is a former senior deputy district attorney in California and current a BC News legal analyst. And he is the author of a brand new book that you're gonna wanna read.


It's called Fellow True Crime Junkies, The Book of Murder, A Prosecutor's Journey Through Love and Death. Murder. That's, do you ever watch, what's that? Shetland Shetlands Such a good crime show. It's this like UK crime drama and that's how they say the word murder. That's all I could The Book of Murder by Matt Mur Murphy. And this is a guy who knows of what he writes because he put the worst prisoners in jail for his entire career. The book is out right now, it just hit and it is a fascinating read.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, then take out loans against your property, or even sell it behind your back. And by the time you find this out, the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure that you're not already a victim of this kind of thing. It's promo code Megan and home Title Lock dot com or just by using the link below.


Matt, welcome back to the show. Thank You so much. Yeah, I mean, congrats. You came back on during our fraud week and walked us through one of your big cases and now you're out with this book and it's a great reason to talk about what's in there and some of these other cases. So lemme just hit you up on the, the ones that are in the news first and then we'll get to the book. What do you think is going to happen now with this would be Trump assassin? Because there's a bit of a turf war starting to unfold between Florida and the Feds, where Ron DeSantis says he's gonna get to the bottom of how the security elapse occurred, and yet the feds say it's our investigation. And the FBI will run point on it. We had Eric Prince suggesting DeSantis should not turn over this shooter to the feds.


He should keep him in Florida to make sure he doesn't suddenly have an Epstein like ending. So how do you see that playing out? Well, I've actually been in one of these before, one of these turf battles. And it's interesting, I, I think that the way this will shake out is that this is known as dual jurisdiction. So both the state has jurisdiction over this and the feds have jurisdiction over this. So it's like the old expression, what is it? Possession is nine-tenths of the law. Florida, I think has the body right now. They've got, they've got the woodby shooter. So it's, it's gonna be really interesting. One of the things that I think they're gonna hesitate about is that right now the, the feds have only essentially brought up gun charges, the obliterated serial number and a felon obsession of a firearm that doesn't in, there are a lot of confidence in, in where this case has probably merited to go, and that is attempted murder.


Now, attempted murder is a very interesting concept in a case like this because it requires a direct but ineffectual step towards the completion of the act. So the intended act beyond mere preparation. So it's actually, this is almost a law school hypo, when you got somebody who intends to kill somebody, you know, forget presidential candidate, just any other human being who takes, who prepares for it and then takes direct, but ineffectual steps beyond mere preparation. Is that satisfied here? I think a lot of people would would say it is, but then at the same time, you know, attempted murders are also historically difficult to prove. So this is gonna be really interesting to see the way this shakes out.


Worst case scenario, Be defense of like, I was just sitting on the golf course, what do you mean I was gonna, I was, I was gonna shoot birds. I I mean we've seen so many crazy things in court, so who knows what they're gonna come up with? But yeah, something like that. What I think is really interesting about this and, and just in the, as everybody has been sort of looking at this case, the first thing every prosecutor's gonna look at is, is this a John Hinkley type situation? You're gonna look at the mental health or the mental stability of, of the wouldbe shooter. That's the first thing that whether you're a federal prosecutor or a state prosecutor, is there gonna be some sort of insanity defense and Based on everything I've read so far, that's a non-starter.


This guy's functional, you might be wacky, but there's a huge difference between being, you know, a loon and being legally crazy under what is known as the McNaughton rule, which means you do not recognize the nature and quality of your acts. So this guy in insanity defense isn't gonna play the next thing, and I guarantee they're furiously doing this behind the scenes, both the, the state guys and the federal guys, everybody's looking for, essentially these are, there's two types of assistance in cases like this. There's assistance before which makes somebody a principal to the crime or a co-conspirator, and they're, I, I guarantee they're looking at every, every machine he is got, every phone, every computer trying to track down if there's any accomplices in a conspiracy type context.


And then there's help after the crime or accessory after the fact. That's anybody who attempts to destroy evidence or hide things. And I, I mean, the weight of the world is gonna come down on, on this investigation, be it state or federal, and anybody involved is gonna be in, in a whole lot of trouble. But this also could be a guy who acted alone. This isn't another thing is that just drives me crazy, as long as anybody else has been in law enforcement or the military is this gun keeps being described. The the rifle he had is that AK 47 style rifle. And it's not, this is an sks, it's a totally different kind of gun. They fired the same ammunition, but it's a cheap, readily available rifle that also everybody should be aware of.


He was not entitled to have, he was a convicted felon. So nobody can legally sell him that firearm. So this is gonna be interesting to see where it goes. Oh, so that those people could potentially be in trouble, whoever sold it to him, could he argue, Matt, I I wasn't going to kill anybody. This isn't like Butler where there the shooter fired shots and took a man's life and hit Trump. He could, he argue, I I wanted him to listen to me about Ukraine. My plan was to get him, you know, to a point where he was scared. And just to hear me out. Now I realize he had a GoPro and he had, they said, they call it ceramics in his backpack, which my understanding is, I, I just learned yesterday is some sort of like defense mechanism.


It's like to help him be bulletproof if he took fire. But that shows only that he was worried about somebody shooting him. Not that he was necessarily going to shoot someone. So couldn't a clever defense attorney potentially get him off on an argument like that since he didn't actually pull a trigger? I think you hit the nail on the head. I think that we are gonna see something almost exactly like that. And also that's another thing that drives everybody crazy that's mirroring it. They keep calling it ceramic tiles. Ceramic tiles are what you have on your house or in your kitchen. Yes. These are called c That's right. These are called ceramic plates. And that is a, that, that defeats high caliber ammunition. So our soldiers in the military wear ceramic plates and certain law enforcement wear ceramic plates as well.


So it's not tiles, it's ceramic plates, everybody. So that's a, that that also shows preparation. And you're right, that shows that he's preparing to engage in a gun battle where, you know, you can wear soft armor is what it's called. That will defeat handguns. But plates are for rifles like those carried by the secret service. So this was, there's at least initially here, and this is all, you know, Based on what's just come public. But this is a, appears to be a very planned out scheme. And you're right, we, we are, at some point we're gonna hear some defense lawyer, whether it's in state court or whether it's in federal court coming out and saying he just wanted his attention or you know, he didn't really want to do it, blah, blah, blah.


But I, I think Based on the evidence we have so far, they, they, this was a 7.62 magazine with, with live ammunition in it. So good luck with that one, especially with the Florida jury. I don't See that problem finding his writings, emails, diaries and so on, showing intent. We've seen intent even in his own self-published book that he wanted Trump to be assassinated. But so we'll see. There'll be more of it. Okay, let's shift gears. Yeah, again, the name of Matt's book is The. Book of Murder. It's not about these cases, but the reason Matt can speak so intelligently about these cases is he's a lifelong prosecutor in Orange County. He did dozens of felony criminal prosecutions in one year, nevermind all the lifetime that he's devoted to it.


Some of the worst serial killers on earth put behind bars, thanks to Matt. And he talks about it in The, Book of Murder. Let's get to P Diddy because this news hit and this is big. So he finally did get arrested. He's in federal custody charged with racketeering conspiracy, multiple acts of kidnapping, arson, bribery, tampering, forced labor, prostitution, transportation and inducement of travel for purposes of prostitution and other illegal sexual activities, multiple offenses in including possession with intent to distribute distribution of narcotics controlled substances including cocaine, oxycodone, and others. Sex trafficking by force is a second count. And transportation to engage in prostitution.


The allegations are deeply disturbing. Talking about how he used to have something called well not used to, but he has been hosting something called freak offs where they said he used his business, his enterprise to intimidate, threaten and lure female victims into his orbit under the pretense of a romantic relationship. It oftentimes the, he then used force threats of force and coercion to cause victims to engage in extended sex acts with male commercial sex workers referred to as freak offs. These were elaborate and produced sex performances that combs arranged, directed, masturbated during and often electronically recorded. He kept the videos he filmed of the victims engaging in these sex acts and he says, law enforcement, this says, law enforcement seized various freak off supplies, including narcotics, 1000 bottles of baby oil and lubricant.


And that among other things, he hit kicked, threw objects at, dragged victims at times by their hair and threatened them to ensure continued obedience and silence among other things. He engaged in abuse of people who crossed him or, or said they would speak out, including kidnapping and arson. I mean, that's one humdinger of an indictment. Mat It, it reads like a novel by itself. It's, this is, this is gonna be a fascinating case to watch for a variety of reasons, but we're talking about federal sentencing guidelines. So what that means is even the kind of the throwaway counts where you're talking about the narcotics with firearms, that alone, if nothing else winds up a conviction, that alone carries such incredible potential federal sentences, you know, just being possession of schedule one narcotics with the intent to distribute along with firearms by itself.


You know, he could spend decades in prison for that alone. I think that what's different on this case also, Megan, is that we've, we've, we've read about these civil cases and of course he was charged with a shooting back in the day. This is, he's been charged under what's called the Man Act, or that's, that's essentially sex trafficking. But also there appear to be RICO allegations in here, which is a, a criminal enterprise. And when you're talking about criminal enterprises, what the feds love to do, and what every prosecutor loves to do really, is you, you look for people who are, have criminal jeopardy in the complaint. In other words, they're part of the enterprise transporting these women or distributing narcotics, whatever it may be.


And they are now in legal jeopardy. And do you go to their lawyer and say, Hey, do they wanna be a witness or do they wanna be a defendant in this thing? So I think that what we can expect is we're gonna see confidants and people that are a part of this enterprise turning evidence against Diddy. I think that's what we can see. And I mean, I shouldn't call him Diddy Mr. Combs, but he is, he's in a lot of trouble here. And, and I'll tell you another thing, the feds don't like to, they don't like to take a lot of risk. And when you're talking about that word video, you, you know, that's one of the things, things about sex offenders that I, it's, it's always mind boggling, but they love to record it.


And it is, you know, when they did the, when they served the search warrant on his home in Los Angeles, remember that in the Bearcat trucks Yeah. Went in in March and they, they were seen, they were seen leaving with computers and everybody in law enforcement at that point saw those videos and said they're gonna do a complete forensic workup. And the FBI is actually the best in the world at getting into electronic devices and figuring out how to get past, you know, passwords and all that sort of thing. And the, the timing of this is interesting. I think that this was, it appears to be a very methodical, careful investigation. And this indictment is just mind blowing. One quick question about the number of celebrities in his orbit, because he was known, is known for these massive parties like days long there, this video, when he first got his house searched recirculated as if he were threatening the celebrities, like, I'm gonna spill the tea on all of you.


It turned out to be the invite list, I think, for his 50th birthday party, but we recu it up just to give you a feel for this guy's friend group. Okay, watch a bit of this. Are you ready? Drum roll. He's got his child on his own for the listening audience. Drake ra, Drake, JLo, JLo a Rock j Will Smith, will Justin Bieber. Okay, so you're the prosecutor in this case, let's say.


And you know, those are the circles this guy runs in, those are the attendees at at his 50th birthday party. And some of those people almost certainly knew about some of this stuff. His penchant for drugging women, for hurting women, abusing them, and so on. These, so-called freak offs. And how does that dynamic of these very powerful, well-known celebrities with lots of money, which frankly is probably how Diddy stayed out of law enforcement's cross heirs for this long. How does that play into how you view this case? Well, this is gonna be obviously a hugely sensational trial with these charges.


This is not the type of thing that is gonna plea either. This is gonna trial, I can virtually guarantee it. And then you start thinking about the witness list. Now, from their perspective, we kind of saw a little bit of this with the Jeffrey Epstein case, right? There was, he got convicted in Florida and he had all kinds of people in his orbit for a while, and he was taking the jet, putting people on his plane and all that stuff. Almost all of them stopped contact with him after he's convicted in Florida. But then he got a whole new group of people, including a lot of socialite here in New York City that didn't seem to mind this, this sex, the sex conviction. So we're gonna see something similar here where I think we're gonna see a lot of people trying to distance themselves from him.


Now, what is fascinating here is somebody leaked that hotel video from 2016 with his girlfriend, Cassie. And we've all seen that. And I think that we all kind of, you know, you talk about a fall from Grace, you know, but we've, we've seen this before when famous people get in trouble like Bill Cosby or OJ Simpson and you just, we have this public persona or this public image that we, we have a hard time wrapping our head around. But then we saw that video and that video just Telling the audience, audience, this is him abusing his now ex-girlfriend. It's disturbing to watch. She is 100% expected to be a witness against him. Keep going, Matt. Yeah, I mean, I mean, we think we know somebody's public persona, right? And, and it's really hard to wrap her head around it.


And then you see, and in that video, he's in a towel and he's beating her and kicking her as she's trying to get out of a hotel room and he's kicking her on the ground and it's like, ooh, that's highly corroborative. Now a thing that is disturbing me as a, as an LA resident is a lot of this stuff happened in the city of Los Angeles and we have, we have a very progressive DA named George Gascon who seems to be only interested in prosecuting police officers. There's a permissive atmosphere in vi regarding violent crime in the city of Los Angeles right now. And a lot of this went down in la Where was the LADA in this, you know, again, we have the feds coming in to do this and there are certain crimes on this indictment that can only be federal crimes, but one of them is an arson that took place in Los Angeles County.


And this is, this is kind of what happens when you have LA LAX law enforcement. Like we have under DA George Gascon in Los Angeles. There's, he's up for election coming up. And any of your listeners who live in Los Angeles County, If, you're concerned about things like abuse against women or abuse against children or sex trafficking. You take a, take a hard look at that election and decide how you're gonna vote because George Gascone and the DA's office should have been all over this and they had nothing to do with this investigation. And it's disturbing to me. They're disgraced, they're humiliated. The, they notion though, that you can have these two faces, you know, your public face, which is this great guy who's so beloved by everyone and brings us this amazing product in, in music.


But behind the scenes could be potentially a devil is disturbing to most people. You know, that's, we kind of bank on that not being at least a common thing, but that describes so many of the characters in your book, real Life People. It's called The, Book of Murder. It's by Matt Murphy. You can get it now. And that brings me to this guy who, it's amazing 'cause when I listened to the book, it like every dateline I've ever listened to, every 2020 I've ever listened to, Matt Murphy was the prosecutor on half of these cases. You, you'll know a lot of these cases, you're like, oh my god, this guy was that prosecutor. So many of us know about this particular case, it's called the Dating Game Guy or Murder.


He didn't murder somebody on the dating game. But here is a man named Rodney Alcala on the dating game, 1979. It's a little long. Watch the clip. Seems like a great guy. Let's watch. Well, let's see. Back to number one. As a successful photographer who got his start when his father found him in the dark room at the age of 13, fully developed between takes, he might find him skydiving or motorcycling, please welcome Rodney Alala Rod welcome Bachelor number one. Yes, that's your best time. The best time is at night nighttime.


Why do you say that? Because that's the only time there is The only time. What's wrong with morning, afternoon? Well, they're okay, but nighttime's, when it really gets good, then you're really ready. A bachelor number 1:00 AM serving you for dinner. Oh, what are you called? And what do you look like? I'm called the banana and I look Really good. Can you be a little more descriptive? Peel me. Well, I like bananas, so I'll take one number One dash number one.


Alright. Hello to Rodney Lar Rodney, congratulations. Rodney did it with a one answer. Unbelievable. Matt Murphy, you take it from there. Well, it's fascinating, right? So that's a woman named Cheryl Bradshaw and quick, sort of coincidence today they're, I think they're issuing the first trailers for a movie that Anna Kendrick did. It's her first for her directorial debut and she started it as well called Woman of the Hour. And it's about Rodney Alcala. Now what's fascinating about Alcala number one, you see there, the charm in that clip that we just watched, Rodney Alcala is in the middle of a murder spree that probably took about a hundred lives, lives.


And when we're talking about, you know, we've got an election coming up, right? And my book is not political at all, but when you talk about Rodney Alcala, Rodney Alcala received a life sentence in the state of California in, in the 1970s. He kidnapped and raped an 8-year-old girl named Tally Shapiro. In 1968, he fled to New York, he got away from that. She miraculously lived after being in a coma for 32 days, they extradited him back to California. He received a life sentence and he was paroled in 34 months. So he, after his parole, 11 Before that dating game clip clip, he had been convicted of murdering a child, No, of of a, of kidnapping an 8-year-old off the street and raping her kidnapping.


Okay, she's kidnapping, right? She lived unbelievable. She was in a coma for 30 years. I'll fail by the dating game producers just f yi I, but keep going, Right? Yeah. And they, and they were actually very cooperative. It's Chuck Bear's Productions. They were cooperative with law enforcement. I should, I should say, I don't know if any of them are even still alive, but, but, so that guy gets paroled 34 months for that crime with that little girl. He had a parole violation, what they call him smoking marijuana with a 13-year-old on the cliffs in Huntington Beach, paroled again. And then he was permitted to drive across country. And the lead detective Craig Robeson, who's now a superior court judge, one of the smartest guys I know, estimates that he killed about a hundred people.


So that clip that we just watched, he's in the middle of a murder spree, finally murdering a 12-year-old girl named Robin Samson in Huntington Beach. The case went up twice, he was convicted since death in California. Rose by, who was the old presiding justice of the California Supreme Court, reversed that case, came down it, he was retried, went up through the ninth circuit, they reversed it again, and then it wound up on my desk with just the SAMHSA murder. And then we started, no sooner was the ink dry on the return on a reiter, we started getting DNA hits from cold cases in Los Angeles County. And we wound up, we prosecuted five here. There was one in Wyoming who's cleared to a murder in Marin. He's a suspect in two more in San Diego and at least five that we know of for sure in the New York and Vermont areas.


So this guy was an absolute monster, but you can see how charming he's, which is what is so fascinating about serial killers in general. This guy was a true blue psychopath. And what, and I talk about this in the book, but one of the fascinating things, Megan, about serial killers that a lot of people don't understand is, and I certainly didn't, when I rotated in a homicide, I thought they're all like Buffalo Bill. You know, like the guy from the Sounds of the Lambs where they're kind of a weird outcast driving a van and living in a creepy house. The truth is, they're a lot more like what we just saw. They're charming, they're handsome. Rodney Alcala had a genius level documented Mensa iq. This guy was, he had a house with people who loved him.


He grew up with, he, he never suffered any sort of abuse. He was a varsity Letterman on his high school cross country team, and he was an absolute monster. And a lot of serial killers will target sex workers. You know, I think because of the nature of the profession, it's, you know, it's anonymous and they'll go into dark alleys and they, they really put themselves in a position to vulnerability because the, the, the profession, which is tragic. But Rodney Alcala wasn't, he wasn't doing that. He was following women home from bars. So his victims included a pediatric cancer nurse, a computer programmer, a legal secretary, all of these women, they're the, the same people that we know and love in our own personal lives. And he never should have had the opportunity to do that.


It's probably, in my mind, it has to be one of the single biggest failures of the California Board of Prison terms. And we're, we're tracking hard in that direction, again, in the state of California. And people, people really need to be aware of that, Right? Releasing prisoners early is all their rage now But. it is disturbing. Yeah. What could go wrong? Because we, we really wanna find like, oh, he was abused, or oh, you know, something tragic happened to, he had some mental break and therefore I don't need to worry about the people in my life because none of them has that profile. But you're saying you never found the thing like the snapped moment, this is just a sociopath, I don't know, a psychopath, maybe whatever from birth.


It's the guy standing in front of you in line at Starbucks and you'd never know. That's, that's what real serial serial killers are like. Another fascinating one is this, and he's accused, he's presumed in a innocent, just like everybody else we talked about today, I guess, but Rex Yerman, the Gilgo Beach, yeah, the accused Gilgo Beach killer. This guy ran an architect firm in midtown Manhattan, not far from where I'm right now. And that's, he had a family, they often have successful relationships, they have jobs, they're employed, and a lot of 'em, like Ted Bundy or Rodney Alcala are handsome and charming and have big giant and, you know, IQs. So it's, it's, it is really fascinating when you, when you get down into the nitty gritty of those things.


And another fascinating thing about serial killers, they all wanna represent themselves. And Rodney lc a represented himself himself in trial. He did against you. So I, against me and my, my co-counsel, Gina Satana from the Los Angeles DA's office, who I love to death, and we co-pro, we co tried that, the LA and Orange County cases, and we'd have to go in and deal with him face to face. And I'll tell you what, it was absolutely fascinating because you hear about that and it's like, who would get into a guy's car like that? And then you meet 'em and you see the charm and you see the intelligence and the humor and you can really get a sense of how, how manipulative they can be. And I dealt with him, disarm him face-to-face dis for six months probably during the course of that trial.


And it was fascinating and ultimately brought justice to all those families that have been waiting for, for so Long. Well, you write a book about how he thought right up into your closing argument, which gave it to him, both barrels that you liked him. So we had to figure out a way once he went, it's called pro per once. He went pro per and he fired his lawyers. Y you know, there are so many technical elements to a capital case trial that you, you basically, I mean it's really, there's two parts to it. Number one, your obligation is you have to treat them fairly and you have to ensure that their due process rights are scrupulously followed because you wanna do that, especially when you're talking about the death penalty.


Like the, the foremost job of a prosecutor is to be fair, even when you're dealing with a monster. But the second part of that is we had to move the trial along and they can gum up the gears so much. So when you went pro per Gina, you know, was like, what do we do now? I I don't wanna talk to this guy. And we basically decided that I would be, I would be the good guy. And every time we had to tell him no, which was all the time, I would just, I would just blame Gina. And you know, so he would ask for 10 crazy things a day and he'd be like, Hey Rod, sorry man, I don't know, I I would want it too if I were you, I don't know what her problem is today. She said, nobody. That's it. And that's how we moved the trial along. And you know, you've got jurors, you've got family members, you have to have some level of efficiency.


And that's how we did it. And it was so, it was my job basically to, you know, to talk to him and to, you know, to help him put on his trial and to kind of, you know, help him attach exhibits to attach evidence markers. And you know, I basically, I mean you're almost a strangely an assistant in helping them present their case to ensure that their constitutional rights are followed. But honestly, I thought it was fascinating. I I thought it was, and and lemme share a quick story with you. He, this is a guy who murdered a hundred people and he did it in the most sadistic, horrific ways you can imagine. And we had just sentenced a guy to death row who's a big scary skinhead, and I didn't know how it worked in, in California at San Quentin.


And they don't give us any training on that. You know, strangely, we get training in everything, but we don't, we don't get training on how San Quentin actually operates and they have different yards. So there's a, an additional classification when somebody is sentenced to death and they go to San Quentin, they have different groups of prisoners from, and they classify 'em from the most dangerous to the least dangerous. And they, so they're, they're divided up into what are called yards. And I, I asked Rodney one day, I'm like, Hey Rod, what's the deal with guys like Billy Joe that are going up there that aren't you afraid of him? Aren't you afraid that guys like that are gonna kill you? And he was almost offended. And he turned to me and he said, I'm on the weenie yard.


The name they gave themselves for the lightweights that aren't a danger to staff or each other, like Scott Peterson is on that. I got a, a few guys that I've sent up that are on the quote unquote weenie yard. And he looked at me and he said, Matt, you know me, I'm not violent. You know, fascinating, like little glimpse into the psyche of this guy. Like, I'm not violent, I'm not dangerous to anybody. It's, this is a guy who is smashing people's faces in with rocks and raping them repeatedly like this. He's as violent a human being as you get. He's monstrous, but in his own mind he's not a danger, he's not violent. So it was, it was a fascinating experience. And then, yeah, I got to closing argument and then he realized I was, I wasn't his buddy and, and I ripped him as hard as I think I've ever ripped a criminal defendant.


Yeah, we Actually, we have a little of that. Let's, let's watch. Oh boy, He's got no soul or feelings when you're talking about a guy like that who is hunting through Southern California looking for people to kill because he enjoys it. He gets off on the infliction of other, of pain on other people. He put new carpeting in his car. Who does that? What was that about? That last piece? So when they got to his house and served the search warrant, he had a, it was almost like a, it was like a, a mobile crime scene. He had this new Dotson station wagon and he had just kidnapped and murdered Robin Samso probably two weeks before.


And when we got there, all of the f all all of the, the, the carpeting in the car had been torn out and replaced almost certainly because it was bloody. So there was new brand new carpeting, there was also binoculars. The windows were heavily tinted before it was fashionable to do that. So it was basically, there were, there were maps, there was everything that you would expect a human predator would have in his vehicle if he was in the business of going out and finding people to get into his car so he could rape and murder them. It was absolutely fascinating. And then, and then they also, they found a receipt when they did that search warrant to a storage locker, But, it wasn't actually listed on the items they could take. So one of these police officers in a very heads up way, saw the address of this storage locker receipt and copied it.


'cause they couldn't take the document But, it was in plain sight. So he copied it, they transported, I'll call it a Huntington pd, and his sister came down and he, he was caught on tape telling her, Hey, you gotta get it to my storage locker and empty it. So it was a race and the police got there first and inside his storage locker they found a, a silk pouch, which was a trophy case, which had earrings and broaches and items of jewelry from, I mean, probably two dozen different women. And every one of them represented some murder victim that, because a lot of times serial killers will collect trophies of their kills and they, it's, it's almost like they go to school for it. It's a fascinating thing.


So there was only 1D NA hit and it came back to the legal secretary, Charlotte Lamb, who was brutally murdered in Santa Monica during this spree. Not, not long after what we just saw in the dating game, but they also found boxes and boxes and boxes of photographs of young boys, young girls, young women in positions of vulnerability. And we identified maybe half of those over the course of the investigations. Hundreds and hundreds of photos of these, of these unknown people taken by Rodney Alcala. He was a graduate of UCLA film schools who, he was a professional photographer and he, that was part of his ruse. That was the way he would get them in.


He would, he would say he was in a photo contest or you're a model. You, you're so beautiful, lemme take photos. And he would lure them into these positions of vulnerability. And there were just dozens and dozens and dozens of these people and we never learned who they were. And, and some of them we did connect to murders. The one in Wyoming wound up being, she was, she was in his photos. And then we also found a picture of a girl on roller skates girl. She was 16 named Lori Wortz. And it came back, she was connected to the day that Robin Samso disappeared. And, you know, every time a case gets reversed, you can't use the evidence that the court found objectionable. So it came back on my desk when I got it for the third retrial. There was a lot of evidence that had been removed by the appellate courts and there, you know, it's proper for them to do that.


But we had to, we had to set the timing. And this picture of this 16-year-old girl in a bikini on roller skates, we found a, a guy in the Navy that from the posts in the background, like the signposts, the shadows from the signpost, we were able to actually get, it's like a sundial. And this expert was able to give us the exact time that that photo was taken because the signs were still there. 30 years later, they were still in the same cement. And with the almanac, they were able to tell us the exact time. And from that we were able to figure out that Alcala was right up hunting Pacific Coast Highway in Huntington Beach right before Robin Samso got kidnapped. So I was ready to go before we started getting the DNA hits in la but when we got those, it, it changed the entire complexion of the case.


And, and he was convicted. He was sentenced to death the third time. Yeah. And he died a lonely death in California prison. Good. He's suffered thanks to Matt and his partner. This story is laid out among many others in The Book of Murder by Matt Murphy, which you should get right now. It just hit, I've got to talk to you about Dirty John. That's another one. My fellow true crime readers and watchers, dirty John. We all know this case, this scumbag who took advantage of all these, well-meaning women who thought that they were his only true love and all he was doing was fleecing them and stealing from them and using them. And then ultimately he was doing that to one woman who had two daughters and one daughter actively disliked him and really wanted nothing to do with him and tried to persuade the mom to Debbie to get him out of her life.


And the other daughter was nicer and tried to kind of go along to get along, but wasn't a fan, but kinda like just the peacemaker of the family. Her name was Tara. And it culminated a, as we've seen in the TV special, there was so many movies made about this case and this guy ultimately attacking Tara once Debbie got smart and kicked him out of her life in a parking lot. And I'll, I'm, I'll tell you this chapter and then I'll let you take it, Tara, the nice one, the quiet one. The sweet one unleashed hell on this guy. They say be a difficult victim and it did not go dirty John's way.


She came on my show at NBC News and here's a clip of her telling the story. First of all, have you, had you ever taken self-defense or anything like that? No. So it was, you were going all on instinct. Well, I watch a lot of like criminal mind shows walking bed. Unbelievable, Right? We all think that will help us, but in the back of our minds we tell ourselves probably not. So scissor kicks and all that you like pedal kicks. That was all just instinct and criminal minds. Okay. So Walking Dead, well, walking Dead, I Walking dead religious. So Walking Dead turned out to be critical towards saving Tara's life. Tell us how and why.


Well, when I got the knife from him, I just like stabbed him. I didn't give it a second thought, I just thought it's like, like it's him or me. And then also the last one was to the head and I think that's like, oh, the zombie kill. It's Amazing. How can, how can you talk about it? So matter of factly, Lots of therapy. There you go. Unbelievable. Matt, you prosecuted that case, you handled that case, but boy oh boy, Tara put an end to that guy. Yeah, isn't that incredible? You know, that was, I had a couple years left in homicide when that whole thing went down.


So that was a homicide that took place in Newport Beach. And the way Orange County was set up is it's called vertical prosecution. So you, when you rotate into sexual assault, and then for me then homicide, you get assigned a certain patch. So Newport was one of my cities. So every murder or every homicide that happened was essentially my responsibility to ensure the investigation was complete. And I would review it for the filing of potential criminal charges. So we would roll out to these crime scenes at the very beginning, my investigator and I, and you work with the same detectives over and over again. And it really is, I think a secure model for homicide, prosecutors and detectives. So that was in Newport, that was one of mine. And I got the call from the detectives on that.


And you know, the fundamental job of a prosecutor is to achieve justice. It's not to get convictions, it's to achieve justice. And sometimes that means your job is to clear somebody of any and all legal culpability for an event. And that one was one that quickly, I mean, you, you see Tara is just a lovely human being. She's since become a friend of mine. I mean, and, and so my job basically was to make sure that that, that, that she was cleared of all, of all criminal responsibility for that because this guy was trying to kill her. And inside his car, we found there, there was a, it was basically a, a catch and kill kit.


There was, there was duct tape, there was a loaded firearm. There was handcuffs. He was going to kill her. And, and after 17 years in homicide, I can tell you that story ends one way over and over again. And it ends up with the, the poor young woman in a ditch or down the side of some hillside. And that's how that story ends. And she's coming home with her dog. She had a Australian shepherd named Cash and John Mehan, who I think weighed 245 pounds. And it was athletic size too. This is a big athletic guy who was gonna murder her to, it's called Philide. He was gonna murder her to get revenge against her mom for divorcing him and the dog bit him.


And the fight was on and it was, there was a picture taken of Tara in the hospital bed because she was stabbed multiple times as well with that dog on her lap. Like she's on the bed and the dog is sort of on, on the foot of the bed. I'm the photographer in this suspicious way. Like, I will bite you too, If, you come near my mom. And yeah, just, it was a hero dog and a hero would be victim who refused to be a victim. And that was one that, you know, it started with online dating. And I, I have a whole section in that chapter on some of the things I learned about online dating gone wrong. And a lot of, I mean, tragically a lot of the, the murder cases you deal with in homicide start out where people meet each other online and what are some of the red flags, especially in that case, that guy was so bad and he, but he, he held himself out as a, as an anesthesiologist.


And I'll tell what, for anybody who, who, yeah, for anybody who hasn't seen it, they're Tawny Britton and Eric bna, I think it's Lifetime. They put together a series. Eric Bana is absolutely brilliant. And for that, I think there's, when that case went down, I it was too good a story not to share. So once we cleared it, I called my friend Chris God at the LA Times Bravo. And, and I'm like, dude, you gotta, you gotta share this with the world. I, I thought he'd write an article about it. He went putting together Dirty John and I think it's got 30 million downloads. I had all the sliders I could eat. I mean movie. There's a, there's so many podcasts about it. A series, podcast series about it. It's a fascinating case. And the, the book, The Book of Murder by Matt Murphy has got some lifesaving tips in there from a guy who's been on the good end of dealing with criminality for his whole life.


So you, you know, there are many of us who are into true crime, I think because we have issues. We were scared, we grew up in the seventies, whatever, there was a lot of murder everywhere. We're trying to work something out. But so it's an interesting read. You find out a lot about human nature, but you can also learn some tips that might save you and be a difficult victim is one of them. So in these two cases that we've talked about, in addition, I mean If, you wanna hear the Ed Chin ed Shin story, you gotta go back to our fraud week episode from June. But in the two we just discussed, there's one element of the crime solving that was important and that is the guy's car. What's, what was in the car? Like how, how did he lure people along? What, how did he use his vehicle?


And that is also the case with Brian Kohlberg, the guy accused of murdering these four Idaho students. And he was amazingly allowed to clean the car while the feds were allegedly watching him. I don't know whether they went and retrieved whatever he cleaned out of the car from the trash can that's never been admitted. If they did, and he just got a change of venue mat from Moscow, Idaho to Boise, I think maybe Boise, it looks like there's a, an administrative judge at a higher court who's now going to decide exactly where this case should land. And it looks like judge, judge the guy who, that's his actual name, who was overseeing this, is asking for this baton to be passed.


He doesn't wanna have to travel and try it someplace else. The defense sees this as a victory on at least two fronts. Number one, they don't want the case tried in the college town in which the murders were committed. And number two, they've been jumping up and down about genetic genealogy and they appear to have some suspicion that the feds crossed some unlawful lines in tracking down his name, that they had genetic DNA they had, that they had touch DNA on the knife sheath and that they were able to trace that to his dad in the Poconos.


And once you had his dad, you were very close to having him. And the belief may be that the feds somehow got to that name, you know, got from the touch DNA to the name of the father by doing something they shouldn't have. And if that's true, the defense believes it might have grounds to blow up this entire case because everything thereafter, the cheek swab that actually did show it was Brian's DNA is fruit of the poisonous tree as we learned about in law school. And you, you probably used that phrase a lot or had it used against you. So what do you make of these latest developments in Kohlberg? So as far as the change of venue goes, this is capital case litigation for the ninth Circuit.


So this is the Ninth Circuit court of appeal and it, you know, any death penalty case and, and they should, they, they undergo the highest level of appellate scrutiny. So when you have a small town like this, the defense's argument was can we really get a fair trial here? It is very rare that you see a change of venue Based on pretrial publicity because you can almost always find, it's called a binary, that's a jury pool where you can find 12 fair deliberating jurors. And I think they probably could have done that in the Moscow area as well. But this is sort of an abundance of caution where they don't want this to be an appellate issue. And I think that for death penalty cases in general in the western United States, it's, it's a bifurcated system.


Okay? So there's, there's a guilt phase and then there's a penalty phase with the same jury. And essentially what the judge's job is to make sure that the defendant gets a fair trial. But really what they're all concerned about is they don't want anything to go up that's even close where the case can be reversed. Rodney a perfect of destroyed the, so when the defense has a, has an argument that, hey, maybe we should move this, that was a very conservative, careful decision that I think at the end of the day is not gonna have a negative impact for the prosecution at all.


And I think it will have a really positive effect for this case on appeal as far as that DNA of argument goes, I think that's a loser for the defense. This is something that's been argued over and over again. You're talking about familial DNA, there were other things that that essentially brought the, the, the focus of suspicion onto Coberg. You know, there's video of his car, there's cell phone pings there, there's plenty of information. But as a general rule, DNA is not something that you can, when it's taken from the defendant, okay, If, you find if, if a search warrant is violated, you find a murder weapon in somebody's home, you can suppress that.


But this is, there's a concept known as inevitable discovery. And that exists in state Law as, yes, I argue this as well as federal Yes. In my, in my moot court competition, back when I was just a go we law student and we won, actually we lost in the finals, but I won a special award. Anyway, that was the whole thing, inevitable discovery. So if they can show they would've found this guy anyway, then, then They can get it in. But so you're saying even if they detected Brian Kohlberg's dad by doing something untoward by maybe accessing some database they shouldn't have the feds and so on, that you still like the prosecution's chances because the, they were driving at Brian Kohlberg through more than just the DNA on the knife sheath and it, he would've been inevitably discovered.


Yes. And you, and the remedy generally for DNA problems like this is you just retest the suspect. You know, he can, he can't change his D ns. DNA doesn't, doesn't change. So this is one of those things, and this is, this is the, the cutting edge of, of DNA forensics, basically it's called familial DNA and this, these are the cases that are getting made. Like, like one of mine, I prosecuted the Golden State Killer. I was the Orange County prosecutor, one of several prosecutors on that case. Every Case show ever heard of Matt Murphy was the da I mean, that's just the bottom line. Every case, keep going. The, Book of Murder. Well, You, you talk about a monster, the Golden State Killer was, was one of the worst I I have ever seen Joseph Angelo just a, the man was the devil.


But, but that was the case that was made with familial DNA and there are, and I, there's a bunch of others that didn't have a lot of media. You know, my Neil case outta Newport, which was a, a case from the early seventies, was a five-year-old girl who was kidnapped and, and murdered. There's, there's a whole rash of these things and they've been challenged and they have repeatedly been shut down by the courts of appeal. And so, you know, the Coberg defense team, they're doing what they have to do. I have no criticism for them. They're, that's their job is to ensure that their client gets fair trial and to present whatever issues they can, but they're pretty dramatic about a lot of things that they're doing. And I can tell you right now, I have That's a that sounds good, sounds good.


Especially to a lay audience that his DNA is that the DNA on knife shift on that knife sheet is going to be admitted against Brian Colberg in that trial. They're not gonna be able to successfully suppress it and it will be affirmed on appeal if, if he's convicted. Mm. So yeah, they, they, the Reason they're excited about the new judge is the old judge wasn't giving them all the discovery about that trail that they wanted. And so they're thinking, okay, we'll get a new judge now, maybe we'll get what we need. But you're saying that they should, they should hold their horses. They should, their their joy is a little premature. Enjoy it. Well, they got it. I mean, look, they, they, when I was trained, there was a guy named Chris Evans, who's now a superior court judge, and I, I love this guy.


He was one of my mentors in the DA's office, but I, when I was a baby da, and I'll never forget it, he came in and we were learning about providing discovery to the defense and he said, look, this is really simple. Make sure they have everything, give them absolutely everything and then just beat 'em with it. Okay? So, you know, the defense and cover should be entitled to everything. You know, give them everything and then just beat 'em with it. You've got those cell phone pings are incredibly damning against Brian Kruger. And I've reviewed that data and any competent prosecutor in front of any fair jury that, that is quite an argument. He turned his phone off in the direction of, of the, of the murders, you know, so he didn't just leave it at home, he took it with him, which is fascinating.


I mean, allegedly, of course he's presumed innocent, I to say that as an attorney. But look, the guy's a PhD student in criminology and he takes his cell phone with him. And so he's pinging in the direction of the murders and then he turned it off, which the, the prosecution's gonna argue is what's in his consciousness of guilt. And then he's gone just enough time to have committed these horrific murders. And then he turns his phone back on before he comes back and the defense is saying, oh, they can relay and all that. You hear that same defense in every murder case where cell phones are a part of the evidence and the jury gets it. There's, they're all, it's triangulation. It's not tough. The science isn't tough. They'll put up a map showing him pinging the long transponders in the direction of the murder.


They'll do the timing, they'll do the drives, they'll show the video of his car because that is his car. That plus the DNA, and I'm sure they have additional thanks from his computers, but apparently visited that house multiple times. He appears to have been very interested in, or perhaps obsessed about one of these young women or maybe more. And you know, this was a, this, I think that he went in there, you know, at least the prosecution will argue he went in. He wasn't expecting that other poor young woman to be in bed with his intended victim. And, you know, who was it? Mike Tyson, the great philosopher, said everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face. And that guy went in and everything went wrong. And, and, and he left. And he left that she there. That clearly was the, and I think the evidence against him is extremely powerful.


And it doesn't matter if it's a jury in Moscow that hears that or Boise or anywhere else in the state of Idaho, they're gonna be able to find 12 fair people. They'll assess this, they'll follow the law. And look, I think that the evidence against Brian Coger is overwhelming. Personally. We will be hopefully talking to you a lot as that trial gets started. Right now it's slated for June of 2025. It's been delayed so long. I mean, I just can't imagine how much later they could push it. But listen, everybody's gotta support Matt. The book is called The, Book of Murder, A Prosecutor's Journey Through Love and Death by Matt Murphy. It's out this week. Matt. Thank you. He Matt's hosting a live free virtual event on Thursday at 8:00 PM on Crime Cons, YouTube and Facebook channels.


That's very cool. Again, live free virtual event this Thursday, 8:00 PM Crime Cons, YouTube and Facebook channels with more stories from his book. Matt, all the best. Thank you so much for having me Megan. This is always fun. Good Luck with it. Alright, we'll thank you. Be right back.


Do you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns? Along with hiring tens of thousands of new agents and field officers, the IRS has been set sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or ballots is owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with 'em on your own. Instead, tax Network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved more than $1 billion in back taxes for their clients and they might be able to help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, they can help you. Whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help you finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call them at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the RS control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA's support and take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megan today.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed MGM sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good. The BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. BET MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 That's off for Puerto Rico. 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for Career Day and said he was a big row ads man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me To this day. Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I wanted to take a few minutes to talk about a very busy week last week. Maybe you noticed we were all over the country doing a bunch of different things and it was, it was great. Had some amazing conversations with some really interesting guys, most of whom you know, I hope. And I believe you remember Shawn Ryan what a guest and what a guy he was on the show back in May. It was such a powerful interview. This is a special man. And then he invited me to go on his show down in Nashville, Tennessee, which I did. And it was very cool. It was the longest interview I've ever given in my life. Four hours But.


it didn't seem that long. Sean has a way of keeping it going and he is just so thoughtful. He's a great interviewer. And so we wanted to bring you a couple of highlights. What do you think the final nail in the coffin will be If Trump wins again, That'll be the end. Yes. Because they'll do the same thing they did the first time. Everything will be negative. He'll be the devil incarnate. They will find their oppositional, you know, media roots again, which they totally forgot. During the Biden years you had, You had just mentioned that you were bullied as a little girl.


Why were you bullied? Why? Why? That's an interesting question I think. I think it's because I had a fairly big, not huge, but fairly big personality. So I attracted attention, which is somewhat dangerous when you're young, kind of always. It could be potentially dangerous, but you know, when you're young, most kids just wanna fly under the radar, have friends. I wasn't trying to get attention, I just had a large personality. What Do you think the key to a successful marriage is?


I definitely think it's using your most generous lens on your partner. Trying to interpret all behaviors through the lens of he loves me and I love him. That helps with so many things. And I also think it's important to say the thing that you don't wanna say, I have every belief in God and in a higher power and in something more for us on the other side. And on the last side, you know, before we got here, as I said, I just haven't figured out how I interact with it. It was a great conversation. It was like therapy for me frankly, but not traumatic, you know, like Sean knows just how far to push you without pushing you over the edge or at least that's, that was my experience there.


But like in that one question, you know, why were you bullied? Isn't that an interesting question? That's how he is. He thinks of questions like that and what a thoughtful sweet guy. Loved my time down there. Then on Monday last week I was in Los Angeles to talk to the guys from the All In podcast. You know, our pal, David Ss, he's on the show all the time at their yearly all in Summit conference. Now I love that they do this because they are actual tech gurus. These guys are billionaires, they're extremely successful. And the only person who's been doing like the really successful tech conference is that villain, Kara Swisher, who is a leftist who hates everyone who's not as far left as she is.


So they're giving her a run for her money. They're getting all the big names. Elon was there and I met him backstage more on that in a second. So I love that they're doing it at all. And all the people, there were these young, smart, successful tech guys and gals. The audience was really dynamic. And I got to know the other co-host who I didn't know. I know David Sachs, of course. David Friedberg. Hass been on the show once before. So is Jay Cal, Jason Calis, who, well, you know, there was an incident when he came on, but I like him and Cha Math was there as well. And we all spoke, spoke to close out the first day of their conference right before Elon came on.


Here's a look at that. And then what about Hillary Versus Kamala? Oh god. Well Hillary was smart. The problem for Kamala Harris is she's not smart. She's not a deep thinker. She's very surface level. Yeah, she's giggling just like that all The time. Spicy. Megan, tell us how you feel. Really be Honest. And it's a cover, it's an obvious cover, right? It's like she gets to the point where she doesn't know what she's saying, even she doesn't know what she's saying and it's like, ah. And so you feel uncomfortable watching her and then she gave her first interview to CNN and suddenly if, if that's drunk Kamala suddenly we're dealing with hungover Kaa.


Like my values haven't changed. Like clearly somebody had told her you cackle we're outta here. Yeah, Right. What did you think about her bringing her emotional support White guy? Exactly. Her emotional support governor. He was her big white blankie. Like I, I mean that made no sense. Like it seemed like a terrible strategic decision. Like who's making the decision to do that? I agree. I objected to the whole thing. I think he was there for two, two purposes. One was yes, in case she got in real trouble. He could step in. Yeah. And the other was to suck up some of the airtime. So she had a couple of fewer questions to answer. Got It. We look at the five cases, you know, six months from now, a year from now.


Let's assume all five of them go to trial. He's guilty of three so far. Wait, What do you, what do you mean he's guilty of three so far? What he's Talking about? Wait, he's been convicted of three. Sorry, What do you even know? He hasn't, I love this. The no Eugene car, Eugene Carroll was guilty. That was not a conviction. That was a civil case. Okay, well, yes. So that's what I'm talking about. So that one, okay, But there's a big difference. It it's still, he was convicted, he was guilty in of that he got settlement in the Yeah, in the Trump organization. They're guilty there again, CFO with civil, civil, liable. Liable. Yes, of course. But we, these are the cases we're talking about. And in the third one, you know, she's the lawyer, right? Yeah, of course. And in the third one, I'm just talking about the five cases. Yes. Some are civil obviously and, and some, some are not.


Some are criminal. But if we look at all Five pages, you said three convictions, now you're walking it back. I'm not walking it back. There's three in which he was, you Should walk it back. Okay Guys, I'm so glad Megan is here. The five three of them, he's either guilty or He got a bad result. Yeah, got a bad result. There are two more. If he is found guilty of those two more Megan and five of five, he had a bad result. Way to frame it. Will, will you chalk all five up in your mind to five different jurisdictions, five different prosecutors, five different juries and or judges all conspiring to get him? 100%. Okay. Yes. That's all I wanted to hear your answer to.


Five of five, five different jurisdictions. You think it's All longer mean aging, Carol, they, they changed the law so that she could bring a civil lawsuit against him. And she did. New York jury, New York went 87% for Joe Biden. That, that, that fix was in right from the start. The fraud trial that Letitia James brought against him has never been brought. There's no victims. The banks who were involved said, we didn't lose a penny. What are we doing here? We weren't damaged. Nobody was complaining except Tisch James who ran for office saying, I will get him. Then you have Alvin Bragg, who's a George Soros funded prosecutor who doesn't like to prosecute any crime in New York City where I live for 17 years, except if your name is Donald Trump. Let's go down to Georgia, where Fannie Willis and Nathan Wade couldn't keep their libidos in check long enough to actually bring this case against Donald Trump.


It's a repeat of what was happening in January 6th up in the case with Judge Checkin who loath Trump and is sentenced almost every J six defendant to way more jail time than their counterparts would get. Those are falling apart because of presidential immunity, which was handed down by the Supreme Court who said, you cannot bring a criminal case against a sitting president for any official act. Those cases are have been gutted. Also a Supreme Court ruling saying the same on January 6th. Defendants in general. And that leaves us with Florida and the documents. And Trump has torn that apart because Jack Smith wasn't properly appointed and isn't the right counsel. But there are other issues. They haven't even gotten to presidential immunity there. And so that one's going nowhere as well. And by the way, they're gonna peel it up to the 11th circuit.


She just threw it out. The 11th Circuit is conservative and thank God so is the current Supreme Court. They're not gonna tolerate that nonsense. Let me Ask you about, I think lemme just you, I think J Cal, I think J Cal just lost his right to ever bring up law again. We had fun. I, you know, I appreciated J Cal bringing that up because obviously he knew I was a lawyer and he's not. So that was, I think that was him being generous to me. That was him being kind. I appreciated it and I loved being out there. And I met Elon Musk, who I've never met before. It was very cool. He is truly larger than life. He came backstage and it's like, oh my God. It's like the sea's parting, you know, there's Elon and we had a very nice exchange.


I said, I shook his hand and I said, thank you for saving free speech in America. And he said, same to you. Which was very sweet. But man, he really has, he really has. Think about all the things we can talk about now in a, in an honest way that we couldn't before he took over Twitter. Now x I'm sincerely grateful to him. I'm sure you know why. I'm sure you can feel it too. And then last Thursday, well completed my nationwide tour in Kansas City, Missouri with my pal Tucker Carlson. He's got a live tour right now and asked me to join him in Kansas City. And I was happy to do it. I met so many great people.


Oh my gosh. Normally, you know, you do the photo line and sometimes they push you through those things so fast and that that it isn't fun for anybody. It's not fun for them. But it. It was so fun. I loved the photo line. I love talking to Tucker. He is such an interesting interviewer. He goes to, you never know where he is gonna go. And I think he thinks the chaos of the whole thing adds to it, which I think is true. It's, you know, we had thousands and thousands of people there. It went over big and had a lot of viral clips that maybe you saw, but loved being together again. It was particularly fun to be sort of on the outside together. Here's a bit of that one. I Come here and someone was like, are you gonna ask her about Taylor Swift?


I've got thoughts. So Screw you. Taylor Swift. She turns around, not only does she pick a side in a hotly contested presidential election, alienating at least half of her fan base. But she says the reason she's voting for Kamala Harris is because of Tim Wall's. L-G-B-T-Q stance. Do you know what Tim Walls has done on the L-G-B-T-Q front? Tim Wa let me, lemme tell you what's gonna happen. Okay, what? Here's what's gonna happen. A a little girl sitting in Wisconsin who's maybe on the spectrum, maybe has acne, maybe is a little heavyset, maybe feels upset 'cause her parents are getting divorced.


Something like that is going to find herself down a rabbit hole on Reddit. And her parents aren't gonna know because they're gonna divorce and they're not focused on her right now. And she's gonna spend hour after hour on that thing. And Reddit's gonna tell her she's actually a boy and she's gonna get sucked into this gender cult. And she's gonna say, mom and dad, I want puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones, which will sterilize her and deprive her of all sexual pleasure for the rest of her life. And they're gonna say, no, you're a girl. And she's gonna say, but I want, I want top surgery. This benign thing, this double mastectomy where I'll have tubes coming out of me and I'll never breastfeed a child. I want that too because I'm a boy. And they're gonna say no. And she's gonna go to a judge in Minnesota and because of Tim Waltz, the court will take custody of her, use the Medicaid funds in Minnesota to provide her all of those things, chop off her breasts, sterilize her with the puberty blockers into the cross-sex hormones.


And when this girl inevitably comes to the conclusion that she didn't want any of this, that it only added to her problems, which were the divorce and the acne and the puberty and not any trans issue, who is she gonna go to? Then? This is all because of Tim Wal. That's what Minnesota is doing right now to little girls and boys taking custody away from the parents so that they can have these procedures without any loving parent there to help. And that's what Taylor Swift just endorsed for your children. So screw you, Taylor Swift. You were describing how Rich Taylor Swift is. Why isn't she happy? Good question. I mean, listen, I, there's, what is she like 32?


I don't know what she's, she's, she's young. She's never had a relationship at work. She makes a lot of money about off of writing about it. That could be part of the problem. Like to the, for the reasons you were just discussing. When you find true love, when you have somebody who loves you unconditionally, you know, warts and all, that's everything. And she hasn't been able to find it. She's made a lot of money off of it. And I think she travel from city to city without the grounding that you have, that I have, that hopefully all of you have. And maybe she's feeling untethered, maybe she's feeling empty and lost and maybe she wants other people to make similar decisions in life as she has. Hmm. By the way, she's 34 years old.


That whole thing is just so annoying. That still brings up something for me. Just what Tim Wal is doing, what Minnesota's doing. And it's not just Minnesota, it's just dark, dark, dark, dark. Give me a break on your stupid joy message. You're not causing joy for the kids who are gonna get cut up in Minnesota because of you. So God bless Tucker, he talks about everything. Had some interesting moments on Jeffrey Epstein and just such a kind and generous man. Great to see him again. We've had a long history and we talked a little bit about that too, and how we first kind of got to know each other and what our experience was a bit at, as he put it, that place we used to work at Every stop Folks mention the success of this show.


And that is all thanks to you guys. I'm so grateful to you and my team is too. Got to see them out at the All In Summit. We all, we all went, a bunch of us, not all of us, but some of us went out there and it was so fun. We talked about how much the audience means not just to me, but to my producers too. They know you're out there. They know, like we all have an image of who we're writing for and producing for and anchoring for. And to see you in person. Like I got to at the Kansas State Missouri event and at the All in event, that was really special. Gosh, I mentioned this the other day, but just to actually like touch hands with the folks who are listening and watching to hug some of the folks who are listening and watching was really gratifying.


I feel the connection to you in the same way. I hope you feel it to me. So thank you for letting us go on this ride and for being along with us. While we all do it together, I think in some areas we're really making a difference, but the real purpose is just to stay informed, keep our senses of humor. And yes, stay connected. So thanks for joining me today and every day and see you next time. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, the BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, these sports book Born in Vegas. BET m GM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800. That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3. Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like All Birds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout. Allbirds Jesus. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/pandora. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's shopify.com/pandora.