
You want a fast, reliable connection for all the streaming, gaming and internetting you love. You need Xfinity Internet with gateway's engineered to handle hundreds of devices at once. Visit xfinity.com to learn more. Xfinity, bring on the good stuff. Restrictions apply, not available on all areas.


When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. That's what you might do when you hear Discover will automatically double the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cash back match. Wait, what? Yep, double the cash back is something so good. You might do a triple take. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey Everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to a special edition of the Megyn Kelly Show. We are live on youtube.com/ m Kelly and also on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11. And here we are again. Two months and two days after the first assassination attempt on our former president's life. We have yet another, yet another. An assassin somehow got by near the fifth hole at Trump's golf course down in Florida, the International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, shortly before 2:00 PM with an AK 47 and was apparently determined to kill former President Donald Trump.


Most importantly, the former president is safe at this hour. This we know. He released a statement a short time ago saying There were gunshots in my vicinity. But before rumors start spiraling out of control, I wanted you to hear this first. I am safe and well. Nothing will slow me down. I will never surrender. I will always love you for supporting me. Unity, peace. Make America great again. How many times is this man gonna have to go through this? How many times are we gonna have to go through this? Eric Trump said to Sean Hannity and he nailed it. My father's running out of lives here. How many rifles are going to be in firing range of my father?


Good question. According to reports, the incident happened around 2:00 PM It was at Mr. Trump's golf course, as I said in West Palm Beach. This is a private golf course. You cannot get in. Not just anyone can, can come on the the course Right now, it and the area are engulfed in law enforcement personnel. As you can imagine. Reports say the former president was between the fifth and sixth hole. When it happened, an armed suspect was spotted by the secret service detail protecting President Trump. And they were traveling about two holes ahead of where the former president, president was golfing.


This is apparently the protocol that they have set up for him and they noticed someone there. It was about 300 to 500 yards away from Donald Trump. As they ran over to the suspect, he fled the scene. Local authorities tracked down the car. One person was taken into custody. This man had an AK 47 style weapon scope and a GoPro camera on the scene. It appears he meant to tape or video in some way, the act of carnage. He was planning. So he is alive and well right now in the custody of the feds, which is a good thing because we will have the opportunity to learn more about this man.


And you can bet right now the Secret Service, the FBI and others are going through this guy's social media. I'm sure they're at his home and interrogating him while in custody about what was behind this assassination attempt. He did not fire shots he was shot at according to the officials. And I'll give you just some details as we bring in our guests, our first guests. I'll play the soundbite first from the FBI presser. This is West Palm Beach Sheriff Rick Bradshaw describing exactly what happened here. Watch this One 30 this afternoon.


Call came out, shots fired. That was called in by the Secret Service. Fortunately, we were able to locate a witness that came to us and said, Hey, I saw the guy running out of the bushes. He jumped into a black Nissan and I took a picture of the vehicle and the tank, which was great. We were able to get hit on that vehicle on I 95 as it was headed into Martin County. And they spotted the vehicle and pulled it over and detained the guy. After that, we took the victim, I'm sorry, the witness that witnessed the incident took, flew him up there and he identified as the person that he saw running out of the bushes that jumped into the car.


Now in the bushes where this guy was, is a eight K 47 style rifle with a Scope two backpacks, which were hung on the fence, that had a ceramic tile in 'em and a GoPro, which he was gonna take pictures of. Hmm, joining me now. Buck Sexton, former CIA agent and Bill Stanson as well. Both our former NYPD guys. Thank you for being here. I wanna tell the audience that while we don't have an ID on the shooter or attempted shooter at this moment, we do have a tweet from Carol Markowitz who reports for the New York Post and has been on the show many times with what she says is a picture of the man.


We were told by the police. He's 58 years old, we saw a picture from Carol. Again, we have not yet verified this. We have not heard law enforcement verify this, but she is down in Florida. She moved to Florida a year or two ago, and it does show a man appearing to be about that age a white man. There's not much to describe other than that. But we're Carol's gonna join us momentarily and explain exactly what she saw and how she has this photo. So when she pops in, I'll put you guys on standby and we will talk to her. Let me start with you on it, buck. As somebody who is former CIA and, and we've been talking about this for a while, what's happened to former President Trump? What do you make of what we know so far and why don't we have more from the authorities now, since they clearly have him in custody, they definitely know what his name is and they know a lot more than they're disclosing to us.


Well, there's ob, there's obviously a lot coming in Megan, and I think to call this a second wake up call would be to, to minimize at some level what the threat environment has become, which is and just entirely intolerable when it comes to President Trump's safety. I mean, we got the first time around by, by a miracle. And we were talking about that right after it happened. By some miracle, president Trump wasn't killed by the first shooter this time around. The law enforcement response was better, at least in this regard. They shot before shots were able to be fired at President Trump on the golf course. But, it does seem that there's clearly not enough advanced security work being done by Secret Service.


I was very clear before when I came on after the first, now we have to put numbers to them, right? The first assassination attempt. The second assassination attempt. After the first assassination attempt, it was quite clear that Secret Service failed miserably. And of course, the secret service director ended up being fired as, as was well deserved. And there are others who I believe have been put on essentially in paid leave while They being, well, wait, was she, was she officially fired or was she allowed to resign? She resigned. She resigned under, I mean, she resigned under pressure. That's Part of the, but that's part of the irritating, to put it mildly things about what we're watching here. We, you know, the accountability or lack thereof. Go ahead. Sorry. Finish your thought. I mean, no, Nobody in DC as you know, Megan is really fired.


They're all told you resign or I'm about to fire you, Your point. But she deserve to be fired. Yes, I know, but some people deserve to be fired. This is actually the point Donald Trump was making of the debate the other night that they don't fire anybody in this administrations only he fires people. It's true. Sorry, keep going. No, it's fine. I mean, just from, from the security perspective, let's just take a look at what we know and what happened. First of all, something bizarre occurred in the reporting of this. I I, I live in South Florida. I live in Miami Beach, and I have a lot of friends, including Carol Markowitz will be with us shortly who are down here. We have tons of contacts in law enforcement. We know, you know, when you're closer to these things, you hear about them more quickly. Long before this hit the wires, I was getting text messages. I think someone just took shots at Trump again. Right. And then there was this reporting after it broke publicly.


Oh no, they weren't intending to hit President Trump. H how, how there was this period of time for about an hour, I think today where that was the storyline. Yep, I saw it. I wanna know, I wanna know how that came up. That's just utterly bizarre. The Trump golf course is in a pretty nice part of West Palm Beach. Not a lot of shootouts in broad daylight, you know, in the early afternoon going on There with an AK 47, With an AK 47, with a scope on it. I mean, it's not, you know, so, so something was very weird with that. I, I can't give you more, other than that just seems completely bizarre in retrospect. Look, secret service fired before he could be fired upon this time. But how somebody could get within the effective range of a scoped AK 47 and be in a position to threaten the life of President Trump a couple of months here before less than two months before the election, after what happened here.


It's, it's a massive challenge, I think, to the security situation or rather massive challenge to those who think the security situation is in hand. And just beyond that, Megan, the politics of this are, are, you can't separate them. I mean, they've been saying President Trump is a threat to democracy and will destroy the country if he wins again. And they keep saying it even after he took a bullet in the ear. And now another lunatic probably decided, Hey, I'm gonna save the country and be a hero because I'm a psychopath and I'm gonna try to assassinate a president. You know, we're in a very high threat environment and the, the rhetoric from the Democrats is completely irresponsible about this stuff. And they have not changed at all, even after Trump was shot.


Here's, here is a discussion, a q and a with the local authorities when they just had a pressor on why President Trump did not have more secret service protection. A man who already almost had his life taken two months ago. How was this able to happen? And for future reference, is there any up security of a golf course? Well, you gotta understand, the golf course is surrounded by shrubbery. So some, when somebody gets into the shrubbery, they're pretty much out of sight, alright? And at this level that he is at right now, he's not the city president. If he was, we would've had this higher golf course around it. But because he's not, the security is limited to the areas that the Secret Service deems possible.


So I would imagine that the next time he comes at a golf course, there'll probably be a little bit more people around the perimeter. Unbelievable Bill. So he's the, you know, he is the foreign president, so he doesn't have adequate secret service to, to meet the moment, which, you know, I guess if you're talking about like George W. Bush that maybe that would make some sense. But he literally almost got shot in the brain. Two months ago We were talking about this and you were one of the first on am Meghan And. it was literally a couple of hours afterwards before the prop, the press, as I call them, tried to suppress the real information. What you are seeing here is overall lethargy.


I think the Secret Service needs a total audit from the top down, bottom up. And they have to get squared away correctly. My understanding, when that report comes out, it's gonna show glaring mistakes and just, I guess complacency and, and lethargy in how they act and react. The fact that they didn't get this guy that he got that close is a prime example of how desperately the Secret service. While they're individually, I think they're willing to put their lives on the line as an institution, as an agency, they really need an overhaul. It is unbelievable to me that they wouldn't have beefed up his Secret Service protection to the point where it equaled Yes, equaled that of the sitting president of the United States.


Speaking of whom, no statement from him. We've gotten a statement from Kamala Harris. We've gotten one from JD Vance so far, absolutely nothing from the sitting president of the United States. Is he? Is he there? Does he know that this has happened? We have no idea, guys, stand by. Okay. Just stand by. Five minutes. Carol's here. I wanna bring her on. I don't wanna lose you two, but I wanna hear from her because she's got, she's got more information than anybody else does on this, at least so far. Okay. Carol, Carol Markowitz, thank you for joining us. You've got this picture of what you say is the shooter. Do we have a name?


'cause I'm now seeing one reported online. We do. His name is Ryan Ruth. That name is the name that I have. And that is a photo. R-O-U-T-H r's OUTH. That's okay. So, so this is Carol breaking this picture of him. Ryan Ruth, just for the, for the listening audience, it is a man hold in what appears to be a, a peach or a pink shirt, which is, looks like it's being pulled up over his head. He's got sunglasses on the top of his head. He looks skinny. He's got some sort of blue pants or jeans worn low. And he looks like his age of about late fifties. They said 58.


Go ahead Carol. So tell us what you know. So I know that he was, he somehow managed to escape from West Palm Beach from the golf course and they got him nearby. His social media is largely about foreign affairs. He talks a lot about recruiting people to go fight in Ukraine. He has some anti-Israel posts about how Jews were not native to the land. And that's basically the story with, with him. He doesn't have anything about Donald Trump. Nothing about Kamala Harris that I've seen. Although of course this is all very early and maybe he has multiple accounts and we're gonna find out more as the story progresses.


It's really interesting to me that this guy is 58 and not 22, right? Yeah. How many times have we seen in these mass shootings that it's, it's a young man between the ages of 18 and 25 who we later find out snapped in some way, had schizophrenia, had a mental break, 58 is different. I'm sure they know by this point in local law enforcement or the FBI, whether this guy's got a history of mental health issues. But in scouring the social media, what you know of the social media, does he sound like a lunatic? What does he, or does he just sound like a politically charged guy? He, he definitely sounds, I'm not a medical health professional, this is completely my opinion, but he sounds off, he's recruiting people to go to war in Ukraine.


He's saying he needs Afghan soldiers to go. It's sort of all over the place. So you got this picture from law enforcement or from somebody close to law enforcement, I assume. And did you get any other details about what's likely to happen to this guy now, or what is happening to him? I, I don't have any other details other than the photo and the social media account that I posted some information about that. That's it, that's all that I have. Have they pulled it yet, Carol? I haven't had the chance to go look at it until, since we got his name. It Just broke. His name just came out just as we were going on. So I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. It's crazy the amount of information that's coming at us, but we're glad, thank you so much for coming on.


Thank you for thank tweeting up. Tweet the photo. It'll, it may be the only look we get at, at this guy for some time. You're the ba Carol Markowitz. What a remarkable, get good for her. It just goes to show you, you know, you, you get, you develop your sources, you work your sources, you develop trust with your sources and ideally your sources will trust you in a time like this. And that's exactly what just happened to Carol. The back to Bill and Buck. Now, from the, the presser that they had moments ago, they said, yes, there's an agent who goes one hole ahead of the president at a time. In this case it was a couple of holes ahead and this guy was able to spot the man with the rifle sticking out of the fence, the rifle sticking out of the fence.


And that suggests to me Bill Stanton that he might not have been on the course. I don't know what the course looks like, but if there's a fence and the rifles sticking out of it, it sounds like this guy might have been on the other side of the fence. I'm really not clear because it looks like he ran and he successfully ran, he did escape capture from the cops initially. Yeah, I, I actually live out in Palm Beach part-time, and I'm gonna supposed to leave today. I'm gonna go check that area out. And to your point, he obviously wanted to take a shot at the president. This now seems to be in vogue and understand the volatile rhetoric. When you say, if you are a politician, and you are saying that President Trump is an existential threat, they call him Hitler, these people view themselves.


Every bad guy doesn't view themselves as a bad guy. He's looking at himself, I'm guessing, as a savior. And they essentially, all these people that are calling President Trump, Hitler, he needs to, he cannot get elected. You are an in effect, putting a target on his chest. And this needs to be addressed both by the politicians and by the Secret service, by enhancing security many times over. But before I go back to Buck, can, can you tell me, bill, how does a guy in the United States 'cause get his hands on an AK 47? I mean, if that's in fact what this guy had, that is a true weapon of war that would be illegal in all 50 states.


Nowhere is that an, an, a lawful weapon for an American citizen to have? Well, if it's a full auto, they make AK 47 semi-auto, like they makers that are semi-auto, you know, they makers that are nine millimeter. I own one of them. So we don't know the true make and model. But if it is and true AK 47, that can go from single to semi-auto to full auto, you know, unless he has some specific licenses that allow him, unless he has a federal firearms license, then he's committed, you know, got it on the black bucket, you know, under the table. He shouldn't have it at all to be walking around with an AK 47, if this is accurate.


And that no one's seen him until that rifle was spotted through the fencing. You know, that's a big glaring faux par in my opinion. Oh my God. Because Buck, it's like this guy, it seems like he drove up to the, to the hole. This is my speculation again, just based on, they said that the gun was coming through the fence and the Secret Service spotted it, drove up to the hole, whipped out an AK 47, and was lying in, wait for the former president of the United States to walk by, by some miracle, these Secret Service agents actually saw the gun coming through the fence, which probably wasn't that easy to spot because they said it was through the bushes and chased the guy at some point opened fire on the guy.


And yet the guy nonetheless made it away. I mean, this is like, this is, it's too easy. He, here's here's the, the, I think the, the recognition, Meghan, that is dawning upon everybody right now. Did we really learn anything from the first assassination attempt? Have they taken security much more seriously for President Trump in the aftermath of him taking a bullet through the ear that was an inch away from killing him? You see this, and I know they're going to say that this is, you know, a, a, a movement that I think the, the, the reports are that it was off schedule so the public wouldn't be, wouldn't know about this. But in West Palm, this guy's on this golf course, Trump is on this golf course all the time, and everybody who lives in this area, and Bill knows this, you know where the president is because there's a bunch of secret service guys around.


And it's not hard to figure out that there's, you know, pattern and pattern analysis that work here for this bad guy to understand when president, you know, it's a Sunday, president Trump probably gonna be golfing and this is where he is gonna be golfing. And you can even see that, you know, Trump Force one is parked at the Palm Beach Airport and you know that he's around, right? So it's not hard to figure out where he is going to be that they would treat this as meeting the golf course in this area as somehow not worthy of the absolute highest level of security as though he were having a public event is crazy. And I think that that's what we're gonna find out happened here. It sounds like the guy went up to the fence with an AK 47 and if he had been able to get shots off on the president, we could be facing the same tragedy that was unthinkable two months ago.


Could have happened today. Look, secret service got four to six shots off depending on, according to the press conference. I'm wondering if it was with a side arm or a long gun, four to six shots not hitting the target from the advanced team. That's not particularly precise work, curious to know what happened there. They're also firing in an urban area. You generally want to actually hit your target. But I do think that there was probably a sense from these secret service officers who were out at the hole in advance of President Trump. You know, we're, we're not gonna wait and call this in and call it back in and you know, there's a guy with a gun trying to kill the president. We're gonna fire. That is progress compared to what we saw in Pennsylvania. It's limited progress, but it's progress to be sure.


And, and, and now, I I think you're gonna see more and More people asking how can the president feel safe doing anything at this point if he can't golf on a Sunday and was effectively his backyard on a course that he owns after he was already, you know, we already got the warning, right? We already got the wake up call the first time around. Did we heed that? Who's in charge of the resources at DHS for the Secret Service detail? Have they dramatically ramped up? How could this be a dramatically ramped up? Megan, one of the problems from the first assassination attempt was that it told every lunatic across the world, but certainly across America, that it's not that hard to get a shot off on President Trump. In fact, it's not hard at all.


And now you have other people who are thinking, gee, I could probably do the same thing. And that's what happened with this individual. Not to mention that we now have a second guy who has very limited, it seems social media presence online, not gonna be talked about that much. I mean, maybe we'll find out a lot more information. I know it's early in that whole part of the process, but we certainly didn't find out very much at all about the first shooter other than, you know, he was able to get an multiple aim shots off at President Trump. So this is another failure of security to be sure. I mean, the guy got a loaded gun with a scope on it at the golf course when President Trump is there and had to be fired upon in order to stop him from taking shots at the president. You know, there's this term, just real quick, I don't, I mean, bill, you're very patient with me.


I'm sorry, I'm, I'm very fired up about this. But there's this term, stochastic terrorism that the left often uses Democrats often use, which is borrowed from mathematics and it's effectively statistically likely, but uncertain, right? As in it's gonna happen. You don't know who's gonna do it. You don't know when it's gonna happen. But if you have enough in the era, if you have enough numbers so to speak, it's going to, they say this, whenever something bad happens to somebody that they can pin on Donald Trump, they'll say, oh, a person somewhere did a hate crime. It's stochastic terrorism from Trump, Meghan, they've been telling half the country that President Trump is going to end the republic. And I don't mean they as in crazy people in internet chat rooms, CBS news, CNN, the New York Times, they are saying President Trump is, bill said it, Hitler, a fascist going to end the country.


If they really believe that, how is that not directly encouraging exactly what we are seeing. Again, no one's taken a shot at a president in 40 years since Reagan. Now we've had two in two months, I think. Sorry. Oh my God. But you know, I I I think we're all recognizing what's going on here. Yeah, that's perfect with that. But we're recognizing that this is not gonna stop For the listening audience. When Buck did, did the tune number, it caused the balloons to go off. Balloons went off. Sorry about that, everybody, his, His YouTube feed, his zoom feed that happens sometimes the weirdness of technology. I do wanna underscore something about this man's name. Carol reported it with her source, who we are presuming is someone in law enforcement.


That's the only person who would've had that shot of his body with his arms going up. And it's all over online now. But to be clear, we have not yet had official law enforcement officers or sources come out and confirm that that is the picture or the name as we reported a moment ago. So we'll see. They, they'll, they will, they'll come and they'll tell us who it is. If it is that man as reported, he does have bizarre tweets. There's one complaining that Trump would never go and do anything for the injured people at his first assassination attempt and urging Kamala Harris to go, I'm not gonna get into the specifics until we know whether this is him and read specific tweets word for word.


But, you know, the irony, of course, is that Trump got hit this week for, for letting it slip that he had given a million dollars to the family of the fallen firefighter who got shot at his first, at his rally in Butler, Pennsylvania when he, they, they took a shot at Trump. It's okay. So I haven't looked into that. I don't know whether that's true. But my point is simply Trump did do something for the family. Trump is always said to be some sort of a demon by people who don't know or understand the man. He's controversial. That's true. But at least half of that is because of the way the media chooses to cover him so irresponsibly, right?


Suggesting for an example that he's this far right extremist on abortion, which he's the most moderate Republican president on abortion, I think in US history. Yes. He appointed these three judges. Look, find me a Republican who appointed a judge who is not pro-life to the US Supreme Court. It didn't happen. My point is simply, they're always irresponsible when it comes to Trump rhetoric And. it makes its way into the bloodstream of the populace. And that's not to say that anybody who said one specific thing is directly responsible for this nutcase, whether he's clinically nuts or not, is irrelevant for the purposes of this discussion. But of course it makes its way into this guy's bloodstream and social media feed and so on.


And the next thing we know, as Buck just said, two, not one, but two in two months. Bill, I wanna I wanna bring it back down to you, to you for one second, because one of the things, you know, law enforcement is gonna be looking at right now is whether he was working with anyone, whether he had any sort of an accomplice. You know, how do they even begin to start figuring that out? Well, they're going to do a full scrub of his telephonic, you know, texts and phone calls. They'll have, they're probably already in his social media, his cell phone. They're gonna do that. What my first inclination, my knee jerk reaction here is what the far left is doing is they're making people become self radicalized just like the terrorists are doing, you know, out in the Middle East where they hope to self radicalize acts of terrorism.


That's what we kind of sort of see going on here. Buck would know a lot more of that than I where they, you give enough, as you put into the bloodstream of these people, some of them that obviously have mental illness and they take it upon themselves to save the republic because we will lose the republic if this person ever gets reelected as president, that's what's be being put out in the zeitgeist. And they are taking all that hate and rhetoric from the cyber world and they're transposing it into the real one. They get their hands on a weapon weapon and unfortunately based on history, it's not gonna stop with two. And that's whats really scary. I just add to what, what Bill's saying, just real quick, bill, I think you're making a really key point for the people that are being radicalized.


They're being radicalized by watching CBS evening news or CNN or reading the New York Times. That's the right, this isn't Anwar Alaki videos that you have to go into some special chat room and know the password and get asked Quranic verses so that they know you're not a fed. Right? This is the most mainstream of mainstream. Trump is a threat to the republic. Trump is an autocrat. Trump needs to be stopped. That's what they're saying, right? I mean, this is the problem is that it's not coming from the fringe at all. And how long did it pause after assassination attempt number one buck about one week It got him through his convention. That was it. It resumed immediately thereafter.


Yeah. Well this is, this is the narrative. They have sold the Democrats, and I think it's the only way that they can create this, this delusion of a moral high ground as they shove aside old man Biden, without actually having Kamala Harris win a primary vote, a single primary vote, and then have her lie about every position she's taken for the last, oh, I don't know, two decades, and present herself as some kind of an enigma that we can figure out the reality of who she is after the election. It's because Donald Trump, all these phrases, existential threat, you know, end of the republic, undermining our institutions, an autocrat, a fascist. We've all seen this. And these are on the covers of magazines from supposedly intellectual and, and serious publications.


They're neither intellectual nor serious. But that's at least the reputation among, among Democrats. And, and I I don't think that it's, it's a coincidence at all that, that they all of a sudden are, are changing, you know, that they change their tune for a few days. They go back to this. I mean, I think this has kind of been the strategy quite honestly, is that they're gonna continue to demonize him and they're gonna continue to push that. He is awful, because otherwise they'd have to turn around and look the Democrats in the eye and say, we've been lying to you not just for four years, but really from the beginning of the Trump presidency. I think it's reckless Meghan, and I think that there should be a backlash against this kind of stuff. I would never go in the air. You would never go in the air Bill would never go in the air and say, you know, Kamala Harris wins and the Republic is over and she's a fascist who's going to destroy all of America.


But that is absolutely mainstream to the Democrat side of things. Nothing is too far. They've brought criminal prosecutions against him. They say that he's a rapist. They say that he's a traitor. They say that he's a Russian asset. They've really run out of epithets for Donald Trump at this point. And they wonder that there are lunatics who are going to try to act on this. I mean, the problem the Democrats face, they've created a construct where people who believe what the New York Times is saying, believe that force against Trump is moral. This is what's happening. This is what you're, this is now twice in two months. These aren't just people that have some random bone to pick with the president. They think they are acting to stop 'cause they're a little crazy.


But they're watching the New York Times. They're reading, they're reading the New York Times, they're watching CNN and they're acting on it. And, and this is, this is a rare event, right? We've talked about this. No one's been shot since Reagan in 40 years. Trump has now been shot and shot at again, twice in two months, right before the election that we're supposed to think that nothing is particular about this situation. Nothing. Okay? Oh, but here, but, all right, look, I've gotta play this for you. Here's where the media's gonna go with this. Look at this woman, Alex Witt on M-S-N-B-C, who is an anchor. Look at her reaction and spin after, after she knew. This is, after we learned about today's assassination attempt. Watch us.


Do you expect to hear anything from the Trump campaign about toning down the rhetoric, toning down the violence? Or would that be atypical of the former president? Well, Alex, remember back to the assassination attempt from President Trump's life and how, you know, there was talk of a new tone. And then the, the Republican Convention was by Trumpian standards muted And. it did seem like he was, you know, just trying to take it down a few notches. But then by the end of his convention speech, you know, we were kind of back to where we started. That was Elise Jordan of Time Magazine as the guest.


Unbelievable that. So what this is about is Trump's unwillingness to tone down his, the most controversial thing Trump has said in the past several weeks is that he hates Taylor Swift. That does not get you a bullet or create cable news segments about how you, you need to lower the rhetoric, right? Because someone, Victor shaking Hitler, that might, that might warrant that kind of a discussion, but we didn't see that. In fact, they're the ones doing that. That's exactly the kind of magazine that was doing that, right? We saw that on the New Republic, that, that Trump was Hitler. And so really, even in response to this, once again, the response bill is maybe Trump really needs to tone down his rhetoric.


Yeah. It, it's essentially victim shaming. It's like you're blaming the target, not the perpetrators, not the people that are calling him Hitler, telling the country that if he gets elected, we lose our country. Not, you know, like they're so radicalizing these people through their words, but they're saying, you know, president Trump, stop speaking up for yourself. Stop running for president. Just lay down and let Kamala Harris win. And that's insane to me. That's the sin. They'll, they'll perpetuate this, they'll put a tweet out. There is no room for violence. The same way Kamala said, you know, don't come across the border.


I mean, you can almost imagine. F-Y-I-N-B-C news is now also reporting. The name of the attempted shooter is Ryan Wesley. Ruth, R-O-U-T-H. More and More pictures of him are coming out online. I mean, I'll just describe for you that he, he's got very spiky blonde hair that looks like it's overly jelled or has a lot of product in it. He's rather stylishly dressed in some of these photos that are appearing in social media. He does not look anything like some sort of vagabond. We don't know his story. I'm sure we'll know much more though. How much more, right? That's one of the questions, buck, like how much, 'cause we don't, we know precious little about the first shooter from Butler, Pennsylvania, and I don't know how much we're gonna learn about this guy either, since the new approach seems to be not full accountability, but keeps everything under wraps.


We never got an explanation for the, oh, well, we, it's unsafe to stand on a slanted roof. And that's why we weren't up there. We've just been lied to it every turn about the first one. And why should we expect anything different about the second? No. And in fact, I think it's likelier this time that they will, or rather, they will even more easily bury this story and put it in the memory hole and move past this as fast as they, first of all, the president didn't thank God, didn't actually take a bullet this time wasn't covered in blood. Right? So, so the, the bar in essence on this is such that they'll just say, yeah, well, you know, secret service, they fired this guy, they did their job.


You know, nothing really to see here, folks, because I mean, ultimately this plays into ex exactly what we're talking about. You're saying it Bill saying it, I'm saying it, which is that the Democrat party should be absolutely ashamed of how they have positioned Donald Trump. Who is the duly, you know, the, the duly elected former president and obviously the Republican candidate in this 2024 election cycle. You know, I I, I can tell you, Meghan, it was always interesting, you know, to sit down and, and read both the interrogation, the interrogation transcripts in particular of some of the worst Al-Qaeda terrorists, because, you know, they had this rationalization for their action.


But a lot of it would be things that people would say, well, that's crazy, or that doesn't make sense, or that's unfair. Imagine you were to sit down with this individual who by the way, I'm sure will never hear from publicly. They'll just, you know, this guy will end up taking a plea in 12 months and, you know, you'll never hear from or see him again. Imagine you sat, you sat down with him and said, why did you do this? Why did you do this? It would be interesting, and I think it would be very instructive to the environment that the Democrats have created, because he would say, I've been told, and he could list all the different, he could say that there was an insurrection, the worst attack, Meghan, the worst attack since the Civil War, therefore worse than nine 11.


This has been said, said, just heard that at the, at the debate, right? The worst. So, so, so this individual, Donald Trump, according to Democrats, is responsible for an attack that's worse than the jihadist massacre of, of innocence that killed almost 3000 people in one day and started a global war on terror. He's worse than that. Federal prosecutors apparently have agreed with that. 'cause they're trying to push this, this crazy case that Donald Trump said things that they don't like and therefore the insurrection is his fault. Right? You could line up if you sat down and, and, and you were the individual who wants to explain why he would think, why he would act the way that he has here with this attempted assassination.


He would be able to point to the most powerful and trusted Democrats in office, in media, in corporate America and say, I agree with them. I just decided to do something about it. That is the mentality that has been cr that that is being fostered here, by the way, Democrats o otherwise, someone explained to me, I mean, a threat to democracy, the worst attack in Pearl Harbor. If, if I could stop somebody who was trying to commit another Pearl Harbor, right? I mean, you, you start to go down this rabbit hole, they just say it because it's useful political rhetoric. That's how they'll explain it, right? That's how the CNNs and the Well, You know, we, we just made a reference to it. It just earlier this week at the presidential debate, one of the things that we reacted to was how personal she got the ad hominem attacks against Donald Trump.


It wasn't normal rhetoric from a debate stage. She got very personally nasty with him. Yes. Always like praised by the left as, oh, she just knew how to press his buttons. You know? She just knew exactly which trigger would, would set him off without any thought for is this responsible talk from the woman who's asking us to make her leader of the free world. You understand that this man already had his life almost taken by an assassin like that. My point is simply, I'm gonna play the soundbite. If Trump had been speaking this way about Kamala Harris, and God forbid she had two attacks on her life, every single mainstream media outlet would be in full meltdown right now, full meltdown over him and his words.


But she can insult as, as long as she wants, as grossly as she wants. No one will say anything about her. You can have the Hitler esque magazine covers, you can have, we'll get to what the Lincoln project just did. You, you can have every representative on the Democratic side come out and say the worst possible things about him, and they'll just say, Hmm, oh no, it, it's absolutely irresponsible. Here's Kamala Harris, just as a refresher from Tuesday night at the debate, Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people. So let's be clear about that. And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that. During the course of his rallies, he talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter. And what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom.


And world leaders are laughing at Donald Trump. I have talked with military leaders, some of whom worked with you, and they say you are a disgrace. It is very well known that Donald Trump is weak and wrong on national security and foreign policy consistently over the course of his career, attempted to use race to divide the American people. These dictators and autocrats are rooting for you to be president again because they're so clear. They can manipulate you with flattery and favors. I mean, I'm sorry, bill, but you know, if the shoe were on the other foot, that stuff would be on nonstop loop on every single cable channel.


You hit it right on the head. And if the flip, if the script was flipped, I guarantee you, you would find some da looking to bring charges of being complicit in this crime. They would look to charge President Trump if this, if they made an incitement on Kamala second time, they would look to indict On something. Yeah. To charge him with incitement. Exactly. And this is where, and this is where things are getting really, really scary. And to bring up a a point that you brought up before about the Secret Service, no one loses their job. We saw that at the IRS, we saw with the feds that were texting each other how they have a backup plan. They just got like 1.5 million as severance.


You know, until our civil servants are held accountable, struck and pain and being able to be fired, we're gonna see them dropping the ball time and time again. And I apologize, I'm a former civil servant and I've seen it and I still see it. Yeah, there was a, that's exactly right that no one, no one's gotten fired. I, I do wanna say this, they didn't even raise at that debate, buck the assassination attempt. They didn't raise anything about Joe Biden's mental acuity. And they didn't raise one question about Trump almost losing his life to this at the hands of this, this man two months ago. But they let her get up there and talk about Donald Trump as a threat to democracy, and he's the threat to democracy.


So once again, it, it's a complete inability to digest that Trump could actually be the victim he act. Yeah. Not in the left sense of that term, but in this case an actual shooting victim. And in both cases, an actual victim of an attempted assassination, it will, this one will be memory whole, just like the first one. Absolutely. And, and if anything, I think they'll feel even less gross if they think that they're journalists, which they're not. And just moving past this as fast as they can because we're so close to the election that they view this as, as, as a necessary.


The one of the, one of the challenges, or really one of the unfortunate truths that we've learned about journalists, and I mean the biggest journalistic entities that are legacy media, is they made a decision with Donald Trump that the old ethics and, and the old guidelines for how to do your job with integrity and decency are gone because decency and truth are anti-Trump and I and explicitly the Washington Post and, and other places said that, I mean, they, whether it was on, you know, a group editorial or just from the day-to-day of their coverage, they decided that all the old rules have to go when it comes to their coverage of Trump. They have to be openly anti-Trump, even though they had played this game of Oh, we're neutral for a long time, and we all knew they were Democrats.


But the point is now they have the same thing with overheated political rhetoric, with dangerous, with violent political rhetoric. I remember when they tried to blame Sarah Palin for the shooting of Gabby Giffords because Sarah Palin had, had like targets on a congressional map or something like that, as in we're targeting this district, right? And, and they, they tried to do this whole thing and she ended up suing the New York, New York Times for that. But, but there really has been a one way street for a while now of this kind of, I mean, let, let's just do a quick review. This level of extremely serious and, and in this case, very, you know, again, close to coming to fruition, even close to the first time around assassination attempts, they tried to kill a democrat, a avowed Bernie Sanders supporter.


By the way, I don't blame Bernie Sanders for this, but I'm just saying he was an avowed Bernie Sanders supporter who was screaming this is for healthcare. I think that's noteworthy. While he was shooting at conservative members of Congress in 2018 on a baseball field than Alexandria. That's never talked about. When we look at political rhetoric, and you know, when, when, when, when you have, and I'm sorry, I mean those people on M-S-N-B-C, they're both dishonest and very stupid. I know one of them not smart people that they're talking about politically overheated rhetoric as though this comes from the right. It's as though they've been asleep for quite a while now. I know they'll always point to January 6th. And one of the big problems that Trump supporters have had with the maniacal focus on January 6th is we had an election in 2020 under duress, BLM rioted for months.


They rioted on my block, Meghan. I mean, it sounded like mine too. You know, like I was in the background of a Vietnam movie or something with all the police helicopters and the sirens and everything going on as they were trashing my street and businesses had to board up their windows for that 2020 election in anticipation of a Trump win because the Democrats were going to lose their minds. So the one riot they can point to that's Trump affiliated is the only riot that somehow is bad. Now, two assassination attempts against President Trump, a mass assassination attempt that shot Steve Scalise almost killed Senator Rand. Paul could have killed a dozen members of Congress if the guy hadn't been taken out by a Capitol Hill police officer. We're seeing a trend here.


Oh, and also the attempted assassination of Brett Kavanaugh by some lunatic Democrats Yeah. Have taken the rhetoric to a place where people are increasingly going to be violent and think that they are moral in doing so. And that is a very dangerous place for the country and the lawfare that they're doing against President Trump ties directly into this as well because the court system is being used as a tool of political violence now locking people up because they like Trump, including maybe Trump himself. And you know what else on the law? Fair front buck as it falls apart as it should, right? Even in these corrupt courts, as you know, the US Supreme Court weighs in, or a higher authority weighs in like down in the Fannie Willis case. It's going up in appeal.


She's gonna get dqued. People get angry, right? People get frustrated because they've been told by Democrats and by the media that these cases are a slam dunk. That this is the, the Mar-a-Lago case is a lock. It's a lock. And this is a corrupt judge who is appointed by Trump and she's trying to manipulate the system. And then when it doesn't go the way they want it to go, it inflames passions further. Not saying any of this caused this guy to do this today, but I'm sick and tired of the leftists doing this, blaming people like Tucker for any mass shooting we see. And then when the shoe is on the other foot, it's, that's Trump's fault too, that that's also the fault of John.


He's the one who needs to control his rhetoric. Just sick and tired of it. You guys, thank you both. Thank you both so much, much for being here. Bill Stanton, thanks Bill. Good to see you. Buck Sexton. See you guys. See, you know what, see you again soon. That's how I feel. See, see you on the next one. That, that's where this feels like it's going. Do you guys remember at that Tuesday night debate Donald Trump saying this? We got, this is the one that weaponized, not me. She weaponized. I probably took a bullet to the head because of the things that they say about me.


They talk about democracy. I'm a threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy. P was a fake Russia, Russia, Russia investigation. We do have a lot to get. That went nowhere. We have a lot to get to Lindsay, A lot to get to. And they moved right on. Wanted to ask about climate change. Wanted to talk to him about J six. Wanted to talk to him about the fact that he said to a podcaster, I lost by a whisker, did not wanna hear about the assassination attempt, did not wanna hear about how they are the threat to democracy. That was of no interest to a, b, c news. You think it is today?


I mean, I just wonder whether David Muir is sitting there thinking man from a self-serving perf perspective. It sure would be great to have Trump on camera this week talking about threats to democracy and what the assassination meant to him. What it says about political rec rhetoric in the United States. What is his perspective, do you think? They wouldn't have asked that question of Kamala Harris if she had been the one who, God forbid, took a bullet. Think again. There's a reason they didn't go back, back over that with Donald Trump. Okay, old news, sure it happened, you know, two months ago, but it's one of those moments that everybody in the world would've stopped to listen to.


What has it taught you, if anything, about political rhetoric in the United States? What? Why wouldn't you ask that? Okay. Maybe it went down the rabbit hole with why did you cover up Joe Biden's mental problems? Kamala Harris, joining me now is Charles Marino. He's former Secret Service. He was an agent there and author of terrorists on the border and in our country. And John Spears for special forces sniper and sniper trainer for law enforcement and military and author of warlord of the Unraveling. Guys, welcome back to the show. We had you on two months ago to talk about the first assassination attempt, and here we are yet again. I'll start with you on it. Charles is this former Secret Service guy.


What do you make of what of the news today? Well, we got very lucky that the two agents in the golf cart, two holes ahead of the former president, spotted that muzzle coming through the fence line right along the golf cart path. There's gonna be a lot of questions here regarding how this individual was able to get so close And. it comes down to one simple question, and that is, is the Secret Service providing the necessary resources and protocols to match the threat level against the former president? And I don't think they're there yet. They are still stuck in this world of he's a former president. Here's what typically former presidents get with respect to protection.


And they're not taking into account the uniqueness of him being a former president and now Republican nominee. And the increased political rhetoric coming from the left. That is in no doubt in my mind, an experience leading to this increased threat level against the former president. So the Secret Service, why explain that? Why do you think that? Well, because you never know who you're speaking to. You never know who you're gonna radicalize. And what you have is you have these nut cases that are gonna come outta the woodwork. They're gonna interpret what you're saying as indicating that they must take action to mitigate this threat, being former President Donald Trump as a threat to democracy, which is not true, which should not be said.


And again, you're radicalizing a lot of different people, whether it's the shooter we saw in Butler or now this individual today in Palm Springs. You're bringing these people outta the woodwork that are just one, they want notoriety for themselves. Two, they feel like they're being tasked based on this rhetoric from the left to undertake these operations in an, in an attempted assassination. And it's not good. It's not good for the country. It's certainly dangerous and irresponsible when it comes to the safety of the former president. And I think you were all right, based on your previous discussions that had this be been occurring the other way.


Most certainly we'd be hearing about it from the mainstream media saying that that's the thing, saying the former president and his campaign were responsible for these actions of, of these Lunatic. That's the thing. So I I mean I, yeah, to me it's just, it was just for the record, it was Palm Beach, Florida. I know you said Po Palm Springs. I know you know it. Palm Beach. Oh, Palm Beach, sorry. The, The, what we see after every single one of these mass shootings is the Democrats running to find a Republican to blame or a conservative to blame. And typically we, in the space that I broadcast in, will be quick to say, this is ridiculous. Stop doing that. You can't take a madman and his crazy deteriorating mind and ascribe something somebody said on cable as the, as the reason behind this Madman's decision to kill.


It's, it's a crazy person's decision. But I have to tell you, Charles, even I now looking at this like how can you not pause to say there's something happening here that's stirring up the crazies at a minimum, and we do need to pay attention here. I mean, it's fine. Like we tried not to go down that road the last time. It's, it's staring us in the face. And, it would be irresponsible at this point to not at least entertain the notion that the over the top rhetoric about this man in particular has gotten to the point of true danger on it. John, what do you think? We have passed stochastic terrorism and we have now entered deterministic terrorism.


So I'll explain. In the early two thousands, the left developed the term stochastic terrorism. Stok chasm is the mathematical and epidemiological condition when, where there is no known threshold from acts to which there is an end effect. The other way of saying stochastic is to say non-deterministic, I'll explain and it'll all come together. We use those terms most frequently in radiation biology when we're talking about what level of radiation exposure produces an injury, like a kind of cancer.


So to get cataract radiation induced cataracts from exposure to radiation, there is a set threshold below which you won't get radiation cataracts above which you will absolutely get radiation cataracts for thyroid cancer, it's stochastic or non-deterministic. You really don't know what radiation exposure or how many exposures could lead to you getting thyroid cancer. So in the early two thousands, the left aimed against conservative talk radio and people like yourself to say all these crazy right wing people are saying all these things to the media and it's gonna encourage some crazy right winger to commit some act of violence or terrorism against somebody in the left.


Well, 20 years later, we know what the threshold is. The left has crossed that threshold deterministically, and we now have two episodes back to back where rhetoric from the left has ignited someone on the left to try and assassinate the leader of the conservative movement. So you'll Be the leader in this. We Meghan, for a fact, we're we don't have causation. This is speculation out frustration at the man continuing to get shot at. I mean this, the, the fact that this guy had an AK 47, that's what they're saying, at least now within 300 yards of the president.


I mean, I I'm not a gun expert, John, you are, but you tell me that that could easily take out the, the former president. If, if these secret service agents hadn't seen that rifle coming through the fence, he'd be dead. What they're saying right now, and this should be, this will be solved easily with one picture, is they're saying an AK style weapon with a scope. It is very difficult. It takes a lot of modification and aftermarket parts to put any kind of optic a scope on an AK 47. What this is initially hinting to me that it's by AK style, that it's actually a weapon called an SVDA dragon off a, a Soviet style sniper rifle, which is the AK style weapon that you can put a scope on.


So if that does in fact end up being the case, what that tells us is something far more complex about the shooter's preparation to carry out this act against President Trump. Oh, interesting. Why w go on. I mean, he, what would he have had to do? Could a, could any normal citizen get their hands on those things? Things, certainly, it, it's easily done. They're completely legal, semi-automatic weapons. But it's the difference between working at these distances. Some, someone planning in advance enough to say, I need a scope, a magnified optical sighting system to be able to engage my target.


And it's gonna say a lot about the person's planning and preparation and knowledge. And it's, you know, the last shooter in Butler County likely plan this for a long time, but use the tools at hand, an AR style rifle, you know, which is, which is widely available. If this pans out that the shooter actually had a, a dragon off an AK style weapon that is an actual sniper weapon. It's going to tell us a lot about their preparation, their intention, and maybe even about potential support that the, the suspect received in preparation for this act, Charles, right now, and, you know, the days to come, we'll, we'll bring the full story.


It looks, this guy looks like a nut. If you see some of the social media accounts postings that are breaking, he's very focused on Ukraine, very focused on the war in Ukraine, offering to pay some people something like $1,200 to go fight for Ukraine. But here's one that sounds also confusing. This is from January 8th, 2024. Again, cautioning the audience, assuming this is the guy's account, it's an unusual name. Ryan Ruth, R-O-U-T-H. And oftentimes the media runs with the name. It is been, the name's been confirmed by law enforcement now, but is this exactly him? They haven't exactly said this account is linked to him. Okay, so there's a, a little wiggle room in here, but he, he posted on that date at Nikki Haley, please join Vivek Ramas Swami as a team of president and vice president.


We must do this now to create a winning ticket now that we can, now that we can all get behind. Please do not be selfish and arrogant partner now to change the course of this election, break norms and give us an option now. I mean, just, that's nuts because of course Nikki Haley is a hawk on Ukraine and Vivek Ramis Swami is exactly the opposite. And this was one month after the Republican primary debate with yours truly at which that was really clear. Really clear. So I'm just saying this doesn't seem like ordered thinking by somebody. And there are posts on the others. I mean, he, he, there's some anti-Semitic posts.


I mean, my lay person's opinion so far is having seen a lot of these, the guy had a screw loose and I don't know what to make of that. Like, I think that's part of the reason the media moved on from the first Trump assassination because they were like, he's a nutcase and we can't find one clear ideology says the FBI. So we've gotta just chalk it up to free country Secret Service needs some reforms, and if this is the case with this guy, they're gonna do the same thing. Is there any merit to that? Well, there's merit to the fact that they've definitely moved on and written off the mental health aspect of the Butler Pennsylvania shooter.


But what I can tell you is these are some of the most dangerous people. And here's why. When you are, when you have significant mental health issues, but you're still able to formulate a plan of attack that makes you a very, very dangerous person, that becomes the biggest concern for the US Secret Service. And that's what we had here. There is no doubt, just like we did in Butler, that we are gonna find at this incident in, in Palm Beach that there was pre-planning that went into this attack. There was some type of surveillance that was being conducted, there was some type of site familiarity. Why did he choose that specific location, that specific fence line?


He knew the proximity to the street that aids in, in not only getting to the target quickly, but also fleeing the area quickly to get back to a vehicle. So we're dealing with people that are conducting operations well in advance to the act that they're carrying out. That's a concern. And for the Secret Service, the issue becomes how are they able to get better at detecting and disrupting in the planning stages. Now, there's no doubt that this individual from today, this suspect is gonna be of record with somebody. He's either come to the attention of the FBI, local law enforcement, or even the Secret Service before there will be some name familiarity based on the type of postings.


If those are, if those are confirmed, Megan, that he has risen to the level of a federal agency, especially when you're talking about trying to facilitate getting human beings to a war zone to fight like the Ukraine. So I expect to hear more about previous encounters of this individual with law enforcement in the United States, as well as what the federal agencies have to say about their encounters with him. You, before you came on, Charles, we talked about the fact that the West Palm Beach law enforcement came at the press conference and said, you know, he's a former president.


If you were the current president, he'd have more secret service. And in a vacuum you can understand that comment. But our, our former president, who's now the Republican nominee for president and could be president again in a matter of five months, almost had his head blown off 60 days ago, 62 to be exact. And there was, I'm not blaming it on this guy, this guy was honest about, I mean, he doesn't, the guy, the, the sheriff West Palm Beach is not in charge of Donald Trump's secret service, but he's calling out a reality and admitting what the situation was. I don't understand. Tell me how Secret Service could do anything other than go full bore on Donald Trump's protection after assassination attempt number one.


Yeah, it should have been implemented even prior to Butler, Pennsylvania. Remember, we've got a foreign adversary in Iran who would like nothing more than to assassinate the former president based on his role in killing Soleimani earlier in his administration. So not only do you have the foreign threat, but you also have the domestic threat environment. I mean, how many times do we have to listen to the FBI director testify before Congress to say that the threat environment is the highest that he is ever seen on record even higher than pre nine 11, you know, 23 years after those horrific attacks. And look at where we are as a country in terms of threat level.


Plus we've got the open Southwest borders, 180 different countries coming across our borders from special interest locations. Who's to say that one of those individuals hasn't been tasked by a country, like, by a country like Iran to come in here and carry out an attack against the former president? So there's just too many unknown unknowns right now in the system, which has the threat level off the charts. And the Secret Service needs to get away from assigning resources based on title. When, when, when the Secret Service takes, when the Secret Service takes on protective for an individual. It doesn't say, look, when you become a former president, this is all you're gonna get.


And if it doesn't work out, tough luck. No, they own the totality of the problem. They own the totality of the threats that come not with the title, but with the specific individual. And we have a lot of uniqueness in former President Trump. I mean, he's the Republican nominee. He is highly sought after target by the left with vitriol. That is a major causation to the increased threat level against him. And, and the Secret Service needs to be dynamic in the way that they're providing resources at a level that addresses the threat adequately.


Okay, so that leads me to John, what actually happened today, because what we saw was this attempted assassin. First of all, we have the picture of his two backpacks posted on the fence, right on the perimeter of the golf course. We believe this is the exact area. This is from law enforcement from which he would planned on taking the shot. You can see the gun left behind and also a GoPro. So apparently he wanted to film it. That's the assumption. He wanted some glory on his, on his mission. But the, but the thing that's is equally stunning, John, is that Secret Service found him and chased him and he got away initially, he got into his car And.


it was thanks to an alert eyewitness, a citizen who saw the guy. I mean, he didn't, I presume know what had just happened. Saw him, got into his black Nissan, saw him driveway, and the citizen, God bless him, took a picture of the car and the license wait and told Secret Service. And then they got him, and then they arrested him. And thankfully nobody was harmed. But I I, I realized over here in my safe desk, I have 2020 vision, right? I've never fired a gun at anybody. But doesn't it seem like the kind of thing where he should not have gotten away and we should not have had to re, re to, had to depend on this quick resolve of the citizen witness.


It is a boots on the ground issue, an issue of resources and manpower. When last we sadly came together, Charles and I both discussed that it was obvious that the agents seen with President Trump and Butler County were not secret service. And of course that was true. The reason they looked like people pantomiming, what Secret Service agents would do is 'cause we now know, in fact they were DHSI agents who were detailed from other field offices who received some Zoom training on dignitary protection. So clearly the President, president Trump has been assigned more protection, but still up, not up to the level that he deserves, given the proven threats going against him.


So remember in 2017 with the congressional baseball shooting, where six people, including Congressman Steve Scalise, was wounded. That was 2017. It wasn't until 2021 that the FBI actually called that ACT domestic terrorism. Up until that point, the FBI had maintained that the shooter's motivation was death by cop. Four years later they admitted it was domestic terrorism. The reason I'm bringing that up is, at this point, house Homeland Security Committee and the House Oversight Committee should be involved to make sure that government is doing its job to protect President Trump.


But I think until that happens, there is a very viable stop gap measure that the Trump campaign should put into place immediately. They should put the call out nationwide to our sheriffs and call them to send their tactical teams to support the detail. Who is taking care of President Trump's Trump's public appearances and sheriff's nationwide will answer that call. Now, it is no different than what happens after a major storm hits a city in the us.


Power goes out, power cooperatives around the country send power linemen to restore vital services for public safety in the preservation of life. In much the same way, instead of still relying on local limited resources to augment the secret service to protect President Trump, the Trump campaign should make a nationwide call to all sheriff's offices, to supply sheriff's SWAT teams to augment on the ground security detail response. Because if we're waiting for DHS or House Oversight or House Homeland Security to be able to have an effect, we're going to have a dead presidential candidate.


Oh my God. I mean, I, the thing is Charles Dan Bonino, he worked for the same agency you did? Yeah. He was on personal protective detail for President Obama. He testified before Congress in the wake of the first assassination attempt, and listen to what he said, And something else happens, and I hope it doesn't. I pray to my Lord and savior Jesus Christ, that I'm wrong, that you play this and go, look, that guy was crazy. You think this is the last incident? You're outta your mind. We have seen these incidents over and over. We saw the Georgia Grenade incident with President Bush. They overtook the magnetometers, the Secret Service leadership in charge now with the exact same people.


Fair point, Fair point. And I've known Dan almost 30 years now. So it doesn't surprise me that he called this right. And look, when something is made to look easy, more people wanna do it. And that's the problem is Butler pa let a lot of people into the secret that it, that it was gonna appear to be easy to take out the former president. And that's a scary, scary place to be for the Secret Service. And they know this, right? And, and so, and for Donald Trump, this is No, that's right. And, and look, I I gotta tell you, it it, this definitely keeps me up at night because there's a lot of people that are studying the way these things are done now, two separate incidents to study, see what went wrong, what went right, and you know, we're gonna have some people out there that wanna do the former president harm that are gonna be studying these two case studies of how to attempt to assassinate the former president.


And so, you know, Secret service, we always worry about copycats after these shootings of the mass shootings. Always. We always worry about copycats and why wouldn't the same rule apply here? Always Keep going. Sorry, Charles. That's Right. No, that's, that's exactly right. The copycats are gonna gonna come out and the Secret Service also needs to work with the FBI and others to get better at starting to monitor all this chatter because there is a significant increase in chatter amongst people that wanna get out and act out against the former president in one way or another. The, the other I have for you though is, is explain to me Charles as a former Secret Service guy, how, I mean, I feel like if they said m Kelly, you're in charge of protecting Donald Trump today.


I'd say, okay, what's he doing? He's golfing. Okay, well, we're gonna need to make sure that the entire golf course is secure, both on the course and right immediately over that little fence, which is right by the fifth hole where someone could easily drive away. Super quick. I I just, maybe I'm nuts, but I feel like I could have anticipated that. Is it just a lack of manpower? A lack of imagination? You know, we heard reports now that it was a, it was a young Pittsburgh female agent right? Who didn't plan correctly for what happened in Butler, Pennsylvania. I don't know whether they've made any, I don't know whether that woman's still employed there.


I think she is, yeah, she's in Pittsburgh. But is there somebody else Yes. Who might be responsible for Mar-a-Lago like, because the planning piece of it is equally important to the guys on the ground who actually have to pull the guns and take out the bad guy. Again, When we see, when we see the agents react the way they had to those two elements that were in that golf cart going ahead of the former president, and you see that the detail that's assigned to the former president, that, that they have to react, that means something went significantly wrong as we saw in Butler. And as we saw today, we, the overall security plan, and once again, just like the conversations we were having after Butler, we're also gonna be talking about today's incident and asking what was up with the perimeters.


Why wasn't that street closed along the fifth hole, the fifth putting green where he was. So why did it remain open? And again, you don't need to keep these streets closed, the entirety of his visit there, but as he's playing the holes that are closest to these streets and these roadways, you can have at request that the local police do spontaneous shutdowns of these traffic. I've carried out protection on hundreds of golf courses with the president, the vice president, all the way down the foreign dignitaries. And you've gotta put the security plan in place that makes the most sense to the threat level assigned to the Protectee.


So if they're not assigning the proper threat level to the former president after what happened in Butler, then they're in much worse, worse shape than what I thought. But I think they know it and I think they know it. And for some reason they're having a hard time getting there with the overall security plans that are being implemented to keep him safe. A and yes, isn't Go ahead, John. It gonna be a, you know, is it gonna be a problem for some of the people in Palm Beach when streets get closed down? Yes. But look, this is what happens. Go ahead, John. The last time we were together discussing the tragedy in Butler County, one of the main issues was talking about was there conspiracy at some level.


And my point continues to be that it's not a conspiracy at the ground level between the people on the ground or withholding secret service snipers from returning fire. I, I guarantee nothing like that happened. If there is conspiracy and there is, it is at the level of DHS to deny President Donald Trump the proper resources. So again, stochastic terrorism no longer applies. This is deterministic terrorism. The threshold has been reached and left behind. The hateful rhetoric of the left from the corporate media and including our own government against Donald Trump has factually inspired assassination attempts.


And I'm certain that's what's going to come about with this second shooter knowing these things, the time for scaled and half stepped measures to increase President Trump's security, that time needs to be over now full. Yeah. Measures must be taken. And if they're not forthcoming from the level of DHS, I've made the best recommendation. I know how that is supported by the Constitution to call on US sheriffs and law enforcement agencies to provide adequate trained technical operator response to help protect Donald Trump.


Now, well, Here's the other question, John. Here's the other question, John, because you've got Eric Prince of Blackwater, you know, he knows a thing or two about security situations and military tactics. And he, he tweeted out the following at Governor Ron DeSantis, he's tagging the governor, please assume direct control of the investigation into this attempted assassination of Donald J. Trump. Tell the feds to wait in line until Florida resources have done a thorough and transparent look into all the evidence. The Feds have dropped the ball thoroughly on Butler pa time for Florida to save the day, especially since this attempt happened only 300 meters from the state forensics lab.


I think that may, I think he, The crime scene was scrubbed the crime scene where the shooter took his shots at President Trump was scrubbed the body of the shooter who was turned over to the local coroner, which is normal. The body was sent for cremation when in the history of law enforcement where there has been a national incident of this characteristic, has anything like that ever happened? How can those acts alone not cause a p of confidence in every law abiding citizen that there is in fact some level of conspiracy going on at the federal level?


It is a shame it should never have happened. Oh boy. I mean, that's a big charge. But there is reason to doubt their competence at the least. Charles and I I don't Is Eric Prince onto something that this should not be just turned over to the feds, which by the way, I believe it already has been. Yeah, well look a, a lot of great points here, starting with is DHS giving the Secret Service everything that they need to protect the former president again, in Ali Mayorkas, the secretary we're also talking about the same person that repeatedly denied protection, denied for RFK Junior. Not because he didn't meet the criteria, not because the threat level wasn't there because he just didn't wanna give it to him.


So we know that he's already politicized the secretary that is, has politicized the Secret Service in conducting their mission in the way that they need. And there is no doubt, I've been calling, look, 22 years after the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. There is no way that the Bush administration got it right on day one in how they built that department. And it's time to take a look. And that's up, up, up to and including removing the Secret Service from the Department of Homeland Security and putting them someplace back in treasury, for example, where they're gonna get the attention, the resources, and the budgeting that they need to do the mission the way that it needs to be done. You never heard about these issues with the Secret Service until they went into the Department of Homeland Security and all of a sudden they start having all of these issues.


They don't have the right amount of manpower. The budgeting has been slow to catch up and the list goes on and on. So that needs to be looked at. But, you know, the Secret Service has also hurt themselves in a lot of different ways. I was, I was happy to see that they sent a Secret Service representative to the press conference today that was different than what they chose to do in Butler. And I was critical of that. I thought that was a huge strategic error. You've gotta instill confidence and transparency to the American people on this. And with five ongoing investigations still underway with respect to what happened in Butler, the confidence has not been restored and rightfully so. So let's see, the Con con congressional report should be coming out any day now.


And I understand that according to Senator Blumenthal, a lot of people are gonna be shocked by just how badly the misses were in the lead up to Butler, Pennsylvania. So what are we gonna learn about today? Oh my gosh. It's, it's overwhelming. It's, it's deeply alarming. I I mean, poor Trump, all you can think is poor Trump and the poor Trump family that has to keep going through this. I mean, there's a wife here, there are children here. I know the children are absolutely flabbergasted. They're angry. They're angry that this keeps happening to their father. Who wouldn't be, this is not okay in the United States of America. This is third World Banana Republic shit.


And we, sorry guys, I just, it's so infuriating. It is. You two are a credit to us all, and it's wonderful to have you. Thank you for your expertise tonight. Thank you, Megan. Thank you Megan. Isn't it? I mean, all right. I'm sure you're feeling it too. You, you can't believe it. You like when they first said that there was some sort of shootout down in Florida, like it was between two civilians, And, it was just near the Trump golf course. It was like, oh, okay, well that can happen. The media gets things wrong all the time, so maybe it didn't involve Trump. And then you hear, you hear AK 47 style rifle, and it's like, okay, I think we all know what this was, and here we are again.


And how many more times will we be in this exact spot if something doesn't change? Joining me now is Rich Lowry, editor in Chief of National Review. And Rich, like most of our guest lineup right now, we were together the last time this, like how many, yeah, how many times are you and I gonna get together about breaking news that President Trump was almost assassinated, but yet here we are. Yeah, it's unbelievable. I was, I was talking to some folks last night at a, at event, we're talking about the campaign and someone was saying, it's like a TV show. And I was kind of joking. Well, if the writers are in the TV show trying to do the next twist, they're probably gonna say we can't do an attempted assassination again. That was yesterday. And, and here it is. I mean, the only thing like it in American history, Gerald Ford, two various serious attempts within I think about 17 days in, in the seventies, one of them came within five inches, which used to be a high standard for closeness.


Donald Trump obviously as exceeded that in the first assassination attempt, but after that, you have to go to Lincoln. I mean, they're just, they, they're very serious continuous threats against his life. And we was asked about this once, he said, there's nothing like getting used to it. And that's the way Donald Trump might feel now. But, but he shouldn't. There there's no way, given the seriousness of the first one, that there anyone should be within any, you know, miles of him, a potential threat. And, and the idea that someone could just hang out at a golf course and be within 400 yards of the, the former president with a, with a rifle, is just shocking and totally unacceptable. And once again, we have ordinary Americans stepping up and pointing out these threats.


They, they're saying it the first time around. It's, they've been heated initially and in a decent time. The first one never would've happened. And we've had the spectator alive and we wouldn't have the former president nearly killed this, this thing too, where we have to be extremely grateful as you've, you pointed out earlier to, to this guy who attract him and, and gave the license bait to the cops and the description of the, of the, the car of the cops. But this is just so wrong. You can, you know what, we could be inches away from tr a, a tragedy that'll change American history, obviously be, you know, a a a, a man would be killed and his family would be devastated, forevermore, And. it would der American politics. You know, we still talk, we talked about this the first time around.


We talk about these assassinations decades and decades later and still litigating them and arguing about them. So this cannot happen. It cannot happen. And let's hope finally, now they'll get the message. But what's the excuse for not getting it the first time around? Yeah. They already had a warning as if they needed one, that there are dangerous lunatics in this country, and they're really focused on Donald Trump. They already had the warning, they got their mulligan. Right, right. A man was killed during their first mulligan and Donald Trump got shot in the head, thank God. Just an ear. So he was fine. But here we are again two months later. I mean, the, the amount of negligence that would be required in order for this to happen again, it's just stunning.


Yeah. They, they got complacent again, maybe you could even understand. Yeah. Oh, 10 years later they got complacent about protecting Trump. 10 years post presidency at the golf course two months later when every day we've got another warning about how the Iranians wanna kill him. I mean, like, it's inexcusable. So I wanna I wanna shift though, because there's a lot of politics to talk to you about in around this Rich, we have yet you hear anything from the sitting president of the United States, my team will check me on this. But as of half an hour ago, we hadn't, the sitting president of the United States, Joe Biden has said nothing, nothing. Vice President Kamala Harris issued a statement that reads as follows. I have been briefed on reports of gunshots fired near former president Donald Trump and his property in Florida, and I am glad he is safe.


Violence has no place in America. Yeah. That Is perfectly on brand. Yeah. It's just, it's just boilerplate and it's outrageous. We haven't heard from President Biden, and this will be, I fear, by noon tomorrow. This this'll be old news, right? The, the, the first one that nearly killed him, a millimeter or two was absorbed and kind of forgotten within, you know, two weeks or so. And, and this will go away even faster 'cause he wasn't hit. You know, that's the standard. Now, if he's nearly hitting the head, okay, maybe it's news, but if, if the guy was just y yards, hundreds of yards away, and if it weren't for an alert secret service agent seeing the, the muzzle poking through a, a chain link fence and you know, this bystander pointing, pointing him out, you know, that that's just not, that doesn't, it's, it's not up to the standards of the first attempt as assassination.


So I just fear it just, it won't be a big deal. And can you imagine, and people pointed this out on Twitter, Barack Obama was nearly, had a very serious assassination except twice within two months, once getting hit, you know, or Kamala Harris, everyone's hair would be on fire. And it's just, it's not gonna happen this time. They're gonna ignore it. You know, the, they'll cover it a little bit here and then in the morning, and then I think it goes away. Now, the one, the one caveat I would say to that is they can't black box the motivation. Right. Whether they're hiding it or whether we just can't know, like they did with the first guy immediately got neutralized too late, you know, But, it got neutralized very quickly, this guy to have. So we were, we'll learn more about him, his background and his motive.


Yeah. I mean, I like we're whatever the tweet show, he showed up at the golf course ready to shoot Donald Trump. So I think we're, we're pretty clear he was not a Donald Trump supporter. This is the kind of conversation we had to have after the first shooter took shots at Donald Trump. I should say that JD Vance has issued a statement as well. I am a wash in text from my producer, so let standby and I will get it for you. But, but all we've heard from, for example, former President Barack Obama, who's tweeting out about other stuff now. I mean, he's like casually tweeting about nonsense. Was he retweeted? He retweeted that benign ine Kamala Harris tweet.


That's it. Right? So we have nothing from Joe Biden and we have a, a retweet from Barack Obama. And now here we have JD Van saying, I'm glad President Trump is safe. I spoke to him before the news was public and he was amazingly in good spirits. Still much we don't know, but I'll be hugging my kids extra tight tonight and saying a prayer of gratitude. Rich, stand by just, just a couple of minutes please. Dave Ehrenberg, who is the Palm Beach County DA is with us now. He's a frequent guest of the program and you saw him, if you watched that presser of the law enforcement officials. He's here with us now and able to speak about this. Dave, are you with me, Megan? Hi. Yeah. Quite a day. So good to see you. Thank you for making time.


I know you're very busy. We really appreciate it. State attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida. What can you tell us that we need to know? Well, it's amazing how fast the media got the details of this matter. I think you've, you've got the information, you know who it is. It was a guy who, while former president was golfing at his golf course, put a AK 47 style rifle through, he was through the bushes to the fence area and, and you can, you know, get a, a look to see who's golfing there. But Secret Service was on top of it. They, they saw the, the gun and they fired and he was, had pointed the gun at Secret Service. And that's where we, at the state level, were going to file state charges.


You could file based on those facts for aggravated assault with a, with a firearm, which, especially if you pointed at a secret service member would be a second degree felony punishable about the 15 years in prison. And at the press conference today, I said that we were probably gonna move first because the feds at that point had not announced that they were going to file the charges. They were still working on it and we didn't want him to just be released. And so we were gonna file the charges, or at least we were, we were working on the warrants and to do pretrial detention. But then afterwards the federal officials came in and they said they will be taking over the case.


They will be filing the charges. So this is now entirely a federal matter, not a state matter. I'll bet. I'm sure they want jurisdiction over this one. Do do we, do we know anything about the guy? Ha Has he spoken and has he been appointed counsel? We don't know. We, there are videos of him on the internet. You see, he was obsessed with Ukraine. He is is someone who apparently lives in Hawaii. He was the last time I checked, but he, he's not someone that, that I was familiar with. He's not a frequent flyer with our office. I was not familiar with him. So I don't have any other information about the guy. But yeah, it's, it's, it's gotten more serious now because the, the feds are involved. They are gonna be filing the charge.


They're gonna keep him in pretrial detention and the state were, we're gonna hold off on our warrants and our pretrial detention. We're gonna defer to the feds. Will he be appointed counsel Dave if he doesn't bring in one of his own, If he can't afford a lawyer, yes, he'll be appointed counsel. It depends whether he can afford it. Of course, it, you know, he lives in Hawaii generally, it's not a, a state where you're indigent especially, you wonder how does, yeah. Was he able to fly, you know, from Hawaii to South Florida that usually it takes a lot of scratch to fly from Hawaii to South Florida. So there are a lot of open questions. He will be a Florida lawyer only if he can't pay for one.


Do we know if he had a job? Was this a working man? No, I don't know that, I don't know that much about him other than he just has a lot of obsession on Ukraine and just had a lot of bizarre comments on social media and just don't know. Beyond that There was some back and forth among smart people who are informed and connected to the Secret Service online about who shot first. Do we know, do we know for a fact who shot first? According to reports, it was Secret Service who shot, unless there's something up there that I'm not aware of. I'm not aware that he actually fired his weapon.


It looks like Secret Service saw That he, okay, so that's your latest. Well, yeah, that's, that's latest I know, unless you have some other information. No, no, I just, I it was speculation. So I was trying to figure out whether there was something more we needed to know. Can you just explain, is there, is it the case that you can drive up in your car and there's a chain link fence right there and you can go up to it and if you wanted to stick a gun through it and potentially shoot somebody on the golf course you could. Yeah. So you have to realize the golf course, Trump International Golf Course, it's a beautiful course. But, it is not next to Mar-a-Lago, it is in West Palm Beach. It's near a strip club. And the jail, in fact, the jail overlooks the golf course.


You have inmates there, you know, sometimes making noise while you're teeing off And. It's guarded by a fence all around it. And then there's a big hedge, a bush where you can't see in it. But could someone walk through the bush and then in the fence point a gun? Yes. In fact, you've seen pictures of former President Trump golfing from people who did just that. They just didn't point a gun or anything, but they pointed a camera. So it's happened before. But the Secret Service to their credit, was on this one. They were able to see someone with a rifle sticking out and, you know, that could be hard to do because it's a large area around the golf course. And so they, they obviously did a really good job noticing this.


Did you talk to the cops who were involved in this guy's apprehension at all? I did not. I spoke to the sheriff and we had that press conference, but no, the sheriff was pretty forthcoming with what happened, how there was a good Samaritan who saw it and then gave information to the Secret Service. And then the chase was on, the guy apparently drove all the way to Martin County. Martin County's about 40 minutes north of Palm Beach County. So we got up there. Oh wow. And then was apprehended without incident. Yeah. By the sheriff's deputies up there in Martin County and then is on the way back here to Palm Beach County. How did they find him in Martin County? Just regular traffic stop.


They Oh, not really. They were on the lookout for that car. I don't know if they had the license plate, but they had the description of the car and they were able to define him and pull him over. Was he on the same, I he was on 95 North Dave, is that where he got pulled over? You know, I, I don't know exactly where he is pulled over, but he did take 95 north. I don't know exactly where the pullover spot was. Is that remarkable to you that he just kind of went north as opposed to pulling off on one of the exits and, you know, lying low in some smaller neighborhood? You know, Megan, it's my experience when you're dealing with people who are not of total sound mind, that they do crazy things like just drive North thinking they're gonna get out of the state of Florida.


That's like another eight hour drive. So it's, so it does, it doesn't make sense to you or me, but, you know, we don't go around pointing AK 40 sevens at, you know, prominent individuals because we disagree with their politics. And in fact, his, he made a statement on Twitter that said about how, you know, the, the Russia's actions against Ukraine was totally evil and this was good versus evil. But yet he couldn't decipher that. Trying to assassinate someone would also be evil. I I just, you know, it doesn't make any sense How, not understanding exactly what charges he'll face. I mean, I don't know if attempted murder will be one of them since he lay, he lay and wait, but he didn't actually pull the trigger.


But what do you, what would you guess he's looking at in terms of charges at the federal level? You know, it's hard to say at the federal level, they have a whole different system. They have laws to protect presidents and former presidents. But I can tell you at the state level, it, it would've been based on the facts, likely the aggravated assault with a firearm, which when you're, it's normally a third degree felony But, it goes up to a second degree felony when the target is a member of the Secret Service. So what the feds do, I don't know, they're, they're pretty opaque, but they did talk to us during this whole thing. And when they told us they were gonna take it over, you say, okay, at the state level, you defer to them when they want to take over a case.


Well, I personally would've been more comfortable with it in Dave Berg's hands. I'm, I'm not that confident in them, but I am confident in you, Dave, thank you for making the time for us on a very busy day. Thank you, Megan. Appreciate the nice words. All the best to you. Oh, wow. I, I mean quite a, quite a bit of information in there. So the guy went, it, it appears he drove 40 minutes north, then they finally apprehended him. I mean, kind of crazy. And they got him in a regular traffic stop. It was, doesn't sound like it was any more sophisticated than that. I'm thinking of the Idaho quadruple murder suspect, Brian Kohlberg and how they managed to get him when he remember reportedly, according to Howard Bloom, was on the radar of the feds.


But then they lost him and they ran his epass, I think it was his epass through to see whether it had hit in various locations. And they did. I don't know whether they did any of that. But he's in custody. It does not appear that he resisted arrest when they pulled him over in that 40 minutes after that 40 mile drive. And he did, according to the officials fire between four and six shots at Secret Service. Right now they're saying secret service did not fire back and did not initiate fire. We'll see whether any of that changes. Rich Lowry's back with me now, editor in chief of National Review. So you've got Democrats all over the place. Rich amping up the rhetoric around Donald Trump.


I I said to the last panel, what did it take one week, one week for them to get back on the Trump is a truth threat to democracy. Kamala Harris saying he unleashed the worst threat to democracy on this country since the Civil War. Since the Civil War. Yeah. Worse than nine 11. Right. The, the, the rhetoric, it whatever you think it is, it can go up even higher when the Democrats think about Donald Trump and within what half an hour of this news hitting, and I realize these guys are absolutely just awful. But within a half an hour of this assassination attempt hitting the news or or so the Lincoln project, these, I mean truly deeply Trump loathing, Trump derangement syndrome, guys release this.


I think we have it. I'll never forget that feeling, waking up that November day in 2016 and learning that Donald Trump would be the next president of the United States. I remember the overwhelming grief, I remember the women's marches across the country. I didn't know that on that November day that he would be responsible for the death of more than a million Americans through the mismanagement of a pandemic. I didn't imagine on that morning that he would incite so much hate and division in this nation that white nationalists would proudly march in the streets and his followers would try to overthrow my government. I couldn't know. He would appoint Supreme Court justices who would end my rights to my own healthcare decisions, thus ensuring my daughters have less rights than their grandmothers had.


I didn't know what he was capable of on that day. You Get it, you get the picture. Yeah. It goes on from there. These guys are absolutely just gross. Yeah. They're grifters on, on top of everything else. So look, clearly a common sense says that the level of of rhetoric and heap they've created around Donald Trump has played some role in this murderous enmity we've seen on the part of these two would be assassins. Although it's, it's very difficult to, to connect any one thing anyone says to, to the, these, these acts. The reason why I I think they shouldn't say he's an existential threat to democracy is it's not true. It's just, it's it's not true.


If, if he loses he'll, he'll complain about it. He'll say it's stolen, but he's not president of the United States. He'll have fewer buttons to push than he did last time. Nothing's gonna happen. And if he's elected, he, he might complain he should have been elected by a bigger margin, but it's not. So he's gonna try to overthrow the election. He won the, actually the other side will be the one potentially trying to block his ascension to the presidency. And they'll come up with some other russiagate tie way to, to try to undermine his legitimacy. And there may be unrest in the streets. And this is the thing is, even if they're not responsible directly, you know, any, any one person who's saying the stuff about Donald Trump, they all tell us how important norms are. And this is the, the the worst norm possibly you can, can trespass against.


Right. Attempting to assassinate a political candidate in the, for a candidate for president of the United States of America. And the level of outrage is like nothing. You know, they're more outraged by the cats and dogs thing he said about Springfield, Ohio than they are about people trying to kill him. Exactly. Right. And now, so you've got other lunatics on the left. I mean, I'll I'll give you the, you remember Alexander Finman, he testified Yeah. His wife Yeah. At the first Trump. Yeah. So his wife comes out moments after this, news breaks Rachel Finman and tweets, no ears were harmed, carry on with your Sunday afternoon. And then when she got all sorts of blowback, she tweeted, sorry, you're triggered a bunch of laughing emojis.


I mean, no, I'm not, I don't care. A little bit hand heart emoji. She couldn't care less. Yeah, we can tell that's quite obvious. And then, all right, that's fine. That's some no-name nobody's ever heard of. But would you listen to NBC Nightly News where on a Sunday they brought in Lester Holt to handle the special coverage? And this was his framing of today's news. Today's apparent assassination attempt comes And it increasingly fierce rhetoric on the campaign trail itself. Mr. Trump, his running made JD Vans continue to make baseless claims about Haitian immigrants in Ohio this weekend. There were new bomb threats in that town.


Our Maggie Vespa is in Columbus, Ohio with more Oh my God, rich. It comes amid increasingly fierce rhetoric from Trump and Vance. Yeah. We just saw this happen on M-S-N-B-C. Now it happens on NBC with Lester Holt. Yeah, it's, it's, it's blaming the victim. And I, I was actually just a, an hour or two talking to a Republican operative. He is like, rich. I wouldn't be surprised if in the next 24 hours someone on M ms NBC blames Trump. And then I checked by Twitter, I was driving in the car when I talked to him. And then when I, when I, when I got to the spot where I checked Twitter, there it was, it already happened on Ms. NBC. So it, it's just, it's just perverse and wait, it's fine if You wanna say, wait and that's not it.


That's not it. Lindsay Davis, you know, o obviously still her hands are still dirty from Tuesday night's debacle of a debate she brought in to, to cover ABC's Nightly news in the wake of her huge debate victory, which I guarantee you is how ABC sees last Tuesday. And listen to her coverage of what just happened. Details just coming in from West Palm Beach as a secret service, treating this as a threat against the former president. Agents have detained a suspect and have recovered a weapon. This comes two months after the former president survived an assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania. Pierre Thomas and Marielle's Parks lead tonight's coverage also tonight, Springfield, Ohio, on edge.


Local schools are being threatened with violence and a college shuts down activities after threats were made following the baseless rumors that Haitian immigrants have been eating pets. Okay, gotta move on to the pet story, you know, as our number two. Exactly. That's gonna, that's gonna, we'll do two minutes on Trump. And by the way, they're treating this as a threat, treating it the guy, a guy with an AK 47 style rifle, 300 feet away pointing at a do Yeah, it's a threat. Then he fired it for secret services. Yeah. You can go ahead and remove the qualifying language. Yeah. So I'm sure pain them to not, not have the Springfield thing, the, the top story. And that's the other thing, you know, going back to racial vin men, a an innocent man was killed.


Right. It wasn't just that a pre a a presidential candidate was grazed in the ear and, and, you know, a a couple millimeters away from having his brain blown out on live television, someone was killed. Right. So, just to, to have an offhand attitude about that. It's, it's appalling. And look, if they wanna say that Trump and JD Vance are responsible for some psychopath making threats against government authorities in Springfield, Ohio, then they have to blame their own side for this too. Be be consistent about, which is it? Does rhetoric, heated rhetoric cause violence or, or doesn't it? Right. But but you see in those segments, they'll have entirely different attitudes within minutes about the effect of, of rhetoric.


And she, you know, if the rules were at all fair as we discussed the night after the debate, she would've at least asked Kamala Harris, well, you know what? The, the man standing five feet from you was almost killed. And some people think, you know, your, your rhetoric, your side's rhetoric was responsible. What do you make of that? Right? But wouldn't it occur to her to ask that? And when, when Trump brought up the assassination attempt, of course it just dropped like a lead balloon and everyone moved on. They moved on. They had no interest in discussing it. Just this week, just this week, Melania Trump, who's coming out with a book and is doing minimal promo on it, released a video statement in which she said, the following rich, listen to this, The attempt to end my husband's life was a horrible, distressing experience.


Now the silence around it feels heavy. I can't help but wonder why didn't law enforcement officials arrest the shooter before the speech? There is definitely more to this story and we need to uncover the truth. Very fair question. She's the wife of the attempted victim. And let me just give you one example of the media's reaction to the former First Lady saying that, which is, it's extraordinary, it's valid. She's, look at this, here's Don Lemon who posts a video of her saying the same thing, and he's for the listening audience, rubbing his head, shaking his head no, putting his hand on his cheek and his chin rolling, his eyes smirking, throwing his hand up in the air.


Like, what an idiot. We're going to recut this with her actual sound so you can hear it. But he later divor deleted the tweet because good, he got so much blow back from fair-minded people saying, what the hell do you think you're doing? She's entitled to have fear and concern around this issue. And, but that's how clueless and heartless they are rich. That he felt fine making fun of the First lady, former First lady on this. And what happens within days, I mean, it could be counted in hours. It's so close, it happens again. Yeah. So, and, and I don't read her statement necessarily implying a conspiracy.


There, there, there certainly is more to learn a a about this. I, my, my instinct always is to go to ineptitude and incompetence before conspiracies. I think a lot of these people wouldn't be capable of, of carrying out a conspiracy, even if they wanted to. But I have to say, Megan, I've not met one person in Republican circles from, you know, donors to, you know, grassroots activists who thinks the, the secret service in the up and up. That, that, that the first assassin, I can't believe we're saying it, but the first assassination attempt, because it was so glaring, it was so awful. It's the exact thing that undermines insti faith in our institutions, which they say they want and we should all want. But you can't have faith one when, when you know, the, the, this, the, initially the director of the Secret Service tries to stay and says she, she's gonna reform this, this institution when she was responsible for the failure.


And then when just serially, just more and More stories come out, each of which make it seem worse than it was at the beginning. Again, I think it's ineptitude, criminal ineptitude. But people, of course, they're gonna have questions. If it had happened on the other side, they'd have questions too. I mean, Rachel Maddow would be doing nothing except for floating conspiracy theories. If Kamala Harris had been present, the Secret Service had been so lax in protecting her. Absolutely. Absolutely right. I we did cue it with Melania's sound. Let's just watch it. The attempt to end my husband's life was a horrible, distressing Experience. Closed his head. Now's Disgusted. The silence around it feels heavy.


I can't help but wonder why didn't law enforcement officials arrest the shooter before The speech? Shaking head no. Throwing his hands up. There Is definitely more to this story and we need to uncover the truth. Shaking his head, it ends with his head in his palm. Yeah. Wondering why they didn't arrest this guy sooner. The guy they identified what, 90 minutes earlier as a threat that they lost track of that ordinary people there at the event were pointing out. Of course you should wonder, you know, and, and, and right. The idea that that, that that's something you have, it's the inhumanity that sentiment you have contempt for is crazy.


The inhumanity of the press court, when it has anything to do with Donald Trump or his wife or his kids, they couldn't care less. We, how many tweets and, and posts did we see after assassination attempt number one? This is insane that we're having to talk like this, as you say. Who said they're sorry, he missed that he, they wish he had better aim people like Keefe Berman. Yeah, but beyond Keefe Oberman, I mean, it's just gotten to the level you heard the, maybe we can pull this, you guys, the joy read segment with Ellie Misal, literally the two most racist people on television. Truly, you, you, you couldn't find two more racist people on television. It happened, I think on Friday, where he said, the reason his disgusting deplorable fans don't abandon him is because they're equally disgusting.


That's so, it's, it goes beyond Donald Trump. It's everyone, it's all Republicans. Yeah. And that's why they have no empathy for Melania. The kids or anyone who tonight are probably feeling really scared about what's next. Yeah. So o once you've accepted the idea that he is the equivalent of an American Adolf Hitler, then, then the implication is one, all his supporters are, are equally morally blameworthy. They're the, the equivalent of brown shirts and violence is Yeah. Acceptable or understandable at least to try to stop them. Right. So, but the premise is, is flawed and, and wrong and perverse, but then you work out the logic and you, you get, you, you get this, this cruelty and, and heartlessness, I dunno what the solution to this is.


I mean, other than independent media, I just like the, the fact that NBC and Lester Holt chose to style the story in the way they did on the night of the attempted assassination just speaks volumes. Not to mention the trouble that a, b, C is in following that debate. I, I don't think there's any saving them. I think they reaffirm that to us every day. And I think it's sad. I think it's, it is part of the problem because they've become the open messengers for this crap cutting off Trump when he did try to talk about his assassination attempt, not raising the assassination attempt and what it means for this country and, and about rhetoric. And in the first instance, not to mention, not asking about Joe Biden's mental deficiencies, but when we could go on for an hour about what, how they fell down in the job.


They're part of it. They're actively working now Rich, to get her elected and to, and to coalesce around the narrative about how dangerous he is. And having worked inside that organization, NBC News, I can tell you that's exactly what they believe. Yeah. They're all basically, at the end of the day, the same people, democratic elites and media elites, they go to the same party. They go to the same places in the Hamptons, they say, share the same assumptions. They have the same attitudes, especially about social and and cultural issues. They are the same people. And it's just a fundamentally corrupt institution. Maybe decades ago, I used to think maybe if we bird dog them enough and call them out enough and counter their, their narratives with alternative reporting enough, they'll, they'll improve.


But they, they haven't, in the least, they've only gotten worse. And. it is just, there, there, there's no, no sense even hoping for something better at this point, I just, I can't get over the fact that our president hasn't said anything. The former president retweeted and didn't individually say anything, not even a generic statement about political violence. You know, Michelle Obama, who was so upset about the term black jobs, she said nothing. By the way, Biden used that term too. She didn't tweet a thing, nothing. She was, she's only outraged when Donald Trump does it. And she has absolutely no empathy in her heart for Donald Trump when he almost gets shot and his family, how about a word from her to Melania Trump, you're not gonna get it.


These are the people who wanna paint themselves as our moral betters, as the nice ones, as the kind ones. That was actually Kamala Harris' pitch. Right. That was her pitch in, in the debate. And when she sat down with that local Philadelphia anchor, you know, like she's the nice one and people are ready for unity, but they can't muster any genuine statements of empathy for the Trumps. When once again, his life was almost taken. It's just such a facade. Rich. Yeah, totally. And, and, and, and And it, the progression goes is way, the way it has with this one. If there's a third assassination attempt, they'll take it even less seriously. Right. When, when, obviously you should take it more seriously. But the, the standard is apparently it has to be hit by the bullet for it to be big news.


Yes. So, and, and, you know, never would've, I thought there'd be some rule, you know, the, there, they've created Trump rules for everything where they're new standards, but I never would've expected that assassination attempts would, would, would fall under Trump rules. Where if it happens to him, it's not a big deal. And it's not a big news story. But that's the way they're, they're handling it. And again, basic decency, basic respect for our institutions and people's faith in our politics is you should be outraged by this. Such that if you're the sitting president of the United States, even if you don't wanna win, even if you hate 'em, you, you tweet or you go out and make a statement or you give a, a speech in the Yeah. The Oval Office about how wrong this is. And they kind of muster that briefly the first time around.


But apparently can't be bothered this time. And maybe come up with a kind word for Donald Trump this time. Maybe say, he's a dad, he's a husband, he's a grandpa, and we really need to lower the temperature. Not, not just in general, but on our side about this man. That's what he should say. Yeah. But he, he's nowhere to be found. We have no idea where Joe Biden even is. He's probably asleep. It's seven 30. We haven't seen him publicly. I, in really a more than a ceremonial role recently. He's been on vacation for almost all of the past 10 weeks. And I have no idea whether he's even competent to come out, you know, and do it.


I did, we did find the El Misal, el Misal appearance on Joy Reed. Here it is. The way he desecrated Arlington National Cemetery would be career ending for normal politician. But his, his constant lies. But even this piece about saying, well, my building was the tallest until, you know, they brought down the World Trade Center. Now it's the second tall, I mean, everything he does is despicable. The reason why it doesn't end his career is because his supporters are just as despicable. 'cause the supporters are just as ungenerous and have just as little compassion and empathy for others. It never hurts Trump when he takes these crass and, and classless actions. It's because his supporters think that being crass and classless is actually kind of cool.


Yeah. And they also, he, he hates the people they hate. It's Just, Yeah, this guy's talking about, there's nothing lower press being cool for, for obviously zero self-awareness. And this is the key thing too, after the first assassination attempt, they said, we need to bring down our, our rhetoric. And, and Biden, you know, he, he seemed committed to that, to himself for like three, six hours or so at least. But if, if you wanna bring down the, the, the temperature, you gotta do it yourself. You know, policing your own side is more important than anything you say about the other side's rhetoric. Right. Because you could be, some people actually take him seriously. That's why he is on M-S-N-B-C. And if you actually told progressives, you know what, they're human beings too.


They're Americans too. We should have respect for them and we should be outraged. If someone tries to commit physical violence against them, maybe, you know, it makes a little bit of a difference. But they can't bring themselves to do it. By the way, regarding that, Trump saying that his tower was the smallest in New York City after the World Trade Center fell, if you listen to the interview from that day Yeah. He wasn't bragging, he was kind of stating it Right. To give context about the World Trade Center history during a 10 minute interview that day, A total misrepresentation. And he w Yeah, of course. Yet again, I mean, they're doing it to JD Vance right now. You saw, he gave an interview to Dan Bash today, and he, they had this long 17 minute exchange about what's happening in Springfield, Ohio.


And at the end of it, you know, after saying he'd heard from his constituents, yes, dogs and whatever, cats, pets, whatever, the whole thing he's saying, this is what they're telling me. She refused to accept that blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Finally, he, he said something to the effect of, look, if, if we have to create stories in order to bring attention to what's happening, the media, he admits they made it up. Right. As opposed to, and if you listen to the full clip, he says, by drawing attention to what's happening on the ground, it's just right as the blind goes online. Like, you don't hate me mean enough. Go Ahead. You remember alternative facts with Kellyann. They, they did the same thing. She wasn't saying, you, you make up fictions and pretend they're facts. You, you bring other facts to bear in the debate that are being ignored. And that's what he was saying.


And I loved, I think it was, and in that interview, or Dana Bash says, you know, the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls, and they've only found two Springfield residents calling to complain about Haitian mi migrants taking geese from ponds. Only two calls. And I think one lesson, this whole story, people don't care about geese. People really hate geese. You know, they, they all things considered, yeah. I think people would prefer Haitian migrants to come and take the geese off the golf course. Right. So it's, it is pets. Yeah. It's the cats and dogs has become the, the, the, the, the standard. GE geese clearly don't, don't matter. I mean, they, I I I read online, they're protected in Ohio. So I, you kind of should care, but whatever.


By the way, there are firsthand testimonials from many people. Well, all we keep hearing is they're not verified. I mean, what do you do? Do you call the cops? I don't know if you call the cops, if you see ducks being beheaded or if a a neighborhood cat that's not yours goes missing. Yeah. And there, this is not just happening in Ohio, by the way. They're now reports about this happening in other states and disgusting pictures all over the internet about what in the accusation is that migrants from these other countries are doing whatever. I mean, there's no, it's, to me, it's like if the Babylon b got it right, you know, Democrats deny that pets are being killed, would like us to focus more on the women and children Right. Being killed. That's right. That's the truth.


It's like, okay, whatever. I mean, you can get your panties in a bunch about the fact they, you haven't seen an a Haitian eating a cat on camera. Although you might have, you ignore the real issue of the little girls. The of course the women, the men. It's the, the children who've died anyway. Okay. This is the question I've mo most wanted to talk to you about since we asked you to come on. You said you would now what? Not, not security. I'm not asking you about that. Now, what does the left do over the next week or month? Because they do have to be careful about this guy. They, they have to two attempts to kill him.


And there's got to be some fear in the back of their heads that something they say is actually going to get him killed. So do they take their foot off the gas a little on this incendiary rhetoric? Or is it, we have weeks to go. Democracy is on the ballot and it's pedal to the metal in making him out to be just as horrid as they've already told us he is. It's the latter. I I think though this will have zero effect. The, the first assassination attempt did have some effect. You know, Biden gave that Oval Office address about how we, we all need to be more civil to one another. The coverage of the Republican convention was more favorable than the media coverage i a member of any Republican convention And.


it was because it, it was in the aftermath of this, this event where everyone agreed pretty much, you know, that, that Trump handled it in a, an amazing and courageous way by, you know, immediately standing up and, and rallying his supporters with that fist pump. You know, mark Zuckerberg even called it badass. I don't, I don't think this will have any effect like that. This, this will be a, a relative ripple again, as a major story may be gone tomorrow. And they will continue attacking Trump. The, the way they have, you know, they've made Kamala into something more than I would've thought. They, they could have, you know, but the media adulation and the democratic relief that she's not, Joe Biden has, has bumped her up much more than I, I would've expected. But they still need to dr to pull down Donald Trump.


That's a huge element of how they win this election. And there's no way they, they're conscious is gonna be strict, such that they, they don't use the kind of rhetoric that they think they, they need to, to beat 'em in November. I mean, if this is any indication, then you're right. Here's Bill Crystal used to be a conservative tweeting out. This came out at 6:30 PM 6:31 PM I mean, that's long after these events broke at 2:00 PM he tweets waltz should consider canceling the debate with Vance. He posts this on Twitter. He very clearly knows about the assassination attempt. Vance would use his time on the national stage to slander minorities further poison the national discourse and incite potential violence with lies incite potential violence with li with lies waltz could rebut Vance's falsehoods.


But why risk the further incitement? Unbelievable to the point where Donald Trump Jr. Had to respond and who could blame him Tweeting hours after a left wing Ukraine obsessed nut job attempts to assassinate my father NeoCon loser, bill Crystal accuses JD Vance of inciting violence. Does it get any more vile than this? You can't, you can't make this this up. You cannot just up, yeah. It just hasn't it, it hasn't entered his consciousness that this happened. Apparently at a certain level, Josh Marshall le less prominent, but he's, he's edited a, a left wing website for forever. This pretty influential online. He was tweeting just about half an hour ago as well. Let's focus on the main story today.


The cats and dogs in Springfield, Ohio. Right. Oh my lord. So that's, that's what they, that's what they think. That's what they're gonna do. That's what they're, they're gonna say, if I, Walt, I might consider canceling the debate. 'cause I think he's gonna have a real hard time handling JD Vance. But, but it, it, it, it shouldn't be because JD is illegitimate and out of bounds. Well, you're, that's an astute PO point. That's probably Bill Crystal foreseeing what you and I both foresee, which is JD Vance doing incredibly well. And Tim Walls not being able to hold his own and thinking, here's a great excuse to get out of it. Let's use Donald Trump's latest near death experience to, to our political benefit, to try to get him out of what's likely to be a debacle because they think she had such a spike, the ball ball in the end zone moment.


But I will say this, rich, they're so obsessed with the cats and dog story. Keep going. I feel like. Great. But have, has the country discussed the problem of illegal immigration and legal migration right. This much in two years? This, yeah. I don't think Lake and Riley got as much attention as this is now getting, which, if you needed to design a news story that's good for Donald Trump, this is what the one you'd pull. Yeah. And there's some people around the campaign who, who think of it exactly that way. It's, it, it focuses on an issue that's just not a strength of Kamala Harris is for understandable reasons and never will be. And you know, I thought JD was very effective in the CNN CNN interview making the point that never penetrates, that they'll never pay attention to or acknowledge that.


The real story is you had a town of 58,000 people as of the 2020 census inundated by 15 to 20,000 Haitian migrants. They didn't vote for this. It wasn't a public debate. No one said, let let's, let's bring 'em in. And so they, they had no choice in the matter. But the Biden administration one, some of them are illegal. And then the Biden administration is making migrants who otherwise would be illegal legal, just as a technical matter through these various parole programs and temporary protected status. And they have to go somewhere. Right. And they've settled on, on Springfield, Ohio. It's, it's the, the schools are obviously taxed by it. You have commun a community health center that's spending I know three times what it used to on translation services.


And the wait times have increased drastically. And you have a housing crisis that the city manager was complaining about a couple months ago. So this, this all affects the lives of real people. Whether cancer dogs are being eaten or not, even if they're not being eaten, this is still a debacle that is on Joe Biden. So, so the extent that it focuses attention on that, it it is a good thing. Oh God, it's so, all of this is just so awful. It's so dark. And I, it's so frustrating to see them just not care. But you know, back to the old Maya Angelou, when someone shows you who they are, there you go. Believe them. We believe in you.


Rich Lowry, thank you for being there. No, Thank you. I hope we don't do another one of these. Yeah, exactly. Hopefully we'll be talking about benign political news next time. Great to see you. All right, Thanks so Much. Now next we're gonna bring on you two. We're gonna bring on Susan Crabtree. You guys know that name, right? She's from Real Clear Politics and she owned, owned the Secret Service story after the first assassination type. This is how we're gonna have, you know, how it's like first impeachment, second impeachment, and we have the first criminal trial, but then there were four more criminal, or three more criminal trials waiting, right? It's just crazy about the, the amount of stuff that they tried to throw at Donald Trump. But you can't even keep track how many impeachments. Okay, there's two and there's, there's four criminal cases, but there were also three civil cases trying to get added up.


And now there's been two assassination attempts. And I mean, this is absolute madness. And you mark my words. These Democrats are gonna try to, to make it all Donald Trump's fault in that. Aren't you kind of over him? He's so controversial. You know, it's like his own fault. He's so controversial. He keeps getting shot at like, aren't you ready to move on from that, like a new way forward? As Kamala Harris is saying, like he's controversial. It's not our rhetoric about him, it's not our messaging about him. Not saying he's controversial, but saying he's Hitler that has amped up the temperature. Anyways, Susan Crabtree is here and she's got the latest for us on today's assassination attempt of our former president Donald Trump.


Susan, thank you so much for joining us. What have you learned? What's, what's interesting to you so far about the facts? What's really interesting to me, Megan, and thanks for so much for having me on, is that this guy we are hearing now and getting law enforcement confirmation, even though the FBI is not confirming that, his name is Ryan Ruth and they're leaving up all of his social media. He apparently used his daughter's car. He is a 58-year-old, a man who has a very public, public social media profile. And he seems very unsophisticated. Unless it's a false flag and unless this is what I'm incredibly worried about after today, you've had two assassination attempts.


The FBI says they work. That looks like the first one, Thomas Brooks was acting alone. That there was no foreign influence that they can see so far in their investigation, even though they only had one briefing with the media since the day of ju of Butler rally, the first assassination attempt. But I am seriously concerned that this shows the Iranians IRGC that we know from what Grassley released last week are pr plotting a very detailed, detailed assassination plots. They are current and granular against Donald Trump.


And this is showing them what kind of vulnerabilities the Secret Service has. Now, the Secret Service got a lot of plotted today about their, the way they handled this, they shot first they didn't wait to shoot. Now you held Thomas Crooks running across the roof and they weren't shooting at him yet. They didn't even know about him. They didn't know he had a gun until just minutes, seconds, minutes beforehand. Before when he popped his head up, that's when they finally found out that he was a real threat, not just a suspect. But in this case, we had this detailed, detailed assassination proffer that the FBI, well actually Grassley got a hold of it, but the FBI was incense that Grassley put this out.


And, it was a, basically the proffer is an interrogation that the FBI does with this man. This Pakistani citizen with deep ties to Iran. He spent two weeks in Iran and he was arrested the day before the Butler rally for planning an assassination attempt against Donald Trump and actually trying to hire Hitman in New York and pay them $5,000. So, oh My God. It's terrifying. This, I mean, if you haven't read, I will say to your viewers, if you have not read what Grassley put out, I have tweeted about it. I tweeted about it again today. It is, it is basically the interview that the FBI conducted with this man named Asif Merchant who they arrested on July 12th, the day before the Butler assassination attempt.


So you can see exactly the interview. He was in an Iranian safe house talking with a man. They identified as Yusef about whether they should u whether they should target a outdoor rally or an indoor rally, whether they should use a pistol or whether they should use a rifle. They said they e evaluated all the Secret service assets that Donald Trump was using. And we know from The Secret we know now, it's been very, we're all well aware that he was being treated as a former president just like Barack Obama or Jimmy Carter. He was not being afforded, it was not threat based as the Secret Service claims. They always operate threat based. But we know now that that was not the case with Donald Trump before Butler.


So they were evaluating this as I merchant was evaluating with in a Iranian safe house, the assets that the Secret Service was using pre Butler to, to protect Trump. And they assessed it was probably, they probably had a 50 50 chance of being successful in their assassination attempt. I mean, wow. I was, it was chilling. It was downright chilling. And Do we know the percentage beef up in Secret Service from assassination attempt number one to today? Yeah, well it's, I just was getting into this on Twitter and people are taking issue with me. I am told that it's, it's far more than he had before.


Okay. Obviously he only got his counter sniper the day of the Butler. The day before the Butler rally. When they were arresting the FBI was arresting the man I just mentioned. Okay, for assassination attempt But, it iss far more than what he had before. It's almost what I'm hearing. It's almost what a, a sitting president gets minus the mil military assets. Of course he doesn't have Marine one doesn't have Air Force one doesn't have the extra agents that carry the nuclear football with him. Doesn't have a military aid. But the key question I think for today is whether he had the security perimeter, does he have, they didn't, obviously they didn't have a security perimeter.


'cause this, this guy Ryan Ruth got right up to the fence and was poking his rifle through the AK 47 right through. And that's the only thing the Secret Service saw that indicated that there was a, a threat And. it was, you know, he was on the, it was in between the five and six hole on the golf course. And thank goodness the Secret Service, we had a good team around him because that Wasn't the case. Secret case. Was it Secret Service? Do we know Susan was, was it Secret Service? Yeah. Like proper, Yes, absolutely. The Secret Service. Yes. They, the Sheriff Bradshaw, the West, the Palm Beach Sheriff Bradshaw did say it was Secret Service and he gay said they acted in a fantastic manner today and was shooting, but did not shoot him.


Okay. One of my Secret service sources in that community said we know well, they didn't shoot him well, he was hiding in the bush. Is that, yeah, but The key question is that I would say, is that confirmed? Is that confirmed that he definitely did not, he did not pull the trigger first. 'cause you know, some online are saying be careful mean that you never Know. Okay, well, you know, that's what the law enforcement is saying. That's the official word. My Secret Service sources hasn't haven't said anything against that so far. They haven't, you know, okay. They don't say, I mean, I have Is it, is it in any way a breach of protocol for them to shoot somebody who's got an AK 47 style rifle, 300 feet from the president and is No, no, no, no. Obviously, right. They can shoot first. No.


What they, they, the whole issue for Butler that I was reporting early that people were taking issue with was there it is in their culture. If they don't see a gun, not to shoot, if they can't make out that it's an actual gun, if it's not a toy gun. But if they, at this point they, that's out the, you know, window, they're going to shoot, they're going to shoot if they see a gun, the, the suspect becomes a threat when you see the gun and pointed towards the president of the, or the former president. Yeah. What? That's, that's what it becomes A threat. What a threat. What if they say, what, if anything, did they say about the fact that, you know, it's, we're grateful that these Secret Service agents noticed the gun and saw this guy hiding.


But also there are, there are questions about why he was relatively unprotected so close to the open road. This guy just came up to the chain laying fence and shoved his gun in, in one of the links and almost took out Donald Trump. Like to me, that does seem like a failure of imagination or planning. Well, what I wanna know is, does Joe Biden get a security perimeter when he plays golf? Is it the exact same security assets does Biden have? Good question That Trump, did Trump get that same security assets today? Because we know they're available because Biden's not using them. Okay. So obviously that's the big question in my mind.


And did you know how many assets were there? We were the counter surveillance units. They were not there at Butler. Were they there today? Does, did Donald Trump say, well, you know, I really like to play golf so I need to interact with, you know, he had his, his friend and donor with him, his good friend Steven Whitcoff with him, you know, maybe they wanted to be able to be more accessible to the public. I don't know. You gotta, I'm asking the Trump campaign, is that something, there's a balance to be struck always with the, the candidate wants, you know, you can't put Trump now, you know, of course they're gonna reevaluate everything in terms of they instituted the bullet clo proof glass, glass last time on outdoor rallies.


I'm wondering, you know, if they have designed some type of popemobile that he has to be in now if he wants to go out. It's sad situation. But there's always this balance to be struck. The Secret Service would like him to stay indoors and operate like, you know, maybe like Biden did during 2020 election. You know, is that, that's Not Trump. Yeah, it's not Trump. He wants to interact. So you have to strike a balance. But what I wanna know is, obviously this was a perimeter problem. We had a perimeter problem in Butler. They put the a GR building outside the perimeter. There's questions surrounding why that happened in addition to why there was nobody on the roof. I'm told by my Secret Service sources as recently as yesterday that it, I've gone back and forth.


I've talked to the Butler, law enforcement. They say one thing, the Secret Service sources say another, that it was Law Enforcement's Fault that day. They did, they were in charge. The Secret Service charged them with protecting that building and they chose to go inside because it was hot. I, that is, I believe that's the case. I've had multiple sources tell me that. And so, you know, please come forward and show me the plan that had the Secret Service. Say they have a post plan where they show where everybody's supposed to be. The one thing that I will say, it's still on the Secret Service because they did not go through their checks. I'm told, you know, long ago in the Secret Service 10 years ago, 15 years ago, you had after, when everybody was ready, when there was five minutes, they call it Bravo, five minutes till Trump goes on, you do a, a security check.


Everybody in their post that they were assigned to. Yep. And they go through, their supervisor goes through everybody's there where they're supposed to be. That did not occur on at Butler or the lead agent when we know who she is. The lead agent from the Pittsburgh field office was not checking that, that day and allowed them when they protested to go inside. So I'm still worried about this, that they're still leaving these perimeters open and you know, Trump has gotta reevaluate what, how he's gonna operate from now on. I mean, he, he has to do some he private security. I, he needs private security. I just don't, I don't, It's sad because the Secret service that he has now, I'm sure he has the best that the agency has to offer now because you know, the gig is up.


Right. You, you, you didn't, I have been told by multiple sources that Cheadle did not like Trump. Okay. Okay. So everyone asked me, was it political? Tell Kim Cheadle I'll tell you, tell the woman forced out but not, not fired. Okay, keep going. Susan. Correct. And his, her deputy, her hand selected deputy is Ronald Rowe. So, and Myorca has chose him to move up to the acting position when she left. So is this is the same cabal, these are the same people that are responsible, but now he knows he is on notice that it's on him now, is he gonna be able to keep the position? He is gonna be elevated. All of everything that you see him do right now is motivated by whether he keeps his job and whether he's elevated to the top position.


And I think he's really concerned about what the Donald Trump detail think of him. Now, all of a sudden, even though I am told he was directly directly, and he says no at the hearings, even when the senators asked him about this question about my reporting, he said, no, I didn't have anything to do with denying the security assets. I'm told that is not the case that Ron Roe has direct. He, he was Mike Platy who retired last week, who announced his retirement last week. He was the one who signed off on it. His director of protective operations for Secret Service signed up off and all the assets. So his signatures on everything. But that, you know, Roe definitely comes in and there's a conversation.


He even testified July 30th in front of the Senate that there's a conversation on all these assets. So he plays a role. You cannot tell me He did not. My sources tell me. I mean, but your point is so valid. They had a perimeter, they had a catastrophic perimeter breakdown two months ago. So the perimeter should be front of mind as Kareem Jean Pierre likes to say. And it wasn't, once again, it was a perimeter problem. This is what we played a bit of this earlier with Dan Bino when he testified before Congress about this issue, former Secret Service agent. I actually asked my team to go back and, and cut the full two minute clip that's been circulating. 'cause it's very powerful. I'd love to get, as somebody who knows the Secret Service better than anybody, I'd love to get your reaction to it.


Let's listen to him. Sure. Mr. Bonino, in your opinion, is a secret service in a better spot today with Director Rowe in Charge? No. It's, it's worse. And, and sadly I'm glad this is all being recorded. 'cause when something else happens, and I hope it doesn't, I pray to my Lord and savior Jesus Christ that I'm wrong. That you play this and go, look, that guy was crazy. You think this is the last incident? You're outta your mind. We have seen these incidents over and over. We saw the Georgia Grenade incident with President Bush. They overtook the magnetometers, the Secret Service leadership in charge now with the exact same people. Exact same. Can you imagine a c-suite or a company that makes widgets? We find out that the, there's a design defect.


The widget explodes and kills 10 people and the CTO gets a promotion to CEO. You understand that's what happened here. Correct. These are the same people. Kim Cheadle, the director wasn't even fired. She wasn't allowed to resign. She'll go get some cushy jobs somewhere. And her deputy, who is one of the guys behind these stupid waste of time, things like agents wearing red ties on the detail be this actually happened by the way, you, you, these people will tell you this on oath if you get the right people. He was concerned about the tie color of the agents on the detail because it seemed to imply he supported President Trump. Congressman Biggs wearing a red tie.


You're wearing a semi red tie. It has nothing to do with anything. This is the kind of stuff the Secret Service was actually wasting their time with while withholding CSU counter surveillance assets and counter sniper assets from probably the most threatened man on earth. If you can explain it, good luck. 'cause that's not the agency I worked for. Amazing job by Dan. He was so on point as he always is. And you know, you hate to say I told you so or that he called it on something like this. He's, he'd much rather not have the, I told you so moment, but man, he nailed it. Oh yeah, no, that he has been saying that for, for weeks. And I, I completely, completely agree.


It was Ron Rowe. My sources tell me that had that issue with the red tie. So, you know. Oh my Gosh. Yeah. It was Ron Rowe and he is the acting director. It is the other thing that I am completely concerned about right now. I am, I was just working on a story about this today, trying to finish it up because it's more technical than some of my other stories. But the fact that they are not using drones, they're starting to, they're really rushing into it. But if you looked at Mom, the, there's an email on the day of July 30th that I put out from a counters sniper. I kept him anonymous. A Counters sniper and a secret service that was just completely fed up because the Secret Service has, you know, as Dan likes to say, the Secret Service motto is yesterday's technology tomorrow.


So they, they, they're just not technologically advanced in any way, shape or form. And there's so much frustration about that. And they put out this new research and development right after the Butler rally and the Counter Sniper was taking issue with that. And he said, oh, too little too late. And he replied all to every member of the Uniform Division of the Secret Service. And someone said, you know, did you mean to reply all? And he said, absolutely. And he downloaded like, yes, absolutely. I am sick of the CYA culture. He called it in the Secret Service leadership. They all need to go. He predicted another assassination attempt within 30 days.


Well, you know, he was wrong only by 30 days. Yeah. He predicted this, this is, you know, the, this is counters sniper person who has a lot on the line, but people are rank and file members are just fed up by the leadership. And there has been this slow role on lu lowering the standards in the Secret Service for the last 10 years because of a lot of reasons. You know, you know that Cheadle was very big on the 30 by 30 initiative, meaning 30% women ridiculous agents by 2030. And but there's also other lowering of standards. They say they don't practice with their, with their rifles as much anymore. There used to be much more a practice in that that They Well, that would explain missing.


Yeah. They, I mean when they found out right last in Butler, I think the Counter Sniper did a really good job. But we don't even know if there were Counter Snipe. But there No, but today, today, Today, today they had the guy is one guy running away. You have two snipe or two, two Secret Service agents. They say between four and six rounds fired. Not one hit him. That's right. And you know, the, we don't even know if there was a counter sniper at that event. You know, that's a key question to me too. Was there counter surveillance unit, they had this bubble, you know, they had one, some secret service agents going advancing on the next hole. Some behind him. They call it the bubble. But they didn't have the perimeter secured. And so, you know, what are we gonna do? What, what do we do going forward with this?


But I'm concerned about the lack of drones. 'cause a drone could have spotted the sky. If somebody was circulating the drone, did they have a drone? I doubt they did. And the resistance has been since 2016. And I would say, I'm gonna have a story about this as soon as I can get it out with this new assassination, second assassination attempt. It's just unbelievable to me. But they have, resisting leadership has resisted this since 2016. They have had information, very detailed information, Congress now has that detailed information about why they should have the, a drone program. They've had people wanting to do it and they've denied them the ability to participate in the drone program.


They have tethered drones at permanent sites like Camp David and the White House, but they don't use regular drones. And, and there are people up in arms. And that was one of the issues that the counters sniper was taking. The anonymous one that sent that email was taking issue with that day. That's crazy. Is basically, this is too little too late. A dollar too short. You know, a day short. It's just ridiculous. If this guy, Ron Ruth is the one who, who made all these mistakes and was focused on the color of the ties and once again, and didn't secure the perimeter. I mean, he's, he's gotta go too. Who's gonna get fired? I just asked this wrong. Trump said this the other day during the debate. He's like, they don't fire anybody. They didn't fire the people responsible for the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal.


Nothing can get you fired by this administration. The first assassination attempted not result in Kim Cheadle being fired. She was forced out, but she was given the dignity of resigning, which she should not have been afforded. And now here we are again with another guy obsessed with Thai color too, focused on that apparently to keep the president safe. I'm sorry, hats off to the two secret service guys or however many it was ultimately who saw the shooter in the bushes? But there was obviously a perimeter problem even. I can see that. Absolutely. And the two people, okay, there's a lot of dissension going on between the Pittsburgh field office. They put four people on work from home leave, and they only put one on from the Donald Trump detail.


So there's a lot of people saying, well, that's not fair. We didn't even know. And I'm breaking this news on your show today. We didn't even know about the Iranian threat. And the Donald Trump detail did know about the Iranian threat. The field offices are very resentful of that. But Mike Platy, who's the director, assistant director of Operations protective Operations, he was encouraged to retire, encouraged That's it. To retire. That's, that's closest we could get. That's the direct quote. That is the direct quote. Now I'm told that if people like him, he's a good guy. But he was too much of a yes man because he did sign off on all those denials that, that Roe and Cheadle were pressuring him to do.


And we can also talk about, you know, c Chile's ro role in the, the, you know, co cocaine coverup issue if you would like. I mean there's layers. Yeah. What did happen there? Layers and layers of problems here. It it's kind of this, it's an unbelievable place. So, you know, we have too much, when you have the director of the Secret Service being selected by a sitting president, there's a problem. You had Jill Biden very involved in Kimberly Cheadle ability to get that Pepsi job at PepsiCo, for instance. That's where she came from. She was assigned to the Vice president's detail and that's how she got close to the Biden family and Jill Biden.


And so when it came time to name someone, they named someone who was the closest to them. I'm told that this is not, this was not a good hire. That she did not have the right reputation we saw. Yeah. And, and the fact is that, you know, you have too much, too much that there was a Blue Ribbon Commission that was I covered in 2015 that said the number one problem is that the Secret service director should be appointed from the outside. It should not be someone who came from within the ranks. 'cause there's this sort of cabal Well, what happened with the cocaine, I'm told, and I've written a story about this that you can see on my, on Real Clear Politics website, if you look under my, my name, that Kimberly Cheadle was pressuring the forensic services division to destroy the cocaine And.


it was a, they'd only did that. They got a partial DNA hit. They sent it to the Martin of Homeland Security. They sent it to the FBI. They got a partial DNA hit on the bag of cocaine. No fingerprints. But they got a partial DDNA hit, meaning I had to have that explained to me, meaning that there was somebody that was a relative that they had to fingerprints on. They had some DNA already, sorry, the DNA already. And they had a partial match, a family member. Okay. But they were not willing to go and interview all the people that was in the White House complex that weekend. Wow. It was a very slow weekend.


But she was trying to get that cocaine destroyed. And I'll have another supplement article about this. And she was forcing the forensic services division chief named Glen Dennis to destroy it. And this other, this other person in the uniform division who, the one who found it, they are the ones who found it. You know, those are the people that really protect the White House. You see them standing around the White House, the Uniform Division, not the special agents. They found it. And so their boss said, no, no, no, I really, really don't want, we, we have a protocol here. It's a seven year protocol. We keep our evidence in that evidence vault. Okay. And he said, no, he was, he was acting at the time, head of the Uniform division.


He was a black guy. And you know, Cheeto really loves, loves the diversity, equity and inclusion program. She was big on DEI, but he did not get, he wasn't elevated to the position. They hired someone from the outside Oh, a different person, a white man to take that position ahead of him. And that raised a lot of eyebrows because they were, okay. So people know, people in the Secret Service community know that they were just trying to destroy that. And they did not do a good job with that investigation. They, as you know, Megan, they have these waves reports that everybody who comes into the secrets, it's into the White House complex on any given day. You have those records. So on the, it was the Sunday before July four, so it was a very slow weekend.


The president's family, president's family had gone to Camp David, and then they came back for July 4th. Okay. It was very limited number of people in the week in the White House complex that weekend. They could have interviewed those people. They're the Secret service. Are you telling me, one of my sources said, are you telling me that as a secret service we're projecting outward, that we cannot find somebody within the, the all the workers 500 workers at the White House Complex? You're just broadcasting that. We're not able to investigate that properly by saying that. Yeah. That we're, we didn't wanna violate their civil rights. We didn't wanna violate their civil rights. Was the excuse that Anthony Gmy, the spokesman that I've had a contentious Relationship with.


Oh, he, he's the one who kept tweaking you when you were reporting early on about Butler and all of your information turned out to be right. He was openly saying, you are wrong, Susan. He was tweeting openly saying, you are wrong. So it was pretty extraordinary because usually Secret Service will stay quiet. Or if they know that they, that they're gonna say a lie, they'll just, they won't, they'll dodge or they'll say it, you know, without their name attached to it. He attached his name in openly trying to crap on all of your reporting. And did you ever get an apology from him when it all turned out to be correct? I'm not sure I can say. I've had discussions with him about that.


And I've told him I'm extremely unhappy about that. They are working with me better. I will say not not great, but I'll bet they're Disaster as letter better. But I will say that I've known and I put that out there. I said, okay, you wanna do that? You didn't answer all of my questions. And I took a screenshot of the six very detailed questions I asked them the day after the assassination. I said, you don't wanna answer me? You don't wanna call me. You have my number. They, he ha I had just talked to him one month before because there was, you know, we had some warning signs about problems within the Secret Service just the month before when we had that wo a woman, her name is Michelle Zi, have unfortunately have a mental breakdown at Joint Base.


Andrew, she was attached to Kamala Harris's detail. Yeah, yeah. It was A female Secret Service agent who had like a emotional breakdown. Correct. And she was, you know, tackling her supervisor and, you know, she had a gun in her holster. So they had to disarm her. It ended up being a sec, you know, a security problem for them. They, it was, it was scary for the, the agents around their, her that day, they tackled her, got her gun away from her. And I'm told that this woman, again, layers and layers of problem, that that woman, Michelle Herzig was actually put through, went through training at the Rally Training Center. And she, the people complained that she was kind of off mentally.


And Kimberly Cheadle was the head of the rally training center at the time and pushed her through that, that I know for a fact that happened. So, I mean, we were talking layers and layers that that woman also, she would never have been hired by the Secret Service. 'cause she sued the Dallas PD for sexual harassment And, it was thrown out and then it was thrown out again on appeal. So that would've been a red flag for the Secret Service not to hire her to begin with, you know, so, I mean, I had been in touch with your point Earlier is such a good one though, when you said that the director of the Secret Service should not be hired from within, because I understand Jill Biden was all buddy buddy with Kim Cheadle. And that close personal friendship almost got Donald Trump killed And.


it did get a, a poor individual man killed who had a wife, who had two beautiful daughters. And that's on her, that's on her. And, and it's, frankly, it's on Jill Biden for thinking that her, her buddy was qualified just because she knew this person would run cover for her. So you're putting, because I don't care that the first family's comfortable with Kim Cheadle when they made the selection. What I care about is us Rich Lowry was on half an hour ago saying, you know, can you imagine if this had been successful, like how it would've divided the country? It would've torn us in two, especially in the wake of the first assassination attempt.


I mean there, the volatility that would follow such an event, putting aside the severe trauma to the Trump family would be unlike anything we've seen in modern history. And so it should not be up to the first family. This has to be somebody that anyone could agree is qualified above board is not going to be the little errand girl for the Bidens, et cetera. And if we haven't learned that lesson by now, then shame on us. You know, I, I feel certain if Donald Trump gets in there, he will rectify this very certain Kamala Harris, he Was the first one, Don actually, he, he actually did, was the first one to name the, a director outside of the Secret Service.


He named T Oh wow. Tex Ales is his name. He was a former Marine General And it yet, but the cabal got to him and they pushed him out. It, I mean, Oh, gosh, he went, he left when the Homeland Security Secretary left. I think her name was Kirsten Nelson. I think that's right. Yeah. But yeah, Tex Ls left at the same time she did. But he got pushed out by all the people within the Secret Service that think that that control things. And it's really, there was really a culture, and I hate to say this culture of corruption in the Sacred service. They, they don't, they have uneven discipline. We've seen that since carna. You know, some people get a slap on their wrist, especially if they, That's when everybody's running around with prostitutes.


Right, exactly. Yeah. I remember is the keep going. But people, there was uneven discipline and there, and there remains today, even during polygraphs, I already reported this. Some people, if they're connected to, you know, former members of Secret Service former leadership, or if it's some like a daughter or maybe just somebody's friend, they can redo their polygraph. And there's been whistleblowers about this that I cited in my stories and, and Congress knows all about this, that, oh, you can redo your polygraph if you failed it. And what does that say about the standards? No, I'm not kidding. Not, yeah. I mean, this is what happens. Really help supposed to work. They, they even, okay, this is a deep concern. I reported this in a story about Iranian spying.


Whether it's help hurting our ability, you know, the national security ability to protect Trump and others. You know, everyone, there's a lot of problems with Iranian spying in this administration, as we know with Rob Malley, the Iranian envoy, Biden's, Iranian envoy. And so somebody, they actually put through somebody an, an applicant in the Secret Service. I have firsthand sources on this who failed the terrorist questions on their polygraph. What? I'm not kidding you, it's in my, it's in my story. And I also quote an Obama administration senior, former senior Obama administration intelligence official who said, he didn't say which one, but he said our protective services and he named Secret Service DHS and Air Marshals.


They are penetrated by Iranian assets, either wittingly or unwittingly. They have been penetrated. Oh my lord. I mean, this is, this is going from bad to worse here. Listen. Yeah. One, it's getting scary. I, I, I confess I didn't know you before. The real clear politics beat for you. And I have since become such a fan. God bless you. Thank God you're on this beat. I assume this will continue. And so let's get specific about how people can find you. Go to real clear politics.com and then what You just, there we have a list of writers and then you can click, click on me and then you can get all of the right, all of the stories I've done over, you know, years.


But in the last two months has been focused on secret service and this Iranian spying issue. And I just really appreciate, I've always been a fan of yours, Megan, and I just really appreciate your, your deep concern about this issue and how, you know, how much airtime you're giving it when people wanna, before the second assassination attempt, I was feeling like people were moving on even though we had this very explosive, you know, report by Grassley last week with this Iranian, I mean, it was detailed, but I it wasn't getting that much play. And I think unfortunately we need to make sure that this is, has about, this is not just about Donald Trump, okay? It is about Donald Trump this right now.


But it's about continuity of government and it's about our democracy, our ability to participate in politics as we see fit as Americans who comparatory, he, I mean, that's the worst thing we could have happen to our ability as Americans. Yeah. The murdered dad murdered in front of his family members at a rally that he had every right to feel to go to and feel secure at. And so I really appreciate your attention. Well keep on keeping on Keep go get 'em and we'll be following and stay in touch. Please. We'd love to have you back. Thank you so much, Megan. Wow. Extraordinary information there, right? Can you believe all that?


I mean, this organization is a mess. It's just a mess. It explains so much. No wonder they're dropping the ball. I mean, I realize that the person responsible for what almost happened to Trump today is this man who's now in custody. But let's face it, there was a perimeter problem today as well. And it's even more egregious because it's exactly what was happening at Butler. A perimeter problem in essence. I mean, it's not the same exact circumstances, but that's what the problem was. That building from which the shooter shot Trump and Coro Vitori was outside the perimeter. We did just get this in couple of things here.


Okay, let's see, we have sound from Ryan Ruth, the suspect. It was, I don't know when this was, this Newsweek interview he gave fall June of 2022. Okay, so this is just two, two years ago for some reason he gave an interview to Newsweek. I don't know what Newsweek, Romania, what? Bizarre, I don't know the circumstances, but this is gonna be our first look at him talking and, you know, explaining some, some piece of his worldview in the not too distant past. Let's watch More emotional for me is also is just talking to the guys that have come here. You know, when you talk to a 20-year-old guy that sold everything he owns to come here fight that is heroism.


You know, he is coming here to risk his life for humanity, for the Ukrainians. You know, guys that sell everything they own to come here and support the Ukrainians while others sit at home and, and, and do nothing. You know, it's an indictment of our entire human society to say, Hey, you know, where do we stand? Do we, do we stand for, for good. Or, or do we just not care? I mean, does the, does the world not care? That's, that's the feeling that I, I wrestle with every day, every day in my interactions with everybody. You know, every one of us is responsible for the outcome of this war. Every one of us.


That's really interesting. He's in that clip wearing a flag sweatshirt, American flag, and he's got on the right half of his head gray hair, and on the left half of his head blonde hair. He was definitely very is, I mean, he's still alive, obsessed with Ukraine. That's an issue that Trump has been ambiguous on, to be honest. Others in the Republican party, including JD Vance and RFKJ, who just endorsed Trump, have said it's, you know, enough's enough. Enough is, enough, is enough, and it's time to pull out. I don't know. It's, it's very hard to respond rationally to such an irrational person. But that's him talking about Ukraine, which was obviously a very big, very big issue for him.


FYI, the New York Times once interviewed this guy too in 2023. So last year about his support for Ukraine's War against Russia. How, how did he make their radar? Why would they interview this guy? Well, we'll have to figure this out, including plans to conscript former Afghan troops in de Kiev's military. I mean, it's interesting. Mary Catherine Ham just tweeted on all of his media interviews. So isolated Nutter is gonna be a harder sell. When the New York Times was happily quoting him as a sophisticated activist, she's not wrong. Sefo interviewed him. How? Why?


We're gonna know all the answers to these, those questions we will figure out, we will. The FBI can't hide that stuff. We're gonna have to figure all of that. Guys, this has been an extraordinary day. I don't, I just feel sort of unsettled, right? It's like, I'm worried he is gonna get killed, right? Aren't you? I'm worried he's going to get killed. How can they stop it unless they treat him like he is the current president and respond accordingly with Secret service assets. Trump is gonna get killed, and I, I have nothing but concern and love and empathy for his family having to deal with that fact right now.


Trump, for what it's worth, is typical Trump. I read you at the top of the show, the statement he put out, again, here it is. There were gunshots in my vicinity. But before rumor starts spiraling outta control, I wanted you to hear this first. I am safe and well, nothing will slow me down. I will never surrender. I will always love you for supporting me. Sean Hannity over on Fox News reported that Trump said in the conversation to him, something to the effect of, I was doing pretty well on, on my golf round. Did, I kind of wanted to finish. He said to something like he was even, and he was about to shoot a birdie. So good for him, right? Finding humor in this. And I think probably it takes a while to sink in that it almost happened again.


I am kind of thinking about Melania right now. She didn't want him to run for president. They had a great life. People love Trump. He was fun. The left loved him, the right loved him. He wasn't that controversial. He was a bomb viant type in New York, and I'm sure she was loving their wonderful life with their son Baron. And her stepchildren Trump's children. And then he felt the need to do it. He'd always toyed with the idea of getting political. You can see that in a lot of the early Donald Trump interviews where he, he considered whether he might run for president one day, and they say that that Barack Obama White House dinner where he was just so disgusting and nasty toward Trump, I realized the birtherism, I get it, but you know, really low blows that infuriated Trump sitting there that night.


And they say that's when he determined he was gonna do it. That he was gonna run and he was going to succeed Barack Obama. And he would undo the things that he didn't like about that presidency. And boy did he ever, I mean, Barack Obama's pen and phone didn't prove to be very valuable once Donald Trump got in there and look what they've done to him. Look what's been done to him ever since. They ruined his first term with the Russia, Russia, Russia nonsense. They impeached him. He had spent all his time devoted to that, trying to keep Don Jr. Out of the clutches of the authorities, having people like Michael Flynn railroaded.


You not, there's no crime, but you lie to us. And so you're going to jail. And I mean so many people around him in the crosshairs, and then I'm not gonna defend his behavior around January 6th. They're losing the election. I, I never have. But the second impeachment was unnecessary. They did it anyway. And Nancy Pelosi quickly ran around to all the TV stations saying, twice impeached. Twice impeached. They rubbed his nose in it, and that's why they did it twice impeached. And when they realized that because he wasn't convicted, he could still run again. They started with a lawfare. That was the before and after moment. We've managed never to do it in 250 years.


And they crossed that line. The raid at Mar-a-Lago, the Alvin Bragg indictment, 34 felonies over the same exact act, one piece of behavior, 34 felonies that moron and her partner down in Atlanta, Jack Smith thinking, he's Elliot ness. He's figuring out where all the crimes are, and he's gonna be the one to hold Trump accountable. A partisan hack And. it fell apart. It fell apart because it was baseless. And good judges for Trump, or bad judges, judges for Trump. The law is the law. The verdicts against Trump in the civil cases did not fall apart yet, unfortunately.


So he's still facing some five or $600 million in civil judgments because Tisch James in New York decided to try to close Trump Tower and Trump's business. Eugene Carroll got the law changed for her, so she could bring a lawsuit funded by Democrat operatives against Donald Trump. Same way, Christine Blasey Ford found some Democrat operatives to bring her claims forward against Brett Kavanaugh, who Trump was, of course, that was Trump's pick, who Trump defended and stood behind something no other president would ever have done. He didn't fold the same thing that makes him say fight after getting shot in the ears. The thing that made him stand behind Brett Kavanaugh. It's the thing that makes him tweet.


I hate Taylor Swift. It's the thing that makes him bring up pets and the dog's name. He doesn't give a shit that you question his strategy. He's accomplished the unac accomplishable, notwithstanding the odds against him, but an assassin's bullet if allowed access to him over and over and over again, won't miss every time. It's insane that we now have to use two hands to talk about the number of legal cases against him and two fingers to talk about the impeachments and two fingers to talk about the assassination attempts.


Let's pray it stops at that. We'll have full coverage for you to tomorrow on the show, starting at Noon East Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11. And as you know, we drop the show later as a podcast and then youtube.com/ m Kelly. Thank you all so much for watching us and listening to us tonight. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care now in network with most insurances. That's CARO n.org.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com/rewards to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we Prohibited by law. Visit sling.com/reward/official-rules for more details.