
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, March 11th, 2025, and this is your AM update. We're outta money. I mean, we're, we're, we're running outta beds in two weeks As the shutdown deadline. Looms of borders are Tom Holman warning, Congress immigration officials are running out of money fast. I, I'm confident if we have the right policies, it it'll be a very smooth transition. Trump officials seeking to ease economic concerns as markets tumble amid tariff wars. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau finally ousted by his party and what's behind the sudden rise of Democrat, Senator Chris Murphy. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM update.


Okay, so you're thinking about what to get that person who has everything, or maybe you are that person that has everything and you just happen to appreciate the finer things. Well, do you want something really special? Consider hot salt. This is such a unique fun gift. Yes, hot salt, exquisite, savory heat. Now you're interested. So let me tell you about Firecracker Farm. A wonderful little family company that makes hot salt, a delightful spice infused sea salt. It has the perfect amount of heat and amazing flavor that makes everything taste better. Word is getting out and people are loving it. And that is because it's made with love. People can feel it and taste it. It's a small batch family operation, so supplies are limited. It comes in sleek stainless steel push grinders really cool. Plus you can take them anywhere when you run out. They have refills a little too spicy for you. Just mix it in with some regular sea salt to tame the heat, but you won't need to. It's blended to perfection. Honestly. It's the best thing to happen to food since fire. So what are you waiting for? Go to Firecracker Farm right now and use the code mk at checkout for a special discount. That's Firecracker Farm code. Mk. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. You're gonna thank me


House Speaker Mike Johnson. Likely to hold a vote later today on a six month funding extension to avert a government shutdown. The deadline 11:59 PM on Friday, just three days away with the house so narrowly divided and the funding bill facing full democratic opposition. Speaker Johnson has little room for error. Republican congressman from Kentucky, Thomas Massey, remaining firm in his opposition, which means every other GOP member must vote yes in order for this bill to pass the house. 3G OP Congressmen expressing some hesitation. Texas Congressman Tony Gonzalez telling CNN he'll make a game time decision. Political reporting, Pennsylvania Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick and Florida Congressman Cory Mills also on the fence.


Speaker Johnson, however, appearing confident he has the votes telling reporters quote, no one wants to shut the government down and we are doing the responsible thing as Republicans. Speaker Johnson saying, it will then be up to Senate Democrats to do the right thing. However, the hurdle to clear the Senate getting a little bit higher with Republican senator from Kentucky Rand Paul's announcement he will be voting no. Senator Paul posting on x quote. The bill continues spending at the inflated pandemic levels and will add 2 trillion to the debt this year. Count me as a hell no. Democrats oppose the bill saying it takes away the power of the purse from Congress handing too much control to President Trump.


As the fight over government spending continues, the strain on immigration enforcement is becoming more urgent. We're outta money. I mean we're, we're running outta beds in two weeks. I mean, we're at about 46,000 in custody now. We ought to be about 65,000 this at this point in time. And, and when we run outta beds, as soon as we stop interior enforcement operations. 'cause when we arrest somebody, we gotta have a bed to put 'em in for removal. So Congress does and they need to get us some funding we need so this administration can hold the keep the promises they made to American people. The CR contains nearly 500 million in additional funding for immigration enforcement officials say they need the funding to expedite the removal of criminal aliens from within the country.


Homeland Security today announcing an upgrade to the Biden Administration's c BP one app. The app allowed more than 1 million migrants to apply for asylum prior to arrival in the US Once processed migrants were released on parole, often with appointments scheduled years down the road. That program ended following a day one executive order from President Trump. The revamped app now called CBP Home allows illegal aliens a streamlined process to self deport Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome writing in a statement quote, the CBP home app gives aliens the option to leave now and self deport so they may still have the opportunity to return legally in the future and live the American Dream Secretary Noam going on to say, if the migrants do not self deport, they will be found deported and never allowed to return.


Wall Street. Starting the week in the red as recession fears shape investor confidence, the Dow dropping nearly 900 points s and p 500 dropping 2.7% and the NASDAQ falling 4% on Sunday. President Trump downplaying concerns to Fox business. Are you expecting a recession this year? I hate to predict things like that. There is a period of transition because what we're doing is very big. We're bringing wealth back to America. That's a big thing. And there are always periods of it takes a little time, it takes a little time. If you look at China, they have a hundred year perspective.


We have a quarter, we go by quarters. That's true. And you can't go by that. You have to do what's right. What we're doing is we're building a tremendous foundation for the future. These comments, after a rough week in the markets, investors worrying over tariff wars and the impending possible government shutdown on Friday, the s and p closed down 3.1%. Its worst weekly drop in six months. Trump administration officials like their boss insisting the pain is necessary to build a more resilient economy. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant telling CNBC that the administration's goal is to shift from government driven growth to a private sector led economy.


We are trying to transition from public to private and I talked about we are going to have safe and sound regulation to get our banking system going again. So the banks should be generating loans to private companies. Employment should be from private companies, not from government. And you know, I I'm confident if we have the right policies, it it'll be a very smooth transition. Yeah, The center of this strategy tariffs on Sunday, president Trump doubling down on what he calls the most beautiful word in the dictionary. We're gonna take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and we're gonna become so rich.


You're not gonna know where to spend all that money. I'm telling you, you just watch. We're gonna have jobs, we're gonna have open factories, it's gonna be great For now. The markets remain skeptical coming up. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Officially Replaced as head of his party. And what's behind the sudden media rise of Democrat Senator Chris Murphy. Is he really a party star? All that and more in just a moment.


There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity, and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with the recorder, and just like that your home's title is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you would not even know it had happened until it was too late. Here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from any of this, but I wanna tell you about Home Title Lock to protect your home and equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title. If fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment, don't leave it vulnerable Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. You just go to Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off your subscription and a free title history report to make sure you're not already a victim. Protect your home and equity today. That's Home Title Lock dot com promo code Megan 25


Former banker, Mark Carney set to become Canada's next prime minister. Securing 86% of the vote in the liberal party leadership election. Mr. Kearney will succeed current Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who announced his resignation from the post in January. Upon the election of a new party leader under Mr. Trudeau's leadership, the liberal party suffered declining support amid sluggish economic numbers and internal party turmoil. The resignation of finance minister Christia Freeland, who was critical of Mr. Trudeau the final breaking point in Mr. Trudeau's nine year run atop the government, Mr. Carney previously led the Bank of Canada and the Bank of England. Canadian liberals believe he's the man for the moment as their country faces an existential threat posed by President Trump's tariffs.


In his victory speech. Mr. Carney rejecting President Trump's suggestions of making Canada the 51st state. The Americans want our resources, our water, our land, our country. Think about it. If they, if they succeeded, they would destroy our way of life. And Canada never ever will be part of America in any way, shape or form. The Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves. So the Americans, they should make no mistake in trade as in hockey, Canada will win Under the country's parliamentary system.


Mr. Kearney is expected to call a national election in the coming weeks, seeking a mandate from all voters. Mr. Kearney poised to run against the head of the opposition party, conservative leader Pierre pev. Under Mr. Poll, EV's leadership, the conservative party receiving a surge in support. Flipping two historically liberal districts in shocking special election upsets voters embracing Mr. Poll EV's populace message. Justin Truder does not believe in liberty. He believes in government control. He wants to control your money, he wants to control your kids. He wants to control everything that is illiberal. It's the opposite of liberalism. We should put Canada first.


We, we wanna put our country first stand up for our country against both American aggression, but also against the destructive liberal policies that have made us helpless and reliant on the us. Mr. Pev coming outta the gate, swinging against Mr. Kearney. On Monday, the Liberal establishment has installed Justin Trudeau's economic advisor as the next liberal leader to trick Canadians into giving liberals a fourth term in power. But he's just like Justin and he's more of the same. We have the same liberal mps, the same liberal advisors, the same liberal promises who will produce the same liberal results doubling housing costs, doubling the debt, doubling lineups at food banks, enriching the global elites at the expense of the working class.


Despite Mr. Polly EV's double digit lead against Mr. Trudeau, the Trump tariffs inspiring a surge in support for the liberal party. The liberals whose approval rating had been hovering in the low twenties, climbing to higher than 30% up 10 points since January. Canadian pollster, the Angus Reed Institute finds 43% of Canadians believe Mark Carney would better handle negotiations with President Trump versus 34% who choose Pierre Polly Ev, the liberal party seeking to capitalize on this momentum as more Trump tariffs are set to kick. In April 2nd, secretary of State Marco Rubio in Saudi Arabia today meeting with Ukrainian president Olo Zelensky top aide Andre Yack in an effort to revive peace talks the AP reporting two anonymous sources say the Ukrainian delegation is ready to sign the rare earth minerals deal during the talks.


The Ukrainians are likely also to propose an heir and sea ceasefire in Ukraine. A move meant to convince President Trump the Ukrainians are serious about reaching peace with the Russians special envoy, Steve Woff expressing optimism that a deal will be made. Does It get done this week? I, you know, you know, bill, I hope so. I zelensky sent a letter to the president he apologized for, for, for that whole incident that happened in the office. I think that was a, an important step and there's been a lot of discussion between our teams and the Ukrainians and the Europeans who are relevant to this discussion as well.


And I I would like to describe it as, as as progress While on route to Saudi Arabia, secretary Rubio speaking to reporters stated that depending on the outcome of the talks, the US may be prepared to lift the pause on military aid and intelligence sharing that President Trump put in place after the Oval Office tension. He added that his visit aims to assess what concessions the Ukrainians are willing to make as Democrats struggle to find their footing. In the second Trump administration, Democrats, Senator from Connecticut, Chris Murphy, attempting to fill the void with digital content. Senator Murphy's social media videos, often selfie style, regularly going viral despite his status as a rather middling lawmaker.


Donald Trump doesn't care about the destruction of Medicare or Medicaid or the Department of Education because it doesn't impact him. Republicans never want to fix the immigration system. Their motivation is always to make it more chaotic and more confusing. Guys, the whole game is Trump doing favors for his billionaire friends. The New York Times reporting in February, Senator Murphy doubling his Instagram followers over the previous two months racking up almost 30 million impressions on the platform, A rising star in the media. Some recent headlines, the Hartford Courier Connecticut's Senator leading the National Resistance against Trump NBC.


How one Senator is placing himself at the center of the Trump resistance. The Hill Murphy looks to be guiding force for Democrats in New Trump era, but some now questioning whether his surge in visibility is purely organic, especially given reports that his alleged new girlfriend happens to run a progressive media company funded by George Soros and Reed Hoffman Semafo reporting Tara McGowan, CEO of Courier Newsroom posted a selfie of herself and Senator Murphy last week on her private Instagram captioned quote, not postponing Joy Courier Newsroom is often criticized by the right as a Democrat outlet, posing as a news network, the Washington free Beacon, referring to it as the George Soros funded democratic propaganda network.


The New York Post reporting. Ms. McGowan has used her personal platform and position for years at the digital outlet to promote Murphy. That activity ramping up in recent months during the time in which we know Senator Murphy separated from his wife of 17 years. That happened last November. The reports indicated they are not divorced and remain legally married. And that'll do it. For your AM update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here all week for our special series, Megan Kelly investigates on the disappearance of baby Lisa Irwin, a 10 month old girl who disappeared from her crim in the dark of night. It will air on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms on the Megan Kelly show feed.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.