
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Friday we're back home from DC safely. And what a crazy few days it's been in the nation's capitol. It's just, ugh, my gosh. We are less than two weeks into Trump's second term and there is more news than ever. Have you seen these videos, the latest videos of the plane crash? They're very disturbing. There is understandably a lot of speculation circulating today about whether this could possibly have been intentional when you see the way this helicopter from the new angles seemed to have plowed right into the regional jet.


Well, we reached out to the pilots who we had on the show yesterday, John and Wiz, and we asked them to comment on the latest videos, these different angles, and I'm going to tell you exactly what they said to try to clear this up. We've got updates on that. We've got updates on the status of Trump's nominees. Tulsi Gabbard, did she just get some good news? Cash Patel and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Here to break it all down for us is our pal Charlie Kirk, founder and CEO of Turning Point USA


Grand Canyon University. A private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Charlie, welcome back. Thank you Megan. What a week is right and it feels as if it's been like a couple months of activity, but honored to be here and help unpack this with you. I know so much to go over I, let's just start with the plane crash 'cause everybody's talking about it. And those latest videos that we woke up to this morning, I mean my jaw dropped it, you know, yesterday I had on the show these two pilots and I showed them the video we all saw that was circulating everywhere yesterday. And to me it looked very much like there was a plane coming from behind, like the helicopter was coming from behind and kind of went right into the regional jet. And they explained to me that what we were seeing coming from behind there actually was not there.


So you can see this light a approaching, this is, forget the plane on the top of the screen, it's the lower one and you can kind of see what looks like a plane coming right into it. The helicopter running right into the regional jet. And they said the, I wasn't seeing it right, that that wasn't the helicopter coming from behind that was a different regional jet or a smaller jet. And that in fact the helicopter had been coming from like the side and is not really that visible. And then today, new video surface that really shows what, what I thought I was seeing yesterday, it looks like the helicopter like almost ramming into the regional jet. Here it is. And I do believe that is the helicopter hitting the regional jet.


I mean it is it, it is the proper video now it's just from a different angle, but, and everybody online is saying what's happening? What's hap why was this an intentional take down? And then there was additional speculation. I wanna underscore it turned out to be totally false that maybe the pilot of the helicopter was a trans woman. A, there were reports that it's a woman and we do believe it was a woman. But then people started saying, it's a trans person, it's a man pretending to be a woman and they've attached a name to this person that it, it wasn't true. That person is alive and well and was not piloting that helicopter. We don't believe it was a trans person.


We believe it was an actual woman with 500 hours of flying experience. And we're told that's a decent amount. We don't know all the details. We'll find out more today. So here is what the pilot said. Standby, let me get this up so that I can just read you. John, who was on yesterday said to him, this does not look intentional. The helicopter was more or less following the standard helicopter route along the east side of the river. It was what they were cleared for. They were slightly high, like a hundred feet and maybe a bit off course, but this would not be unusual, particularly if they were flying on night vision goggles, which we believe they may have been. It appears that they either lost sight of the regional jet or that they misidentified another jet in line behind this regional jet when they were asked by air traffic control, do you see the jet?


And they said yes, or they perhaps got distracted. Then Wiz, who was the helicopter, oh, he was a top gun instructor and graduate, he said, it does not look intentional to me. It literally looks like they are just clueless about the regional jet. Remember, pilots can be heads down in the cockpit looking at stuff. They're not always looking out the front window. If both pilots are looking at something inside the cockpit or entering something into a computer, nobody's looking out the window. Especially if they believe they had the traffic insight that was a threat to them, which clearly was the wrong traffic. In other words, he's saying too, when they said they saw the jet that they were probably looking at the wrong jet.


There's no way two aviators in an Army helicopter would fly directly into a landing regional jet. So both of our experts who have no dog in this hunt say this does not look intentional to them. They believe it was just an a catastrophic error. Anyway, your take on it, Charlie. Well, yeah, first, I mean it's a, it's an unspeakable tragedy. I can't tell how many times I've been a passenger on that same approach. Probably over a hundred times, right? Over the Potomac, right into Reagan National. In fact, where our hotel was, we were in DC when this was happening, it the, the boom and the sound woke up our sun. We were in a hotel right over the Potomac and all of a sudden all the LNS the lights and sirens started to go off hundreds and hundreds of them.


We were wondering what was going on. So look, I'm far from an expert, so I don't want to try to speculate on this. It's very unusual. It's very, very confusing. I think that we have the right people to tell us the truth on this. I think Sean Duffy has been doing a great job and talk about trial by fire. My goodness. I mean, you know, you hit this accomplishment of being Secretary of Transportation and four or five hours later you're being rushed to the worst plane crash since 2009. I thought, I think President Trump has been terrific. You know, in his press conference you could tell President Trump was ticked off, not really necessarily at a particular person, but you could tell that he was ticked off at the loss of innocent life so unnecessarily.


And I, I hope people understand that that was in many ways Donald Trump showing his heart and his like impatience and his intolerance for such a situation like this. There, there's, there's so many questions that we need answered such as, okay, if there is even a one in a hundred thousand chance that a helicopter will hit a commercial airliner, aren't there other places you could do training exercises? Again, I'm just a layman, so I need someone agreed, more educated to maybe fill me in on that. But if by the way, the near misses they say, oh yeah, helicopters and are doing test flights near Miss commercial airlines all the time. Like, well what are we doing here? Why is this even in the cards? Why are we even considering this?


And then finally, of course it does warrant further examination where I'm most interested in on this very cryptic FAA report where they said something was not normal at air traffic control or something was not right or something was highly unusual to The New York Times today. We don't know what that, yeah, we don't know what that is actually. They just, that was a very cryptic message. I full confidence that Secretary Duffy is going to actually get to the bottom of this and let us know what that means. Could it be something about someone who's unqualified that was there? I don't know, I don't wanna speculate on that. But we do know that the New York Times has reported months prior, and this has been a theme that near misses are becoming more and more, more and more typical Got it in our nation's airports.


And it's, it's beyond shocking and just again, there it doesn't, it, it doesn't require any further comment than just a awful tragedy that all of us can sympathize with because we've been not just at that airport, but on similar approaches like that all across the country. That's exactly right. And so what the New York Times is reporting today is that in that control tower, there was something unusual that the air traffic, the reason why the air traffic controller was handling both plane landings and helicopter landings at the same time, which is usually a job for two people quoting here from the Times, is because a supervisor combined those duties sometime before 9:30 PM and allowed one controller to leave according to a person briefed on the staffing who was not authorized to speak publicly.


So for some reason we were undermanned in the air traffic control tower that night. One person was controlling both helicopters and planes, which was a break from protocol. As you know, as you know, as a parent, every parent out there knows when there's a break from protocol, when you know, typically the dad doesn't drive the kid to school. You know, the mom always does it. This is where things can happen, you know, like not to get too grim, but this is where you find out like the, the kid was forgotten in the back of the car in a hundred degree day because they broke protocol, they broke the way they normally do it and something went catastrophically wrong. Nobody meant for it to happen. It's just, you know, certain patterns get in place and people do them ritualistically.


And when you throw a fly into that ointment, things can go wrong. And they're saying that there should have been two air traffic controllers there and that for some reason they let one go early that night. And then what happens this now people aren't really pointing to the air traffic controller. Some people are saying that the air traffic controller should have said rather than, do you see the plane should have said pull up, you know, like a direction to the air to the helicopter as opposed to just relying on the understanding that they were talking about the same regional jet. Obviously something went very wrong in the communications, but that's something to look at and then separate it apart from that. Or maybe it won't be separate and apart.


We just don't know yet is the whole discussion. This is raised about DEI because the problem here, Charlie, is that there is no question we are undermanned in our air traffic control towers. And one of the reasons we are undermanned is because they've apparently made a big push since Obama's presidency to eliminate correct or reduce the whites. They, they really That's right. Had enough of trained white male pilots and people with air traffic control experience who happen to have piloting experience if they happen to be white and created this whole test for people to get in, that would rank your abilities. That's right. If you played four college sports, you got like four points.


But if you had actual piloting experience in the military, you had zero points added to your resume. That's right. To the point where there's this massive class action going forward by white guys saying this is illegal. You cannot discriminate against us based on our race, based on our gender. Right. And this has been ongoing. So your thoughts on it? Well no, that that's right. And again, we don't know the particulars of this situation whether or not that played into it, but what it does is it should beg the question for every person that is now trusting their life by going into a commercial airliner, would you rather have air traffic control that is there because of Merit or there because of race that is there because of qualification or there because of some silly and irrelevant piece of criteria that, that they were hired for.


And I sure hope that the president gets the credit he deserves for signing that executive order just a couple days into his administration saying that new hiring practices for high stakes for all things, but especially high stakes environments like air traffic control is gonna be based in Merit. And this goes to show how the prior administration started with Obama and it really accelerated under Joe Biden where we saw some of this criteria where the FAA was even saying that we wanna hire people potentially with physical disabilities and mental disabilities. And it goes to show that these two things cannot coexist. The diversity obsession and Merit based excellence cannot coexist.


They cannot. So you have to choose which one you want. If you go in the direction of a diversity obsessed society, you will plunge into mediocrity at best and most likely substandard ways of living catastrophic events, almost assuredly. However, if you prioritize Merit, then you are going to be able to have a higher standard of living. You're going to be able to have breakthroughs, you're gonna have planes be able to land with confidence. And we could apply this over all sorts of disciplines from surgery to healthcare, to education. Who do you want doing the things that you care the most? Someone that is there that knows what they are doing and earned it or someone that didn't earn it.


And DEI can otherwise be said diversity equity inclusion or didn't earn it DEI, they're there for reasons not based on earning or Merit or their agency or their free will, but because it was just given to them because we need to fill some sort of preexisting characteristic criteria box. So my hope, Megan, is that this is a wake up call. Yes, exactly. A wake up call. And the only quota we should care about is do we have enough people that are the best and the best cannot coexist with political based, highly driven diversity obsession. And so America chose Merit at the ballot box, overwhelmingly chose Merit when presented in public opinion polls.


Americans want Merit over affirmative action. They do not want quotas. We want to be an excellent country, not a substandard, mediocre European country. And so my hope is that this will further the mandate that we can purge anyone from the federal ranks in whatever job that they are for people that had to be given special accommodations on test scoring, on employment checks, on performance reviews because of their race or because of their gender. And I sure hope this will prevent future catastrophes from occurring because Megan, I as you know, near misses are becoming nearly a daily thing and we are playing with fire and we need the best that our country has to offer in aviation, in healthcare, and across all these different forms of operation in our country.


Absolutely. And it, it helps the diverse people who pass the Merit based tests never have to be second guessed or get that look of course. You know, like, is that person here because of his Merit or is he here because of skin color or is she here because of her gender? If we just stick to Merit, it helps minorities, it helps everybody. The other thing is I ask the people who are in, in support of this DEI in, in air traffic control in piloting in medicine, do you want your child going under the knife of a DEI surgeon? Do you want your child on the plane? That's exactly right. Being Piloted by a DEI pilot. Do you want your little one or do you, or would you prefer to know that this is the most talented pilot with the most talented air traffic controllers society can produce?


And here's the thing about that. So there's a, there's a report in the Washington Post today. We'll get to what Trump said, but there's a report in the Washington Post today saying Trump can rip all he wants on Obama for pushing to lower the standards for people who work in air traffic control and and as pilots. But he didn't. But but he he did it. He created it in 2019. That isn't true. We actually went back and looked, Obama created this. He's the one who lowered the standards and prioritized, literally, as you said, like severe intellectual disabilities Hiring. That's A real thing. People, that's a real thing. It, we, we couldn't believe it. But it's true. Trump did not change it.


He did not get rid of it in his first presidency the way he just did. So Trump was a little slow to get up to speed on some of these issues his first term, but now he did, now he got out there with his executive order within hours of taking the presidency. Go ahead. Yeah, I I want to defend the president here 'cause understand the cultural context of 2017 through 2021 when he served, this was before the great awoken, at least the later part of presidency was during kind of the whole Floyd of Palooza woke stuff. And there was still remember how powerful it was when somebody called you a racist in the media that still had a ton I do Of cultural power and, and No, no, of course.


And and, and I don't say this sarcastically like the president and his team, I'm not saying that they were ever presented with this as a major problem, but there was not a nationwide dialogue around Merit versus race-based hiring. And certainly there was this kind of sort of damocles that all public servants would walk around with of my goodness, if they call us a racist, the entire presidency could end. So let's not do anything that might upset that apple cart. Now I'm not putting any words in the president's mouth, but I'm just trying to defend the cultural context of everything that was happening during those couple years. What happened in 2020, obviously during Covid and all the C-R-T-D-E-I, Robin DeAngelo hate white people, tar tearing down statues was a mask off moment for what their agenda actually was.


And credit to this program and credit to the conservative grassroots and credit to our members at Turning point USA that fought so hard to educate the masses through 2020 and 2021 and 2022 and 2023, that created such an overwhelming outpour where President Trump felt the support of the American people to sign such an executive order on day one. And let's be honest, in 2018 this was happening a little bit on the edges, but it wasn't a, well, you know, we're gonna have DEII, it'd be a really interesting question if we could go back and poll the American people. How many people would even know what DEI was in 2018? Now I would imagine the vast majority of people who watch the news know what it is.


And so the pres president acted correctly because we saw the excesses of the diversity equity inclusion regime. And also back in 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, there was this belief in conservatism, well, you know, we have really good intentions and maybe we can work with some of these better goals to try to diversify the workplace. And they took total advantage of us, obviously. Yeah, it turned into an anti-white, anti-Western anti-Christian agenda. It opened the eyes of those of us with common sense sensibilities. And President Trump acted correctly in his first couple days and off. Can I Just add to that, Charlie, so I think about this all the time because when I was at NBC and had my c calamitous downfall there, it was October of 2018.


And so many people have come up to me over the years to say like the you that went out on the air and apologized after that whole thing, after you didn't do anything wrong, bears no resemblance to the you that we see today and they're not wrong. You know, there was a combination of things going on there. I mean, I was very beaten down by a very rough year at NBC. And once you've been flagellated enough, you kind of like, okay, I guess, you know, I'm a terrible person like everybody says. But I can relate to exactly what you're saying because my first instinct then, even though I knew what I was saying was true, was just to apologize and bend the knee because yes, that was the culture. It was like nobody was talking about this stuff. Like, it was just, I, if you wanna have a career, if you wanna put exist in polite society, when this mob turns on you, there's only one thing to do, which is totally to say, okay, I fall on my sword and move on.


And it was part of my awakening, my own personal awakening to do that, to feel disgusting about what was being done to me, to, to realize, like I knew I was a truth teller, but I had to go through this performative thing and then have things come awake for me. Like, no wait, this is all part of a greater societal lie that's being shoved down all of our throats. It's not just about Megan Kelly, it's about what they're doing to all of us right now. And it took a lot of us a a couple of years especially. I mean I think the post George Floyd Palooza, as you put it, was totally was part of the awakening where we're like, whoa, they, these are crazy people we've been listening to.


Correct that that helped us all steal our spines. And so I totally get your point. It feels very authentic to me personally. Well, yeah, thank you. And a lot of people went through that similar journey. Millions of moms and millions of parents would growing up never want to be called racist or have their kid be called racist. And that word lost all of its meaning. Obviously it got diluted beyond any sort of potency because they would call everything racist. They would say waking up early is white supremacy. Remember the Smithsonian Museum? It, it is the most legendary and best example being on time where yes, exactly the African American, exactly, the African American History Museum chartered by the Smithsonian said, being on time, speaking correctly, doing math, the scientific method, they are all outgrowths of a white supremacist worldview.


I mean, at that point you just have to say, okay, these people are insane. This is a pathological mind virus that I don't want to attach myself to. And then I also think there was this undercurrent of people that were called racist just for breathing and existing not for any action that you are inherently racist because the color of your skin that you are inherently racist if you are a white person. So the majority of the country is inherently terrible. Okay, so then how do we reconcile it? Oh, there is no way that you could actually ever get forgiveness. You must be in a perpetual state of penance and bend the knee and redesign all of society just because of criteria based on skin color.


You said, well, that's tribalism, that's not meritocracy. And so I think we all went through this very healthy kind of opening of our eyes and all the people that did scholarship on the CRT issue and the DEI issue deserve such credit for showing us the Marxist roots and the fundamental toxins that were kind of undergirding this. And then it, we see, okay, we win an election presenting this to the American people and the president acts on it. But I do think it's important for people to remember we are in a profoundly better place culturally than we were in 20 18, 20 19, our instinct. And look at Pete Hegseth, it's a very interesting question.


If the, and by the way, thank you for your support of Hegseth and Bobby, I know we'll probably get to that, but if, if Pete Hegseth would've come under similar criticism in 2017 for Trump's first cabinet, does he survive? I don't know. I don't know if we had no, the metaphorical muscle as a conservative movement to do it. I will say the one kind of trial by fire where we decided to stand up to the mob was Brett Kavanaugh. That was probably the beginning of a turning point. We realized we were up against like completely like a nuts brigade of people that just wanna burn it all down. But if pen, he, Seth would've become the Secretary of Defense in January, 2017 when Trump just got elected. I I would con conjecture he would've failed either a Senate vote or his nomination would've gotten pulled.


Not because of on the merits, but because as a movement we were still being held hostage by the major networks, by the oligarchs, by the, the, the mass opinion of the elites. And look how far we've come for the better look at this journey that we've been on now here in 2025. And the president deserves credit for a lot of things. But I know for me personally, I would imagine you too Megan, him teaching all of us that when you're under attack and you have done nothing wrong, you don't apologize, you defend yourself and you double and triple down will go down as one of his greatest lessons that he helped communicate to millions of us. A hundred percent. So he is out there.


I'm, I'm gonna, I wanna get into the details of this lawsuit because it's pretty amazing what it against the FAA as a result of Obama's policy put into place in 2013. It's a, it's a class action by aspiring air traffic controllers who were told they were too white. I mean, it's amazing. It's been granted class action certification and it's going forward. So Trump got out there yesterday and said the following, take a listen to SAT one, We need the smartest people. We need both psychologically smart and just brilliant period. And we are gonna have them in our, in our control towers. We are gonna have, we are going to have the most competent people in the country in our control towers.


Not people that are there for any other reason. Okay, so here's what happened in 2022, a judge approved the class action status of this lawsuit filed in the US District Court of Columbia, DC It was bought by, brought by Colorado based Montana States legal foundation, former Nevada Attorney General Adam Laxalt, right? For senate is co-counsel great guy filed against the FAA and Laxalt is alleging that he represents nearly 1000 people who went to school to become air traffic controllers. In 2014, which you may remember was a time during which Barack Obama was president. The individuals he represents passed the normal test right before the Obama administration said the class was quote too white.


I'm quoting here from the complaint. Yep. And throughout their tests, their successful tests, because they were too white, totally effing illegal, the FAA put together a new test. This quiz served as further screening of applicants who had already graduated from a 200 hour training program and achieved high scores on the test. A grueling eight hour cognitive test that measures each of the specific skills needed to do the job properly. The new test was a biographical test test with the intent of adding more African Americans to the air traffic control pool. It had never been used before. The questionnaire sought irrelevant info such as the college subject in which I received my lowest grade. Those answering history, political science received 15 points extra points playing four or more sports in high school was worth five points.


By contrast, holding a pilot's license, a major advantage for an air traffic controller was worth only two points. And having valuable experience as an air traffic controller in the military yep, was worth no points at all. Lead plaintiff, Andrew Bri Brigida Brigitta, B-R-I-G-I-D-A, his application was turned down despite achieving a perfect 100% score on the set, I mean on the test. And the result of this per the lawsuit is that changes to the hiring proc process meant many of these graduates began to be passed over in favor of applicants who had only graduated from high school.


So it's crazy. The, the Congress did force the FAA to drop this quiz in 2018. And this is what we've been dealing with. Again, this is no comment on the particular controller involved in this. Correct. We have no idea who that person was or whether they did anything wrong or below standards. But this is what we're dealing with here and this is why Trump is assuring people that we will have a full fledged investigation to see whether any of this played a role and that this ends yesterday. Yes. And, and, and here's the really awesome part about winning the White House is now the FAA can settle with these individuals and set a precedent, make them whole and change the policy permanently throughout the entire agency.


And so where Biden would've had his solicitor general and all of his little, you know, legal gremlins go and fight in the courts, you know, for ad nauseum and try to get most into dismissed, the Trump administration can now look at lawsuits like this. By the way, there's thousands of such lawsuits and it's called the sue and settle strategy. The left does it all the time, right? So they'll sue the government with the intention of actually trying to get a settlement that sets a precedent or a rule change or regulatory change that they would want. And they would, they would do this on immigration all the time. Well, now the new Trump FAA once he gets his FAA administrator who I bet's just gonna be amazing. And I bet the president will personally interview that person. I could tell you not every political appointee who is the president gonna interview?


I bet the president is gonna have tryouts for whoever's gonna run the FAI think you're gonna gonna have to go straight to the boss on that one, is that they can then work with the Department of Justice and say, Hey, here's this lawsuit. Number one, we need to make all these people whole, So we need to give them a settlement of some sort, some monetary settlement. Number two, we can offer them jobs if that's actually what they want at this time. Number three, let's go into all the documents and even further into discovery and then settle and get this lawsuit so that all of this is fixed. That this is no longer going to be happening in any way. So that's the positives of winning such an election when you have very, very meritorious lawsuits like this that are working their way through the courts. Secondly, Meghan, I do wanna broaden this just for a second, that these hiring practices are not just for air traffic controls.


We have this in the FBI, we have this in the Central intelligence agency. We have this in almost every single portion of government. And the president deserves such credit over the last couple weeks and his shock and off strategy flooding the zone, Democrats do not even know, they can't even remember what they're supposed to be mad about because Trump is moving so fast. That's right. They can't even like remember the things that they're supposed to be angry about. But the, the, the one where I think he deserves such enormous credit was his repeal of the executive order that put affirmative action in the federal hiring practices that's been on the books since Lyndon Baines Johnson. Congress did not vote for it. This had not come from the Senate. It was a simple executive action executive order.


Here it is. And no one has dared question it. President Trump got rid of all affirmative action in our hiring practices, which now means we have Merit in every single agency. Now the implementation of that is going to be difficult. It's gonna be hard because they're so used to finding irrelevant criteria to grow the bloat and the federal bureaucracy. But that kind of moral courage, and I'll, I'll tell you, if we would have had two Trump terms in a row in i, I don't know if we would've had this. I don't know. I'm not, I can't say either way. Do I think if Trump had two, if he had two terms uninterrupted, we'd be seeing a repeal of affirmative action, probably unlikely.


I think the four years of exile was horrible for the country, but very, very good for the president and his team to come out with such gusto, such spirit, such zeal and preparedness. And so in some ways it was good, it was good for us that President Trump had four years off because this makes the next four years even better. Absolutely. He learned so much, he re retooled his whole team, his whole approach. He watched what happened and then the Democratic party truly lost its mind. Not that they were reasonable under Obama, as we point out, they were doing this stuff under him, but they, they lost their ever loving minds. Correct. And so the country got to see just how crazy they are and were, they were ready for Trump to come back and implement all these things.


So not only does he come out, you heard him in that soundbite there, but he actually also issued an executive action in response to the collision saying first he's gonna appoint a formal commission. And he picked the guy to head it as the deputy administrator for the FAA. He doesn't have a current FAA administrator. So this guy Chelo, Christopher Roche Low will be the acting guy. And secondly, Lily, he issued a memorandum ordering an immediate assessment of aviation safety and an elevation of competence over DEI in love it when it comes to air travel. So that's excellent. He also did it, did the same thing, not for nothing. He's been doing one of these kind of every other day. But one yesterday spoke to what's happening in K through 12 schooling, you know, which is, it's about time.


Now normally schooling is handled at the local level. Normally that's a state's issue and a local issue, which is why everybody should be voting in their local school board elections correct and picking the right people. But the feds can influence it. And Biden's been doing exactly the opposite. He's been incentivizing, shoving things like the 1619 project down the throats of K through 12 and college educators. And now Trump is reversing all of that. And it's just so beautifully said. I have to say, like I love whoever's writing this stuff, and I know it's probably different people, a lot of Steven Miller in here, but this one I'll just read you in, in part what he wrote on the K through 12 ending radical indoctrination in K through 12 schooling EO signed Wednesday.


In recent years, parents have witnessed schools indoctrinate their children in radical anti-American ideologies while deliberately blocking parental oversight. Such an environment operates as an echo chamber in which students are forced to accept these ideologies without question or critical examination. In many cases, innocent children are compelled to adopt identities as either victims or oppressors solely based on their skin color or other immutable characteristics. In other, in instances, young men and women are made to question whether they were born in the wrong body or whether to view their parents and their reality as enemies to be blamed. These practices not only erode critical thinking, but also so division confusion and distrust, which undermine the very foundations of personal identity and family unity.


My administration will enforce the law to ensure the recipients of federal funds providing K through 12 education comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination in various contexts. Parenting are protecting parental rights. Oh, I mean, shoot it in my veins, Charlie. I know, I mean, and, and again, I'm sure we'll get to it, but the ending gender mutilation one, the chemical castration one, that one two combo. I mean, this is exactly what we worked for. This is why you spoke at the rallies, why I worked as hard as I did for executive orders just like this. Now the challenge is going to be not just implementing it, but making sure that schools are following it. And this is where the money is going to come in, where that if you are going to continue to do the C-R-T-D-E-I gender insanity stuff, there will not be federal funding for your school.


So choose which one is it exactly. And the, remember how cruel Biden was on the transgender stuff for K through 12 schools. He was so, so cruel that he was even holding back school assisted lunch for kids if they did not allow men to come into female locker rooms in high schools. Th this was a lesser reported, I remember you tweeted about it at the time, but they were holding back federal funding for this. What the president is doing is he is sending education back to the states, empowering parents and getting rid of the central planning from the Biden administration where they wanted to try to spread all of the most radical ideologies imaginable into our K through 12 schools.


Included in that executive order, Megan is also the reestablishment of the 1776 commission, which is a very exciting project which promotes patriotic education. It is establishing a committee for the 250th birthday of America to celebrate our country. So as we are no longer funding the bad stuff, we wanna elevate the good stuff, which is our country is a great country one with a lot of potential with of course some things in our past that we need to deal with, but we're still the greatest nation ever to exist. We are a people that with a great bravery and great courage that have overcome difficulty better than any other nation in the history of the planet. And we need to teach our kids that we need to teach our kids to be proud of our country and thankful to be in our country, to have gratitude when you view the United States of America, not contempt or bitterness.


And so the 1619 project, which was again, it was a, it was really ascendant during that 20 20 20 21 period is going to be put to rest. Thanks to again, another amazing executive action and order from the president, which, and, and again, we're only, we're not even two weeks into this yet. It's amazing. It's beyond my wildest expectations. Question for you, as somebody who's close to team Trump, is there any intention to try to codify any of this into law? Because of course the worry is, and I love the bet. I mean, I get the bet and without a willingness, like we don't have 60 votes in the Senate, we, you know, we only have 53, but without a willingness to pass it into law, at least we'll get the executive orders, which then will show the American people through four years of living without this mania, what life can be like raising patriotic children, you know, not Ewing, religion e everywhere and anywhere and letting DEI become their new religion.


Not Transing children who may just be a little depressed because their parents got a divorce. Like ideally they'll see what life can be like without that lunacy and the next president will be handicapped to revert back to biden's ways if it were a Democrat. But it's much better if we can actually have laws on the books Correct, protecting women's sports. And I know that is one that's moving through though I've got bad information like upsetting information about whether that's gonna get a vote in the Senate. So I don't know whether Trump can do a lot of this legislatively, what are they saying about trying to make these eos into something more? Well, I I can definitely say on first and foremost immigration that you're gonna see dramatic action to try to make the immigration executive orders permanent and have legislative assistance and support from funding from no more.


The sanctuary city thing has to be addressed once and for all the fact that we have cities that are under the United States of America that are receiving federal funding that use our dollar and are part of our country to say, oh no, we don't like that federal law, we're gonna actively resist it. That is insubordination and potentially treason against the United States. So we have to come up with an even sharper legislative tool to go after any of these sanctuary cities. But yes, look, the debate right now is do you want two bills or one big beautiful bill? I think they're trending towards one big beautiful bill based on all public reports. And in it is going to be a lot of these issues. And we need to think to ourselves, okay, what does that look like?


Well, I would love to see Congress go big and say that we are outlawing any sort of gender transition surgery or therapy for people under the age of 18. Yes, I I think we should go really big and I, whether or not Republicans will go along with that, we'll see. But the President has the moral clarity to sign that executive order, what the president signed to protect our children against this transgender mafia, against these medieval witch doctors that are chopping off these kids' breasts is maximally what a president can do on this issue. I mean, it was so robust. It is so thorough. Don't be shocked if some of it gets struck down in court because it is so good that the left is gonna come back twice as hard because it goes at, it goes at the jugular of this moral crime that has been occurring in our country over the last couple of years.


Secondly, I mean, we could go through the litany of issues. We would love to see the Department of Education closed. Now whether or not Congress has an appetite for that remains to be seen. But the President campaigned on that. He has said it. He wants to send it back to the States, which is where it belongs on energy. I think we'll be able to get some good legislative action to further open up drilling and bring down the price of oil and the price of natural gas, which will of course help with inflation. But the big one I think you're gonna see is immigration. I think that is the big one because we have to make sure that God forbid another Democrat president comes in the future. We can't have a third world jailbreak like we did under Joe Biden, where we become the dumping ground of the entire world.


We have a hundred different countries coming across our border and millions of people, we have no idea who they are. We have to make sure that we have permanent border security regardless of who is president of the United States. Before we wrap the hour, I just wanna go back to that Trump presser yesterday in response to the plane crash and just give the audience a flavor for some of the Trump moments and some of the ridiculous journalistic in quotes moments. It's worth watching. First here's Trump with a snarky response to a stupid question. Take a listen sought two, Do you have a plan to go visit the site or make with any of the first I have, I have a plan to visit, not the site because what did you tell me?


What's the site? The water or to meet with the first responder? Do you want, do you want me to go swimming? It's just, he's in classic form right now. Charlie, like he, he's had it, You know, I I have to say following him and knowing him for almost a decade, he just, he doesn't seem as if he's intimidated by the office at all that it's too big for him. He's just in the moment. He's ready. He has an answer for every question. And what a contrast from the, you know, the prior administration that we just closed the door on. Oh my gosh. And it looks as if he's having fun again. This is a tragedy. This last thing, I I, I think this has been a tough moment for all of us.


And again, the president just looks ticked off, not as, and at his agencies or anything just ticked off at the situation as he should be. By the way, a president should get mad when a lot of people die in a preventable way. Meaning that this, this was not a natural disaster. This was not a hurricane. This was human beings that were doing things that were either wrong, incorrect, in complete, not properly trained. But yes, the president is in great fighting form right now. Okay, so here's another one. Kaitlyn Collins got up and asked a question and may have lived or regret it, sought three President, We even yet know the names of the 67 people who were killed and, and you are blaming Democrats and DEI policies and air traffic control.


And seemingly the member of the US military who was flying that Black Hawk helicopter. Don't you think you're getting ahead of the investigation right now? No, I don't think so at all. I don't think we're the names of the people. You mean the names on of the people that are on the plane? You think that's gonna make a difference? They are. Does it come for their families? They are a group of people that have lost their lives. If you want a list of the names we can give you that we'll be giving that very soon. We're in coordination with American Airlines. We're in coordination very strongly, obviously with the military. But I, I think that's not a very smart question, but are you blaming, I'm surprised coming from you. Are you blaming your And I have to defend the president here. He, he actually did not blame DEI for the crash.


He blamed DEI for a dropping in the excellence of aviation standards. So he used it to make a broader macro point. He did not say that there were individual specifics around it, but he did say that I as president, am getting rid of any risk that things like this will happen in the future because DEI will lead to things like this in the future. So again, it's a complete misrepresentation by CNN in the major networks, which, which you would expect. Yeah. What a shock here is Trump responding to Pete Buttigieg, who made a similar allegation as the one you just debunked. Here he is The FAA, which is overseen by Secretary Pete Ache, a real winner.


That's the guy's a real winner. Do you know how badly everything's run since he's run this Department of Transportation? He's a disaster. He was a disaster as a mayor. He ran his city into the ground and he's a disaster now. He is just got a good line of bullshit. The Department of Transportation, his government agency charged with regulating civil aviation while he runs it, 45,000 people and he is run it right into the ground with his diversity. It's pretty amazing. I mean, first of all, to your point, we just had a president who couldn't walk across a room. I know the big boy steps are now back on Air Force one.


And there's a big boy in the actual chair who shows up at the White House press briefing, takes the questions himself, fires off at the reporters, gives his real opinion, says bullshit, if that's what he thinks. I mean, it's, it's very raw and it's very honest. You can tell the guy's giving us his unvarnished opinion on almost everything. He knows where to draw the line. You know, like he, president Trump does know not to reveal classified information, what he can and cannot say what's appropriate. But he, this is, it's just so refreshing. It it is. And I wanna reiterate a point, which is that he, he's super ticked and angry and he, he remember he's a builder.


Do you remember Trump owned an airline for some time? He, he's not new to these sorts of concepts. He wants a country that works. If you go back into 2015 and 2016, a common theme when he was originally running for president was, our airports are falling apart. We can't build bridges. Our roads are a disaster. He cares deeply about transportation. He cares deeply about equipment. And you could look at Pete Buttigieg, he's like, and look at this mess that you just handed me. He's like, I got enough stuff to fix and now I I we are, we're a laughing stock of the entire planet. And that's basically what he's saying there is that Pete Buttigieg with his line of BS talking about racist roads and equity and transportation, and America at its best has always been the leader in such transportation.


We were the first in flight. We got to the moon first. We are the ones that helped build the railroads. And So we should be the world's leader in transportation. And I think the president, if I were to infer, I don't, I can't say this under anything else. I think the president is really ticked because it doesn't make America look good on the world stage. They were Russians and Chinese that died here. And it's unacceptable. And he believes that. And I thought, again, I thought Duffy did an amazing job in the press conference. Whereas, you know, this is, this is largely the transportation agenda that we've inherited from Mr. Buttigieg. Of course. I mean, who could, who could realistically blame this on Sean Duffy and, and Donald Trump. It's like they've been in office for two hot minutes and it's, it's really like, and by the way, we don't know whether Buttigieg and his policies are to blame either.


What Trump was basically saying was your car had a massive accident. And when I opened up the hood to see what was under there, it was a disaster. It's, I don't know whether it was this engine that was behind the actual car crash, but your car is a disaster. I've looked under the hood and there's so much for me to do here and I resent you weighing in Pee Buttigieg at all because you helped create a lot of the problems in this department. What's amazing too, I have to say is, so you got Trump, who again, we see him at the Oval Office taking questions from reporters on night one, just like firing back and forth very casually. I don't think there's been a day that he hasn't put himself out there publicly. Correct. You got Marco Rubio. I, when I interviewed him at State yesterday, I always just went over to state. We sat down in the state studio together, boom, here's an hour.


No problem. And he is off on his first trip as Secretary of State. Pete Hegseth from his desk at DOD Is great, is Like commenting on the fact that we're gonna put some of these illegals down at Gitmo and on the airplane crash. Like, have we ever seen the defense secretary just kind of firing off like his thoughts from, it's just, it's what RFK said his policies would be Radical transparency at every level. Totally. I really think the American people are going to receive this extremely well. Oh, I, I, I agree. And I, I know we're short on time here, but just look at how social media savvy and how they're almost designed for social media.


I mean, this is gonna be an administration that will reach tens of millions of people. Bobby Kennedy doing health Tulsi Gabbard, hopefully at DNI, you know, cash Patel, FBI, Pete Hegseth with his sleeves rolled up as DOD secretary. I mean, come on. This is a com This is a new age digital administration that is willing to articulate, defend, and promote the, promote the agenda that the president has put forward. I'm, I'm super excited for it. I thought the same thing where it just looks as if there's energy, there's spark. Yes. And these are people that have done a lot in their life that are ready to govern the country. I I couldn't be more excited. These are not your typical Washington bureaucrats that Biden would pick.


These are change makers, no qualified with the energy to save the country. And they're working together, you know, between Hegseth Yes and Christie No at the border Hgf. And she's doing great Duffy on the, on the transportation. Like you can feel it, it's just, there's a, it's a, it's a new dawn. And I think American, the American public's gonna be very grateful more with Charlie right after this. Don't go away.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura I. Beck, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


So yesterday we had hearings for Cash Patel, Tulsi Gabbard, and the second day for R-F-K-J-I sat in for an hour plus of the Tulsi hearing and it was rather disheartening. I did not feel encouraged about her chances by the time I was done. But then later I felt encouraged when I heard what Susan Collins, who is this, you know, kind of democrat masquerading as a Republican from Maine said about her impressions. I mean, Trump lost her on he, I don't think he's gonna get her on RFKJ, I don't know, but here's what I saw when she cross examined Tulsi yesterday. Let's start there. Look at this exchange in SOT nine.


Have you ever knowingly met with any members, leaders, or affiliates of Hezbollah? No. And it is an absurd accusation. Okay, so there's Chelsea Puss pushing back on her. The, the cross-examination by Susan Collins wasn't particularly aggressive, but it kind of sounded like that you could argue that she was just giving her a chance to respond to the things that have been alleged about her. But you could hear Tulsi sort of taking issue with the, even the suggestion. Well, after the fact, Collins said I was happy with her responses to my questions.


That too is a little ambiguous. What does that mean? Like you were happy she fully answered them or you liked what you heard, but I think it's somewhat positive. Net net, she, I don't think she would've used the word happy if she were gonna vote against her. Now that doesn't answer the question of whether Tulsi gets through because there were a lot of Republican senators there who seemed n not like fans of Tulsi, corny of Texas, Langford of Oklahoma. They did not seem like fans. Charlie, And she certainly had a few Democrats who seemed very against her. So what do you think is going to happen with Tulsi? So a couple thoughts on this.


I I will defend Susan Collins. She represents a very, very difficult state. She's almost always there when we need her, and that's an important thing. And so I think she's getting the call of like, Hey, we might need you for this one. Understand we did not need her for hegseth. And so, I mean, of course we got to a tie. We had JD Vance break the tie. Pete Hegseth is now the Secretary of Defense, And she represents a goofy state for some of these other senators that represent deep red states. There is no excuse and there is no place to hide. But let's understand what she's actually trying to become or what she's applying for the Director of National Intelligence, this is a relatively new role. It hasn't been around for very long. It was created post nine 11 to actually be the connective tissue between all of the intelligence agencies.


It actually is above the Central Intelligence Agency, above the CIA. It has power that has not really been exercised for quite some time. DNI is the custodian of the nation's secrets. It is the keeper of secrets from all the things that our government is doing that they don't want us to always know what they're doing. And the most pressing, of course, that matters to those of us that are Trump supporters is, is there another soft coup being run through five eyes to try to thwart a sitting president of the United States? Like what happened during the first administration during Russiagate with Christopher Steele and the dirty dossier to spy on President Trump to try to go after him and using the FBI and using secret skiffs and using outside firms like Fusion.


GPS is something like that happening again? And the director of National Intelligence will be able to tell you yes or no and stop it if it's actually happening in real time. Tulsi Gabbard is an extraordinary person. Her vet file came back like clean, clean, clean. She actively has a top level security clearance, A-T-S-S-C-I, she serves in the military. She was a former democrat, which makes this even more interesting because she has been so focused on trying to reorient American American foreign policy to a America first standpoint, not one of neo globalist internationalist wars and nation building at every single corner and every turn.


Now, why is it that her confirmation is the hardest of all of them? Well, because the Intel agencies are so resistant to any change, and a lot of these senators, to be perfectly honest, have been fed BS by these intel agencies for so long and acting as if that they've done nothing wrong and we can't reform them. And it's jeopardizing national security. Well, on the other side of it, how much damage has our intel agencies done? We invaded a Iraq wrongly, by the way, because of faulty intelligence on weapons of mass destruction. We got involved in Libya. Something we never should have gotten involved in was turning into Libyan Civil War because we were told Mo Mar Gaddafi is like the worst person on the planet.


Or how about all the faulty intelligence in the Russian Ukrainian war or the faulty intelligence that we've seen all across the Middle East and Syria or in parts of parts of Lebanon? What Tulsi Gabbard wants to do is restore the integrity of the nation's intelligence service. Now, there's some interesting elements in here, and I've been really hammering this unsuccessfully, by the way. I think it's outrageous that they're not doing this vote in public. It is the only agency official where I think the CIA may be, but that one wasn't as controversial, where they go into a skiff, a secure compartmentalized information facility, and they do this vote outside of the public eye. And I think that's outrageous. I think when you're trying to elect somebody who's a lifelong transparency advocate and you're gonna go into a secret facility and we can't see how the actual members vote, I find that to be repulsive.


I think people should be incensed about that. I think that our elected officials should not operate in the shadows, that they should tell you how they vote. And so just to reiterate, when they, yes, when they actually end up voting for Tulsi Gabbard, this will not be like how they vote for Bobby Kennedy, where they sit out and they say, aye a nay. Aye. Okay. The ayes have, it goes outta committee. They go into a secret room where no cell phones, no staff, only members are allowed in a secure compartment compartmentalized in information facility. And they'll say, well, what do we think about tulsi? And they'll take the vote and they could decide to make the results public, or they could lie about the results, or they could do vote trading.


The, I mean, I think the front page of a certain newspaper says, democracy dies in darkness. Hey, Washington Post, any interest in this one or our elected senators are going into a skiff to go determine the future of who is the custodian of our nation's secrets is if that is not darkness, what is darkness? Because we don't know how Mike Brown is gonna vote here or Todd Young, please. Yes. The, the risk in them doing it is, you know, what we think is that if she, if they sink her nomination, it will be the Republicans who sink her. I mean, that's, that's what's gonna happen here because they have the Majority of course, and we won't know. And But they were even harder on her yesterday than the Dems. Honestly, it was like, it was tough to find somebody who sounded like they were going to defend her.


She handled herself beautifully. I mean, she was articul articulate. She really elegant articul and poised and strong and unflappable. It was to the point where I was there and I brought my assistant Abby, who comes with me pretty much everywhere, and Abby's got two young daughters And she said, I'm gonna make my daughters watch this. I want them to see this. Like, she always looks for strong, articulate women so she can show her young girls look at that. Like that's possible. You can be that. And that's so great. That's how strong she was. She never, never lost her. Cool. I mean, it was actually a, an example in how to handle yourself, but there was absolutely no warmth coming her way from the other side of the aisle. I mean, I I I, I should mean, I mean across the hearing room, whether you were on the left or the right.


So I left worried. And my pal, Glen Greenwald, who's a big tulsi advocate, is worried too. And I just don't even know what to do to help her. Charlie, I don't, I'm not sure how we helped her. Well, So we have, we have to keep the, the one element of hope is that the chairman of the Senate intel committee is Tom Cotton's great. He has voice support. Great. And he went on Sean. Yeah, he went on Sean Hannity's program and he said that he thinks Tulsi is gonna get confirmed. So here is my hope. My hope is that senators who really don't like tulsi are gonna go in this skiff and they're gonna feel all the public pressure and they'll say, guys, let's just vote to put her on the floor. Now understand you can vote for her in committee and then vote against her on the floor.


Which is probably the deal that they're brokering with Susan Collins to be perfectly honest, right? That they say, Hey, just get her outta committee. Now, once it's on the floor, there is no skiff, there's no hiding that is in public. My hope is that these senators will all talk a really, really good game. But when that roll call actually starts to come that they might falter. So we have a 53 Senate majority, which, so you kind of go with this, okay? McConnell is probably a no because he's just the worst. Let's just say that John Curtis from Utah is a no, that gets us down to 51. So you could lose one more. Will Susan Collins come through for us in the end? Will Murkowski come through for us?


Will, how will Langford vote? How will Todd Young vote Cornin? We don't know, but this Yeah, Cornin, I think Cornin will end up voting for her. Look, if Cornin does not vote for, that's sound like a fan. He's done in tech. No, he is done in Texas, by the way, if he does not vote for, vote for Bobby Kennedy. And that's not a veiled threat. I could tell right now. There's very well-funded opposition that is being mounted. He's in a deep red state. He, he, he's already in a lot of ways, deeply unpopular, we've said at Turning point action that if you oppose President Trump's nominees and you are from one of these red states, we are going to fund a primary challenge against you. We've been very open about that. And in fact, we were unafraid to issue those kinds of salvos during the whole Pete Hegseth situation in December, and obviously helped contribute to the reversal and the pivot from that.


I mean, Pete Hegseth went down from like a one to 2% chance of becoming Secretary of Defense to now just doing an extraordinary job. So I, I don't want to say, okay, what is the percentage chance of tulsi advancing if she gets out of committee, her chances will improve dramatically. Her fight is in the committee, which of course happens in the shadows and in the darkness. Hmm. Alright, let's talk about RFKJ. So I didn't get to the soundbite yesterday, but there was a pretty extraordinary, there were a couple of extraordinary exchanges in his day two in front of the health committee confirmation hearing, he had to go through two. And Rand Paul is just a star. I mean, he like good luck, he's great. Challenging Rand Paul on medical issues.


Just a ask Dr. Fauci how that went. Rand Paul is one of the reasons Dr. Fauci Fauci needed a pardon because it seemed clear rand that Dr. Fauci lied to Rand Paul's face, correct repeatedly while under oath about his gain of function involvement and so on. And Rand Paul just knew the questions to ask Dr. Fauci during the relevant time. He's been very fearless. So he used his time at this confirmation hearing to respond to Senator Cassidy, who also is a doctor and Senator Cassidy of Louisiana. CASSYs a problem. He's problem, he's a problem. Problem. He's a problem. He's a pivotal, pivotal vote on this. So I'm gonna set it up by showing you Cassidy and RFKJ on vaccines.


And then I'm gonna show Rand Paul using his time to respond to it. I mean, it may all come down to this. So take a look at Cassidy in SOC 20. If you are approved to this decision, to this position, will you say unequivocally, will you, will you reassure mothers unequivocally and without qualification that the measles and hepatitis B vaccines do not cause autism? Senator, I am not going into the agency with any, Well, that's kind of a yes or no question because, so if you're, because the data is there and that that's kind of a yes or no, and I, I don't mean to cut you off, but that really is a yes or no.


If the data is there, I I will absolutely do That. Now, there is the data, just because I used to, I used to do hepatitis B as I've said, I know the data's there. Well then, then I, I will be the first person. If you show me data, I will be the first person to assure the American people to take that they need to take those vaccines. So in response to that, here's Rand Paul slide 21. The reason you have distrust from people at home and why they don't believe anything you say they don't believe governed at all is you're telling your my kids to take a hepatitis B vaccine when he is one day old. You get it through drug use and sexually transmitted.


That's how you get hepatitis B. For the record, if a child is born to a Hepatitis B mother, that child may have a 95% chance of becoming a chronic carrier. But if, and we vaccinate those people and nobody's against that. But if the Child, That's a very small percentage in red hearing, that is not what we're talking about. 99.9% of kids don't have a hepatitis B mom. And could they wait a while? Could they get vaccinated three months or a year? Yes. It, I mean that's, well, yeah, and Rand Paul understands, but This Bill Cassidy is being so stupid. We test for hepatitis B in utero. So we know if the mom has hepatitis B, right? That's how we're talking about it is a, it is a mandatory like minute one vaccination in certain states.


Thankfully in Arizona, even the nurses are like smart decision when we say no, hepatitis B. 'cause I mean it has lost all trust and credibility and the rank and file a lot of progress is made on that one. But, but this is a deeper question. Can we even criticize the child vaccination schedule at all? Like you're trying to tell me, I have to give my eight month soul son the Covid vaccine. Why prove it to me? No, I'm not doing that. So Senator Cassidy should really, I mean, again, I hope he comes and votes for Bobby Kennedy, but he should be challenged as well. The childhood vaccination schedule is become insane. And I could say this as a father of two kids, the rapidity and also what they are vaccinating for are things that I think a are not necessary to be inoculated against always.


I mean, chickenpox is debatable. I had chickenpox growing up. I can understand the argument both ways, but what is the safety, safety and the efficacy of these vaccines? Is it necessary? Is it, do you have to go through the entire schedule? Are there any side effects? And it almost gets to this place where it's like, we shall never question vaccines. They're nothing but great. Megan, I'm sure you know people that have been vaccine injured and it's a very serious thing. And they are, they are treated as if they are like modern day cultural lepers. They're not allowed to be talked, you know, talked to. You're not allowed to be considered. Yeah. And the Covid vaccine in particular, we had Nancy Mace who came out and said that she's had health problems that have never, that have never changed since she got the Covid vaccine. And we were told that it was safe and effective.


And yet then we look at all these studies that they reference. It turns out that there's a lot of corruption in the medical and scientific literature. A lot of these pharmaceutical companies are funding these studies. Again, all of us are pro-vaccine. We want vaccines to be safe and effective, obviously, but I'm also a free thinker. And I'm not just gonna carry the water for people that have done nothing to earn our trust. And so I hope we can win over. Senator Cassidy, I I find his comments to just be laughable in some ways, because anyone knows that, okay, the hepatitis B vaccine in particular, yes, if a mom has hepatitis B, which we test for, then give the kid the vaccine. But within minutes of a child's birth, you're trying to tell me that it, there's no side effect for pumping them with a hepatitis B vaccine, which is completely unnecessary, I think is wrong.


I think it's one of the reasons why we need Bobby Kennedy so badly. So I certainly hope he'll end up voting for RFK. I just, to me, it's so infuriating. I give my kids all the vaccines. They're not vaccine injured. Thank God, by the way, highly recommend the shingles vaccine as an adult because you can get it in your eye. It's just disgusting anyway, apparently it's very, very painful too. But that's an adult, that's an adult decision. You can decide whether you want these vaccines or not. But Bobby Kennedy, they were all over him on the vaccines. A as, as the audience now knows, he, he was on the show for four hours. We just spent two, two full hours on vaccines and not covid vaccines. These vaccines that he's getting cross-examined over MMR vaccine and his long history of alleged vaccine denialism that he got cross-examined over, over and over and over and over again.


And the long, the short of it is Bobby Kennedy jumped up and down and said, there's those, there's mercury in these vaccines and I don't know that it's safe. And they said, you're crazy. It's totally safe. You, you're a nutcase. And what wound up happening, they took it out. And we went to all of Bobby Kennedy's critics who said, he's got this problem with mercury and the vaccines. Mercury is totally safe, it's safe, it's safe. And then Bobby Kennedy came out and he explained this all on our show about how it was methyl mercury that they were saying was safe, but, and they said that it was problematic, but it was this other ethyl mercury. Yep. And long story short, the one that they said was totally unassailable stayed in the brain of the monkeys that were tested for months afterward, it's, he explains it all, all right, you good luck challenging him on the science behind the vaccines.


The bottom line is they took out the mercury that the same group that had been saying, it's safe, it's safe, it's safe, it's safe. Took it out. Not because of him. They had a closed door meeting and they said, you know what? Let's, let's remove it. But there's nothing to see here. There's nothing to see here. And then they put aluminum in these vaccines, which works. It's not exactly a preservative. It does something else for the vaccines. But That too is a potential neurotoxin. And then they said, it's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. Just shove it in your baby and don't give it two thoughts. But all of this is going on while the toxic stew that our children are swimming in was growing exponentially from, you know, the pollutants in their water and the fluorine and the chloride to the pollutants in their food, to the pollutants that is on your sofa and the baby toys and the bo the baby bottles and like all around them.


And Bobby Kennedy has been saying, can we just pause a little to figure out what's causing this? Why are the allergies doing this? Why are the ticks doing this? Why is the autism doing this? Why was this something you never even heard of when I was a a child to something that is one in 30 now? And they look at him and they say, you're a kook. You are dangerous. You, you are dangerous. It's infuriating. It's infuriating to be standing on my side of the aisle with children or yours. And to just, and again, with, with God thank God perfectly healthy children to say, why are you so determined to stop the questions? And the covid vaccine is even a more persuasive case where you've got young boys, totally 15-year-old boys.


I mean, it's just outrageous. Myocarditis dying. Dying. And they won't acknowledge it. No. And and, and by the way, the Covid vaccine is now on the childhood vaccination schedule. So there are 18 months olds that are getting the covid vaccine. Like, yeah, that's never going to happen. We're not, we're not doing mRNA gene altering technology, by the way, what is the risk if my kid gets covid incredibly low? Like remarkably low for infants and for kids that get covid? So there, there's a lot to unpack there. But I think also, shouldn't the broader question be, okay, vaccines causing autism, whatever, fine, not gonna get into that. But what does cause autism then? Why is it one in 30?


Can we, can we have a discussion of that? Are there other environmental pollutants? Are there other neurotoxins that we haven't addressed? Is it our diet or is the radioactivity, I don't know, but something is causing it. Something is causing this massive spike and yet Bobby is the crime or is the criminal for noticing? You see, Bobby is the enemy for noticing. And the old expression goes to find out who controls you, find out what you can't criticize. And we cannot criticize our public health authorities. And the media is so in bed with it for a very simple reason, which I hope the president and Bobby Kennedy get rid of, is you're allowed to advertise on these networks so shamelessly that they have bought the entire media industrial complex 1%.


I was laughing, I was watching the Bills chiefs game and I was watching a football game doing work, and all of a sudden the most ridiculous commercial ever pops up where it's like some guy running through a meadow and talk. They, they list all the side effects of these drugs, you know, might cause sudden deaths and might cause all these different things. And I said to myself, there's no way that this ad is persuasive. There's no way that there's some guy in Buffalo, New York watching the Bills game being like, you know what? Now I need to go buy that drug. No, it's part of a broader strategy, which, which by the way, pharmaceutical advertisements is actually the lowest cost per dollar return of anything. No, it's part of a broader strategy where they're trying to win the goodwill and control these media companies so they get favor media Coverage by media.


Absolutely. That's what it's all about. It's, it's not about promoting their drug. No one cares about it. These are awfully produced commercials. They don't put any energy into it, right? They, they go through whatever DEI thing of some, you know, black dad playing baseball with his kid in the yard. Like, okay, whatever. No, fine, whatever. It's like, no, nothing against that. And then they say, okay, here's it, Jardiance or whatever, you know, get this drug, ask your doctor about it. Okay. No one actually ends up doing it. Instead what it does is it gives them air cover against any of the journalist class and any, any of the people making the decisions at these media companies that could potentially investigate them or Yes. Or give them a scintilla of negative coverage. It's truly like the warning labels are like, you could try this to decrease your skin itchiness.


Totally. But it may cause testicular boils. It's like, wait, whoa, whoa, What? Oh really? That's just who in In their right mind, who in their right mind would sign onto that. I do wanna say this to Senator Cassidy whose vote we really need in, in, with all due respect. And by the way, I asked the audience to call his office yesterday and gave him the number and I said I would call and I did. I personally called, it was actually very funny, They took the number down. The guy was like, the, the Megan Kelly. I'm like, yes, the Megan Kelly, I, I want you to. And he was like, do you live in Louisiana? I'm like, no, but I have a loud mouth. And I have a lot of listeners who do, okay, they took the number down, but here's the email that you're suppo. I asked and they told me the email is Hannah H-A-N-N-A-H Barr, BAR r@cassidy.senate.gov.


Hannah underscore barr, H-A-N-N-A, HCO BA rrr@cassidy.senate.gov. And I think with all due respect to Hannah, and I'm sure she's a lovely person and Senator Cassidy follows me on X. So I'm sure he saw the posts I sent his way yesterday. They need to hear from us directly. And here's why I feel so passionately about it. Charlie, forget ev all that stuff about MMR vaccine, which will not be banned, Trump has said it will not be banned. Bobby has said it will not be banned. Bobby's past work to ask questions about it is in the past, he's not going to make this an issue. He's made that really clear. He has his beliefs about it, but Trump is the boss. Look at the Covid vaccine and what you said, how no one's allowed to ask questions about it. One of the people I ran into when I showed up at the RFKJ hearing was a guy named Carl Warner and, and I know Kyle, Kyle Warner because he came on the Show.


Oh no, he's, he's amazing. Mountain biker. Mountain biker, Exactly right. He's a mountain biker. And he came on the show during the height of the covid nonsense and told his story. He's friend, he lives in Oregon. Alright, this is not some far right dude. And talked about what happened to him after this vaccine. And here's, here's a clip of it. Watch, When I went into the hospital I said, I don't know what's going on with my heart. I think it may be a reaction to the vaccine. 'cause I got the Pfizer vaccine, you know, about a month ago and I've never had heart issues before. You know, so I'm just kind of ruling things out. I'm like, I dunno if you guys have seen this, but they are linking a heart issue. I'm having this new heart issue after getting the shot. And the guy was super dismissive about it and just said, no you're not.


Yeah, it was interesting 'cause then the doctor came in and was talking to me about how he said, Hey, when I was in medical school I had a lot of workload, I was really stressed out and I got put on antidepressants and kind of anti-anxiety medication and it really helped me a lot. And I think that would be beneficial for you too. And you know, I was like, thank you, but you know, no thank you. I think this is just a heart thing I'm dealing with. I don't, I'm Only anxious now 'cause my heart is racing and I'm worried about my heart. It's episode 2 22. It's very worth your time to go back and listen to Kyle's story. There's a reason he showed up. This is, this is about more than the mm r vaccine, which is fine. It's in place, it's not going anywhere. It's about a, a whole, I know it gets overused, but medical industrial complex that cares more about hooking you on drugs like SSRIs and taking every single vaccine so that they can make a ton of money like Pfizer did, like Moderna did.


They, they cannot be sued and then they don't care When you get vaccine injured, vaccine injured like Kyle, they don't give a shit. Well RFKJ cares, Jay Bachar is gonna care. Marty McCarey ideally at FDA. Yeah, big is going to care. And you need a disruptor like RFKJ at the top to run hurt on it. Someone who will not be bullied by these behemoths who have more money than God That monetize the sickness of the country every day. And we are the sickest we've ever been. We are the, he the least healthy we've ever been as a country. So think about it, we're the most technologically advanced. We have the most breakthroughs. We have AI doing half of our work for us right now, stock market at record highs, yet we're the sickest we've ever been.


So how does that exactly work? We're the most overweight, the most alcohol addicted, the most drug addicted, the most suicidal, the most anxious, the most depressed that we've ever been. And so something is fundamentally wrong. And of course it go, you've heard this before. We have a sick care system, not a healthcare system. And these major conglomerates have no interest in actually having a healthy population. In fact, a healthy population is a threat to the bottom line of Eli Lilly. A healthy population is a threat to the bottom line of Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Moderna and Johnson and Johnson. A healthy population means that you don't have to have 13 year olds get on Ozempic.


As we are having this chat right now, there is a simultaneous congressional debate to put ozempic on the Medicaid schedule so that teenagers instead of healthy lifestyle or eating better can do a injection every week pill for every ill and that will solve obesity. And if you look carefully on cable news, 'cause I I know all the interest groups behind it, they're running very persuasive ads. They say obesity is killing Americans. Call your senator to say that our government should stand up against obesity. You know, so what they're saying is they're framing obesity as this big problem. Call this number to support this bill. They don't tell you what's in the bill. The bill is to put ozempic on the Medicaid schedule, which would then have kids across the country not pursue healthier lifestyles, but instead have to do an injection for the rest of their life, which has all of these terrible effects years.


Oh, and and and maybe you have gallbladder issues and kidney stones and digest digestive problems and only also by the way supports and reinforces all of your other healthy unha unhealthy habits. Right? Eating, exercise. They are now looking at obesity as a permanent genetic condition. Not lifestyle choices. They're saying that, well it's just the way that you were born and there's nothing and That you can do. And JJ doing what, what does Cali mean saying? What is Dr. Casey means behind him saying they are talking about the toxins all throughout our society. Nicole Shanahan, who is Rfg ISS running me, right? All these people are talking about what causes the obesity. You know, you may be right that it's not entirely your fault, but the solution for a 13-year-old is not ozempic.


It's to get him off of nonstop processed foods, which make you more fat to get him off of seed oils. Which I mean, go back and there, there's a lot of medical research on this now that talk about how that makes you more prone to hold onto your fat. Why are we demonizing meat, right? And, and lionizing bread for these kids like correct these, this team is gonna stop all of that and they're just, you know, whistling into the wind right now because they're being painted as a bunch of new age kooks. I totally agree with you and honestly, like I know Ozempic is helped a lot of people, but it is a totally different game when you were an adult and you were capable of assessing risk versus being a child.


I also wanna say something else. There was a singer, I don't, I saw her video on XI didn't know this young woman, but she said she was only like 19 or 20 And she went on Ozempic And she was warning everybody that it caused massive bone density, lost loss, that she was already suffering from osteoporosis and osteo Purina, I forget what, forget the word, but I've told You. Oh, I know a lot, lot of people that have been hospitalized for a lot of, i I know people that are getting surgery because of it. Oh, big time. It it, This is, I suffered from osteoporosis. This is years ago. This is even before ozempic was a thing. I just wound up having kind of old lady bones. I don't know why it happens a lot to the thin women who aren't like, it can be helpful to be a heavier person 'cause like you're, you're pounding your bones while you walk and a lot of thin women wind up with this condition anyway.


Not for nothing. I've said this before, but I did go on this once a month injectable drug called E vanity for whatever it's worth for 12 months. And truly it like cured the osteoporosis. Like I, it, it was gone and yeah, gotta do a maintenance routine for like a year, the three years I think it is, but it's a miracle. It, for me, it was a miracle drug. Check with your own doctor, do all that. But I just wanted that young woman. I don't know how to reach this young woman, but I've like, she should know about this. Not everybody knows about this drug. Okay, so anyway, that's, that's RFKJ. I don't know what's gonna happen with him. Do you wanna handicap that one? I give R-F-K-J-A 60 to 70% chance of getting confirmed.


Okay. I like that. I feel like Senator Cassie is gonna do the right thing. He seems like a good man to me. Doesn't seem like a lunatic with like an, a political agenda. I think he'll listen. I hope he'll listen. I hope he calls me now. Cas Patel's gonna make it. But that one was just kind of fun. I mean that was, that was just fun to watch. It was really fun writing the exchange with Amy Klobuchar. Lemme just kick it off with that one because some People thought it loved just snarky. I Loved, I loved it, loved it. I enjoyed seeing him give it to her here. No, I thought it was great. He was in so 12. Just to give people a flavor On Joe P's podcast, he asked you the Capitol police in that fake January 6th committee, they didn't tell the truth, did they?


Patel? No, not just them many others. And lying under oath is a federal offense and they should be investigated for it. Do you believe that about the police officers? That's a general statement and a mischaracterization of what I said. I encourage you to read the rest of the interview. This is why snippets of information are often misleading and detrimental to this committee's advice and consent process. Well if you consent, I would love to have five hours of questions and then I could read the whole transcript. You've Got two minutes. Okay. Wow. In September. That was amazing. It was obviously a rip on what they'd been doing to him. They, nobody gave him any time to answer any questions, right? Well it's just, I mean I'm sorry I keep going.


Yeah, Yeah, no, I'm just saying like, I'll give you one other example. Like here for example is how Maisie Hirono the star of the Senate. How did Tulsi Gabbard and Maisie Hirono come from the same state? Okay, here she is. This is what she did to him. Watch We have heard already your book includes a list of 60 people who you think make up part of the executive branch. Deep state. Mr. Patel, they've confirmed. Do you plan to investigate President Trump's former FBI Director Christopher Ray? Yes or no? I have no plans in going backwards. I have plans in Safeguarding. How about James Comey? Do you plan to investigate him? Senator, every investigation will be subject to the same legal Standard.


Do you plan to investigate James Comey who's on your list? I have no intentions of going backwards in Bill Barr intention of using the constitution. How About Bill Barr? Do you plan to investigate him who's on your executive branch Deep state and you say you're gonna ferret out the deep state. No one yes or no. That did not break. The law will be investigated. It can't, no answers to any of those. Okay, Go ahead Charlie. No, I just wanted to say to Amy Klobuchar, I mean she's, she has such a high view of herself as if she has some sort of like high priestess of the U Congress that no one's actually ever slid up to her. I I just, I I find her to just be so ridiculous and Mazie hirono, I mean, what a smart person I have to say.


I mean she is just like so a amazing and insightful to listen to where she reads her prepared remarks. I have to say, remember the one where she, there was something where she attacked like all men, remember during the Brett Kavanaugh thing, like the men of America need to shut up and need to just kind of get out of the way. Sounds unbrand. And so I, I I think cash is just doing phenomenal. I thought that all three tulsi Bobby and Cash were in very, very difficult situations. You could tell that they had to kind of hold themselves back at times because there was intentional provocation attempts by the Democrats. But I would give Cash Patel a 99% chance of getting confirmed.


Yeah, He's getting through and I would say RFKJ was more combative in his second day and I think that's good. He needed to get out there and you know, I agree. Mix it up a little bit and not let them just beat up on him. Alright, I've gotta spend a minute on immigration. So Trump's amazing executive orders and the Lake and Riley act now being signed into law. They are not going without some pushback from the Democrats. And of course the pushback is just in so many corners, racist, elitist, classist, right? Like I, this is where they go every time. Like who is going to mow my lawn?


That truly every time you hear them going with that line of argument. Correct. That brings me to democratic strategist Jenna Arnold on a CNN panel with Scott Jennings in so 29 I think. I think they ought to be put on notice. And you gotta play by the rule. Everybody has to play by the rules and I don't Want to hear that they're doing work that no one else will do. Talk to guys in the building trades, plumbers, contractors, Farm picking strawberries. I mean like I can't wait. These Building trade guys are being, are being hurt. I can't wait by labor that shouldn't be here. I can't wait until American women can't get blueberries for their smoothies. I cannot wait until there is a full crackdown on all small businesses as if that's gonna be the solution to the immigration problem.


It is just going to put immigration related issues further into the darker corners. Oh my God, I can't wait until American women I know do Do blueberries. They do they teach you, do they teach you to talk like that at Wellesley? Is there like a course where you have to, you have to like raise the octave of your voice? You have to, but You also have to sound like a valley girl from 1987 then you know you're nailing it. I will tell you that my team said that, that this person reminded them of somebody who they thought I was gonna wanna see and they teed something up for us, Charlie, which it's blacked out on my soundbite list because they wanted it to be a surprise.


So let's see what they have in store for us. Who do they think this reminds us of? Yeah, you have to work harder. Yes. Like Megan, you should work harder. Why don't you have a makeup line? You don't do enough. Totally. All girls should work. Like I work, when I go to the makeup company, I point to the color I like and then they put my name on it. That, that is Kyle Dunnigan as Kim Kardashian. 100% people need to work like I do when I choose between tan and white.


Your thoughts on it? Well, I mean look of course to your original point, this is what they view. This is what they want mass migration to be is they want it to be the service class of the oligarchy. They, they, there are, there are two reasons why they want open borders is they wanna make sure that the hedges of the Hamptons are pruned to their liking for the lowest possible wage imaginable. And then they want a ton of voters that keep them in power. That's it. The the, it's never about enriching their lives or helping the American middle class. It is two things. It's the service class for the ruling class and then these people are gonna vote for us. And of course she goes right at it and it is this old trope.


It's like, well who's gonna pick your lettuce and who's gonna pick your strawberries and who's gonna pick your blueberries? But not a single person can answer a more fundamental question, which is that we are quickly going towards mass adoption of artificial intelligence. We are quickly going towards the merging of advanced robotics and artificial intelligence. So that means that more people are gonna be out of work, not less. So therefore, if more people are gonna be out of work and we're gonna kind of have an employment, not crisis, but a little employment hiccup that is very similar to how we transition from the agrarian based society to the industrial revolution, shouldn't it be the perfect time to press pause on mass migration?


Shouldn't we probably not have as many people coming into the country because we're gonna have a lot of jobs displacement? And this is not some sort of theoretical when polled over half of Fortune 100 companies say that they plan serious layoffs in the coming years because AI is going to replace those workers. Now that is high, high, high tech work. But also we're gonna see this in the manual trades as robotics starts to get put in place. So it begs the question, why is it they want all these people in the country? Oh, it's for permanent political power. It's not for blueberries, it's for the midterm election And that's smooth A the, we saw some of this on, on display at Caroline Levitt who's the new press secretary. She's doing a great job. She's out there, she's great being just as combative as the media deserves.


She's not being unnecessarily combative. They come in there with hatred for her Trump, his supporters and his agenda. And she is responding appropriately to a group of people who not only hate her and him, but are working actively to undermine him. And while masquerading as objective journalists, here she is on the subject of these illegals in a White House press briefing on Tuesday, hot 27. Thank of the 3,500 arrests ice has made so far since President Trump came back into office. Can you just tell us the numbers? How many have a criminal record versus those who are just in the country illegally? All of them because they illegally broke our nation's laws and therefore they are criminals as far as this administration goes.


I know the last administration didn't see it that way. So it's a big culture shift in our nation to view someone who breaks our immigration laws as a criminal. But that's exactly what they are The worst first. They all have a criminal record and welcome to the break Room. If they broke our nation's laws, yes, they are criminal. What Do you make of what's happening in the Whitehouse briefing room these days, Charlie? Well, as someone who's 31 looking at someone who's 27 B Press secretary I think is phenomenal. And it just goes to show how awful the media is. They have not given her even a little iota of credit that someone in their late twenties can take on the entire Washington Press Corps with a young Baby. That's a remarkable thing. Yes. I mean, again, imagine if Joe Biden put some sort of 27-year-old up there, it would be the darling beyond darlings.


It would be Vogue Magazine, it would be front page of the New York Times, it would be Meet the Press, it'd be the 60 Minutes interview. So I hope that's not lost on people. That's a 27-year-old taking on the entire Washington Press Corps. And for everyone out there that has kids in their twenties, I mean you should use that as an example. Like this is someone who has a child who's taking on the entire Washington Press Corps. The defendant administration at the media hates. That's someone worth kind of looking up to, not Dylan Mulvaney Abigail. So what are our, you gotta get the girls watching Caroline Levitt. Keep going Charlie. Yeah, no, but you think about it, it's like, okay, the media says Dylan Mulvaney hero, Caroline, Caroline Levitt clown, and just think about who we elevate is heroes and villains.


It's so backwards. So I think she's doing a great job. In fact, we've known her a while at Turning Point. We endorsed her when she wanted to run when she was running for Congress in New Hampshire. She's had a great career ascension and it's really interesting. She was kind of Kaleigh McKinney's number two. So she was in the building working and sought and probably has been practicing for her entire, you know, last couple of years. So it's just great to see. And I thought she was adequately prepared. I thought she was incredibly sharp. I thought her answers were perfect then I gotta give her credit. That answer right there is spot on. Yeah, that is more moral clarity that you than you would expect from any Senate Republican. Which is exactly right. By the way, definitionally, you being in the United States illegally is a crime.


Yeah. Entering the United States is a crime. And what she did is so smart. You reject the premise. They're all criminals. Actually, by the way, if you don't like that, then go to Congress and change the law. You don't get to choose which laws you like and don't like. The executive branch follows what Congress has passed. Congress passed that it's illegal to come into the country and stay in the country without invite to sneak in without crop. Yes. To sneak in to border jump. And so by definition, they are all breaking the law. And I think Caroline has just done a remarkable job. Absolutely. Right. And I, when I see her, I, I, I can tell she's young, but I see somebody who's gonna be a massive threat as this job goes forward, right?


Because if she's this good totally her first week on the job, they're gonna have their hands full when she's been doing it for two years. So I hope it lasts because she does have a young baby. And that's very, that's a very demanding job. I see. Like the press releases come out the night of the plane crash. It's like very, very difficult to have it a little babe and do that job hats off to her wishing her nothing but success and, and goodness in this role. I, before we get away from, I, i illegal immigration, listen to this Al Jazeera journalist trying to justify why it's gonna be very tough for these countries of origin to take back their illegals. Like they really just need to be allowed to stay in the United States because I guess we're bigger and we can handle them better.


Watch. Oh, Mexico cannot cope. Not sure any country can, but Mexico can't cope with like a sudden influx of millions of people. I mean, as much as she wants to embrace them, to use her word when they come back and make them feel welcome. It all sounds very nice when you're listening to it. But the reality of that is, is just completely unsustainable. That is an Al Jazeera journalist saying Mexico cannot handle the influx of their own citizens being returned to them. Charlie. Yeah, and, and just, I I want everyone to understand this, which is the, the Haitian government said something similar where they said if we return Haitians back to Haiti, it would destabilize their country. Oh, that's the point actually.


So if, if you can't even accept your own people, we're not talking again, I I would sympathize with the argument totally. By the way, if we were sending like Nicaraguans to Mexico or Mexicans, Nicaragua totally get that, right? Like another country should not be forced to take other people's people. But that's the point, isn't it? Yeah. We're actually being forced to take other people's people, right? And so that, and everyone would be like, oh yeah, of course you shouldn't send Brazilians to Honduras or Honduras to Salvador. And so, but thi this goes down to the, the entire dichotomy that we're in this binary way of looking at things where the Biden administration looked as if we've done such evil as a country, the way that we repay all of this, all of our guilt is by coming the world's dumping ground.


There's nothing we can do about it. You guys can come here and that we must just, just kind of absorb you. Where we have a view said, wait a second, no, if you're not invited into a place you're not welcome into that place. And if Mexican's own people is going to destabilize their country, then what exactly does that say about it? And that's, yeah, about the people that actually are coming back. And secondly, let's just look at the Colombian example. President Trump did a masterclass on the whole Columbia situation over the weekend. I mean, it was like 10 out of 10 a plus plus. It was incredible. But if the Colombian government was even flirting with the idea of wrecking their entire economy over a couple dozen illegal migrants, what does that tell you about the couple dozen illegal migrants?


Like who are these people? Why are they willing to put up such a fight? How bad are they? The answer is they don't want them back. And so if they don't blame them back blame. That should be blame. Yes. But I mean like at the same time, that should be more confidence for us to expel them from our country in an orderly, Humane way. Well, my, I take it is now Trump says he's gonna be sending them down to Gimo. Great. Let's see if these countries of origin object, right? You may get yes countries like Columbia where you're like, fine, great, keep 'em at Gimo. The point is, get 'em out of the United States. They shouldn't be our problem. Clarifying what I said, that wasn't an Al Jazeera journalist, it was a PBS special correspondent named Julia Galliano Rios on Al Jazeera's podcast called The Take.


So in any event, that's the immigration thing. I wanna ask you the time we have left, because you know, you, you spend a lot of time with people in the administration and you've done so much to get them in place in the first place. So what could possibly be next, Charlie, after the shock and awe of the first less than two weeks? Oh, there's more coming. Like where could Things possibly go from here? Well, a couple things. Number one, there are more executive actions and orders coming, but secondly, we now have to fulfill these executive actions to make sure that they are not undermined by the actual rank and file of the federal bureaucracy. There's a couple major fights that are gonna come to a head, which is the Doge team, when all of a sudden they say that these departments no longer exist.


What happens if the departments say no, they do exist. What happens when they're gonna start leaking and defying orders? So there's a whole fight that's gonna happen within a federal bureaucracy. Trump is going to win that fight because he is in charge of article two. We don't have article like we don't have a fourth branch of government of the federal bureaucracy. No, it is under article two. The president is in charge, what the president wants, what the president gets. We must curtail and reign in this idea of the permanent administrative state. And then Congress is gonna start moving. You're gonna see a lot of good pieces of legislation and the president is gonna bring the price of energy down. We're gonna see inflation go down. So I'm just thrilled with the pace at which the president is operating. And we're not even two weeks into this and I just think tens across the board and we still have another four years basically of this.


So I'm thrilled and all ideas are on the board to make America great again, to bring us back to prominence and greatness. This is why I work so hard. This is why you work so hard and praise God that we're in the situation that we're in. Charlie, never in a million years did I think even in that speech I give in Pittsburgh that he would do everything I said within the first 10 days. I even, that's right. I did not see that coming. I have been overwhelmed with the goodness I said to the audience every day feels like Christmas. I agree every day feels like I got a raise and then I got another raise the next day. And another like the way you feel, just elated, like, oh my God, this is such a boon, this is wonderful. I just, I can't wait to see what what he does next.


And thank you so much for helping make it happen. No one more critical than you, Charlie Kirk, thank you my friend. Thank you, Megan. Talk to you soon. Thank you. We'll be back on Monday. In the meantime, I did a lot in DC this week and we'll be posting some of the fun behind the scenes pictures that we took@megkelly.com. You go on, you sign up, we send you one email a week. It's on Friday. So today would be a good day to do it. And we know we don't sell your emails, we don't bombard you with anything, you just get this one email from us a weekend. We give you some fun behind the scenes things at the show and just highlights from the shows that we did all week in case you missed some of the goodness. So enjoy that. Go to megan kelly.com and sign up now. Have a great weekend, my friends.


Thanks For listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.