
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show where Christmas came early. Thank God Daniel Penny has been found not guilty. Thank God. Thank God. I think all of us are feeling the same thing. Thank God. And how on earth was he charged in the first place? Right. And we are going to dissect those two questions. Well, thank God is something we're thinking about a lot these days. I think since November 5th, a lot of us have been saying that many, many times things are about to change in America for the good in the world, for the good.


They're already starting to, but this is, it feels like divine intervention because that thug, Alvin Bragg brought these charges where they never should have been brought. And then as his case was falling apart on Friday, you remember we had Maureen here, Callahan, he refused to accept a mistrial when the jury was hung. They were hung on the most serious charge that had been brought against Daniel Penny accused of killing Jordan Neely, just a Michael Jackson impersonator on the subway. No, that's not what happened. Jordan Neely got on that subway and was menacing, seriously threatening the other passengers.


They were terrified and they testified to exactly that in front of this jury. They never should have brought the case. But, but Bragg charged reckless homicide against Daniel Penney, which is a very serious charge. It's, it's manslaughter and the jury could not reach a verdict on it. The next rung down was criminally negligent homicide, which is a lower burden, right? That recklessness is worse than negligence. Recklessness, As you see the risk and you recklessly disregard it, negligent is you are negligent in failing to see the risk. But brag only charged that top charge to try to get to a compromise verdict on negligent homicide.


He knew he didn't have Daniel Penny on recklessness, that disgusting thug. Again, he did this to Trump and now he did this to Daniel Penny. And now the final, finally, a jury has given him the double barrel bird of F off Alvin Bragg. Stop doing this shit. He won with his first jury with Trump, as You know, but the American people overruled him. So now the jury was sent back to go deliberate on the serious but less serious charge of criminally negligent homicide. And that's where they were told to resume this morning at 9:00 AM And Alvin Bragg's play was that once they couldn't get to a verdict on the most serious one, and in his mind I think he thought they'd been in the jury room and they'd say, okay, You know, his best case scenario was they'd go along with him on that one.


His next best was they won't go along with me on that and they'll acquit on that one. But as a compromise verdict, they'll go for the negligent homicide. What happened on Friday was they couldn't reach a verdict on the most serious charge. And that's the point at which the defense lawyer asked for a mistrial and that request should have been granted. That's what should have happened. They, but instead they allowed the prosecution to drop the charge, to drop the charge like it had never been brought. They're like, we can just keep going. Let's just not pretend the jury's deadlocked at all. We still have a viable claim in there. And the judge did it. And, and so there was real risk to, can you imagine if the jury had gone along with this and it said, okay, alright, fine, we will find him guilty of the one he was really going for All along the criminally negligent homicide.


Well, they didn't, they didn't, they saw through this farce of a trial per Matthew Russell, who's with Inner City Press, he was inside the courtroom when the verdict was read reports app. He reports that applause rang out from Daniel Penney's side in the courtroom. Meanwhile, someone over on Neely's side, he's someone describing him as the victim. He wasn't the victim, he was the aggressor. He was the criminal on that subway car that day who was seriously threatening other passengers. He had a long history of hurting them. And somebody on his side yelled out in the courtroom, it's a racist country.


Hello madam or Soothe, sir, that's not working anymore. You're gonna have to find a new line. I don't know what it's gonna be. But the BLM era is officially over. It's over. You had us in some sort of weird psychotic HeadSpin for four or five years and it's done. Trump's reelected and Daniel Penney is acquitted in one of the most leftist jurisdictions in America, despite the fact that he is white and Jordan Neely was black and they're still yelling, it's a racist country. You fools, you abso absolute fools.


And by the way, it's not just someone over on Jordan Neely's side. This is, we had n News coming into today that the outgoing chair of the DNC said his party is insane. If they think the message of this election was to rethink identity politics, double down, sir, triple down, quadruple do it. Enjoy oblivion. Enjoy your desert island where you have no one applauding anything you say. And certainly no one voting for you. I I, I look forward to watching you there. CNN reports that Neely's father also had to be escorted from the courtroom after shouting an expletive.


Where was he? Where was he when Jordan Neely had dozens of arrests over the years when he was punching 67-year-old women in the face? Where was the the grieving dad then? I don't, I'm not sure. Now he's suing Daniel Penny. Oh, okay. You're gonna get your money now. You're totally behind your son. I don't feel sorry for you. I don't, sorry, I don't Meantime the Associated Press did what that vile organization always does, sent out a breaking a breaking news tweet on the verdict that read Breaking Daniel Penney, the veteran who used a choke hold on subway rider Jordan Neely has been acquitted in newly death.


Yes, yes. Neely who went on the train and You know, what was just singing and dancing in his Michael Jackson routine. Is that what he was doing at AP or was there more than that? He actually was singing, shouting out at the commuters, someone's gonna die today. He was on K two, some hugely intensive drug that there was testimony that the drugs could have been the cause of his death. That's how cracked up he was. And, and he's just a regular subway rider, mean terrible racist. Jordan Neely for some unknown reason, put him in a choke hold and died and and killed him.


Notwithstanding all the evidence we have about what Jordan Neely was doing to the subway riders that day. Joining me not have discussed at all. Batya Ungar Sargon, she's opinion editor for Newsweek and author of Second Class, how the elites betrayed America's working men and women.


Did You know that American homeowners nationwide have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it. They're not dumb with a growing scam. The FBI calls house, stealing your house alarm, your doorbell camera, your deadbolt, it won't work. None of that will work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. And if your title is not being monitored, scammers can transfer the title of your home into their name, then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from home Title Lock, home Title Lock Triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring. And God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your title? Likely never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim. You can get a free title history report and a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to home Title Lock dot com and using promo code Megan. Or click on the link in the description, that's home Title Lock dot com promo code megan home Title Lock dot com.


Bacha, welcome back. What do you make of this verdict? Thank you so much for having me on this great day for our nation. I think you're totally right that this joins Donald Trump's massive victory in dispelling the mythology that the leftist elites would have us believe that this country is divided by race or still racist or even divided by a political party. I think what this verdict shows is that we are no longer under the grip of this false myth that we're still racist, that we're divided by race, or even that we're divided by political party. You know, you look at that jury and that jury looks a lot like America and I think a lot of people were thinking, oh You know, therefore they're gonna side with Jordan Neely over Daniel Penny.


And of course they didn't. It's such a great day for America and I, I just am so grateful to God. I think the other thing that's happening here, Meghan, is You know, the, the Daniel Penney trial was really a mirror for a debate that this country is having about masculinity, right? We're talking a lot about this idea of, You know, toxic masculinity. Should men be embarrassed to be men, to be macho, to be protectors or wanna be protectors to be providers or wanna be providers or are those things that a society actually needs? And I think that this trial was so much about that, about a man standing up in a subway car full of women and children and saying, I will not allow these women to be threatened in this manner, to be terrified when I am sitting here.


'cause of course God probably put me here for exactly this reason. And I think the way that you saw this case was very much what side of this debate do you fall on? Do you think that a society actually needs strong men, providers, defenders, men who are proud to be men in order to function? Or do you think that we should continue down the leftist path of demanding that men apologize for being men? Just like we've demanded that white people apologize for being white. And what this verdict chose Meghan, is that this is not a divide between left versus right. This is a divide between a leftist crazy elite who hates this country, hates men, hates white people, and the rest of us who are totally united around love of country, love of our fellow Americans, regardless of their race and the desire for women and children to be protected and safe and for men to be able to take pride in being men.


As if Daniel Penny would've behaved any differently. If Jordan Neely had come onto that subway car, done exactly the same things, but had been a white guy. It's absurd. There's absolutely no reason, nothing in his history, nothing to suggest any of that race had nothing to do with this. It was Jordan Neely's behavior that had to do with this. This is, this is from outside of the courtroom, I understand and it's a Jordan Neely supporter reacting to the not guilty verdict. Gotta stop that we have to change how we impact each other. Jordan came on that subway car.


The first thing he asked for was food. And he was killed and the person who killed him was not held responsible. We cannot allow this to keep happening. That is such an outrage. I I'll tell you, You know, full disclosure, nobody will be shocked. A, I live in Connecticut and BII don't really have to anymore. I don't ride the subway anymore. But I used to ride it every day for years, for years to get to work. Both when I was a lawyer and when I was at Fox. And I've had countless, countless subway riders approach me for money or food or some sort of handout countless that happens to every New Yorker, every day they're down there.


This was something entirely different. And how dare he try to lump Jordan Neely in with the vast majority of people who are homeless, who are on the subway, who are trying to get some sort of a handout. That's not what this was at all. He was in a class, not of one, but a smaller but more pernicious class of subway rider that You know, You know as a subway rider are genuinely dangerous to you or your children. A hundred percent. I ride the subway all the time. There are a lot of people who are on the subway who I wish weren't on the subway because of the way that they are acting, the way that they smell, the way that they are talking to me or other people.


But the idea that they need to be restrained, I think none of us would've accepted that. And you're totally right that this was a completely different situation. You saw footage that came out during the trial of women saying, I'm so glad that Daniel Penney was there because I felt so scared. There was a woman there with a child who was trying to protect her child. People hiding, people trying to get away from it. These are very different from the sort of average, although also, You know, disturbing situations that one encounters very regularly on the subway, which would not have warranted anything close to what Daniel Penney did. That said there has been a, a lot of improvement on the subway. I think, You know, Eric Adams really did take this to heart.


He was very much on the right side of this. He came out in defense of Daniel Penney and think, said that what he did was totally legitimate former cop Eric Adams. And so I think they have been making an effort to really clean up the subway in this way. But I think you're totally right about that. Megan, Andy McCarthy reporting today for Fox News actually hit yesterday in the real world there wasn't anything racist in Penny's interaction intervention as Neely threatened passengers. Yes, the happenstance is that Penny's White Neely was black, but Neely was intimidating. All of the trained passengers, regardless of race, penny was assisted in subduing him by non-white passengers. Some of the best witnesses in the case for Daniel Penny have been black passengers who have described how scared they were and how heroic Daniel Penney was.


One of the witnesses actually got up there and smiled and, and said thank you to Daniel Penney for his behavior after she testified. I mean this, the jury understood what we all understand, which is you can look at it with 2020 hindsight and say, oh gee, he should have let him go. Or oh gee, he should have handled it differently. A lot of us don't think that either. But you could, you could look at, but I mean a minuscule number of Americans would look at this and say he, he, Daniel Penney is a criminal. He should be locked up for what he did. And this is, I'll tell you, John Ptz had the tweet of the day, which is great and Ptz is brilliant and tweeted out the following, today is the day to celebrate the jury system and the fair administration of Justice tomorrow begins the relentless effort to get Alvin Bragg the fuck out of that office.


That's exactly right. Not just brag, but all of these left wing woke prosecutors who care more about skin color and how it's gonna play with their constituencies than they do about justice. Yeah. And honestly, when I saw that there were black people on the jury, I was very relieved because I knew that they would play a counterbalance or I suspected they would play a counterbalance to any woke white progressives who are the main driving force behind the re racialization of everything in the woke leftist mindset. This is being pushed by people who are progressive and upper class and people of means who never have to deal with the consequences of these insane policies like Defund the Police and Alvin Bragg and decriminalization of, You know, horrible stuff that impacts working class Americans every day.


And meanwhile it's working class Americans, working class people of color overwhelmingly in New York, who overwhelmingly favor more moderate policies and more moderate people like Eric Adams. So I think that you're totally right again, Megan, and that we really need to start seeing this moment for what it is, a moment being ushered in by Donald Trump and then all of these down ballot and You know, downstream effects of being able to see ourselves once again as the United States of America who are organized primarily around the desire for every American, regardless of color and regardless of creed, to have a fair shot at the American dream. Here's more from Andy Shamefully quoting here.


Judge Maxwell Wiley has allowed Alvin Bragg's prosecutors to refer to Daniel Penney as quote the white man and the white defendant, notwithstanding that Penny's whiteness is irrelevant, there not being a scintilla of proof that he was bigoted. He says that Dr. Bragg's approach is transparently jaded, appeal to any Manhattan progressives on the jury with a race-based ideological pitch that social justice demands finding penny guilty. This is so gross, it's so wrong. And it's such an injustice for this absolute prick of a prosecutor to try to try to unleash on one of his citizens.


His his job is to seek justice. That's his job. It is not to pander to the most leftist woke part of the Democratic cult. And that's what he's been doing, both with the Trump indictment. And now this, he needs to be voted out of this office. He is a danger, he's a danger. Here's some more from inside the courtroom when the words not guilty were heard inside the courtroom, Daniel Penney's lawyer slapped his palm on the defense table and turned to hug Mr. Penney who had a large grin on his face. It was the first mild Daniel Penney had smiled in court.


Another of his lawyers, Steven Razor stood and kissed his client on the cheek can only imagine the relief on, on his side today and like the enormous exhale that he's finally going to be able to breathe. But the problem remains batya, A, where do you go to get your reputation back, right? And B, just the process alone may really well be enough to discourage another would be good Samaritan from stepping in in the next case. A hundred percent. I think you saw the same thing with Jose Alba, who was that bodega store worker who was attacked by a young black man and who, You know, defended himself with a knife from being physically attacked.


The guy died and then of course brag again, You know, arrested Jose Alba. Now he let him go later because he's not white. So You know, the law of wokeness allowed for him to be released. That's right. But You know, It could be again, outta jail free card. Exactly how many, You know, bodega owners after that would hesitate to defend themselves. And I think you're totally right. You see people saying now all the time, I would never lift a finger to help a stranger in New York City after this because I don't want this to happen to me. The chilling effect that we see from the literal criminalization of masculinity, that's what this was, right? Daniel Penny behaved as a man should he protected women and children and they criminalized him for it.


They made him a criminal. Right? The criminalization of masculinity has such a dastardly impact on society and on men's ability to say, look, this is what we were given the testosterone for right to stand up and protect women. And Megan, I'm like I said, I'm on the subway often and things happen and you just think to yourself, why do no men stand up and do anything? And this is why. Yeah. Oh you're absolutely right. That's such an interesting way into the whole case. Like that's one of the things that was being debated. Do we still want that or don't we? And what men will continue saying, I will be a Daniel Penny. I don't care if it causes upheaval in my life. I know what's right and wrong on the subject of, You know, the white man, the white defendant, and You know, just a subway writer killing just a, the black subway writer, the New Yorker, Alex Berenson on Twitter was pointing this out.


The New Yorker described this case as that of the subway dancer strangled by the ex-Marine, the subway dancer strangled by the ex-Marine. My God. I mean this is what we're up against. This is what he was up against. This what we're up against as a society. This sort of blatant misrepresentation and spin. I mean, again, we go back to this a lot, but it's true. Thank God, thank God for the digital lane for x for a whole new ecosystem in the United States where truth can be discussed. And it's to the point now where the, the old mainstream is just getting left behind. It's almost irrelevant what they say. It's like people are going elsewhere for their information.


They've been lied to so long. The system's working as it must, You know, Darwinism is at work right now in our news media and it's a glorious thing. Switching gears, Jordan Neely's father made remarks a moment ago outside of the courthouse. Here he is. I just want to say I miss my son. My son didn't have to go through this, I didn't have to go through this either. It hurts. Really, really hurts. What are we gonna do? People, what's gonna happen to us?


Now? I had enough of this system is rigged. Oh my God, the system's rigged. This didn't have to happen. Correct? Maybe with some proper parenting you could have reigned in your son or given him enough mental health skills that he would not have found himself this destitute, drugged up and seemingly without other options. I I like, I I'm sorry, but this guy suing Daniel Penney is a bridge too far. He knows very well about his son's mental health problems and the number of people he hurt, his son actually physically hurt and assaulted.


There is every reason to believe another victim or victims were about to be added to that, that that the notches and that day, had it not been for Daniel Penny and now he wants us to feel sorry for him. And I think ideally engage in some sort of a riot by using terms like this whole system is rigged against black defendants. That's the implication really. Alvin Bragg, the black da. Okay, sure. There's so much going on here. I mean, can you even imagine Meghan having abandoned your child in that manner to live the way Jordan Neely lived, to have nothing in your heart while he was alive, to spare him from living on the streets in that manner, only to turn around and try to capitalize economically off of your own child's death, who you could not be bothered to lift a finger to help when he was alive.


Now, I have struggled to find in my heart's sympathy for Jordan Neely Because he had been so violent to truly vulnerable people, old ladies. I mean, it's very hard for me. I know that I'm supposed to and I have really struggled. But it has been hard for me Because he was violent to the vulnerable. But his father, you look at this man and you think, wow, I could see where that might have come from. I mean, who wanted nothing to do with his son after he was traumatized by his mother's death, left him to walk the streets of New York, a danger to himself and a danger to others. And now is trying to get money off of the person who defended people from his own son who he abandoned.


It's truly the most loathsome thing I've seen in a very long time. He's going to wind up with the same result that Alvin Bragg just got in this case. A disappointing one for his side. There is not going to be a civil jury in New York who gives him 1 cent. Not that Daniel Penny has it. This is, he is not a rich guy, thank God is all I can say. But the, the system and the rest of us should not have been placed in this position in the first place where we had to worry about it. Where we had our brave men chastised, threatened their freedom, almost potentially withheld for doing what's right. Alvin Bragg is to blame for all of that and must be held to account.


Here is more reaction now from one of the Central Park five saying the outcome of this trial is a searing indictment of the systemic failures that continue to plague our pursuit of Justice. For society's most vulnerable Jordan Neely's life mattered. That's not going to work, by the way, the whole thing about the Central Park five, do a little searching. Just go, go actually familiarize yourself with their case. Go read Anne Coulter, who is brilliant and a lawyer and has been following this All along on exactly why they were charged. I, I love that they're, that they're the new heroes of the left.


Count me out, I'm out. And I don't give a shit about his social justice commentary. This guy Jordan Neely's life mattered. Tell it to his family. Tell it to the system that actually didn't lock him up to protect the rest of us, but let him free to go roam and threaten more inevitably leading to a situation like this. I mean, he would've been locked up eventually, probably for life if he had killed somebody. But I don't wanna hear it if it mattered so much. Where the hell were you? Central Park five when, when he was hurting, when he was locking or hurting old ladies when he was endangering children, right? Like it only matters once he can become a poster boy for their social justice.


Cause Baja, otherwise they don't give two shits about the, the Jordan Neeley's of the world. And I think that they're rallying around him. It's actually indicative of the fact that they don't have a better victim, right? I mean, You know that all of the people that they used to rally around were actually victims. The fact that they've chosen somebody who was a victimizer as the new poster child for the BLM movement just reveals once again how the supply of racism in America is so much smaller than the demand from the leftist elites, right? They can't actually find these instances of, You know, racism resulting in murder anymore because America is no longer a racist country.


And this is something that black people, Hispanic people, are simply begging us to realize. They're really begging white progressives to stop the infantilization, to stop the re racialization. They're voting as, as Americans, You know, not as black people or Hispanic people or Asian people or Jewish people. This is a very united country as we just saw. And so whenever people see this language, You know, it's evidence of only how far the people speaking in this manner stand even from their own communities. Yeah, yeah, that's actually right. And in the, you point out correctly that there are black jurors in this case and the whole case is brought by a DA's office under a black da.


So how exactly is it rigged again? I mean, you wanna talk rigged. We can talk about what happened to Donald Trump, but in this case if, if it was rigged in any one way, it was rigged against Daniel Penny. And still that jury said, no, you, you've gone too far. And of course the reason that there have not been adequate police around New York City and on the subways for so long they've now tried to rectify it is because of this whole movement to begin with. It is because of BLM and its advocates and a OC, can I just say a word on a OC? More and more I'm seeing people on the right offering like some praise for her. Like oh, don't count out a OC and she's a fighter because she seems to have some of the same base as Trump.


People who want an outsider wake up, people wake up. She was 100% on the side of Jordan Neely here, throwing out all the racism accusations and all that that her, her woke identity politics playbook. She is no friend to reason. So stop. Okay, just stop. The praise of a OC has to end from anybody who wants justice, wants reason, wants sanity to prevail and isn't on the side of woke identity politics. Here's a soundbite from Eric Garner's mother. Eric Garner of course was a New York City man who was, he also died in police custody as a choke hold took place over him selling illegal cigarettes years ago.


Here we stand once again in front of this injustice system. I stood here 10 years ago because they did not give justice to my son with a choke hold. I fought hard to get the antich choke hold bill passed, which did pass. But it should not only be for police officers, it should be for civilians also. Really no one deserve to be choked to death. And You know, we are in that courtroom and people are cheering for the verdict. They made the loudest noise. The judge did nothing.


But when his father spoke out, they put him out the courtroom. Is that justice or what? We can't allow this to keep going on. We have to fight this system. But they don't do the same to us. It's two justice systems. Actually that's not true. According to the Matthew Russell from Inter City Press who was in the courtroom, the jury entered, the clerk asked, how do you find on Daniel Penny on count two? The foreperson said not guilty, the penny side started clapping and the judge said, be quiet. So she's wrong.


The judge did not do nothing when they started clapping, the judge was quick to tell them to stop that. And as for her son, he died in 2014. The death was ruled a homicide. The grand jury did not wind up indicting the officer. The family did get damages from the city. The officer was ultimately terminated. And back to a OC, here's her tweet. In 2023 on this case, Jordan Neely was murdered. But because Jordan was houseless and crying for food in a time when the city is raising rents and stripping services to militarize itself, while many in power demonize the poor, the murderer gets protected with passive headlines and no charges.


It's disgusting. Well of course he was charged. But this woman is some sort of a fae populist because let me tell you, if you're a white man, she doesn't see you as in need of any sort of help or protection even when the system is working to imprison you. Right? Supposed to be one of her core issues, right? Over imprisonment and a a justice system that isn't fair. How about if it happens to be a white man who was trying to defend people black and white against a lunatic, drugged up black man threatening them? Nope. In AOCs world it's murder. It's murder because of white and black. All of this is just stirring. It's just stirring because she's one of the last vestiges bacha of the woke left, which is being snuffed out.


Their identity is being snuffed out bit by bit massively thanks to 10 or 11 five and Trump. And this is gonna help. But what this really is more just a sim symptom that it really is happening. It's even happening in New York. So I am gonna be very curious how a OC responds to the verdict. I'm gonna be very curious how Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris and Joe Biden respond. I'm gonna be very curious how Joe Scarborough and how CNN and all of the liberal media, the New York Times, how everybody covers this. Because Meghan, As you rightly point out since Trump, You know, won with such a massive victory, there has been so much talk on the left about, oh what did we do wrong?


Maybe it's time to move on from identity politics. Now you're right that it's been equivocal. There have been voices saying, how dare you, this is our bread and butter. But a lot of people have been doing a lot of soul searching and while I think a lot of it is performative, this is going to be the first test case. Did they actually learn the lesson that the American people were trying to teach them on November 5th? Or did they not? And I hazard a guess that AOCs tweet this time around is going to be very different from that one. But Megan, we'll see which of us is right in about three hours probably. Yeah, exactly. Okay. So there is other very big news today and that is they appear to have nabbed the guy who they think killed United Healthcare, CEO, the United healthcare, CEO.


And so that manhunt that's been underway has appeared to have worked per CNN sources. A 26-year-old man was picked up at a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania after an employee thought he looked like the man in the NYPD photos, right? On McDonald's. McDonald's should be times person of the year. They're debating it right now. It should be McDonald's. That's amazing. God bless that person. He had fake IDs presumably. Now we're moving on to what the NYPD found out about him. Not that person at McDonald's. Last I checked, you don't have to show your license to get a Big Mac.


He had fake IDs including one NYPD believes was used by the killing suspect in New York. Altoona police responded to the call, picked up the man and searched him. The sources said the man also had some documents investigators want to examine as potentially relating to motive. Good though further details on those documents. Were not clear Altoona police are waiting for NYPD detectives who are on route. This is amazing. There's more, hold on, standby. My team is sending sources, say he was found with gun with suppressor. I guess that means they were f it sounds like the gun with a suppressor on it.


Just, just like the one used in this murder. Yeah, the gun, which had a suppressor, a silencer on it just like the one used per CNN law enforcement sources. So this is very interesting because this guy's been playing a game with the cops Bcha, where he dropped a backpack. They believe, they believe it was him in Central Park as he was fleeing successfully. And they found the backpack over the weekend and inside of it was monopoly money, which appears to be some sort of a, You know, an a middle finger, right? A cat and mouse sort of haha moment. Not sure. That's just my guess. And amazingly he got away, but the cops over the weekend found two additional pictures of the guy.


I mean it's like in 2024, almost 25 America, it's very hard to stay off camera if you're gonna commit a crime. And they have one clear as day. Can we do we have it, we can put it up of him sitting in a, I think it was a, an Uber or taxi and looking out the window and my God, it's like, I mean you can look, you can see he's wearing one of those covid masks, but the upper half of his face is as clear As you could want. And they put this out and I can't help but think of like the Brian Kohlberg case out in Idaho where that, You know, the one roommate who was home Dylan but not killed, could only remember that he had a covid mask on and had bushy eyebrows.


And you look at this guy and it is very identifying those bushy eyebrows, you can kind of tell about what age he is. You can tell he is male. He, he, it's noticeable that those eyes and that look is pretty distinctive. And I am still surprised that the McDonald's worker put two and two together. But I bet you he was wearing his mask there too. So it probably, it probably helped. I can't wait to hear more about how that went down. Your reaction to that breaking news. You know, I've been following very closely the reaction to the murder. There's been this weird thing happening both among young people and the far left, but also on the populist, right?


Where people have seen this as an opportunity to both lionize him and talk about, You know, our healthcare system more broadly. So there's been this very ghoulish celebration of the killing. There was A-A-C-E-O murderer lookalike contest in Washington Square Park. Horrible stuff. I mean obviously murder is just horrible, horrible inexcusable. But I think the frustration that people feel with our healthcare system is very, very real. People feel really, really angry at how hard it is and how unaffordable it is in many cases to get really good healthcare coverage. And so I'm sort of thinking, how do we move forward from here?


Obviously, like I don't want this to be an opportunity of any kind. This is a horrible murder, it's a tragedy for his family. And I hope this person is the person who committed the murder and goes to jail forever. But at the same time, can we have this conversation about our coverage and how so many people who work really, really, really hard feel that the basic coverage they need to be healthy, which they want is out of reach for them. That I'm sort of trying to find the middle ground there. Like is there a human way to have that conversation in this moment or not? I don't know. I gotta think maybe, but not now. That's where I've landed on it. You know, you do it now, it's responsive, right?


It's giving the guy what he wanted and it's just, it's too soon. I mean, I will say this, you wanna throw out our private healthcare system? Good luck. Think you're gonna do better under a Canadian system or what they have in the uk. Talk to anyone, You know, Canadian, Debbie, hello. It's, it's a nightmare. You, you, you could get, you actually could find like a lump, god forbid, under your armpit by your breast and you could actually be waiting 12 months to get in for a biopsy. I mean it's like that's a death sentence. It is no better when the government is actually running the system. You, the wait times are absolutely deadly and You know, you, you can't buy your way out of it.


You can't work your way out of it. You're, you actually, what you do is you come to America, you go to a country that has private health insurance. It's not to say it's perfect by any means, but I mean, let's not kid ourselves the lunatics saying like, we need what Canada has. You know what you first, I'm not doing that. I mean it's ridiculous. And listen, I haven't always had enough money to pay, You know, the whatever you have to pay on top of the insurance. Most of my life I didn't have that. So I understand, but the system's never gonna be perfect anyway. I think we do have the discussion, but not, not now because you just can't, it's too responsive. And by the way, I mean I heard a good discussion on the editors the other day, the National Review podcast with our buddies. And they were talking about how, You know, there's a real fear right now about copycats and I think they're right.


Oh boy, right? Like they were saying a, they'd worry about this guy before he got caught, You know, going and doing this to another CEO in the healthcare industry. So hopefully now that's done. But b You know, other people, 'cause there are a lot of Americans who have been hurt as a result of insurance that they didn't think was fair decisions they didn't think was fair. And You know, all those executives are, I realized a lot of 'em are fat cats and they're ma this guy was making what, $10 million plus a year. But that the system is what the system is. It's like Bridget Fe always says, You know, blame the game, not the player. She says it better than that.


Megan, do you think it's possible that it will turn out that this man was hired by somebody with a personal motive? Do you think that's a possibility? 'cause I can't help but think like he knew a lot about where this guy was gonna be in when, in a small window. So originally I thought maybe, but now I don't because it turns out what they reported over the weekend was that that gun he was using, they now believe was this similar, like a similar gun or like the same kind of gun that a veterinarian uses when they have to take down like some large animal where you have to load a bullet in for each round that you're gonna fire. And that doesn't sound like any sort of a professional assassin, right?


Like that I, I mean that's fraught with peril for a would be assassin. And so it doesn't sound very professional and I don't know, like, I don't know. It just, while it was, forgive me for saying it this way, well executed, You know, like he got away, he, he killed him and he got away. Just seemed to be a little bush league to me. So my money is on disgruntled insurance patient. And look, You know, just one other point. It's not just health insurance. Insurance in general is fucking annoying. Have you ever had a fender bender and you just like, you don't even report it. 'cause You know that your insurance rates are gonna go up so much higher that it's not even worth it to you.


It costs more to cash in on your policy than it does to actually just use your policy. So that whole system is, You know, in, in all industries is very messed up. I mean, by the way, we have a place in Montana, good luck. You can't even get flood insurance anymore. Wow. Yeah, there's all like all over the country, they're canceling. There was a big piece in the New York Times about a year ago on how the reinsurers are stopping the insurance for flooding and other sort of home disasters. So everybody is just gonna have to pay out of pocket of, so it's just like the whole system can be looked at maybe as Trump put underneath his picture at all of his rallies, maybe quote, Trump can fix it So far.


No. Okay, back to Alvin Bragg, quote, the jury carefully deliberated for four days. They requested read backs of testimony and asked for video footage to rewatch as well as written definitions of the law, their lengthy deliberation and the totality of the facts. And the evidence underscored why this case was put in front of a jury of Mr. Penney's pierce. Oh my God. He's trying to say the fact that they really wrestled with this is a vindication of me bringing the charges. The jury has now spoken at the Manhattan DA's office. We deeply respect the jury process and we respect their verdict. Unfortunately, over the duration of this trial, talented career prosecutors and their family members were besieged with hate and threats.


You mean like the subway passengers were Alvin the ones who you, your system was not there to protect, but Daniel Penny was, I mean like crime, a river, like look, I'm not in favor of threatening prosecutors, but it definitely goes with the job. It freaking goes with the job of being a news anchor. Nevermind a criminal prosecutor And his office, we played the soundbite on Friday, has been out there touting their social justice agenda and how they reduce penalties for minorities only. So I'm sure people did feel like the system is rather unfair. I mean, no one's crying for Alvin Bragg. Megan, what do you make of the fact that the jury could not decide on the higher charge, but it was very easy on the lesser charge for them to, like, how, how do, who are the holdouts, right?


Who couldn't quite commit to the manslaughter charge? Like what do you think made it easier for them in the mans in the, the secondary homicide charge? Because that one was a higher charge, right? Like it was, it seemed like it Was the three, the one that got thrown out. Yeah. Yes. The one that got thrown out. What do you think changed for the jury between those two charges? I have no idea. 'cause the fact that they couldn't reach a verdict on the ser most serious charge suggests there was at least one juror who wanted to convict him, right? I mean, if they were all like he's guilty, they would've found him guilty. If they were all saying he's not guilty, they would've said that I, there there had to be at least one who wanted to find him guilty.


So then the prosecution dropped it. My only guess this is a complete guess, is maybe the fact that the DA just dropped the charge was underscored for the jury. What a joke this is about how the DA is not taking the case seriously and neither should, should they, that this whole thing is just a farce, obviously. Like we didn't mean it. In other words, a telegraphs like, just kidding. You know, nevermind. Oh nevermind all that stuff we said, we'll just pull it. I don't know. But in New York the jury can speak. So hopefully they will in the meantime, more reaction from outside the courthouse as, and you knew it was coming. BLM takes to the mics, the New York co-founder, Hawk Newsom, take a listen.


We need some black vigilantes. That's right. People want to jump up and choke us and kill us for being loud. How about we do the same when they attempt to oppress us, right? I'm tired. Tired. So it's going well outside of the trial, outside of the court. We need some black vigilantes. That's the solution. I think he's gonna get charged for making threats. I It's just, it's so racist to look at Jordan Neely and say the most important thing about him is that he's black because it suggests that there's something about his behavior that is like inherently black, which is of course nonsense.


His behavior was threatening and the result of a mental illness. Right? So what I don't understand these activists coming out here and saying the most identifiable thing about Jordan Neely, the most important thing about him was the color of his skin. I mean, to me it seems like that is an extremely racist thing to say when the truth is, As you pointed out, Meghan, he was threatening black people. Black women stood up and spoke for Daniel Penney saying they were glad he was there, thank god he was there, that he protected them. Why do these activists always act like the black people who are perpetuating crimes are not also perpetuating them against their own neighbors, their own members of their community.


Why are the victims of crime never taken into consideration in these grand, You know, proclamations. It's, it's, it's very, very upsetting. And if you talk to black cops about this, they're very upset about this because they're out there trying to defend black people and then they have these elite activists who make this job unbelievably impossible for them who stigmatize the work that they're doing, which is in effect God's work. Yeah, that's exactly right. And that's, by the way, we have Heather McDonald on the program tomorrow. Should we happen to be booked to talk about Trump's cabinet picks? 'cause she's got a lot of very interesting thoughts on them, but she's the perfect person to follow up on this because she's the one who knows all these studies about how, You know, black women in particular in the inner cities have been saying over and over and over, do not remove the police.


The last thing I want to see is fewer police officers in my vestibule in my lobby. And so they're not on board with this, right? It's like the Alvin Bragg and the BLM folks would like us to believe that it's true, but it's not true. Here's that same guy. We just played the BLM New York co-founder a couple days ago and saw 20, They will not Find, oh sorry. It was another Co-founder killing a black man in modern day America sister. And people who keep asking, are we gonna riot? Are we gonna protest? Is that what's needed? Do glass have to break? Do cars have to burn For a black man to get justice in America? We can't show up with peace. We can't show up with facts, we can't show up with evidence and witness after witness.


You give us nothing and then you ask us to love this country. America hates black people. Ah, okay. An uplifting message coming from BLM. I know you're shocked. There were four black jurors on the jury of 12 Bcha stays with me. Quick break and then we're back.


The Megan Kelly show is supported by Grand Canyon University, founded in 1949. GCU is a private Christian university that's dedicated to delivering an affordable and transformative higher education. Their vibrant campus is located in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona and according to niche.com, ranked a top 25 best campus in the USA As of June, 2023. GCU offers 330 academic programs with over 270 of them online, allowing you the freedom to earn your degree on your time from wherever you are at GCU, your degree, whether it's a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate, integrates the free market system and a welcoming Christian worldview. Learn more about GCU U'S programs. Competitive tuition rates and scholarship offers from your university counselor. They're part of the supportive graduation team. It takes a personalized approach to helping you achieve your academic goals. Walking alongside you every step of the way. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University. Private Christian, affordable. For more info or to enroll, visit GCU dot edu.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet M GM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


So more details on what happened inside the McDonald's. I'm so into this story. It was not a worker, it was a customer. And this is via the New York Times. The man detained in the McDonald's had written a quote manifesto. According to two law enforcement officials, the handwritten manifesto found on the person of the man detained in Altoona criticized healthcare companies for putting profits above care according to a senior law enforcement official. Great. So we're gonna know it All the man detained in the McDonald's in Altoona had what investigators believe was a ghost gun. Meaning it was put together with parts sold online that matches the gun, believed to have been used in the shooting per a senior law enforcement official.


The man who was detained at McDonald's showed the police the same fake New Jersey ID that the man believed to be the gunman presented when he checked into a hostile on the upper west side of Manhattan on November 24th per a senior law enforcement official senior law enforcement official saying another customer. It was another customer who recognized him and called 9 1 9 1 1 more on the customer. It was an elderly patron of a McDonald's Go Boomer in Altoona, Pennsylvania, who provided the tip that led the authorities to hold the man for questioning per a senior law enforcement official. That is just too amazing.


So an elderly, not just, not just a boomer, an elderly person was in there, saw the guy, and again, almost certainly he had the, he'd probably be better off if he took off the mask at this point, You know, and said something. Think, think about that position, right? Bachi is like, I dunno if I, I think I'd be like, I dunno, it's the shooter of that guy. I don't wanna cause trouble. Someone's gonna say, I was like profiling him Because he is like, I don't know what his background is, but he looks a little ethnic. I don't even know what kind, but I, I think I might pause lest I, lest I get some innocent person in trouble.


But they did it and they got him. I truly wonder if he was wearing the mask when this elderly person identified him or not. Because I don't think I am. Like, I don't think I would've had the confidence to say from that little strip above the mask that I could tell that that was the person in the picture looking out the window from the car or at the hostel. It's so little that's exposed by the mask. So I really wonder if he, you're right that he recognized the mask and the little strip and that's why he thought to call the police because it was so odd to see a person wearing a mask in a McDonald's in Pennsylvania. I imagine there's not a lot of people masking there, but it is truly incredible.


I mean that he got out of New York, that he got that far and then was stopped by just an everyday American. It's so great. And You know, I will say this, they, they've done these studies where they'll show you just this part of a celebrity's face. And for the listening audience, I'm just showing my eyes basically just like the half the inch or so around your eyes. And your eyes. And a lot of people have no problem identifying the celebrities. Like if you're gonna show one part of your face and you wanna be identified, it would be the eyes like he would've been better off to have some sort of sunglasses on the whole time, right? Like don't, don't show the eyes or wear a mask that covers the whole face.


Or wear a disguise. Like a disguise might have been smarter because it's so like they did a great job of getting that photo everywhere. Everywhere. So I am dying for more details. I wanna know everything there is to know about this elderly patron. Here's a little bit more New York Times noting it's not the first time that a McDonald's customer identified a suspect, a McDonald's or this McDonald's customer. Like hold on the McDonald's. The McDonald's arrest in Altoona echoed the arrest of Frank R. James, who in 2022 set off smoke grenades inside a crowded subway car in Brooklyn and opened fire, injuring 10 people and was also arrested.


Adam McDonald's after a 31 hour manhunt James was caught when someone recognized him at one of the chains outposts in Manhattan, mere miles from the crime scene. Why don't you go through the drive through, I guess You don't have a car. Like would you steal a car and go through the, I don't know, like how would you get food? I don't think seven 11 like, or just go to like a mat, like put on a disguise? I don't, I have no life in crime ahead of me bachi, but I'm just thinking it through like this again, doesn't seem like a pro. Yeah. And I think that now that we know that he was sort of a vigilante on behalf of people who feel wronged by the medical insurance industry, I think this question of how to deal with this morally is incredibly, incredibly important, right?


Because a lot of people on the far left and also on the far right are going to see him as a vigilante for some kind of Justice. And I think it's so important, As you articulated earlier, Megan, to find a way to say, we cannot allow this to be an opportunity, even for a conversation people wanna have. Murder is absolutely wrong. This person is absolutely evil for taking a human life. There's no justification for that. And to find a way to have that conversation going forward that's not tied to this is gonna be, I think, extremely important, especially for young people watching this unfold.


Okay, let's talk about politics before you have to go. Donald Trump goes on Meet the Press this weekend in an extraordinary hour plus exchange with Kristen Welker, and they got into what's gonna happen in his second term with respect to immigration Here. I'm just gonna play some for you. Here is, so four, take a listen. You've talked about prioritizing people who have criminal histories. Correct. But is it your plan to deport everyone who is here illegally over the next four years? Well, I think you have to do it. And it's a har, it's a very tough thing to do. You're saying yes, you're gonna focus on the people with criminal histories, but everyone who's here illegally has to go.


I'm saying, Is what you're saying. I'm saying we have to get the criminals out of our country. And you see what they've done in Colorado and other places. They're taking over, literally taking over apartment complexes and doing it with impunity. They don't care. They couldn't, they just are ta they're in the real estate business. You know, The local police say they're, that is not the case in Colorado. Oh, It's totally the case. I mean, Is it realistic to deport everyone who's here? They Have no choice. Choice. First of all, they're costing us a fortune, but we're starting with the criminals and we gotta do it. And then we're starting with others and we're gonna see how it goes. Who Are the others? Others are other people outside of criminals. Okay, so there was that, and there is, there is a problem with Venezuelan gangs in, in, in Colorado.


Take a look at the very in-depth piece that City Journal did on it. I don't know why she's pretending that it's not a problem. But You know, that's NBC for you. Here is a little bit more on the subject of children and families in so five, Talking about parents who might be here illegally, but the kids are here legally. Your borders are to, You're talking about separation. Yeah. Well, bef I mean there are two aspects to this. Your border are, Tom Homan said they can be deported together. Correct? Is that the plan? Well, That way you keep the f the, well, I don't wanna be breaking up families. So the only way You don't break up the family is you keep them together and you have to send them all back. Even kids who are here legally, well, Well what you gonna do if they wanna stay with a father?


Look, we have to have rules and regulations. You can always find something out like, You know, this doesn't work. That doesn't work. I'll tell you what's gonna be horrible when we take a wonderful young woman who's with a criminal and they show the woman, and she could stay by the law, but they show the woman being taken out or they want her out. And your cameras are focused on her as she's crying, as she's being taken out of our country and then the public turns against us. But we have to do our job Good for Trump. I mean, he's exactly right that he, he's anticipating where this plan is going to meet significant pushback from the press, which is when there's a child to an illegal or a sympathetic woman who's married to or with an illegal, and Tom Holman is saying, the illegal's going.


And if you don't wanna separate the families, you have the choice of going with them. And then the media will look at the rest of us who are favor deportations and say, it's your fault. As opposed to the decision of this illegal who decided to bring a child here or send a child here, notwithstanding the fact that they're, they have no right to be here. I really recommend people watch that whole interview. It's an incredible hour and 15 minutes, not least because of the way it was misrepresented by the headlines in the liberal press. But I, I think when Trump, You know, writes his memoirs and looks back on his life, this will be like the sweetest time he's in his magnanimous era. He has been so thoroughly vindicated on so many fronts and in has brought out this unbelievably confident magnanimous side of his personality.


You know, even when he's criticizing the journalist, he doesn't call her nasty in this interview. He just says to her, You know, you have so much potential, which I thought was really funny. That was like the most ad him, he would go, he's in a really wonderful place right now. And You know, the three to me, the three headlines would've been if, if I was sort of covering this honestly, would've been the last question she asked him is, what is your message to Americans who did not vote for you and did not support you? And his answer, Megan, was, I love you. He said that he was invested in protecting the dreamers, especially the ones who are older and middle aged and contributing a lot and have good jobs. And he said that he was not interested in any kind of retribution.


He said, again, our success will be our retribution. He said, he's not going to get involved in Pam Bondy's work or in Cash Patel's work. He's going to let them do their jobs. I mean these were real headlines that of course nobody pointed out as as to immigration. I think you're totally right. You know, the, the Holman is so the perfect man for this job Because he could care less what anybody thinks about him. He is an unbelievable patriot and feels that it is his job to protect the American people. And honestly, Meghan Trump is very sensitive to the headlines. He's thinking ahead about how to sort of preempt them, how to protect himself from those accusations from the unfair media. But I gotta say he was given a mandate by the American people to do exactly this.


And the media has lost all credibility because in opposing him in the most dishonest and vitriolic way, it was revealed on November 5th that they were opposing the American people. Their hatred for Donald Trump was revealed for what it is, which is hatred for the American people. And so when the media stands up and says, look at this racism, look at this cruelty. How dare they try to deport these lovely families? The American people are gonna say, Hey, that's me. You're calling racist. I voted for this. And so I think we're gonna see a really different relationship between the administration and the media. And if we don't, it is the media who's gonna suffer, not the administration.


Moreover, tell it to the American families right now that are dealing with schools that are overrun by children from these foreign countries who are not here lawfully. And now in places like New York, you have have, have to have a translator speak in the native tongue of all the children who are represented. So no matter where they're from, they can't even find enough translators. Nevermind ask them whether they have teaching capacities. It's absolutely unworkable. So I think a lot, lot of previously sympathetic Americans have had it voted for Trump to get rid of. Yes. Even the children, I'm sorry, but they have to go if they, if you wanna go back home and apply for asylum or try to get in legally like so many millions have done before you, you should do that.


But you have no right to break our laws to enter the country unlawfully and then just play your sad violin and tell us we should allow you to stay here. There are procedures for that. You flouted them. Hold on, here's a little reaction. After Trump appeared and saw 28, You know, I was struck by how succinctly the president-elect summed up his mandate. I think one of the things that was most fascinating is he didn't seem very combative in this interview, right? But he didn't want to fight with you. And I thought he looked very relaxed and confident. Listen, Yes, the tone was different, but it doesn't mean it's a difference in his priorities. So what struck me is more tone. Not a difference in what he intends to do or what he wants the people he's nominating to do.


Jen Psaki with the still Hitler. Still Hitler. Notwithstanding the new tone. Here's the last one I wanna play for you. Budget. And that is the discussion about whether he's gonna go after his enemies in particular potentially with Cash Patel, if he gets confirmed as head of the FBI Sat six. He has a list in his book of 60 people that he calls members of the so-called Deep State. Do you want Cash Patel to launch investigations into people on that list? No. I mean he's gonna do what he thinks is right, tell, do you think that's right? I'll tell you. Do you think that's right sir? If they think that somebody was dishonest or crooked or corrupt politician, I think he probably has an obligation to do it That are you gonna go after Joe Biden?


I'm really looking to make our country successful. I'm not looking to go back into the past. I'm looking to make our country successful. Retribution will be through success. Pretty remarkable in terms of tone. Yes. But also Jen Psaki, the actual messaging retribution will be our success. Do you think that the media will accept it? And do you believe it? Because he didn't rule out entirely Kash Patel going after his political enemies. He just said if somebody's corrupt or crooked, he'd have an obligation to do it. But I believe retribution is achieved through success. Well, he didn't go after Hillary Clinton the first time around, right?


We have a record. That's what's so insane about all the accusations against him. We were all there. It was four years ago. Like they act like this. That never happened. It's so ridiculous. I honestly think Donald Trump only cares about two things. He cares about no more wars, he hates war 'cause he thinks it's wasteful. And he wants an incredible economy that will lift up the working class, hardworking people who work and work and work and can't get ahead. He really, those are his priorities. That's what he cares about. He really wants the people in his cabinet to do what they view as the mandate given by the American people so that he can focus on those things. The idea that he's on some sort of revenge tour is so, so ridiculous.


And You know what Meghan? It's just a pure projection. Every accusation from the Democrats is a confession. They spent four years waging revenge against Donald Trump for beating Hillary Clinton. They tried to put this man in prison for the crime of trying to elevate the American working class. It is they who are hell bent on revenge. It is they who have politicized the justice Department. It is they who think that they're above the law. I don't know if you saw this, but Biden apparently is planning mass preemptive pardons meaning for people who have not even been yet accused of anything, suggesting that if you are elite enough in the Democratic party, you cannot even be accused of a crime or indicted for a crime or investigated for a crime if you are close enough to the Biden family.


I mean, it just, it is. So this from the so-called defenders of democracy. So I think that this is all just pure projection and I really believe that Trump has no reason not to be this magnanimous version of himself going forward given the support and the mandate that the American people have given him. He truly is a leader. He is a reflection of what Americans want. And he was that before they knew that in 2016 when we were a little bit more divided around these issues. So I think it's gonna be a great four years. It's so crazy with the, You know, the Democrats are the ones who started the law fair. They're the first ones to cross that Rubicon. They did it and now they're acting like, oh, he's gonna target, You know, we've gotta preemptively Pardon people like Adam Schiff and Adam Kinzinger.


I don't know who else is on their imaginary list. We're I, I'm sure we're gonna find out as though Trump has done this before they did this. You know, my husband Doug, we, he used to watch our little dogs when we'd take 'em to the park and like the male dog Bailey, he would pee on like a fire hydrant and then another male dog would come and pee on it and then Bailey would pee on it. And then the other, and, and Doug would say it's like a nuclear arms race. You know, like just everybody keeps trying to escalate. And that's the Democrats, You know, it's like everybody's peed on the fire hydrant. That was the thing. But then they went and they peed on like the leg of an actual human and, and then, and and, and now they're worried that like our side is gonna do that. It's like, You know, you guys are the only ones who did that.


You don't have to create some new rule saying no one can pee on the humans. Like you are the only ones who ever did it. It's such a good point. It's just have to keep in mind every accusation is a confession of either something that they did or they wish they could do or wish they had done and they just projected onto Republicans and onto conservatives who are just trying to mind their business and lead their best lives. Yes. I just wanna make one point on Trump on what he really wants is, is no new wars and things are very dire right now in Syria where Bashar al-Assad, while an absolutely terrible man has been deposed by a group that seems also absolutely terrible and has a history of per persecuting Christians and is linked to Al-Qaeda.


I mean it's, this is not a good group. And now they're saying things like over reformed. Okay, sure. So yet, yet again another very dangerous situation unfolding in the Middle East and Bashar all Assad has left Syria and is exiled now in Russia. And we don't know where this is going, but Trump tweeted and truth doubt the following message on 12 seven opposition fighters in Syria in an unprecedented move have totally taken over numerous cities in a highly coordinated offensive and are now on the outskirts of Damascus. This is right before they actually got in. And, and he fled, obviously preparing to make a very big move toward taking out Assad, which now they've done Russia because they're so tied up in Ukraine.


And with the loss there of over 600,000 soldiers seems incapable of stopping the literal march through Syria, a country they have protected for years. This is where former President Obama refused to honor his commitment of protecting the red line in the sand and all hell broke out with Russia stepping in. But now they are like possibly Assad himself being forced out and it may actually be the best thing that can happen to them. There was never much of a benefit in Syria for Russia other than to make Obama look really stupid. In any event, Syria is a mess, but it is not our friend and the US should have nothing to do with it. This is not our fight. Let it play out.


Do not get involved. I mean I think it's a very strong important message right now. As You know, the never ending war machine, I'm sure is eyeing this as yet another opportunity for the United States to swoop in. It's amazing you're seeing people literally out there praising this leader of the rebels who is linked to Al-Qaeda. Like it's just so crazy when they get some idea in their head that someone is linked to Russia because they blame Russia for Trump winning the first time. Therefore, anybody on the other side of that person must be our friend, including Al-Qaeda itself. It's totally insane. First of all, can you even imagine Kamala Harris tweeting something that coherent and smart and on the money?


Good point. And obviously like in his own voice, right? But, but, but reflect, oh No, a really Well thought out This just in Kamala Harris with a message to Bashar Alad. Don't she ever let someone take your power away from you? Never. Never ever. Don't she let them. Sorry, keep going. I love it. I love it. No, I mean it's just that the, the, the thought that he has clearly put into these issues, You know, he doesn't express it like a person with a PhD. He expresses it the way an average American would express to you. Like, this guy's bad, this guy looks bad too, not my business. And the other thing I would say about this is just the perfect person to have in your cabinet to deal with this is Tulsi Gabbard.


Because as a congresswoman recall, she was very aggressive in criticizing the Obama administration over exactly this issue of building up our own enemies and adversaries, people who were terrorists or linked to terrorists in an effort to fight against somebody who was not our enemy. I mean not our friend, but certainly not our enemy. And Tulsi Gabbard had the most amazing quote, Megan, she said, when it comes to terrorists, I am a hawk when it comes to counterproductive wars of regime change, I am a dove. That is America first foreign policy.


And that is what you can already see. Trump not only building his cabinet around, but he's basically already acting like the president of the United States and already moving our foreign policy in that direction, that America first direction. Right on. And by the way, in another piece of good news, let's hope he's right, but Tom Cotton, Senator Tom Cotton, the great senator Tom Cotton tweeted out today a prediction that all of Trump's nominees will be confirmed. Oh, oh, oh. What does he know? Batya, what a pleasure. What a day. Thanks so much for being here. Oh My gosh. God bless you Megan, thank you so much for having me. Ah, the pleasure was all mine. Okay, up next we've got Amala, Enobi and Link Lauren, they are here.


There's a lot to go over.


Are you ready to challenge yourself and dive deeper into the ideas that Shape America? Prager U is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos that reach millions of young people every single day. Prager use five minute videos, they deliver the best ideas from the best presenters. In five focused minutes, five minute video hosts include Ben Shapiro, Dave Rubin, Vivek Ramas, Swami, VDH and more. Right now, Prager you is offering you a chance to expand your knowledge on a range of topics through their exclusive five minute video challenges. Learn everything you ever wanted to know about Poli sci economics, the Constitution, American Wars, and the founding fathers. When you sign up for a PR you challenge, which is 100% free, you receive a different top rated, five minute video every day. You'll receive a special edition ebook for each challenge exclusively from PragerU. Join the millions of others who are already benefiting from these powerful bite sized lessons. Go to PragerU dot com slash challenges and sign up for free today.


Looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an amazing gift, beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there, they won't be expecting it. It's tasty, handcrafted, and totally unique. Perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. This is not your typical salt either. Each stainless steel push grinder is packaged with amazing flavor packed. It's available in heat levels from mild. That's me to Wow. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But there's one thing, Firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time. Especially during the holidays, there's always a chance they might run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift. But don't wait too long or you might miss out. Firecracker Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful and unforgettable. Get yours. Today at Firecracker Farm


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Me Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer details apply.


Join me now. Amala Ekpunobi, host of the Amala Enobi podcast and Link Lauren Influencer and former senior advisor to RFK Junior Amala Link. Welcome back to the show. So the big news today is that they've got a suspect in custody, in connection with the murder, the assassination of United Healthcare CEO, Brian Thompson. And here's more about this guy via the New York Post. The person of interest identified in the killing is an anti-capitalist former Ivy League student who liked online quotes from Unabomber. Ted Kaczinski raging against the country's medical community were shocked, shocked tech whiz his name here, Luigi Mangione, 26 of thousand Maryland was taken into custody Monday morning at McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania after an intense manhunt following the execution.


He has not been charged. The former prep school valedictorian was caught with a manifesto that appeared to list grievances with the healthcare industry, including taking on their enormous profits and allegedly shady motives according to sources. Again, still here, quoting from the New York Post man Gioni has subscribed to anti-capitalist and climate change causes. In addition to showing he despises the healthcare industry in this country according to law enforcement whose site online activity gleaned by the authorities on the Good Reads website, Mancini's account shows quotes he particularly likes ranging from Socrates to Bruce Lee to wacky anti-establishment Ted Kaczinski, the in infamous uni bomber who terrorized the country for nearly two decades by planning deadly bombs before he was nabbed in 1996, Mancini was valedictorian of the 2016 high school graduating class at the Gilman School in Baltimore where he played soccer according to online sites, high school tuition at the All Boys school is nearly $40,000 a year.


He said at the time of graduation he planned to seek a degree in artificial intelligence focused on the areas of computer science and cognitive science at UPenn. Again, that's an Ivy League school according to an interview with the Baltimore fishbowl. And there are some pictures now circulating of him online of the Luigi Mangione person who looks identical to the person that we saw in the, I mean identical to the person we saw in those pictures. And indeed the reports are that when they captured this person in the McDonald's, who they do say is Luigi Mangione, he had a manifesto on him explaining why he shot Brian Thompson. So it appears they have their man. Sometimes these things go haywire and we have to take that back.


So I'll put an asterisk on it for the audience, but I'll start with you on a link. What do you make of those new details about this alleged shooter? Well first off, it's great to be back with you Megan. Thanks for having me. I tried to get some sun yesterday 'cause I knew if I came on here looking like Margaret Brennan, you would rip me to shreds. As for, I'm not saying she's a vampire, That's all I'm Asking for know, I'm not saying she's a vampire, but garlic does repel her. As for the man who was found at McDonald's, does anybody remember a few years ago? I know I did 'cause it was one block from my apartment, they found the subway shooter outta McDonald's in the East Village. So what is with these shooters going and hiding out at McDonald's also, I have to say this, the man had the mask on and the hood and all you could see was his eyes.


Michael Jackson tried this for 20 years. He wore the mask, he put the little kids in the mask blanket and bubba do in Prince in Paris wear the mask. Everybody knew it was Michael Jackson. Okay. So wearing the mask bad was probably bad. Yeah, wearing the mask was probably much more a signifier. I also saw the courtroom sketch from the Daniel Penny trial and there was someone with a mask on inside, I thought, is that the healthcare CEO shooter on the, You know, on the jury. So I am glad that they have found this person. I hope it is actually this person. And it's interesting he has such formal education. That's what really stuck out to me from this new information. I mean, but it's interesting. You're being kind. But amla, the truth is, is it really that surprising that he went to an Ivy league school, that he was valedictorian, right?


He probably got sucked into these far left ways of thinking. The big climate change. Look, I'm not saying that happens to everybody, but in this day and age it's actually not a surprise at all. Yeah, 100%. And it's really interesting. I know we all have qualms with the healthcare system and if you've been through it or you have a family member who's, who's been in peril when it comes to their health, I'm sure we all have grievances. But to take out your grievances in this way and to assassinate somebody just on the street is such an interesting way to go about things. And we're seeing this man be celebrated. And I can only imagine he's going to be a hero of sorts to certain groups of people. But I can't stress enough, this is not the way to go about your, your grievances. And interestingly with his, You know, intelligence and his education and what NY, the NYPD described as a a highly complex assassination attempt, you get caught in a McDonald's, my goodness.


I mean he went through creating a ghost gun. He had multiple fake ideas. When the YPD went over the security footage to see where this guy tracked, apparently he had everything planned on how to get outta the city and how to get to Pennsylvania. And then you get caught by an elderly citizen in a McDonald's. It's just tragic, It's really crazy. I'm looking at now what we believe is his ex feed and he's tweeting out like the Andrew Huberman podcasts, Peter Thiel on the many great startups being run by people suffering from a mild form of Asperger's and how we should view this as an indictment of our society. I have no idea whether that applies to him a lot on AI and that this obviously was an area in which he was very interested.


Caffeine is really the only drug that has achieved this level of social acceptance. Talking about first coffee in my morning. I dunno, like the very quirky, interesting man. And then the top tweet that he's pinned is seven years ago. This is on December of 22. I gave my high school senior speech on this topic. Today I'll be talking to you about the future about topics ranging from conscious AI to human immortality. Likely you will dismiss all of this pretty quickly is interesting. But just science fiction. And I think he probably went on to argue it's not, You know, it's pretty crazy because You know that everybody who went to Gilman Private High School right now, it's an all boys school link is freaking out that the valedictorian of their 2016 class is now in custody as a person of interest in this murder that I think virtually every American has been made aware of and has significant advantages in his background.


$40,000 a year. Number one in the class off to UPenn Ivy League. Like if you're gonna write down the resume of somebody forget, You know, radicalization, yes. That's one thing that that would be the exact path you take, right? But then to become murderous, right? To become murderous, I don't know, he's of the age 26, a lot of these guys have a psychotic break. This guy doesn't seem psychotic. He seems extremely well planned out. You know, I also graduated from an all boys private school in 2016. So I just found this out. Oh You know, not this one. Not this one. So I actually, You know, I just hope justice is served like with the Daniel Penny trial. It's always a nail biter if these things are actually gonna come through and come to fruition.


I've also been incredibly dismayed and disgusted by the people online who are laughing at this, cheering this on. You know, Taylor Lorenz profiled me back in April when I was working on the Kennedy campaign. So I had my own sort of interesting and counter with her. I said, You know, I'm not sure I'm interested in being profiled. And she said, well we're gonna write about you anyway whether you talk to us or not. So seeing her now come out and support this shooter is not necessarily shocking to me. But if I were that guy, I probably would've gotten out of the country. I wouldn't be hanging out at a McDonald's in Pennsylvania. But as someone who went to a conservative all boys private school in Texas and then went to NYUA very liberal woke school, you have to fight the indoctrination happening in these classrooms because we had professors, adjunct professors, TAs who basically teach you that you're an oppressor, you're a colonizer, everything that's good is actually bad.


You really have to fight the indoctrination in the schools. So it'll be interesting to see if this is the guy and if justice can be served. Oh my God, there, I mean colleges in general right now, Amala are, are trying to radicalize all of their students. There are a few exceptions, but the list is short. I mean, I could list it in with my 10 fingers and then we'd be done. The vast majority are woke indoctrination factories still. My friend is going through the application process with her son and it was Wake Forest, which is in North Carolina, which is supposed to be like a normal place. And it was something like, would you like to spend a few lines telling us about your thoughts on gender identity?


I was like, I will give him $10,000 if he will just write, there are only two biological sexes. Gender is a lie. Right? Yeah. Sometimes these are the things you have to do. And I, I see a lot of students who are in university and they're struggling. They're saying, You know, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to say. For these to save to these questions, they're trying, You know, desperately to hold onto their values in a society that is constantly running dissident to them. And I imagine, I mean we, we've all seen it. These universities are, are radicalizing people at an extreme rate and they're really bringing these young people problems in the world that are not running in tandem with reality. And when you have an ideology that is not working in tandem with reality, what's real and what's natural starts to feel really oppressive.


And on the other end of that, they're being told to protest and and lash out. And we're seeing these protests very quickly turn to violence and to riots as in 2020 with the BLM riots that we all suffered through for what, six months. So I don't know what this guy's political affiliations are, but it does seem like we are trending towards these very radical ideas when it comes to solving our problems or airing out our grievances in the public space. And, and this is a prime example of that. Okay? So to follow up on that, it's of course well beyond the university. It's in our government right now. Which is one of the reasons why Trump won. I mean it's all over our government. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris let it infect every single government agency we have right down to the Defense Department, which is one of the reasons why Pete Hegseth remains so popular notwithstanding the media assault on him with these allegations because he's promising to deify the military.


But today, you may or may not know as celebrated by our HHS is Pansexual and Panromantic Pride Day. Now of course I had to look up what the hell that is. What is pansexual? And it's I guess someone who's attracted to anyone irrespective of gender. And then I had to Google what is the difference between pansexual and bi. Like, it's like, if you're right, I'm like, Why am I spending time on this bullshit? And this is what the AI Google overview said, pansexual means being attracted to people regardless of gender.


Bisexual means being attracted to more than one specific gender. Implying that gender might still play a role in attraction. What in the actual f And How is our government tweeting out that today we have to celebrate the pansexuals and the equally ambiguous pan romantics, right? Like, Oh goodness, with everything going on in the world, this is their priority. But look at Rachel Levine. Look at Sam Brenton, the luggage thief also Matt Damon's doppelganger. These are the people who have been in the government around, he is Matt Damon's doppelganger, let's just call it what it is. That's true. But these are the people in the government and this is where their priorities lie.


And this is why Trump won in a historic landslide, popular vote, electoral college house cynic. 'cause he said, enough is enough with the woke nonsense except for Caitlyn Jenner. We love Caitlyn, she's maga, but everybody else, we're tired of the woke BS, we are tired. It's hard to get a size 14 heel. Shout out to Caitlin. But we are tired of the woke nonsense in the government. And also my audience. The majority of my audience, 80% is female. Many of them are moms. The only people who come up to me are these hot, amazing moms. And I talk with them all the time. I say, You know, I just graduated from college. If you have a kid who's going off to college, maybe look into a trade school, maybe do a little more research.


'cause you're gonna go rack up thousands, maybe six figures in debt, and then you're just gonna be indoctrinated. You're gonna have this debt, you're not gonna have a job. So I see this trend where a lot of people are saying, You know what, I don't wanna go to one of these woke schools. I'm gonna go join the workforce, learn a trade. Because in the future we're not gonna need, You know, queer theater majors like my friends did at N NYU U. We're going to need plumbers, people who can put together chairs, deaths. What does the queer theater major do for us? I mean, I guess they go on Broadway, which is fine. Yes, exactly. Broadway. Steadily making itself less and less relatable. And it's like we have Latinx literature majors. I'm sorry, don't act shocked. You can't find a job when you majored in Latinx queer literature. You know what I'm saying?


So I think we're gonna see just a reversal on this. And I think I'm very excited for January 20th to come Again. It, it's latis, but it's fine. It's, there's, there's a big debate about which way I guess you can go, you can go either way. Oh, so to speak, just like a pan romantic, but bum. Well, back In my day, let's talk about being gay was enough. It's like I, when I came out being gay was shocking and it was enough. Now you've gotta be pan poly, trans, non everything. I'm like, you're A boy now, right? I'm normy, I'm boring. Yeah, No, but they totally would've tried to trans you link back in the day. They would've said, you're not allowed to be a homosexual boy. Absolutely. You can't be a gay boy.


There's you gotta be a girl. We gotta grow out link's hair, I mean sick like the dress. That's why so many gay men are fighting back against this. Right? Because it's like a little conversion factory. What they're doing this trans land. It's very, very wrong. Alright, let's talk about some hard news as we await more information. All I wanna see is a picture of the elderly patron at McDonald's who I deed this guy that my day and week will not be complete until I get to celebrate this hero. I cannot wait to find out more about this person. And by the way, if I find out elderly means 54 years old, I'm going to be angry. It's gonna very angry. Okay.


Oh, we, we, we did this for you. Take a look at this link. Oh wow. I rest my case. I speak nothing but the truth. People, you might not like it, but it's the truth. It's Sam Britton next to Matt David. Literally there is an eerie resemblance. It's There. It's have, have we seen them in the same room? Have we seen them in the same room? Same with, same with, what's the guy's name who ran for president? We've got Eugene Levy and the other guy from North Dakota. What's his name? Doug or Doug Bergham, whoever For president. Yeah. Doug Berg. We've never seen them north. Same room either. Yes. Very strong unibrow. That's, that's the common trait. Okay. We were talking in the first hour about Trump and his interview on Meet the Press, which was actually very interesting, but also interesting was his trip over to France.


He attended the reopening of the Notre Dame Cathedral, which we were all thrilled to see happen. One of the world's treasures and a, a very interesting moment where he sat one away from Jill Biden and the person in between them got up. And so it was just those two for a moment. And they were super friendly with here's the full screen of it, picture they were smiling and so many people had a million captions for this. I'll stay on you for this one link. How would you caption that one with Jill and Trump smiling at each other? The only times we've seen Jill Biden smile recently are when she's with Donald Trump. She is smiling ear to ear in the picture.


When he came to the White House recently, she's having the time of her life hanging out with him in Paris. Donald Trump. We don't need another season of Emily in Paris. We need Donald Trump in Paris. He was over there having a great time. He was holding court. I was shocked he didn't come home wearing a beret, smoking one of those long, obnoxious cigarettes. So Donald Trump was having a great time in Paris. Joe Biden, she looks so happy. She looks like she just got a Pardon. And if Biden can Pardon in the Turkey and Hunter might as well give her one too. Yeah, she may wind up getting one. I'm not gonna be a lot of bidens who still get pardoned, but it was very interesting Amala to see, You know, the two of them over there chummy. It was to the point where it became such a meme that Trump to put, put out this full screen, this sort of like graphic ad showing Jill and Trump together.


Was it Trump who put this? Yeah, it was for Trump who put this out and it reads, yes, a fragrance your enemies can't resist. And it says fight, fight, fight. And it actually is a Trump fragrance that he's trying to mark right Now. You make it, There's about is there a Yeah, are they, are they actually friendly? Did they both vote for the same person? You know what they, they just might, we all saw Jill Biden on election day where she was strutting around in that bright red suit of hers and she was smiling ear to ear. And she has been virtually ever since. Maybe it just felt good to be sitting next to a, a lucid president with Donald Trump. But you can watch with everybody in the room, every single eye is on him.


They cannot look away from him. So I was thinking he might, he just very well might have that fragrance on because people were gravitating towards this man. And we've watched over the past, what, I don't know, eight years as these individuals have attacked him, they've cast him aside. They've, they've laughed at him in this sort of move of political theater that we saw in reference to the Trump administration and to the Trump campaign in this last election. But now that he's won, they are just gravitating towards him. He's like a magnet Here. We saw in that video that he was shaking hands with the Italian Prime Minister and we saw Prince William standing there shaking his hand and Trump after the fact, like said something, is this, we don't have this on tape, right?


Do we have that on tape? Oh, it's, it's via the New York post was commenting on how attractive Prince William is saying, You know, he's such a good looking guy and was saying even more handsome in person saying yes. He goes, he's a good looking guy. He looks really very handsome last night. Some people look better in person. He looked great, he looked really nice. And I told him that, which is like the highest form of currency with Trump. Well, one thing about Trump is he loves central casting. We're about to have the hottest cabinet in American history. Okay, if you're hot, you're blonde, you're ripped, then you're probably gonna be in the cabinet with Donald Trump.


You know what I'm saying? We've got Pete Hegseth and everybody's all shocked about Pete Hegseth. I'm like, you think men with cheekbones and jaws like that have been perfectly good boys their whole lives? No, it's central casting. And as for Prince William, I think Prince William is thinking, I've lost my hair up top, so I'm gonna do the scruff to sort of balance it out. But when I saw Trump with Prince William, the body language was great. This is what we need with international relations. Prince William, unfortunately King Charles is sick. He will likely be king very soon. And I couldn't help but think about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wa waltzing around their Mick mansion in Montecito complaining about how famous they are. I really think those two little hucksters thought they were gonna be in like Flint if Kamala Harris won, because they're best friends with Oprah Winfrey.


She was, You know, out there campaigning for Kamala. Now they're gonna have to sit there irrelevant as ever. I know all she has left is her little jars of jam amala. She's do, she's not going to be the first lady of Montecito. She's not gonna be anything other than a jam proprietor, which is fine, it's fine. It's just wasn't her lifetime goals. She's out there with Tyler Perry and Oprah instead of welcoming the incoming president as she of the United States as she might have if she had just, oh, done the terrible work of sticking with the royal family. Oh yeah. It's so hard to be around those racists who are concerned about her skin color.


And I'm sorry, did any of us think that Meghan Markle was really that black? Are we looking at the same individual? I I, I just really don't believe the narrative that she spun about this family. And it's so interesting that everywhere she goes, this sort of victimhood mentality follows her. And she claims she had no idea what she was getting into when, when meeting Prince Harry and could not even imagine what her life was going to be like on the other end of it, I'm thinking, okay, we know you were husband hunting and we know you had a scope on the rifle, right? You knew exactly what you were dealing with when you got in, in bed with that man. And now we're gonna see, because with this move towards conservatism that's coming with Trump, I think we're gonna see this in in Europe as well. And with Macron being there, France has been struggling in his sense with an uptick in, in right-leaning views.


And I think all of them are going to be dealing with that under this Trump administration. It's so true. Like Trump has provided everyone with a roadmap of how to do it. If even Trump could get reelected after J six, after all the fascism claims and the Hitler claims, and the American people spoke overwhelmingly saying, we don't care. We want a different way of living. We wanna go back to basics here in America. We need a factory reset on this nonsense. Then it, it, there's a, there's a roadmap for other world leaders to say, I see what people want. We've been led astray going in the wrong direction. I wanna show you this too. Trump shook hands with Zelensky at the LSE palace who, who was, they were there with Emmanuel Macron on Saturday and it was an interesting handshake.


You know, Trump is famous or infamous for his handshakes, the power handshakes where he pulls you in, he loves to pull you in. He's holding him and holding him. Okay, so there we go. He held him and now here's Macron next to him, the three of them. And here we go. This is, this is back example where he pulls in Macron. So like there he goes and then it turns into like look holding. He doesn't let go of him. Look at him, he won't let go. This is what he met with Macron. What is it with Trump and the handshake? What's happening? Look. Yeah, look, look, look. There he goes again. Elbow up. There we go. Now elbow up above mc, above Macron. It's like clearly a sign of dominance.


Love to get a body language on. Yes, expert, but what do you guys make of the handshake? Well, as someone who is a body language expert, I will tell you this is just a man with bravado. Machismo. This is a guy who is totally in control. Trump has climbed the highest mountain twice. And I said recently, everybody around the world, all these world leaders, they either fear or revere Donald Trump. And those are two really great places to be in because we're so used to Joe Biden shuffling in, they put him on the back of these photos now at the summit. Nobody respects him. Donald Trump is coming in and everybody's attention has been heightened. So I was really happy to see this. As for Zelensky, could the man not put a suit on?


If I was going to meet my sugar daddy, the man who's been funding my country with hundreds of billions of dollars, I would've put a suit on. You know? So I don't understand what zelensky, maybe he can't throw on a suit and tie, but Trump was definitely asserting his dominance. I do wanna tell you something funny about the handshake. My husband Doug asked one of our friends who's CIA about the Trump handshake and he showed us a way that like a man, I mean he doesn't do this to women, but that a man can like stop the crushing grip and then pulling you in. It's like a maneuver that the ca guys know, or like you can, you can trump the dominant pull in. And we were like, oh, that's good, that's good. You know, we'll have to remember that.


Not me, but Doug. And then we talked to Jack Carr, famous author and Navy Seal and he said, oh no, that can easily be counteracted and showed us a double secret, triple secret move to counter the CIA move. So now, I mean poor Doug has got a lot to remember. If he ever shakes hands with anybody who's special forces or in deal government men deal with, When I meet Doug, I'm just gonna go for a normal handshake. Okay? Yeah, right. He, he won't unleash his newfound special skills on, on you unless you're trying to dominate. Yeah, he's coming on soon. Maybe we'll ask him to, to demonstrate some of these honestly. Please. Okay. Also wanted to give you this new update from the New York Times on this person of interest, Luigi Mangione, who's been captured in this Altoona, Pennsylvania McDonald's.


It's back now. First they said it was a McDonald's worker who IDed him. Then they changed it to elderly patron at the restaurant and now they're back to, it was a worker. I'm actually really into this drama. I wanna know exactly who it was. Here's what the New York Times is reporting. Joseph Kenny, the chief of detectives, describes Mangione as born and raised in Maryland with ties to San Francisco. Says he lived in Honolulu until recently, no known criminal record in New York. Luigi Mangione was eating at the McDonald's when an employee recognized him. So that's interesting. Maybe he was actually not only getting his food but had sat down if he was actually eating, or maybe they just used that term colloquially, meaning he was getting his food to eat. For now he faces gun charges in Altoona and the authorities will work on getting him to New York.


Chief Kenny says men Gioni was in possession of a ghost gun and a silencer. Again, we heard that earlier. So that's not good news for Mangione if he had the gun on him. Joseph Kenny, the chief of Dete, detective says the police in Altoona have the document that was found on Luigi Mangione. That there is no sense anyone else was in danger. Quote, it does seem he has some ill will toward corporate America. According to his LinkedIn, the suspect in this shooting volunteered for an assisted living healthcare facility, which was founded by someone with his same last name. That's interesting. Getting, that's per libs of TikTok getting more and more interesting.


But it does appear he was continues Libs of TikTok, very familiar with the healthcare industry. Mm. Wow. You know, Bachi made a good point in the first hour, you guys, that as we Learn more about his particular grievances, we're all gonna be faced with a tough decision on whether we actually discuss them, right? If he's not some psychotic, crazy, crazy guy who's just making random ramblings, You know, I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think we do. This is obviously not a well person and that's exactly what he wants us to do, You know, and as I said, dece maybe down the line, You know, we're always talking about healthcare in America and how it can improve, especially with the new president coming in.


But I don't know, what do you think about it, Amala? Do we, do we we delve into, yes, what drove this man? I guess it's just really just gonna depend on what he has to say. You know, they said he's inspired by, by Ted Kozinski in some of these reports. And if you go and read through some of the manifesto of the Unabomber, you're hearing things and going, okay, this guy was onto something in a certain respect and is clearly very intelligent, but then goes on to do something so radical that it almost crosses out everything that you've thought about in the past. Now I do believe a a a consistent and reasonable grievance exists on its own. And these are things that we're already trying to tackle within our healthcare system. So I don't know that we go through everything he has to say with a, a fine tooth comb and and really attribute our, our investigation of these problems to him.


I imagine there are people working on these things as we speak, but this is where, what happens when you, you have these radical actions on the other end of your grievances. It does sort of make everything you've said before, no matter how reasonable, look a little crazy. This is what we see with these climate change activists. I, I know that you seem to have some, some grievances about how we're treating our planet and, and the fossil fuels and the littering, but you just super glued your hand to a Starbucks counter. So I'm not sure, sure. I wanna hear you out on the things you're complaining about. Right? You just tried to throw paint on a Monet in the Louvre, so, right. Yeah. No. Right. I don't think we should be listening to anything this guy says whatsoever link.


I don't think we should be debating it. I think you air enough of it just so people understand motivation and that's it. Because why, why would we care? Do we really wanna go into the Trump assassin's hatred of Donald Trump and what drove him to, actually you would do it just to understand the motivation, but then you would not have a serious debate about whether Donald Trump was bad in the way the shooter said he was bad. And this is no different. Absolutely. And sometimes these people just want attention. They wanna be celebrities, especially with social media now. And unfortunately we turn them into folk heroes on the internet sometimes in the far left woke corners of the internet. So I would not be giving this guy that much airtime.


I wouldn't be showing his picture saying his name. Same with Thomas Crooks, who shot at Donald Trump on July 13th in Butler. You know, these people, their pictures get plastered and then they find celebrity on the internet. But the ins do not always justify the means maybe 'cause I grew up in church, two evils do not make a right. So shooting the CEO who has kids, and I don't know what his relationship was with the ex-wife. It seems like they were friendly. They were amicable, amicable. But someone who is a father who has friends and family shooting him is not going to fix the healthcare system. And I'm very familiar with all the issues in our healthcare system because that was the main focus of the Kennedy campaign. We need a much more comprehensive look at chronic disease and our healthcare system, which is deeply broken, but shooting people on the street in New York is not the way to get the change you want.


That's exactly right. And by the way, UnitedHealthcare and the other healthcare, insurance companies, while they, they leave a lot to be, be desired in terms of overall approach. They've saved a lot of lives too. I mean, they act, they've covered a lot of procedures and preliminary testing and so on that you might not otherwise have had, had covered in another country or under, You know, with no insurance whatsoever. So I, I don't understand like that, that they're getting painted as these uniformly terrible organizations. Like they're not perfect, but they're really important in, in, You know, what happens here in America, the number of our UNA bomber episode, which honestly is one of the most memorable we ever did. Like I, we had the FBI guy on who tracked him down and caught him who went into the cabin.


It was episode 2 2 7. It's only like an hour long. Well worth your time if you wanna hear some of what apparently this Luigi character felt very interested in and potentially motivated by episode 2, 2, 7. If you wanna listen to that on some driver on your weekend commute. Alright, I have got to talk about, I know I could do KJP, but I don't wanna do that. I want to talk to you about Rosie O'Donnell because there is a headline in the news today and this is what it is. I made the headline and I, I made it for a reason. Donald Trump gave Rosie O'Donnell herpes. He gave Rosie O'Donnell, I have no Word Herpes. That is what she says.


And he didn't give it to her in the normal way that I think most people get herpes. He gave it to her by the stress, the stress of being elected. This is what she's claiming. Alright, I'm gonna walk you through the different iterations of Rosie's disgusting problems just to name a few. And by the way, speaking of a little bronzer link, here's her, here's her first video. Satten. Well hey everybody, it's Friday old day, as my nana would say, oh my God. And look what I have on my lip. Everybody's been saying You have herpes, you have herpes all this time.


And I never had a cold sore in my life and now I have a cold sore. And it makes me think that perhaps this weird pimple that had a tiny little head was a cold sore too. And so I talked to my doctor today and I did a video telehealth and they said that it's not a cold sore, it's some reaction to the sun. So I don't know, I will let You know tomorrow if I do in fact have herpes as some of the taunting from the MAGA people in the last couple of couple of weeks. Hasn't it been fun, ladies and gentlemen, to be standing in direct opposition to everything he is and represents and always have been and always will be.


I totally so strange. Begin. Okay, this is, that's the first chapter of our saga. It was filed on Friday, this past Friday. So buckle in because You know the MAGA people caused her to have herpes as she's oppositional to Donald Trump and that. And so she suspected or was it just from the sun? We got the update on Sunday and this just in, Yep, everybody. It's a cold soar. There you have it. Stress can do horrible things. Strange thing about my cold soar doesn't hurt. I'm not sure why I get a non hurting cold soar. Cold soar. I almost said coleslaw, which would be weird As she is.


I mean who goes on close up an Instagram and posts video of their cold sore, which is the herpes virus at issue. And just for good measure, she did talk about the one reason she stressed outside of Trump and Maga. It might be the UFOs. Why you stressed a lot of reasons. I was on a flight today and I asked the flight attendant, had she seen any UFOs in the sky? 'cause she flies all the time. She's like, what do you mean UFOs? I'm like, you didn't hear about the UFOs all over the world. And a tremendous amount in New Jersey and over our nuclear power plants, UFOs people.


That's what it is, UFOs. But nobody seems to care. See them and keep posting. Everyone keep posting until they take away our TikTok in the mid middle of January because it's really the fourth estate, right? It's really the free press in America. This is why I get cold soars. Ladies and gentlemen, hold please. Or at least one, I'd love to say I got it from making out with some really sexy people, but it's not the case. I'm gonna put on my bria on my cold Soar. There it is. Ew. Shine bright like a cold saw. All right everyone, oh my God, have a great one. TikTok, you don't stop.


What? What's next? Like hemorrhoids. Is there no, is there no privacy or dignity? Almost. This is almost as bad as that Kamala Harris video when she was drunk and slurring and looking demoralized and broken. This is almost as bad as that. When I saw the Rosie O'Donnell video, I'm like, get the girl some VREs. Get her a prescription, get her something. I don't know what's going on with her, but she looks totally demoralized and broken down. And when she blames her second stressor on UFOs, hasn't her daughter been arrested like three times recently for meth and all these other issues? Maybe that would be stressing you out as well.


So I don't know why she's blaming it on the UFOs. That's a good point. I I just can't Imagine like what, how is it empowering amala to go out there looking your absolute worst? I mean, I'm assuming, I'm assuming that's her worst. Maybe she can go a couple degrees down. I don't know. But like no makeup, like as unflattering in terms of your aging As you could possibly make yourself calling attention to your pimples and your herpes outbreaks and giving details about them to a public. As you talk about how much you hate half the country, how this is not a well person.


Megan, have you not met the modern woman? The modern woman is beautiful. She rejects objective beauty standards. She shows herself to the world, herpes and all. And she posts videos of her putting, putting a brief on them. And we've seen this from Rosie O'Donnell. She loves to like detail her entire day. My advice to her, get a diary. You know, you can put those words in there, close it up and not show it to the world. But instead she decides to publicize all of it. And she puts out these lengthy videos where she sits outside in the sun watching the squirrels that go by her house. And I will tell her sun is not good for cold sores and neither is the stress that you have surrounding this election. What are we gonna get next?


Like boils like where, where exactly do you go from your, your herpes on the air? Like I an anal fisher. I'm just trying to think. No, how bad could it get? I think it could get worse. I don't think she's done whatever you're following. You should unfollow wherever you're getting this information from. This is not a well person. As I said, I'm not sure there's anything more to say. I will say there are some weird drones flying over New Jersey. She wasn't wrong that that is happening. I don't know what that is. All I keep hearing is that they're going to investigate.


So it is weird what's happening with the New Jersey drones over various places. I don't know that I'd pull a flight attendant aside to ask her what she knew about the UFOs. That's like a slightly out there. But I do think she's like living proof link about how Trump just lucks out by having the very best enemies one can have. I mean, Trump broke these liberals brains back in 2016 and they thought it was over. He really came in and demolished them now. And what's interesting, you have these celebrities like Rosie O'Donnell, Kathy Griffin, who have total Trump derangement syndrome, but his policies are only going to make their lives better. They live in these liberal cities full of crime.


They have migrants all over the street. There's dirt all over and trash everywhere. Trump coming in might be a beacon for a beacon of hope for your failing city and your failing state led by Governor Gavin Newsom. So I don't know why Rosie O'Donnell and all these celebrities are complaining, but the Trump derangement syndrome has just reached a fever pitch. Yeah, I like a a fever blister pitch you might say. Yeah, No, Thank you Al, thank you as well. Always fun, great to see you. Thank you so much for having me. Thanks for having us. Oh my God, what a crazy news cycle and what a crazy day, right? I can't believe the updates on, on this. And we will continue to to follow them.


I'm sure we'll have a lot more by this time tomorrow because they will have read that whole manifesto and we'll get some more details. So thanks to all of you for joining us today. And don't forget, tomorrow we are back with the one and only Heather McDonald. I mean there are like commentators on the news and then there's Heather McDonald. Oh, she's like the smartest person in the country. Absolutely love her. She's here tomorrow. Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.