
Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often and owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim. However you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, Everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show and this Deep Dive special episode. Kamala Harris has all but secured her party's nomination using the magic democratic wand. Now that President Joe Biden has dropped outta the presidential race and we are starting to learn what Americans think of her, her candidacy as she faces former president Donald Trump. A brand new poll from Emerson College out today gives us one of our first looks at how Kamala Harris is bearing versus Donald Trump in key swing states like Arizona, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.


Here to break it down for us is Spencer Kimball. He's the executive director of Emerson College. Polling


Protein bars can be chewy and dense or so chalky that they crumble apart in your hand. But I wanna tell you about the launch of Magic Spoon Treats. You probably know Magic Spoon for their popular high protein cereal, right? That has more than 75,005 star reviews. Well, magic Spoon has turned their cereal now into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars. Magic spoons, brand new treats come in six deliciously nostalgic flavors including marshmallow, chocolatey peanut butter, blueberry birthday cake, yum and strawberry milkshake. Magic Spoon treats are a tasty time machine back to your childhood. You likely know Magic Spoon cereal. And now we are excited to bring you the news about the launch of their treats. Scoop up these new crispy, crunchy protein pack treats right now with 10% off just by going to magic Spoon dot com slash mk. Or use the promo code MK when you place your order at magic Spoon com. Magic Spoon, hold onto the dream.


Spencer, welcome back to the show. Great to see you Megan. Thanks for having me. Alright, so what's the top line information on how she's doing so far? A couple days in, Well what we saw last week where the Democrats or independents were breaking more towards Trump and she seems to have stemmed the tide of the debate loss and bringing the race back to competitiveness, specifically in Pennsylvania and in Georgia. So she, as far as I understand, basically got the Democrats back to pre-debate numbers for Biden. The the, the collapse from that colossal performance has been rectified, at least according to your poll.


Yeah, that's what we were seeing since the debate. We saw Trump picking up one to two points in each one of these states every week. So remember last time we spoke Arizona was at seven points. Georgia was getting up to six points. Pennsylvania and Wisconsin were up to five points and we were starting to look at what is President Biden's pathway to victory And. it was a very small window that he had. Now the race has been shaken up a little bit and we see a couple of different pathways with Harris on the top of the ticket Ticket. Okay, so it, it looks like the following five swing states. Let's see, she's trailing Trump in four of them and tied in one of them in Arizona.


He's up over Kamala five points, 49 to 44 in Georgia. He's up over Harris by two points, 48 to 46 in Michigan, he's up one point 46 to 45. In Pennsylvania, he's up two points 48 to 46. And in Wisconsin they're tied 47% for each person. So which of those states has been affected the most by her subbing in for Biden? I would say Georgia because last time we spoke I thought Georgia was off the table for the Democrats and that really put a lot of pressure on that blue wall to be able to hold both Arizona or to hold Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania if the Democrats lose both Georgia and Arizona.


So Penn, so Georgia now being back at two points is a lot more competitive than the five to six points that we were seeing a couple weeks ago. And that's a key state if the Democrats are able to get to two 70. And who's driving these increased numbers for Harris? Because as I read the writeup of this, you pin it to some extent, at least on younger voters. But we've spent the past two days looking at other polls and numbers that show she actually wasn't doing very well with younger voters, which is confusing. Well it's gonna take it, it almost looks like they're rebuilding that Obama coalition that was kind of falling apart over the last couple of months.


If you remember in 2008, Obama wins that 18 to 29-year-old vote by about 30 points. And since 2008 the Democrats have done a pretty good job with that 18 to 29-year-old group. What we were seeing over the last few months is that group was pretty split. In some polls we saw that even leading towards Trump, but now we see that it jumped back over the last couple of days where some of those underlying data points, now it's not the same in every state. So in Wisconsin for example, we might see a little bit more struggle with the younger voter, but that Trump actually struggles with the older voter a little bit more in Wisconsin. But generally speaking, the younger voter has come back to a greater extent than where they were when President Biden was on the top of the ticket, even in March and April prior to the debate performance.


Interesting. I mean he was very, very old, is very, very old. And we saw Democrats saying from the beginning, some two thirds of them, he's too old to be president, but I'm gonna give you this and this is not just Harry ton of CNN, this has been reflected in some polling since she became the likely person to possibly replace him. And then since he dropped out and endorsed her, we've been seeing lots of polls showing the young people are disillusioned and are leaning either not to voting or more towards Republicans, but here's a report we aired this soundbite yesterday of Harry Anton on CNN. Joe Biden won voters under the age of 35 by 21 points. What do we see with Kamala Harris? Well she's still ahead, but the margin here is significantly less than what we saw with Joe Biden back in 2020.


She's up by just nine points. You may make the argument that was better than Biden was doing before he got out. But compared to that democratic baseline where Democrats have historically and presidential elections, at least this century been carrying that young vote by 20 or more percentage twins, she is way down from that. Democrats say they're more motivated to turn out after Biden left the race. Well we do see a significant portion of Democrats who say yes, 39%. The thing I was interested in was that disproportionately younger voters who said that they were more likely to turn out or more motivated to turn out. And what we see here is it's 42% not a big difference between 42 and 39%. So this idea again that the vice president has unique potential to dig in and get young voters to turn out John, it's just not there in the numbers despite all the internet memes that are going around.


Okay. Can you speak to that Spencer? 'cause it sounds like the Emerson poll does not jive with that. Yeah, I would contradict some of that analysis in that the younger voters, the minority voter, it's black and Hispanic votes that are traditionally Democrats and they're the ones who are sitting on the sideline, not with Biden, they're more likely to come back in line with a Harris on the ticket. And that's what we see in our numbers. It's not necessarily the white vote that's coming back, it's those minority votes that she wait. Younger people who are a minority? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, because minorities are skewed towards the younger demographic. They're the newer voters.


Hispanic population are disproportionately younger than the older Hispanics because younger ones are a larger population and they're more likely to be registered to vote. So that's a group, same thing, the black population's a little bit more dispersed over the the ages, but the minority groups generally are on the younger side and tend to vote Democrat. And what we've seen is they've essentially come back into the fold for Harris to a, to some extent, not to that full extent. What we saw with Biden in, you know, 2020, but certainly stronger than what we saw just a few weeks ago. Can you put a number on it? You know, he was saying they voted younger people 21% for Joe Biden in 2020 and that right now they were leaning towards Harris by only nine percentage points saying that 9% was higher than Joe Biden was, you know, a couple weeks ago versus 2020.


But it's wasn't gangbusters, it wasn't up to the 2030 that people like Obama could get in the Democrat party. So can you put a number on what the surge is in these states or just overall Based on your polling? Well, I would agree somewhat to that analysis. It's definitely lower than the 30 or 20%, but it really depends on the state. So like the state of Georgia, about 20% of their voters are 18 to 29. But in Pennsylvania it's only like 13% of those voters. So to win in, in Georgia 60 40 amongst younger voters, that that's important. If you're winning 55, 45, that's a big, you know, 10 point difference amongst 20% of the electorate.


So each state is unique. The Midwest is an older population where you're not gonna see as many of those young votes, but that young vote is really important in Georgia, maybe even in North Carolina. And the next time we take a look because that's where younger folks are moving and living and we'll see if those numbers increase what we were able to see with essentially what Obama was able to do. Let's say in Virginia we saw that youth vote drop over the last couple of months. Obama had built that up 16, you know, 12, 16 years ago and pretty much ha handled it. I would, I would also say that yeah, we talk about the 18 to 29 year olds and that is the youth vote. But where I see the Democrats are really struggling is the 30 to 39 year olds, the people that came in with Obama and then are leaving right now, the Democrats, they're not voting at the same propensity.


And so that's where Harris is gonna have to bring back more of the vote. Yeah, she's gotta win that youth vote and she'll win it to some extent. But then the other vote as well, and I don't mind to mean to jump around, is the new voters, the new voters have come in and they're breaking for Trump and we haven't seen that since 72 with Nixon. So if new voters start breaking and they're being registered and coming in for the Republicans, that would shake up obviously the 18 to 29 year olds. But we do have to go state by state and look at, well, you know, look at Michigan, those younger voters in Michigan, they're not necessarily going to Trump, but they're going to third parties in, in our polling you can see that, you know, kind of pretty easily between the, the head-to-head ballot test.


And then when we add those third parties, and to me that would be a problem for Harris. She needs that youth vote out in Michigan to come out for her and we'll see over and it's gonna take some time. You know, this is a new candidacy though. She did run for a cup of coffee in 2020. Not many people remember any of that. And so she'll get out there, voters will have to start hearing some messaging and then we'll see how it kind of shakes out after Labor Day. A couple of other pieces of data, the economist slash u gov poll registered voters came out yesterday that showed Trump with 44 Harris with 41.


That poll was taken during the crossover, the 21st through the 23rd. And Biden Biden, I guess it was Pelosi, I don't know, is it, was it, what was, hold on, I gotta go back and look at my calendar now. So that 21st is the 23rd is this past Sunday through Tuesday. Yeah. So Trump up three and their poll before that mid-July, showed Trump up two over Biden. The other thing that's in here, of course is the assassination attempt, right? Like I don't even know how you poll for that, but that's another massive event that's factored in I guess to some extent in these numbers.


So what I'm gleaning right now is these numbers are all over the board. You know, one, one day we get a lesson that she's not exciting to younger voters. The next day we get a lesson that actually she is kind of exciting to some younger voters who are not into Joe Biden. And that overall numbers seem to, I think in every poll I've seen show Trump leading by a couple over Kamala, except for one, maybe two. I've only seen one that shows Kamala Harris over Trump. I don't like what does it mean? Well those national numbers are very important in my opinion because the Democrats need to win the national vote. So seeing that Trump still has, as you mentioned, two to three point lead in those national numbers, we're also seeing it reflected in the states.


Remember Arizona's a state where Trump loses by a couple of votes and he's up by five points. Georgia again, a state that he lost by a couple of votes, he's up by two Pennsylvania, he loses by a point Michigan, he loses by a couple of points, now he's up. So nationally he lost last time by four, four and a half. Now he's up two to three. And you see a little bit of that residual down here at the state levels. And as that national number changes over time, maybe, maybe not, it hasn't changed too much in about eight years. We'll see if voters, you know, switch and and jump on. But I think the biggest takeaway is that Trump is still leading Harris at this time in the state level and then obviously in these other polls at the national level.


Spencer, when you were on last, you explained to us why we should care about that national number. That why we shouldn't just be obsessed with the electoral college, the swing state votes. Can you explain that again for audience members who missed it? Sure. That national number, in my opinion is a, is a barometer of what's gonna happen at the state level. So if we look back in 2016, Clinton wins nationally by about two points. But at the state level, Trump is able to take it by, you know, 40, 50,000 votes. In 2020. Biden gets that national number up to four and a half percent and now he's able to take those state numbers by about 40, 45,000 votes.


Now we're into 2024. This is the first time Trump has been up nationally in any of these polls. So it'll be interesting to see if these state numbers hold where maybe it's not a 10,000 vote difference, it might be a little bit higher in some of these states at this time. So that's why it's important to look at that national number. To me the Democrats need to win the national number because of states like New York and California, which traditionally vote pretty heavy for the Democrats and give them a like a five to 7 million vote advantage just in those two states. And then the Republicans have to carry it back. It's a little different this cycle with Florida being turning more red. But it's still an important number for all of us to consider.


And then I I just Your saying because If you see loan numbers in New York and California in terms of turnout for the Democrats, it suggests to you there's a lack of enthusiasm in the Democratic party nationwide. Y yeah, maybe the, the a lower tide. And this is what we saw back in 2016 when the results were coming in, it was a little easier back in 20 16, 20 20, the results were a little, you know, tougher to follow. But in 16 you could see those early, you know, Kentucky, Indiana, those states were three four points higher than the polls and then it was a rising tide around the entire country. And so as we look at that national poll, if Harris is able to bring that back to even or take the lead, then I think the Democrats have a chance.


But if the Republicans are leading the national poll, it's hard to imagine how the Democrats, you know, will be able if they're picking up states like California and New York still by 20 plus points where, where their pathway is gonna be. But with Harris on the ticket now, there is at least an angle. 'cause remember the Democrats lost three electoral votes because of redistricting. So Biden's vote goes from 3 0 6 to 3 0 3 without even an election happening. And those three electoral votes are really big. That's like Delaware or Vermont's changing, that's a good point to Republicans. And so the map is, is more in favor of Trump. And that's why when we were talking last time and saying, hey, if Georgia and Arizona, why was it so important this time?


As opposed to, because now you've lost those three electoral votes. So now any one of those blue states, you don't have to knock down two blue states. You only need to knock down one blue state because of the redistricting. And so that's another factor which is different this cycle for us to keep an eye on. So we're still in late July, Kamala Harris still has the convention which will continue the quote coronation of her and she has the announcement of her running mate, which should provide a further boost to her numbers if she chooses somebody acceptable. And you know, some of these, maybe the Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro who people are looking at very closely, obviously swing state.


So in your experience, do conventions and the announcement of a running mate provide a decent boost to a candidate and is it sustainable? Does it last? Well just last week obviously Trump announced his running mate, but then you had Biden dropping out and that took a little bit of that momentum away from what the Republicans were doing at their convention. So obviously the Democrats have their plan, they're gonna try to create momentum and and move the needle in their direction, but the Republicans are gonna come out with some messaging as well and try to circumvent some of that. And that's gonna be interesting to watch over the next four or five weeks as they have to redefine the campaign between these new candidates or at least between Harris and Trump.


And that's gonna be a challenge and we'll see what the messaging is over that time. And then from there it'll kind of get into a groove, I presume, on what we're gonna be talking about in the fall. Is there any way of knowing through polls, whether there's any backlash to the way this was done within the Democrat party? You know, that it really was done just by the elites deciding it would be Kamala Harris and even though the messaging from Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries continues to say ground up, ground up, not top down, people know. So is that a factor or no? Is that just a media story? We'll, we'll see, again, these things take time for people to kind of, you know, wonder if it was one of their candidates that didn't get the nomination and maybe that candidate becomes the vp, in which case that will, you know, trying to end some of those sour grapes.


But at this point it looks like the Democrats have kind of rallied around Harris about, in our polling about 80% of Democrats in each one of these states wanted Harris 10 15% preferred somebody else. So there could be a little back black backlash on that within the party. But the idea there is to get them all unified against Trump. The one if issue here is that Trump's favorability is actually stronger than Harris's in a lot of these states. So it's gonna be an interesting play. I don't know if that same playbook that the Democrats have used for the last couple of cycles against Trump works as well this cycle. But obviously time will tell.


Hmm. I know it's strange to think about because what could they possibly say about Donald Trump that hasn't been said already. You know what? Where she's not exactly fresh meat, you know, she's been the vice president for four years, but she's a lot fresher, you know, her, all of her policy statements and Gaffes and so on will be coming back in a very forceful way. He can't really do that to Trump as much or at least you know, it's not gonna have the same effect 'cause people lived it. Yeah, I would agree with you on that. I mean, how much more on Donald Trump could be out there? Harris is now going to be attacked in ways that she hasn't been before. And now we'll see how she responds to some of her policies and some of those ideas that she has out there.


And then obviously having to defend this administration's positions on some of the, the issues of the day. So right now it's a Honeymoon period. Lemme ask something on that. So, so there's been a debate since he dropped and endorsed her on whether the Republican's message has been, it's not the person, it's the policies, it's that's, that's the problem, that's the reason you shouldn't vote them because it's not the person, it's the policies. But what you're, what you seem to be saying is so far it actually was the person for at least, you know, some decent share of swing state voters. It was Joe Biden. Yeah, especially the younger vote, the the female vote and the minority vote.


Those were three major constituents that were leaving Biden and they weren't necessarily going to Trump, they were going to third parties or not gonna vote at all, but we could see it, we could see the fallout in these numbers every week. She's been able to bring that group back in. But remember they're still trailing. So she'll need a bit of a game changer to continue to get this momentum and then get over Trump in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Michigan, those are states that the Democrats need to win in order to get to two 70. So when we talk about that, because last time you were on, we talked about how it wasn't looking so great for the Democrats. This is with Biden in the rust belt and in the, in those sort of blue wall states of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.


And now there's been buzz about how that may or may not be true for Harris. She's better than Biden in those states probably, but she's going to do, she needs to focus not on those states, but on the Sunbelt, which as far as I understand is Arizona, Georgia, North, Carolina. Is that like, can you walk me through how this calculus goes and whether it's good bet for them? Yeah, it's interesting because it's gonna depend on that VP pick. Does she go with Mark Kelly and try to bring Arizona back into the fold or does she end up going with maybe a Shapiro or a Roy Cooper outta North? Carolina? Try to bring that back into the fold. But right now it looks like Arizona is not all that competitive.


It's leaning towards Trump. And so with that, Biden or the Democrats are at 2 92 in their electoral votes, Nevada has been a state, the silver state has been leaning towards the Republicans. And so that's something to also keep an eye on. 'cause there are six electoral votes. And while that doesn't necessarily end it for the Dems, it definitely puts a lot of pressure on them because now you have Pennsylvania, that becomes a battleground. If the Democrats lose Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona Trump wins. If before last week when we were talking, Georgia was more red and if Georgia had turned red, now it's like any one of those states, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Virginia, any one of those states that turn would cost the Democrats and give Trump back the White House.


And so keeping an eye on Georgia and seeing if Harris is able to kind of create more energy in Atlanta in that Stacey Abrams magic that she's almost had. but that seems to have been lost down there. So we're gonna see if it comes back. North Carolina's a state that they're talking about coming back into play. I thought North Carolina was the furthest away. It was about like seven points for Trump. So we're gonna see if the governor, if they go with him outta North, Carolina Cooper, if that brings that, that's 16 electoral votes that would, you know, change the map. Because right now it's leaning red. And so each one of these has, you know, the pluses and minuses, but what you're looking at is a field where the Democrats are on a little bit of defense having to defend all of these states.


And if any of Arizona goes and Georgia goes, then it's, and it's really a tough map. But if the Democrats with Harris are able to get Georgia back in blue, then there's still that pathway if they carry the we Midwest. But the balance, we've Got three and a half months Yeah. Ago. But the balance is, and you're giving up up the Midwest, So. Right, exactly. 'cause Trump's fighting hard for those states. Now we've got three and a half months to go. I know I won't hold you to this 'cause it's just a, it's just a guess at this point. We don't know, but it's an important guess. Who would you rather be? Trump or Harris and how would you place the odds of Trump winning? Oh, I think you'd rather be Trump Harris is coming off the bench right now replacing the starter, right?


You had Joe Biden, he was the, the, the president and you're like, yeah, we're gonna put the starter down here for the second half, we're gonna bring in our bench player and we're gonna have her take over. That's, that's a risky move. I mean, she was brought on the ticket to balance the ticket. You know, there's a reason why these VPs are brought on. Generally it's not to necessarily become the next president. So we'll see if she's up for that challenge of, you know, the presidential timber, that she didn't really have to go through the vetting process of the nominating contest. And we'll see what happens now that we're in the major leagues and then obviously her vice presidential candidate, how that might impact the race. But at this point, I think the Republicans, they're not as strong as they were a week and a half ago.


But I I, I still think that Trump's got an advantage at this time. Is it, was it what like 60 40, 52 48, what would you, where would you put it? More social sciences. We'll go with 95% confidence 'cause that's where the polls are and then we'll see if it changes. Excellent. Spencer, thank you so much. Love talking to you Megan. It's my pleasure. Thanks for having us. Ah, so interesting, right? The Republicans do not have this in the bag and the race has changed dramatically. They both are gonna have to fight very hard and every vote is gonna count. Oh, I'll see you next time. Thanks for joining me.


Do you ever think, how can I work this hard and still be in debt? The piles of overdue bills, the threatening phone calls, never having money to do anything. If, you are trapped in debt. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed aggressive new strategies to end your debt permanently. Done with Debt stands between you and the harassing annoying bill collectors who wants to deal with them. They tirelessly negotiate with your creditors to lower or even forgive what you may owe. And they do it all without bankruptcy or new loans. One client said one phone call saved us a fortune. I only wish we'd done this long ago. Done with Debt has unique strategies to get you outta debt faster and put more money in your pocket every month. But you need to hurry because some debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Visit Done with Debt dot com talk with one of their debt relief strategists for free. What do you have to lose? Accept your debt. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and, and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middlemen paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.