
Don't just ride the index. Seek to outperform it with Fidelity active ETFs. Learn more at fidelity.com/active ETFs. Before investing in any exchange traded fund, you should consider its investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact fidelity for a prospectus and offering circular or if available. A summary Prospectus containing this information, read it carefully. While active ETFs offer the potential to outperform an index, these products may more significantly trail an index as compared with the past ETFs. Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC member N-Y-S-E-S-I-P-C.


When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. That's what you might do when you hear Discover will automatically double the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cash back match. Wait, what? Yep. Double the cash back is something so good. You might do a triple take. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Early voting in America starts in a couple of weeks, and in the shadow of 2020, many Americans are wondering about efforts to ensure the safety and legality of our vote. We wanted to take a Deep Dive on this issue with someone whose organization is making it a point to stop illegal voting in America. Gene Hamilton is that man. He is executive director and general counsel at America First Legal, and he joins me now to discuss what America First Legal or AFL is doing.


Some Americans really enjoy using their credit cards because it can be a hassle-free way to pay. And not to mention it's secure. But our sponsor, the American Payments Coalition, says that some DC politicians wanna change all that with the Durban Marshall credit card bill. They say the bill lets corporate mega stores pick how your credit card is processed, allowing them to use untested payment networks that jeopardize your data security and rewards. They say corporate mega stores will make more money and you'll wind up paying the price. Find out more info@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're there too.


Jean, welcome to the show, Megan. Thanks for having me. Okay, so just outline the problem for me first, as you know, you were looking at it before you decided to tackle it. Of course. Look, everyone in America has heard about problems related to non-citizens or illegal aliens being on voter rolls. This is a very common occurrence. Now, the left would want you to believe that of course, that this never happens. No one would ever be an illegal alien and register to vote, but it's actually more common that what you would actually think. It's actually a very frequent occurrence, especially at the point of obtaining a driver's license or other such things where someone can get added to a state's list of voters where they shouldn't be.


Or if they actually use a federal form where they just simply check a box that says that, I swear that I'm a citizen now, please register me to vote. Those are real problems. There should never be an illegal alien on any states voter rolls. Now look, there are a number of states who have been doing some things for a number of years that are kind of very basic and that are helpful and that are good, but there don't go far enough. So what we have done at America First Legal is identify a plan that every state across America can use. Steps that they can take to remove illegal aliens from their list of voters using data and information that they're entitled to receive from the Department of Homeland Security.


Alright, stand by kind. We'll get to the, we'll get to the cure in a minute. I wanna spend another, another few minutes on the problem. Sure. So is it the case, because I, when I lived in New York City, they passed a law trying to make it legal for illegal aliens to vote. That was not upheld, but are there states out there like the crazy New York, you know, policy that are actually trying, you know, you mentioned driver's license for licenses for illegals. We know Tim Waltz wanted this in Minnesota. So there are states out there that are saying it's fine for illegals to get driver's licenses, and I guess there could be some as crazy as New York where then they say, and they should have the right to vote.


Do you know what, whether that's out there? Yeah, and it certainly is, and it, it can also happen in states that aren't crazy because there is a single point of failure. And the single point of failure is at the point of the person getting the driver's license from a clerk at the DMV. That is your single point of failure. So If, you are a clerk at the DMV and someone comes to you, maybe they're an illegal alien and maybe it's a crazy state that says, Hey, we give driver's licenses to everyone who's here regardless of their immigration status. Or maybe you're a good state, but your laws in your state say that If, you're here and you have work authorization from the Department of Homemade security that we'll go ahead and give you a driver's license.


Now, what can happen though at that single point of failure, at the point of getting your driver's license is that at least before the real ID act, and there's still problems after the real ID act, is that it's just a matter of somebody checking a box that says, I'm a citizen and I want to be registered to vote. This is something that happens all over the place, and it is something that leads to people being on the voter rolls, which of, of course is a, an important point to point out to everyone right now. The, the, the issue here is not necessarily that an illegal alien is a hundred percent of the time going to go register to vote at the DMV or through the mail, and that they are then going to show up at the ballot box and themselves cast a vote.


The issue here, of course, is that they are getting their name registered to vote And when you have states all across the country using mail-in ballots, right, this is all about ballot harvesting and getting as many names on as many ballots as you possibly can, turned in, get the votes counted of course, before anyone can do anything. And then at the end of the day say, look, there's more ballots that were cast for, you know, so-and-so than the Other one. Well explain that. What do you mean? So democratic operatives engaging in fraud would figure out who's an illegal and who's not and try to send in a ballot for this guy that he doesn't even know he is sending in. Look, that's certainly something that can happen and it's certainly something that can happen, especially in transient communities. So if you're in a, at an apartment, your listeners across the country will understand that if you're an apartment, it's oftentimes you'll get mail first, the prior residence.


It is especially going to be true in transient communities populated by by immigrants. And so If, you are somebody who gets registered to vote and you're in one of these states that does a hundred percent mail-in balloting one of these states that makes it extremely easy to request your ballot to be sent in via the mail and no one ever has to check or confirm that you are in fact a citizen that at some point along the process that you produce documentation that shows that you are in fact a citizen of the United States. The recipes for fraud are almost unlimited in, in terms of what can possibly be done. How do we have any idea how many illegal aliens are currently registered or have been registered over the past few years in the United States and in particular in the swing states?


It's a wonderful question, and I don't know that there's any kind of actual reliable evidence indicating one number or another. The fact of the matter though is that there are millions upon millions of illegal aliens who have entered the United States over the last three and a half years that they are here and they are loose in the United States. And, when you look at the margin of victory in a place like Arizona or in a place like Georgia where just a couple, you know, a couple thousand, 10,000, 20,000 votes can make the difference in the outcome of an election. The recipe is there and it's really a matter of how do we make sure that there are none on the voter rolls.


If it's a hundred, that's a problem. If it's a thousand, it's a problem. If it's a hundred thousand, it's a problem. Now, I, some of your listeners have probably seen in the recent weeks, there've been a number of elected officials across the country putting out press releases, saying things like, Hey, guess what? We removed 4,000 non-citizens from our voter roll. Yes. Over the last year. So 2,500 in Pennsylvania. Exactly. Virginia's been cracking down. North Carolina identified more than 1400. Yeah. Arizona said, we've identified 42,000 people as federal only registrants, which I don't totally understand, but yes. So more and more are coming out to say they're making this effort and they've identified some, so keep going.


Yeah, absolutely. So, and that's great. And what they're typically doing in those situations is using a system called save that DHS administers. And so for your viewers at home and listeners at home, if they're, think about it this way, DHS has a database that states are eligible to ping against, but to use that database to have it be reliable, you have to have some kind of an identifier that links the person to an identifier in the DHS database. And so that identifier tends to be what's known as an alien registration number. And so think of this as like you're searching for a friend on social media, right? And if you're searching for a friend and you have their email address, maybe you can actually find the person because you have their email address, but If you don't have their email address.


You're never going to find the person. And this is depending on the privacy settings. And so this is the, this is the single point of failure for the save system is If. you have someone who's registering to vote, whether that's with a federal form, and we can touch more on that in a minute. Or whether it's somebody who registered to vote at the DMV, chances are they didn't provide you with an alien registration. Chances are that they just gave you their name and their date of birth, which makes, which makes this DHS safe system essentially worthless to get the folks off of the voter rolls who didn't actually give you their alien registration number.


So when you see a press release from someone saying, Hey, we removed, you know, two, 4,000 people from our voter rolls using the DHS Save system, well that's fabulous and that's great. Now just imagine how many more you can do If, you could instead search by things like a name and a date of birth. Hmm. Okay, so you're saying there's a lot more on that federal registry who would be illegal? We just, we don't have the technology right now to capture them, and so they will remain on the voter registration rules as illegal aliens. The system is flawed. Well, yes and no. So the system that DHS built for the states to use called save is flawed and it has that issue.


But here's the great thing, and here's the fun thing for all of the states across the country, and it's actually part of a plan that we laid out for all of the states across the country to use, which is, there's a law in the books, in the Immigration and Nationality Act at eight USC 1373, and it says that a state or local government can get information from the Department of Homeland Security to verify or ascertain the citizenship status of any individual in their jurisdiction for any purpose authorized under law. And that DHS has to provide that information to the state or the locality.


And so what DHS is doing is that they've been telling the states and the local governments, Hey, you have to use this saved database and you have to use this alien registration number as the query. Oh, and by the way, DHS charges the states and localities to use it, but there is a separate provision of law that nobody one was using up until recently that says that actually the states are entitled to receive this information as a matter of law, and it's about any individual, and it's to ascertain or to verify their citizenship or immigration status for any purpose authorized under law. And so any purpose authorized under law certainly has to include ensuring that there are eligible voters on your voter rolls and there's not any illegal aliens or, you know, for example, permanent residents or anyone else who's not entitled to vote on the voter rolls.


And so the states have the ability to ask DHS to give them the information that they need about anyone that they have any question about on their voter rolls. They just need, need the will to do it. But heres my question on that. They need the will to do it, so they need the will to do it, but in my experience, the only states that would have the will to do it would be blue states, and they're not gonna do it. I mean, and they don't like, they're, they're not going to, and the red states might wanna do it, but that doesn't really help Republicans make sure there are fair elections. Right. So then what do the swing states do? The odds of the swing states actually taking advantage, advantage of this, I think are slim and none because I don't know, most of them tend to have democratic governors.


Yeah, look, it's a, it's a real conundrum and, and you've identified it is everyone should be doing this though because DHS has the capability to verify Based on a name Based on a date of birth. They do have a technological capability of doing this. And so this is a matter of common sense. This is a matter of good government. This should not be a red or a blue issue or anything in between. This is a common sense measure that every state across the country should be using. And if the citizens of each state, you know, petition their leaders and they say, Hey, look, why aren't we doing this one way or the other? Why aren't we trying to make sure that there aren't people who shouldn't be on our voter rolls voting regardless of how they vote?


And this is one of these situations where the solution is there, the federal law provides a remedy and the states can use it to get people off. This, again, just very good government kind of basic obligation thing to do. But because Nobody's don't think, but don't you think that they'll look at, they'll slow roll it, this administration be like, sure, we're definitely gonna comply with your many requests and we'll get that information to you probably around February. Yeah. Right. Well, so that's you again, you've identified a, a very real problem, which is why what states need to do is give DHS hard and fast deadlines. And if DHS doesn't comply in a reasonable amount of time with the information the states are obligated to receive under federal law, the states should go into federal court and sue and demand immediate remedies to get the information that they need.


Given that there's an election coming up soon. Given, as you identified early voting starts very soon in many states. And the time is September now 16th Act in Pennsylvania. Absolutely. September 16th. Absolutely. I mean, it's like right around the corner. Right. So can you tell me, do you know what Virginia's doing? Because I'm kind of interested in what Glenn Jukin is doing down, down there. He clearly does care about voter integrity. It seems like he's making sure that there's gonna be paper ballots there mandating a documented chain of custody for the paper ballots. They don't use voting machines down there, just paper ballot counting machines, but they also have to have the paper ballots retained for 22 months.


The, the absentee ballots seem to be more secure than they are in other states requiring a social security match. I don't know, it seems like Glenn Youngin is one governor who's in not exactly a swing state, but is still a little purple trying to set things right. Yeah, it certainly seems that way. And his, his efforts should be commended. Every governor across the country should be doing more and they should be doing as much as they possibly can do to do things that are just common sense. I mean, look for the viewers and listeners at home. If your elected officials are not doing things that would be common sense measures that you would think that maybe even like the bank would require for you to be able to go take money out of your account, verifying your identity, ensuring that there's proper paper trails, doing all those types of good governance measures.


You know, why shouldn't we expect the same of our elected leaders when it comes to our elections, when it comes time for the citizenry to, you know, cast the kind of, the ultimate pinnacle of democratic action in society, which is casting that vote, that ballot and getting, getting that ballot counted properly and having it administered in a way that people can have confidence in the integrity of the system and in the future of their democratic society. Yeah, I mean, this is definitely something that people are very worried about on top of the issue of just stealing, you know, they're, they're, they're very worried about people stealing ballots Yes.


And harvesting and taking, but this is an area that you're saying this is a, an area that can be exploited by bad actors. That's one of the many reasons. It could be the illegal alien, or it could be somebody who's taking advantage of the fact that there is an illegal alien who's registered, who might not know he is getting a ballot by mail. And Bob's your uncle, boom. I mean, Biden won Georgia by 11,000 votes. That's just one state, right? So every vote counts as we know. Jean, thank you. Thanks for all the great work you guys do at America First, legal, love, love all of it. Thanks very much for having me on. Really appreciate it. All the best and Thanks to all of you for joining us today for this special Deep Dive into the problem of how to solve the illegal aliens voting in our elections back later today.


Hungry Root is one very easy way to eat healthy. They send you fresh, high quality groceries, simple, delicious recipes and essential supplements. It's like having someone else do all the planning and shopping so you don't even have to think about it. Hungry Root gets to know your personal health goals, dietary restrictions, favorite foods, how much time you wanna spend cooking and more. Then they build you a personalized cart for the week, including easy four ingredient recipes. Oh, I love that. To put those groceries to use. Each order is fully customizable. They've got fresh produce, high quality meat, healthy snacks, and more. Everything from Hungry Root follows a simple standard, it's gotta taste good, be quick to make and contain whole trusted ingredients. Hungry Root is now offering the Megyn Kelly Show of viewers, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Listen up listeners, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Just go to hungry root.com/megan and get 40% off your first delivery and your free veggies. That's Hungry root.com/megan. Don't forget to use our link so they know we sent you.


Hey, fidelity, what's it cost to invest with the Fidelity app? Start with as little as $1 with no account fees or trade commissions on US stocks and ETFs. Hmm, That's music to my ears. I can only talk. Investing involved risk including risk of loss. Zero account fees apply to retail brokerage accounts only. Sell order assessment fee not included. A limited number of ETFs are subject to a transaction based service fee of $100 C. Full list of fidelity.com/commissions. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC member N-Y-S-E-S-I-P-C.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback. There's a Corolla built just for you. Visit buy a toyota.com for more national sales event deals. Toyota, let's go places.