
Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credited.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people


Fall is here and it's a whole mood with shoes front and center of course. Good thing DSW has all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need from ballet flats to cool court sneakers. Turn your closet into the who's who of fashion moments with the latest animal. Print faves, kitten heels, and more from top brands like Nike, Adidas, and Steve Madden. This season, fall for fashion at your local DS W store or dsw.com.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Welcome To the Megyn Kelly Show. I'm m Kelly. Last week I watched the entire four hour American Health and Nutrition round table that was hosted by Senator Ron Johnson. It was fascinating. It was on the heels of our having Casey means on this show Dr. Casey means and discussing her book Good Energy, which is a must read. All of this is a collective siren call that we desperately need to change the foods we consume. There was a massive rally to this effect the other day in Washington talking about how we need to resist the push of poison on us and our children.


It had many points, but this was just one of them, including RFKJ and others. And two people who have been outspoken on this issue for a while, including at that Senate Roundtable are here with me today. Vanni Hari is known online as the Food babe and has built a big following, holding big food companies accountable for the ingredients they place in their products. and Grace Price is an 18-year-old who made the documentary Cancer A Food Borne Illness who caught my eye as I watched that whole four hour hearing.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no applying minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded, the next business day or sooner loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people.


This is an ad from Better Help. Unfortunately, we don't get an owner's manual for ourselves. There are no simple instructions for what to do when we feel down or when we have relationship problems or family conflicts. That's when therapy can help and Better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with the licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit better help.com to learn more. That's better. HEL p.com.


Welcome to the show, VNI and Grace. Great to have you. Thank you for happiness. Thank You so much. You bet. Alright, VNI, lemme start with you. So you were the one, our audience may remember this 'cause we played the clip actually a couple times, holding up the fruit loops and showing how in the UK they don't have a bunch of colors in them, but in the United States they do. And you did this with french fries, you did this with a bunch of food products showing it's so easy for, you're not asking these manufacturers of food, of food to do something radical. You just want us to be treated the way the Europeans are treated with when it comes to our health and our food coloring, et cetera. Can you expand on that? Yeah, absolutely. So right now American food companies are using toxic ingredients that are either banned or regulated differently in the same exact products that they serve American citizens.


So for example, McDonald's french fries has 11 ingredients here in the United States, whereas in other countries they are only using three ingredients and salt is optional. Then you've got things like Skittles, which uses 10 different artificial food dyes here in the United States and the ingredient titanium dioxide that's banned in Europe because it can cause DNA damage. But in the UK version, they eliminate these ingredients and this runs the gamut across the board, whether it's m and ms, I mean, I think about Halloween coming up, it's gonna be an m and ms star, Starbursts, you know, HaBO, gummy bears.


Almost every single major American food company is doing this because they're using the lack of regulation in our US food system to their advantage. And it's very hypocritical and I think it's unethical 'cause we're American citizens and as RFK Jr said in that Senate round table, if any other country was doing this to us, it would be considered an act of war. We have an opportunity right now to let the American public know about this happening. And we are, we are under a massive experiment within the human population in 1958.


Lemme just give you some stats. In 1958 there was only 800 food additives approved from use. Now it's over 10,000. And there are thousands of chemicals that have not even been reviewed by the FDA at all. They've been literally just slid right into the food system without anybody knowing what the risks are, what the safety data looks like, and you see the skyrocketing rates of disease and cancer and other serious issues that are related to a lot of these additives. And we've got to do something about it. In Europe, there's only 400 ingredients approved for use.


So you know, we have a huge disparity between different countries, but also these are American food companies doing this. We need to hold them accountable. And one of the companies that is at the forefront of this right now in my eyes is Kellogg's because they're targeting little children. Back in 2015, they said that they would remove artificial food dyes from all their cereals by 2018, but they never did. And they lied about it and they started to create new cereals that were targeting the smallest of children using the most popular toddler songs like Baby Shark and Disney's Little Mermaid to create new cereals and invent new cereals that would hook children of today.


And they're using these artificial dyes that are, they know are linked to hyperactivity in children. Because back in the night in 2010 when the South Hampton study came out in Europe, Europe started requiring a warning label on any product that used in artificial food dye that says it may cause adverse effects on activity and attention in children. And because Kellogg's didn't wanna put that warning label on their product, they reformulated. So they know there is harm with their product, they are liable for this harm. And I'm asking them to remove artificial food dyes right now in a petition that has over 150,000 signatures on my website.


And we're gonna be delivering those petitions to their headquarters on October 15th. I'm inviting both presidential candidates along with several different food activists and the general public to join me, and I believe this is going to be one of the most massive grassroots campaign to hold American companies accountable once and for all using one of the most iconic American brands, Kellogg's. So I want people to support this, I tweeted it out, but for the listening audience, is it just food babe.com? Remind me of where they can go because we do need people to sign this petition. Sure, you can just go to food babe.com/baby shark. Okay slash baby shark. Do we have to put the pressure on them or they will not?


Listen, I heard, I think it was Callie Meanses or somebody at the hearing last Monday saying if if just, you know, some significant portion of the audience watching this would say to Kellogg's, we're no longer buying your cereal until you do this. It would happen overnight. We are in charge. Moms in particular are in charge of Kellogg's, whether they know it or not. So sign this petition and tell them we're not effing around anymore. Get this shit out of what you're putting on the shelves that our kids see as we go by. And can I just before be, before we leave this topic, I know there are are a lot of people, especially my audience who say big brother, like we don't, eh, we don't need, and I know California just passed a law trying to remove some of these food dyes from the school lunches and I thought that was great and I saw you tweet about it.


So it's a democrat and a nanny state doing more nanny state stuff and a lot of people on the right, which is largely my audience, not all, but largely they don't like nanny state. You know, they didn't like when Mayor Bloomberg cut down on the big gulp in New York City. It's like, we know it's bad for you, but if you wanna live your life like that, too bad. I see this is different. Bonnie, you explained that Was actually the food companies lobbying behind the scenes to look for reasons they could try to get those different, those those different actions not passed by the way. So it wasn't exactly, I I think like a conservative organic ideal organic, you know, I just don't think so. I think a lot of lobbying behind the scenes and a lot of front groups behind the scenes was, was doing that work.


But, but let me just tell you this, this is not the nanny state. This isn't asking for more regulations. This is, you're already doing this across the pond. Do it for us. Why are you poisoning American children and giving other countries childrens better, safer ingredients? This is a rigged system. This is not about creating more regulations, this is about doing what's right as an American company And there's no point for of these ingredients, right, Vanni, it's not like, it's not like we want them to take the sugar out of fruit loops. It's no, you're putting in totally useless dyes to make it more marketing or more marketable or attractive to children, which are unnecessary.


Or if you really want them to be colored, you can use vegetables to color the fruit loops the same as is done in some other products. You Know, I have both the fruit loops right here. Let me just show you. So this is the United States actually, this is the, these, this is the United States version and this is the Canadian version. So let me just show you the differences in these. So this, this is the Canadian color right here. This is the, this is the US color right here. You can see the subtle differences in color and how much brighter the US version is. Well in Focus, it looks, looks neon focus. Yes it is.


And in focus groups, guess which product children ate more of this one and the neon. So not only are they using it to, for a marketing tool, they're contributing to obesity. This is sugar Latin cereal. This isn't the healthiest thing on the market. Someone can eat, even though the CEO of Kellogg's wants you to eat it for dinner. In, in terms of all the inflation that we are experiencing as a country. I mean, this is something that is completely has to change. You know, as Americans, we should say we've had enough, we need to rise up and tell everyone about what's really happening with the American food supply. And again, it's not just Kellogg's, but I think if we use Kellogg's as an example and they lead by making this change, I think other companies will follow suit.


And I think they have a real opportunity here. I don't think they're gonna wanna have the massive grassroots rally that I'm envisioning at their front doors. So Kellogg's, if you're listening, now is the time to make the change. You're gonna have to do it in California schools. Now it's time to do it across the board, like you said in 2015. Keep your promise, it's time to remove the dies And grace. So I, as I said in the intro, had never forgive me, heard of you, but I saw you speak and I saw everybody speak. I watched the whole thing at that here and I was like, who is this young woman? Like who's like at 18, you've already done A Food documentary.


And it's talking about how the, the problem with, with what vni is discussing is not just, well that stuff that doesn't sound great. You know, maybe we don't want titanium dioxide, which we put in our sunscreen to be in our food. It's, it's killing us. That's, that's the point that really got your attention as a young girl. And you did this whole documentary. I'm gonna show the audience just a little bit of this in this piece of the documentary called Cancer A Food Borne Illness Grace talks about what Twinkies and Clorox have in common. So 34, Did you know that the chemical we use to bleach the flour inside of Twinkies is the exact same chemical utilized to create our most common disinfectant, Clorox.


Oh, and by the way, the chemical is chlorine gas. And this is just one out of the 37 total ingredients inside of a twine. This is standard for ultra processed foods. So Grace, I know you lost your grandfather to cancer and that was one of the things that spurred your interest in this, but how did you, as must, you must have been like a 17-year-old at this point, get access to the experts to try to start nailing some of this down. Yeah, well I always attribute, like my whole research journey to the high school that I went to in Austin, it's an alternative based education system where I had time in the mornings to do all my academics within two hours so that I could then open up my entire afternoon for this kind of research.


And I mean, while my grandfather did kind of spark the passion for me, what really got me going is the fact that my generation is so clearly being targeted by these big food companies. It's not even funny, And, it made me so angry that I just continued down this rabbit hole of research where I was reading these things that it's not that crazy to find. I mean I'm, I'm no smarter than your other, you know, average teenager. I just know how to use Google. So I was searching up these things, learning like, oh great Twinkies have the same chemical that's in Clorox. Or oh, you know, the same amount of sugar in orange juice is actually equivalent to just drinking a bottle of Coke.


It's those kinds of things where you're like, how have I been thinking so differently my whole life? And you realize, well we've been lied to, you know, and I, I really hate when people tell me like, well technically it's everyone's choice. If they want to eat a donut, it's not, you know, it's just your fault. Like you teenagers, you just have terrible diets and y'all need to own up to it. But it's not your fault when the system is rigged against you. Like if we're playing the game of life, teenagers had a very late start and all these big food companies are just flat out cheating. So there's literally no way for us to go against this without trying to demand some change right now. And I mean the only other time I've seen this in history is when you look at big tobacco, this, I always say that ultra processed foods are the new cigarette for my generation.


And people, you know, that really seems to trigger something within them because I think they know it's kind of true. And we now have research showing that the big tobacco industry actually bought big food companies like Kellogg's and General Mills and, or sorry, I think it was General Mills and Craft. And they used the same kind of tactics that they had deployed, you know, with all of their tobacco industry product development for these foods. And then they just exited in 2001 and impacted literally every other big food company and the way that they develop their food so that they're highly palatable and addicting. And they targeted kids just like how with cigarettes, they would target kids by putting these signages saying, you know, oh, go smoke a cig at children's eye level.


Now they're just paying off dieticians on TikTok to promote cereal. So I mean, it's the same thing. We're going through the same motions, but people don't wanna accept it because that's freaking scary if it's as deeply entrenched within all this corruption as the whole tobacco scheme was, which I've found that it Really is you, what's so awful about the, about comparing it to cigarettes is it's like ultra process foods are your generation's cigarettes. If, if in a world in which cigarettes were given to babies and toddlers and forced fed to them in the lunchroom when they go to school and then again at night at the dinner table, and we're almost impossible to get around having, I mean it, it's just, and this was one of the points that they were making.


I think Cali Greens rai raised this at the hearing that especially if you're lowering income or if you need government assistance on your lunch program, you are getting spoonfed the most disgusting, harmful stuff on earth. The government pays for it and no one gives a damn what's gonna happen to you as you balloon in obesity and with disease. So it is, it is a problem not just for us grownups, but really for children all all across the country. Yes, no, it definitely is. And I think your point about us being given these as children, I mean, baby formula itself has these highly reactive, easily oxidized, polyunsaturated fatty acids.


Like that's the primary source of fat from seed oils within them. So we're giving these to babies, these fats get stored in our cell membranes, they wreak all sorts of havoc and we're literally not even a year old. And then we're given the baby food, which is like, it's like the vape of cigarettes for ultra processed food. You know, it's like we're gonna give them a little bit of a tone down version and it's still gonna have added sugars, which by the way, like the amount of added sugars that an adolescent should have is zero grams and there's no getting around that. And they'll say, oh, it's okay to have a little, no, it's not, it's unacceptable. And the worst part is your brain is only 90% developed once you hit kindergarten.


So this entire time period, their brains are barely even developed and they're being given these foods. Just think about poisons. I would love to see research on the way that their entire wiring of their neural networks is changing because these foods are so addicting that, I mean they are raised by the foods themselves. It's terrifying. The The other thing is, and RFKJ was raising this Bonnie, but it's, and I confess I didn't know about this at the beginning of my whole journey on the lane that you ladies have been on is glyphosate and how this product is all over, like everything we eat, any wheat product, any, any pasta.


And he was making the point that there's, that's, it's one of the reasons why there's such a difference between the pasta we get at our grocery store and the ones you get when you go to Italy and have in a restaurant there and the way you feel when it's done. But stuff is over almost everything It is. And it's, it's pervasive and unfortunately it's, it's making its way into every single thing we eat. It's in wheat, it's in oats, you're finding it in all of major products like Cheerios and, and it's becoming such an issue that it's a pesticide. Yes, correct. So it, it is the main chemical that is coupled with GMO seeds.


So Monsanto, who created these patented seeds, corn, soy, canola, sugar beets, all of those seeds are, are able to withstand heavy doses of this chemical glyphosate. And that is really problematic because glyphosate is now been implicated to cause non, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bladder cancer, autoimmune disorders, leaky gut fertility issues. There's so many things that can be linked back to the uses of glyphosate in our environment. And it's literally ending up in breast milk, in sperm, in our tissues, in our body.


And so there's something that's gotta be done. You know, back about 10 years ago, we started this huge campaign to label genetically engineered ingredients because of this widespread use of glyphosate. Before when you looked at a package or a product, you couldn't turn it around and see that it was bio-engineered to avoid some of these chemicals. Now you can But it took a lot of work to get that done. And you know, during that process I was actually targeted by Monsanto and the other chemical companies in a widespread disinformation campaign as A Food activist. And just on Friday they released that there was a private social network actually being funded by taxpayer money to prevent and to downplay the risks of pesticides getting out to the public.


The former communications director of Monsanto now Bayer was in charge of this and they had profiles on any person that would speak about, out about these issues or wanted GMO labeling. You know, I protested in front of the Secretary of Agriculture under President Obama Tom Sack at, at the D-N-C-A-A about this issue. And they had a huge profile on me, including my parents' phone number and address my address, you know, personal information to target me. And this is just coming out and this just goes to show you how much they wanna keep the public in the dark about these chemicals that are being sprayed on our food.


And it's across the United States where several other countries, again in Europe and elsewhere regulate these chemicals a lot differently. And that's one of the reasons why people always say, when I go to Europe, I feel so good eating their food because it just has a tremendous less amount of chemicals than they do here in the United States on a day-to-day basis. Yeah. 'cause I, I can understand, okay, buy organic fruits and vegetables because they spray those for insects. I, I mean honestly it didn't even occur to me that like your pasta may be covered in pesticides because of the way they grow wheat. I mean I like literally, this is a new thought to me. Holy cow. Now it makes more sense, but that's why it's not a nanny state problem.


You can't get away from these, these pesticides and these chemicals and these toxins. I mean you can, but it's so hard. It's if everything were in your face, this is what we put in our product, this is what you need to be aware you're consuming. That would be one thing. But that's one of your big things, Vannie, is you're like, put some labels on there. Even our beer, I know you've been fighting to get beer companies to tell, I mean basically we're gonna have to spend a minute before we wrap this up on what can we eat and drink because there's just hidden dangers in so many foods and drinks. Well the first thing you need to start with is real food. Food that comes from the earth.


Whole foods, things that you would find at the farmer's market that has been unadulterated by the food industry. Not in a plastic package, not in a box. And if you start there and you make the majority of your diet, those types of foods, fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, dairy, meat, you would, beans you will be tremendously so much healthier. And when I did that, I went off nine prescription drugs and felt better than I've ever felt in my life for most of my life. I've been walking around like a zombie. I had two surgeries in my early twenties and finally hit rock bottom. And when I switched to real food without added synthetic pesticides, without the preservatives, without the chemicals, is when I started to feel so much better and realize a life that I never thought was possible.


And this is one of the reasons why I started my company Truvan and to change the food industry from the, from the inside out. Because I wanted to create products without toxins. I wanted to have labels without lies. I wanted to have real food without added chemicals. And I want every single American food company to move that way as well because Americans are dying faster than ever. We're the sickest nation. But we have a quote, you know, quote unquote the best healthcare. We don't, we have sick care and we have to do something different. So you Grace talked to among others, you talked to Dr. Kate Shanahan, who I love, and she's the one who first told me about seed oils and how to get those out of my life.


And it's been hard, but I have to say like if you really pay attention, you can do it. You can do it. And you talk to Dr. Thomas Sreed, is that how you pronounce it, of Boston? Boston College. And he, he talked to you about this, you know, the issue of cancer. And you have a bunch of sound bites in the, in the documentary you did with people saying it's probably genetic, right? Like most cancers are probably genetic and you spoke with this doctor who kind of put that on its head. Yeah, I mean it all comes back to this ideological dogma that we have begun to believe, which is that all of these chronic diseases are genetic and random and out of our control.


And really the reason why this is the prevalent belief right now is not because it's the most supported by evidence, it's actually hindered our ability to find the so-called cure for these diseases. Like when's that gonna happen? Who knows And, it actually is sending a message that your health is out of your control, but you know it's in your doctor's hands. And guess who the doctor is going to give that control over to big pharma and all of the pharmaceutical kind of companies that are going to then give you their drugs. And so that's what I realized was actually happening because I came into the whole research journey believing that cancer is a genetic disease. I was like, well that sucks that I guess I can't do much for it, but maybe, maybe there is like something more to it.


And the deeper I dug, the more I realized as I was learning from incredible people like Dr. Thomas Siegfried and Dr. Kate Shanahan who have been shunned by the scientific community as pseudoscience just because they're pursuing a different theory, which is that it's not genetically based and that it actually could have origin from mitochondrial dysfunction, which would be impacted by our lifestyle factors. So again, it goes back to it's in your control. And that's when I was like, whoa, there is so much more to this. We have this really strongly held belief in something that isn't really that supported by research. And so I was felt it was extremely important that I was able to highlight Dr. Thomas Creed's work because he is showing how we can actually reverse stage four glioblastoma, which is super intense and gruesome.


And most of the time you end up dying from that with the ketogenic diet paired with surgery. That's crazy. Instead of also having to do standard therapy, chemotherapy, you know, and also radiation, which is just being completely brutalized. And we just accept it as that's the way it is. 'cause no one's actually asking questions nor do they feel responsible for their health. So that's kind of what I bring it back to every time. You know, it's funny because it reminds me, we've had a doctor on the show a couple times named Dr. Dale Bredesen and he's been jumping up and down about this when it comes to dementia and Alzheimer's saying the, there there is a cure. Like stop, stop telling people that they're just gonna have to get this if they have the bad genes or if they have it in their family that you can eat differently.


He's a big fan of keto. You can sleep differently, you can detoxify your home, your world, but you just have to educate yourself. And nothing's a guarantee. But that we don't have to just wait until we have dementia symptoms, then be like, oh, well hope they invent a cure. We can start the cure right now. Can I ask you before I go back Tovan about Halloween grace, because you're, you're still young, you're still 18 and most, a lot of us are parents and we're like, that's like, this is like your hell. You guys must, you guys must be like, oh my god, what are we doing? I call it the, the, I call it the holiday death aisle when I go down the grocery store and you see Halloween candy, it's the holiday death aisle and they they repeat it.


Yes, it's Halloween, then it's Christmas, then it's Easter, then it's Valenti Easter. It's the whole thing. It's the holiday death aisle. Yes. So how, what, I mean since you're closer to our children's ages, grace, how exactly would you suggest we navigate that when it comes to our children? Yeah, that's, I'm gonna steal that line from Yvonne. That's great. I mean, you know, I would say that you've got to start by giving them something real because kids, if they've been fed all of these crappy ultrapro foods their whole life, they don't actually really desire anything real because that's what they, they think food is.


And so, I mean, I'm a little whole old to go trick or treating now, but I do take my nieces with me and they know, I mean, I'm that annoying aunt where I'm like, so Tate tell me what's in that Kit Kat? And she's like, well, I, I don't know. I'm like, why don't we try to figure it out? Like, and then I'll, I'll do things where I'll like pick up a rock. I'm like, what do you think this is made of? Like would you eat this? Do you wanna just put things in your mouth that you don't actually understand what is within that? And so then it's really just getting people to think like, you just gotta be like, Hey, let's wake up guys. I mean I'm, I'm in a college dorm now and I'm trying to convince all of my dorm mates to stop eating Kraft mac and cheese.


It kills me. I they pour out the cheese concentrate. I'm like, what the heck is cheese concentrate? Does anyone truly know? No, they have no clue. And so it's, I mean, I, I don't care. I'm already labeled the health food girl and people know that. But you know, I, I already kind of changed the snack landscape of our food and I'm just gonna keep trying to make small level change like that, especially within school cafeterias. That is a really big focus of mine. I think as parents we can, we can basically just say, do your trick or treating, understand, enjoy that night and the bag magically disappears a day or two later. What do you think? vni? So no, no, here's what we do at my house.


So I have a 3-year-old and I have a 7-year-old. And so we have the switch switch that comes and she's been coming since my daughter started trick or treating. So it's been five years or so. So part of the tradition and because she's, you know, the daughter of the food babe, she knows about all this stuff. So she, she knows about chemicals and food and ingredients and we always swap out a lot of the toxic versions for the healthier less, you know, ingredient intensive versions. So there's some great brands out there. What? Yeah, so tell me Unreal. Yeah, unreal is a great brand to try. I Reels love, I love the coconut res. Yes. And they make a, a, a, like a a a lookalike for Snickers, which I love, you know, and then they have m and ms that are unreal.


Yep. They have peanut butter cups that are unreal. Like Justin's peanut butter cups. I love Yum. Earth. They'll make lolly pups and little like gummies and jelly beans and things like that. So there's so many different options. That's, and I actually have a lot, that's the swaps on my website and on my Instagram page. And I'll be posting those as now it's, we're entering October, but the switch, which will come right after Halloween ends and they put in all the bad candy and the switch, which broom goes faster if it's even worse, like the worst of the worst candy in there. So they know, we go through and we talk about the ingredients, we put it back in their basket, we leave it by the door. And in the morning when they wake up the night after Halloween, the switch witch brings a toy, a toy, a coloring book, something fun.


It's like Christmas for that. All right, now I got news for you as now the mother of a 15-year-old, 13-year-old and 11, it gets harder, right? Because they're like, Hey, you know, Maybe it's a gift card, I don't care. It's delicious. Right? And like, but how about that? Because as I listen to all of this, I think these are all great changes to start making in our lives and we can do a lot of this and we can really change the way we eat. But my own feeling is, but we can still have Halloween and we, we can have, we can have chocolate birthday cake. Like we can do some things here or there that are, you know, that aren't gonna completely wreck it. Am I wrong on that, Bonnie? No, I don't think you should poison the neighborhood children, at least at your house. I think you should choose some artificial free dye.


My home is going to be egged. No, no, no, it's not. There are really yummy things out there. It's an apple. You can go to Apple to Sprouts, you can go to Whole Foods, you can go to Trader Joe's and find any of this stuff there. Even Costco has it now. I mean those unreal, you know, little coconut bars that you like, they have huge boxes of those at Costco that you could give out at Halloween. So I don't think, I don't, I think you're gonna be surprised. I think kids are gonna really like it. Okay. I love Lesser Evil has a little bag of popcorn, you know, made with coconut oil, three ingredients, really delicious. I mean, and then giving out like little waters and things like that when kids are running around the neighborhood, they appreciate that kind of stuff. So there's always a different thing that you could, you know, vote with your dollars at your own house.


Now if you decide to let go and eat, you know, whatever the Butterfinger, you know, that's, that's on you, Megan, but you know, It's, I definitely am gonna eat a Butterfinger here or there. I can't go full hog. What's the point of living? I like a little, little badness, but maybe in a year after I'm on the same journey where I don't have any of the hateful hate inside of me. I will feel about it the way you guys do. Where it's like, I would never let that touch my lips. Right now I'm still like, I'm, I'm an abuser, you know, I'm a user still, but I'm telling you there is, I definitely will steal some of that candy. There Is an alternative for almost every single person's like, you know, craving, I believe because I tell you the Food babe lifestyle and Grace, I know you too because I've, I've had dinner with you, but we don't, we don't have a life of of deprivation.


We're eating real food. We're having things made with real ingredients. We're eating ice cream, we're having pie, you know, we're having cake, but we're just eating it with real ingredients. And that's what we need to get back to is we need to eliminate the chemicals from our diet and go back to real foods because real things taste amazing. I mean, I think about my Truvan bar that I created called The Only Bar. We're using ingredients that you would find in your own kitchen. We're sweetened it with maple syrup. Something you would find in your own, you know, refrigerator. And that's what we need to get back to. Here's what you need to do, Ivanni. Here's what you need to do. You need to connect with like a billionaire like Nicole Shanahan, she's RFK J'S running mate. And you guys need to come up with a grocery store chain that actually is Whole Foods, unlike the one that goes by that name.


Now you can call it Real Foods or something. And the only thing that's in there has been blessed by the Food babe, by you Grace, by like people who are at that hearing who actually care about what's being sold. Like it would just make life so much easier for the rest of us if we knew someone who's educated on this stuff had done the pre-screen and then we could just go shop there. Will you please do that? Please? I will invest in it. I've been asked that so many times, Megan. Yeah, it's, yeah, maybe, maybe in the future we'll see. Oh, that's fine. Grace, what about you? You got your whole life ahead of you. This would be a great way for you to make money and you could study it in college and I bet you I could get you all sorts of investors to get behind you.


I Love it. I'll add it as a side project. You know, no big deal. You're probably actually capable of doing that. You guys, thank you both so much. I love the information and I really appreciate you putting so much effort into this so the rest of us can be the beneficiaries of your good work. And don't forget, go to food babe.com, right? Bonnie food babe.com. That's right to sign that petition. And let's remind Kellogg's who's in charge. All the best to you both. Thank you. Thank you Megan. Okay, so don't forget food babe.com, go ahead and do it. Just put your name on there, screw you Kellogg's for poisoning our children. That's my opinion. The Maha movement is growing, right?


I mean this, this is all part of Make America Healthy again. We've talked in Nicole Shanahan, we of course talked to RFKJ. Many times we've spoken with these two amazing women. We watched that hearing, brought you some highlights. Please, please, please, like stay informed on this stuff. No matter what happens in the, in this presidential election. This is real. Casey means we're gonna get Cali on this. This stuff is important. It's important for your wellness, for your children's wellness, for you having a long and prosperous life And, it is gonna require some work of us all. But I feel like if we do it together over the next year, a year from now, we're all gonna feel better and be living better and better longer, which is great. Okay, let me know what you think.


Email me, Megan, M-E-G-Y-N at m Kelly dot com. See you next time. Thanks for listening to the Megyn. Kelly. Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


Some things are obvious. Water is wet. All roads lead to somewhere and paying half price for pizza is better than paying full price. This week at Domino's is half off. Pizza week. Get 50% off all menu price. Domino's Pizzas what's for dinner? The choice is obvious. Get half off pizza at Domino's during half off pizza week now until October 6th. Select this offer online only at participating locations, prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Offer applies to pizza portion of your order only.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded, the next business day or sooner. Loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and serviced by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.