
Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days. Whether it's a rugged new passport pilot with available all-wheel drive or powerful ridgeline, turn your dream Honda into reality during Happy Honda days. For a limited time, well-qualified buyers can get a 1.9% a PR and a 2025 Honda passport and a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 pilot or ridgeline. See Dealer for financing details.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. In this am special episode where we take a Deep Dive this morning into Pete Hegseth and the allegations against him. I'm just gonna tell you how I'm feeling at this moment. I took a Deep Dive into the police department report the police report involving this woman's allegations against him out in Monterey, California.


And I need a shower. It's all so seedy and gross. And I. Wish I had not had to spend. Spend the last couple of hours doing this


with the holidays approaching. Here's a gift to make your loved ones feel special. Cozy Earth this year wrap your family in ultimate comfort and enjoy peaceful nights starting with the right sheets. Cozy earth's bamboo sheet set offers everyday luxury everyone will love. It's the gift of unparalleled comfort making. Every night a ser escapee for holiday pajamas. Cozy earth's women's bamboo pajama set and men's pajamas are must haves. They're stylish, super soft and perfect for cozy mornings or lazy evenings by the fire. What sets Cozy Earth apart? They're temperature regulating fabrics. They keep you cool and cozy. Plus they offer a 10 year warranty. So these gifts will last for many holidays to come. Wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth. Head to Cozy Earth dot com slash megan and use my code Megan for up to 40% off your order. Just go to Cozy Earth dot com slash megan and if you get a post-purchase survey, say you heard about Cozy Earth from Megan Kelly,


four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending, and who's paying the price? Now you are. You might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back. You might barely be able to keep food on the table. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy or loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head to head with creditors getting balances, reduced interest rates, slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and to put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even consider making another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


I'm gonna give you my bottom line before we get going. This allegation should not tank his nomination. It was not enough to cause the police to bring charges. They're not saying why, but obviously they thought they had proof problems because they would've brought the charges otherwise. And it's not fair to cause him a position like this based on an unsubstantiated accusation. It doesn't become more substantiated because it wound up in a police report maybe slightly more because she's at least taking the risk of You know potentially perjuring herself when she goes down this lane lane. But not much.


But the whole thing is just so gross. And what it does show, like the parts that Pete admits just kind of gross. I'm sorry. I'm gonna be honest. It's just gross and it's brought up Pete's, I guess Achilles heel, which is his marital relationships. I mean the bottom line is he, he's cheated on every wife he's ever had and he's had many, he's had three wives. He's on number three. And just got, got into the reporting about Pete, just FYI. So You know he had a first marriage that ended after he had an affair with a female or colleague then that was his first wife, Meredith Schwartz.


She filed for divorce. He admitted to the infidelity December, 2008. Okay, that didn't work out. It happens. Then he moved on to his second wife, Samantha, and they had three kids and he cheated on her too with a woman who worked on Fox and Friends, which we all knew at Fox at the time. And that second wife Samantha, filed for divorce. The divorce filing is dated one month after Pete and this Fox news producer, Jen Roche had a child. So he cheated on wife number two and got the affair partner pregnant, the affair partner being the Fox and friends producer.


That woman had the baby and a month later his second wife filed for divorce. That is the woman he's with now. He married Jen, the Fox and friends producer and she, yes, she gave birth to their child in August the second wife filed for divorce. I guess it would've been September of 17. And while Jen Roche was home with their newborn baby, Pete went to this conference in Monterey, California in October and admits to having sex with this woman.


He did not know who was his handler at the conference. It's not good. Like let's not kid ourselves. If I were a Democratic senator, I would kill him with this. I I could like the cross-examination I would do at his confirmation hearing would be absolutely brutal. And. it would include a posting he did online of himself and Jen wife. Number three in November of 17, the two of them with their arms around each other looking loving and him posting grateful. Now keep in mind in this picture, Pete knows he's been accused by this woman of rape a month earlier whom he admits he had sex with while Jen here on the right was home nursing their baby and wife number two had just left him or just just filed for divorce.


It's not good, okay? There is no reason in pretending otherwise because we like Pete and his anti woke stance and what he might do for the military. It really comes down to does character matter for the guy leading the military? Does it matter for the commander in chief to Trump's moral failings? Stop him from being a good commander in chief? I don't think so. I mean, I just don't think we're just not living in those days anymore. I've voted for him notwithstanding that stuff, but I'm not gonna lie. You put it up, up close and and personal in my face.


And, I think, ah, like one you can understand things went wrong. Even two, I don't know. He is a military vet. He went through a lot. It's like all three wives, they all got, alright, that's that, okay, that's, I almost feel like it's none of my business to be perfectly honest with you. And we probably wouldn't be talking about it like right now on this show if it weren't for this other allegation, which is bringing up his personal behavior. And I like Pete And I. I considered him a friend when I was at Fox. So it feels slightly like a betrayal to even go there. But that's my job. That's my job. He's been nominated for a very important position. I'm gonna do my job and we're gonna go through this fairly point number two, having read the Monterey Police report, I don't believe this woman, I'm, I may prove to be wrong and if I am wrong, I apologize to her for prejudging her story in a way that she'll consider unfair.


But I just gotta be honest, I don't believe her and I'm gonna walk you through why I don't believe her. There's just too many inconsistencies in her story. And I, we actually learned a bit more of her story 'cause I read it personally. I mean it's, it's a big report. I mean you can see I've highlighted the whole thing and tab the whole thing some, there's some things in here the mainstream media's not telling you, and we'll get to what those things are. Hat, hat tip, by the way, to Mediaite, which is the one that got the records first. Now we all have them, okay? The alleged rape occurred on overnight, Saturday to Sunday, October 7th, 2017.


It was a Saturday into Sunday, right? So let's just call it Sunday, right? The eighth where the actual interlude occurred. The meeting began late on Saturday the seventh. It was not until Thursday the 12th that she went to the police and reported this. So that's Sunday night in the wee hours this allegedly happened. She went all day Sunday, all day Monday, all day Tuesday, all day Wednesday and then Thursday, which is five days before she claimed it was rape and spoke with the police.


That can happen. A woman can be traumatized, a woman can have real fear about coming forward, especially against a public figure. And in the initial report she was, she was asking at least when she got examined by this nurse not to name him. And then ultimately she did. But the story she's telling is bizarre. I'll give it to you in a narrative form. As best I, as I can recall before we go through the police report, she's alleging that they met at, she was his handler for this conservative woman's conference where he spoke and that after the fact, there was a celebration in the presidential suite, which was a bunch of suites kind of together opened up to be together and a bunch of people were there and Pete was there and was having a good time.


I guess they met there And then they all, well a group of them went downstairs to the Knuckles bar in the Hyatt Regency out in Monterey, and she admits to having one glass of champagne, And I believe that's all. She was seen by multiple people there and on videotape later by police. And every single person says she did not appear drunk in any way or intoxicated or drugged, et cetera. Not at the Knuckles Bar, not when they walked from the Knuckles bar back to Pete's room, which is what she Jane Doe. And he did that. She in fact was seen looking completely together and smiling and locked arms with him.


She was seen twice on camera after leaving Knuckles bar, locking arms with Pete and smiling that Pete seemed visibly intoxicated, however, and he admitted to the police that while he says he did not have heart alcohol, he had multiple beers, they went back to Pete's hotel room. They both agree on that and they had a sexual encounter. She says non-consensual. He says consensual, but no one's disputing. It happened. She appears to have gotten back to his room around two in the morning, two in the morning, and she got back home to her hotel room in which her husband and children were staying within two hours from 2:00 AM to 4:00 AM That is when the interlude happened.


And then she went back into her marital bed in that hotel room at 4:00 AM what she told the police and the nurse who examined her was that the whole night was spotty. She started to lose memory and that she believed she may have been drugged when, when, because you're on camera walking to his room and you seemed fine more than that. There was some sort of an argument between the two of you. We don't know it about what she says it was. It was over his quote, treatment of women. He had been allegedly coming onto other women that night at 1:30 AM That's what the police were. It says 1:30 AM They were seen by the pool outside.


This is in between knuckles in his hotel room having a, an argument. So loud, two different hotel guests. Guests called security about it. They were confronted by security of some sort and they would later describe her as seeming totally together and not in any way intoxicated. And Pete would later deny that he was belligerent in any way and he doesn't appear to remember this exchange. Then right after that they go back to his room. So clearly if she'd been slipped to Mickey, as they say, there were absolutely no effects of it. At one 30 when she was walking him, well, like when she left Knuckles or at one 30 when she was spotted by security and talked to by them and she was home within two and a half hours in her marital bed.


And by the way, the husband told the police, he did not think that she seemed You know dizzy or stumbling or intoxicated. So it appears by most accounts, by all accounts, this woman was sober. I guess not all her own, is that she was somehow drugged and doesn't remember anything. She doesn't remember anything like she doesn't remember when she, when she seemed totally together and other women who were her colleagues who saw her at Knuckles were like, she was fine at one 30. She was fine when she got home at 4:00 AM she was fine. When, when did he drug her in? No place here. Did they allege he gave her a drink back at his room. Maybe it happened. It's just not in here. Doesn't appear in this huge thing.


Moreover, if she were drugged the next morning, you would expect she would be saying, oh my God, something happened to me. I don't know what it was. My memory's hazy. I went back to this guy's room. Very sketchy. Most women I think would go get a drug test. Now we know why no drug test was done during the sexual assault exam because she didn't go until days later. She didn't go right after. And in fact, what she did was attend more conference events and she was seen at those conference events and an eyewitness said she seemed perfectly fine, not even hungover. Now, none of that supports her story. None of that supports her story. What Pete says is that they went back to the room, she was the aggressor.


They were in his room. She didn't, he didn't totally understand why she wasn't leaving. He, she was not the target of his affections. Earlier in the evening, he admits there might've been another woman he was looking at which jives with some of the accuser story that he was putting his hands on the leg of somebody who didn't want it. But he said he had never considered Jane Doe as a target of his affection. And then there she was in his hotel room and he thinks it's coming onto him and that the next thing he knew they were, they were getting together and he says every step of the way, while there were protestations between both of them of we shouldn't be doing this and now we know why. PE had another woman, his girlfriend, the mother of his new born baby back in New York and she had her husband down the hall despite that, that they per proceeded anyway and were You know moving forward intimately.


He, he remembers the talk about her asking if he had a condom and he said No, and we don't have to go forward if that's a problem for you. And she said it's not a problem that they did not culminate the act, shall we say, in the fashion that would be more likely to create a baby. I'm trying not to go r rated on you, but that he did sort of the old fashioned method of withdrawal. Forgive me, this is raunchy. And there's some pieces of this story that jive too, where she says she remembers his dog tags when she was looking up at him and he admitted to the police he was wearing his dog tags.


She, he, he, he says, he remembers her saying, I'm gonna tell my husband that I fell asleep in a coworker's room and that has a ring of truth to me, right? Like that she, if she were doing, having an affair with this guy, this unexpected interlude, she'd be in a panic. He said to the police he could sense early signs of regret. Hello. I'll bet. And that has the ring of truth that she was in a panic that she came up with a lie to tell the husband and that she left within two hours of walking into that room. I, there's more, I'm gonna go through it with you now and you're gonna be able to draw your own conclusions about whether this woman is telling the truth.


Because I'll tell you something, if Pete remains the nominee for Department of Defense, you're gonna know this report like the back of your hand. 'cause again, some democratic senator is going to walk us through it live right in front of him and it's possible this woman will speak out. It's possible that she'll give an interview on camera. It feels unfair to Pete. I've gotta say what appears to me to have happened is he had a one night affair. I guess, I don't know. I mean as I, I guess I shouldn't be assuming he was totally with Jen Rashe who had just given birth to his baby, even though he had the picture of her a month later on his Insta saying grateful. So I do think they were together, but well, okay, maybe he says they weren't.


Maybe she was just giving birth to his baby and they weren't whatever, but, but trying to prove a rape where the cops did not see one prove him provable, it just feels grossly unfair. I'm gonna take you through it so you'll know the allegations and frankly the weaknesses in it. They say in this report, which is dated October 13th, 2017, that Jane Doe was at the Hyatt consuming alcohol with coworkers in the early morning of ten eight, which was that Sunday Doe was not sure but believed something may have been slipped in her drink. She cannot remember most of the night's events.


Later she would say that it was a glass of champagne she drank. She remembers being in one of her coworkers hotel rooms and and remembers having the sex act culminate. Do could not remember whether or not any penetration occurred, but believe she was sexually assaulted at that time. Alright, so that's the initial story. It's not quite as detailed. Then we get a supplemental report which documents the officer's contact with an ER nurse who examined doe. This person writes, on 10 12 17, I was dispatched to a phone call for an alleged sexual assault. The reporting party was an ER nurse who works for Kaiser Permanente.


The person was reporting Jane Doe had come into the ER and requested a sexual assault or rape exam be done for something that had occurred at the Hyatt. This person didn't have any other information regarding the incident other than it occurred in Monterey. Again, this is 10 12 that she went in to see the nurse for an exam, which was Thursday. The alleged sexual assault happened overnight. Saturday to Sunday they say she was at the Hyatt. She was attending this Republican Women's Conference. She was drinking at the hotel after the conference and remembers approaching Pete Hegseth, who was a speaker at the convention and commented on how she did not appreciate how he treated women. Doe then remembers leaving the hospitality room and going to a hotel room.


She sees the suspect, HEGs and remembers his dog tag necklace. Doe then remembers Hegseth reaching climax on her. Hegseth told Doe to clean it up. Doe then found her way back to her own hotel room. Hegseth and Doe were at the hotel attending this conference. Doe was at an after party event. Oh, this is just repeating one of the earlier reports. Okay, moving forward I tab the relevant pages. Here's another one, A supplemental report. Again, doctor documenting more follow-up. Additional investigation and involvement In this case, this person reviewed all the reports associated with this case and learned that the victim had reported being sexually assaulted at the Hyatt Regency, blah, blah, blah.


They go over it. Jane Doe stated she had consumed a small amount of champagne at the after party. Jane Doe does not remember drinking hard alcohol. Jane Doe stated Hegseth was at the after party. Several people had attended the after party and people were coming and going from sweet to sweet. Jane Doe stated most of the members wanted to talk to her because she was an advocate and was very busy talking with members of the federation. Jane Doe stated she remembered going to the knuckle sports bar. Knuckle sports bar is attached to the hotel. She was with a group of women. When she attended the bar, she stated that's when things got fuzzy, okay? That's when things got fuzzy. She says, you're going to hear testimony that nobody saw her looking anything close to intoxicated at any point after this.


And they did look and there was videotape. So now she's saying things got fuzzy at knuckles. She remembered being at the bar with so and so and so and so, and Hegseth was also there by so and so. The names are black blacked out. Jane Doe remembered being handed one drink by the bartender, but does not remember how many alcoholic beverages she had. Okay? We don't know. All she can tell us for sure is a glass of champagne and no hard alcohol. Jane Doe said she had consumed much more than normal alcoholic beverages throughout the day. I think as the whole day went on. She's the, the only thing she remembers about that night was the champagne.


She stated that she observed Hegseth acting inappropriately with the women at the conference, that he would rub the women on their legs and she thought it was inappropriate. She had texted blank, we think this is her husband that Hegseth was giving off a creeper vibe. Might not be her husband, might've been her friend for that particular text. The women thought Hegseth was dreamy, not her, but women. She was observing and wanted pictures with him. Jane Doe stated she had also taken a picture with him earlier in the day. She stated she remembered walking outta the bar and assumed Hegseth followed her because she argued with Hegseth near the pool. The argument was about heg Seth's actions with the women at the conference. She remembered Hegseth telling her he was a nice guy already.


This is very strange. I mean, I've been to a million of these. I've been the guest speaker at a million of these and your handler does not argue with you over your behavior. Granted, my behavior's never been even close to untoward, but this is already overly personal on her part. On her part. What, what position is she in start lecturing Pete Hegseth about his, like, he's a grown man. She's not his mommy for the night at at best. She's the person who makes sure he gets into his, his hotel room safely. But even that's weird. Again, I've had handlers at all these events. They do not make sure you get into your hotel room. The only person who does that for me is Abigail Fein, because she knows I'm basically a nomad without her, she will make sure I get from A to B.


It's, it's like I'm like a toddler without her. If she's there, if she's not there, I'm a grownup. And I know what to do. But in her presence, she's so much more competent than I am anyway. It's very strange to have a stranger have this kind of power and control over a grown man. You know a military vet, a combat vet, what's happening here and then arguing with him over his, the way he touched somebody's leg inappropriately. What the f she stated, the next memory she had was when she was in an unknown room. She's all fuzzy. She remembers nothing. She got fuzzy back at Knuckles. Then there was an argument then she remembers being in an unknown room. She said she did not know where she was or how she got to the room.


She can't remember how she got there. Now, HEG s was in the room with her. Jane Doe remembered having her phone and Hegseth inquired to whom Jane Doe was texting. Hegseth took her phone from her hands. This is interesting because she has a text that ends mid-sentence that's interesting. This is Jane doe's memory. She was that he, he took her phone from her hands. Jane Doe stated she got up and tried to leave the room, but Hegseth blocked the door with his body. Jane Doe remembered saying no a lot that, that's very convenient. Jane Doe stated she did not remember much else, couldn't remember anything other than definitely a lot of nos and everything was fuzzy and he blocked the door.


Jane doe's. Next memory was when she was on a bed or a couch and Hegseth was over her. The dog tags were hovering over her face. He was bare chested. She does not know if his shirt was completely off. She did not notice any tattoos, scars, or other marks on his body. We actually went back and looked because we all know Pete has a bunch of tattoos on his chest. That became an issue in 2021 when they, they gave him a hassle for being a white supremacist, allegedly the Biden inauguration. Long story, but he did not appear to have those tattoos in 2017. So it is consistent that when they had their interlude, he was not tatted up. Jane Doe stated she had seen Hegseth fully knew during the incident. The next memory she had was when Hex Hef that I told you about that part before.


He asked her, are you okay? The last memory she remembered was walking into her room, like back to her room and getting into bed with blank. We're assuming that's the, the husband Jane Doe stated she does not remember how she got back to her room. Okay, so she does not remember where she was, how she got to the room. The room was unknown to her though. She remembers trying to leave. She remembers saying no, and she remembers the dog tags him throwing a towel at her and asking, are you okay? Then she walked to her room. She got into bed, but she doesn't remember how she got back to her room. How did she, okay, how did You know? She walked to her room. Then Jane Doe stated she woke up in the morning and took a shower before going to work.


The incident involving Hegseth did not dawn on Jane Doe until she was back at her home on Monday. It didn't dawn on her. What do you mean? What do you mean it didn't dawn on her? She had no memory of it. Like she didn't know that she'd been drugged. She didn't know there's zero chance. The husband did not say to her, where were you? I was texting you. I got up out of bed to go look for you. Which these texts, which I'm gonna read you show. You tell me ladies, whether well you're texting with your husband at 2:00 AM Then you magically disappear in a hotel room when you've already been telling him you're with a guy who might be like a, a guy who comes on to women.


You magically disappear for two hours. Then you come in and the next morning he's not gonna ask you where you were for those two hours. And by the way, he had been so worried about you. He got up and he went down to the knuckles bar looking for you. But no, he's fine. It, there's absolutely no issue. He, he doesn't even ask you about it. Nothing occurs to you. You, it did not dawn on Jane Doe that the incident had occurred until the next day on Monday. This is, I'm sorry, this smells like utter bullshit. All of this sounds much more consistent with a woman who had a booty call, which was incredibly ill-advised for all sorts of reasons, not least of which was her husband was down the hall with her children and then she went into a damn panic.


That's what it smells like to me. Maybe I'm wrong. If this woman would like to sit with me and tell me her story, I will approach it with a kind and loving and open mind. As I have every woman who's made accusations like this in my space and and on my show. And I will ask her these tough questions gently and appropriately, but they will get asked and she has that open invitation. Okay, so here we are on Monday when it's, the incident is now occurring to her. Now she realizes she had sex. Oh no, now she had sex with blank blank. Now we think blank is her husband who doesn't get named by name in this whole thing.


I mean, let's hope otherwise this whole thing took a really weird turn that wasn't highlighted appropriately. The sexual encounter with blank triggered her memory of the incident with Hegseth. Jane Doe stated that she used a condom when she had sex with blank because blank blank blank, blank blank. We don't know why she used a condom with her husband and that's who I'm assuming this is four days later on Thursday night, four days after that Monday, Jane Doe went to the hospital because she believed she was sexually assaulted by Hegseth. Okay, my, my head hurts. My head hurts. Are your, is your head, is your head hurting yet?


The husband allegedly didn't press her on where she was. She didn't remember anything about the incident. When they woke up on You know, later that morning on Sunday, she went to the conference and was seen by others looking fine and not hungover. She goes home with a husband on Monday. She has sex with a husband. Again, a presumption. They use a condom. Why would, why she, there's some long explanation that's been blacked out. It doesn't seem like that's their norm. And then as they're having sex, it comes back to her that she was sexually assaulted by Hegseth and then she waits from that Monday morning, four more days to go in and report it to go to the hospital.


I believe, I believe she and the husband were arguing about this for the whole week and that the husband suspected her and that it got to the point where she had to quote prove to him by doing this and so she went to the hospital. That's my, that's a guess It's my Meg Kelly's supposition not proven in here, but this story doesn't make sense otherwise. She realized on Monday she'd been sexually assaulted and she sat there like on Monday. There could still could have been evidence on her even though she'd taken a shower. You never know. Go, go. Why wouldn't you go in? Why would it take those four days? There's no explanation for in her version why it took so long in her defense.


I guess you're wrestling with again with the fact that this is a very well known person. You're gonna unleash a shit storm in his life and yours. So he said, she said she's anticipating and she doesn't want the fight. None of that's in here though. None of that's in there. So she goes in for the exam. Jane Doe stated that she had been showering daily in between the alleged sexual assault and the Thursday when she got to the hospital, she stated that she had, forgive me here, graphic vaginal discharge and was di diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis. Then the nurse says, based on my training, I know that BV can be caused by having multiple sex partners or having a new sex partners, new sex partner.


While at the hospital, Jane Doe had the clothes that she wore on ten seven and appears to have given them to the police department. They had not been washed prior to giving them over. Then they conducted the sexual assault exam. I advised Jane Doe of her rights as a victim. I asked Jane Doe if she had the text messages between herself, And I, think her friend or her husband, somebody she said she did and she'd send them to me, asked her if she had a copy of the photo she took with Heg. Heg says she said she did and she would send it to me. Okay, now we have multiple pages of text messages and it's frustrating because we don't know. We don't know who these are between, obviously Jane Doe is on one half.


It looks like maybe a, it looks like her husband's on the other end of these, but You know take it with an asterisk because they blacked out the name. Okay? The following text messages were between blank and Jane Doe and the, this one's dated 8 7 20 17. So this is the wee hours of Sunday after the alleged or during the alleged assault. This is clearly the husband calling her 3:40 AM missed call 2 56. I read him in reverse order. 2:56 AM missed call 3:40 AM missed call.


We know from later in the reporting she gets back home to her hotel room with him around four. So she gets back. I guarantee you the guy was still up. I like, something is not right about the way they've told this story. Okay, moving on. This is earlier in the evening now. All right. With the husband, I think and the reason, one of the reasons we think it's him is there's a text in which he says it's okay and my wife, how are things there? So he is calling her my wife. This is one of the reasons we think it's the two of them. She says crazy. He writes still, there's not even any decisions being made. She responds with something that's been blacked out.


He writes back, oh boo. Well at least everyone loves you. She wrote, it's exhausting. Do You know Pete, Seth? This is earlier in the evening, writes back name. Sounds familiar. Who is he? She writes, he's a Fox contributor. I guess he does outnumbered and Fox and friends anyway are ladies. Anyway, our ladies are freaking drooling over him. Oh, okay. Responds to husband. He is TDB light mini TDB. Do not have any idea who that is or whether we're supposed to know who that is. Maybe it's some creep in their real life who they don't like. 'cause he responds. Oh, you mean the man who tried to have sex with my wife? Not a good first impression for Pete. I mean honestly, like what A chilling response by the husband.


Given what would happen later that night. You know his, his radar were up immediately just from the way she texted him and your instincts were spot on. One way or the other. My friend and she responded right then she sent him a picture of Pete giving his remarks. Then she writes, he doesn't look even remotely familiar, but apparently all the women know who he is and he responded. All the women watch Fox nonstop at my worst. I never came close to that. And she wrote back, he wears a ring on his pointer finger. It creeps me out. Ew responds, who we think is the husband. She writes, he talks pretty though, I'm going to be here all night.


It's awful. In the arena book by Pete Hegseth. He responds, God, they're all the same. She responds, ha ha ha. The whole next segment is blacked out, blacked out, blacked out. Then she writes to him, your male species, I can't understand. He responds, of course you can. We want your vaginas, you just don't like it. Okay? Starting to feel more sympathetic toward the woman's desire to stray what? I'm sorry, just kidding. But that's a ridiculous PO thing to say sir, and kind of gross. She responds accordingly with ew and he responds with exactly.


Then she says, okay, gotta run around for a while, text you when I can love you. Now don't forget, he's down the hall with their kids and he writes back, love you, exclamation point, think we can do s'mores or shall I continue winding them down. It seems like an obvious reference to do I get them hyped up on sugar or do I try to get the kids to bed? And she, it doesn't, it doesn't show her response. It moves on to a different part of the texting. She says, text you when I can love you. He responds back, love you. Then later she writes, Pete just ended. He writes, okay, and then sends her a heart. She sends back a winky face and writes, we are on our ways and means now.


He writes, oh no. And then she writes to him, hi baby, still at blank party. How's it going there? I sincerely hope you are sleeping. Now there's no timestamp right above this, but right below it it reads Sunday 12:35 AM I think it's very hard to read. It's like so faded. Looks like 12 35, 12, 12 15 or 1235. Can't totally tell am though. Alright, so it's just after midnight and she's texting him, hi baby. Right before this, right before 1225, she texts, hi baby, still at party. How's it going there? I sincerely hope you are sleeping.


I'm still at the little party. They're going strong. And then no response. And at 1215 or so, she writes to him again, okay, well I love you so much, I'm headed to the bar with the conservative women's crew ladies missing you. And then he responds, hi, beautiful. I did fall asleep but woke up, have fun, love you so much. Aw, poor guy. Then she responds, OMGI have so much to tell you. And he responds with a smiley. Then she writes, this Pete dude is a TBD tool, uhoh. He writes back, how's that? She writes, I'll tell you about it when I get back, hopefully soon.


He writes a heart and then adds Holy smokes lady. I don't remember the last time you were socializing at nearly 2:00 AM Nearly 2:00 AM She responds, ha ha ha. I know. I gotta make sure that foe FO. And then it ends. He writes, that foe doing okay my love worried about you. You see what's happening here. It's two in the morning. The husband's saying, what are you doing out this late? You're never out this late.


And she writes back, ha ha ha. Yeah, I'm out. I gotta make sure. And then the text drops, which does correspond potentially to her saying, Pete took her phone. And I think we know why And I think she wanted the phone to be taken. That's how this smells to me. You're gonna find out later that the husband got up and went down to knuckles. He was so worried. But here you see him, it's dawning on him. What's going on where he's saying, I don't remember last time you were socializing at 2:00 AM She writes back a message that appears to end mid-sentence doing okay, my love worried about you.


And then we see Sunday at 9:00 AM So this is, she's already come back. We know from later in the report she got back to her hotel room at four. So clearly she's seen him and she texts him, boo, my dumb watch was plugged in all night and it's only at 7% battery. I hope there's nothing wrong with it. And he writes back, writes back, uhoh, me too. And I. Think he says something like, it's not, it's not yet an old phone. So there we are. Just as of the next morning it doesn't appear that things have blown up yet. And we know from Pete's testimonial, she had allegedly said she was gonna tell the husband she fell asleep on a the couch in a friend's room.


There we are. Let's go on. Okay, back to the police reporting. On ten seven seventeen, Jane Doe was, okay, this is the cop having spoken with somebody who was there that night. Blank stated, he was at the Hyatt Regency with Jane Doe and he and Jane Doe are very close and wanted, oh maybe this is, is this the husband I spoke with blank via telephone blank provided me with the following information, blank stated, he was at the Hyatt Regency Hotel and Spa with Jane Doe and blank blank blank could be the kids and Jane Doe are very blank and Jane Doe are very close and wanted to be with his family.


Yeah, so this is the husband. Jane Doe had business at the hotel on ten seven. Jane Doe was busy at the conference, blank was in the hotel room, blank and blank. Stated Jane Doe had gone to their hotel room at approximately 5:00 PM while on a break, blank stated, Jane Doe did not seem intoxicated. Jane Doe had left the room and went back to work. Blank stated, Jane Doe was in communication with him via text messages. Blank stated he fell asleep and woke up on ten eight. At approximately midnight they texted some more and Jane Doe told him she was at the bar and out with the woman from the conference. At approximately 12:30 AM Jane Doe stopped texting blank blank was worried about Jane Doe. Blank was reading the news And.


it made him even more worried for Jane doe's safety at approximately 2:00 AM blank stated, he had left the room and went to look for Jane Doe at Knuckles Bar blank stated there was no one at the bar when he arrived on scene blank went back to his room. You with me? You saw the text earlier. My love you. You've never been out close to two before. What's going on? Where are you? And now here's blank telling the cops that at 2:00 AM he left the room and went to look for her. Okay, went down to Knuckles. No one was there At approximately 4:00 AM Jane Doe arrived at their hotel room.


This is per the husband, we assume to the cops access their room on her own and use the key card reader to get in. Jane Doe told blank that she must quote, must have fallen asleep. Jane Doe was apologetic. Blank noticed that Jane Doe did not have a hard time walking and was not slurring her words. That's it right there, folks. That's, that's why they did not bring charges. This is the husband. The cops are looking at text messages of the husband saying to her, you're never out this late. It's 2:00 AM. Then the text message cuts off and he says, where are, are you okay?


Are you okay? No response. And she was seen going to Pete Hess's room at one 30. So by two she's there. The communication with the husband clearly ends while she's in Pete's room. She doesn't respond to any of those texts. He gets up and looks for her and within two hours she's home at one 30 on the tape. She doesn't look intoxicated in the bar. She doesn't look intoxicated. And here we are at 4:00 AM with a husband saying she does not look intoxicated. She did not have a hard time walking. She was not slurring her words. She apologized. And what was the story? She told that she must have fallen asleep. The very same story that Pete Hegseth says.


She told him, she would tell the husband, Pete Hegseth and the husband are not talking, they're not coordinating stories. The cops spoke to Pete independently and Pete said it was consensual. And she was panicked. She had cheated on her husband and was gonna tell him this lie. They're simultaneously talking to the husband who says she came in, she didn't look drunk. That's my interpretation of him saying didn't have a hard time walking, was not slurring and tells him she must have fallen asleep. The very same lie that she told Pete, she would tell, that's it. I'm sorry this woman was not raped. This is a bullshit accusation. On Wednesday, ten seven, ten eleven, Jane Doe told blank that she was sexually assaulted.


Jane Doe did not tell blank many details. I mean, so now we're, now we, we come back Sunday morning, everything's fine. And she goes to the conference and the husband, I don't know what he knew at that point. Sunday or Monday morning, they're back home, they have sex and she asked 'em to use a condom. We don't know why By Wednesday or Thursday at least she's got some sort of issue going on down south in Rio. That later gets diagnosed as bv, which you can get when you have sex with a new partner, says the nurse. And on Wednesday, before she goes, the day before she goes to the exam, and by the way, it wasn't on Monday, they had all come back to her. Remember she had sex with the husband And. it came back to her. What happened? But it wasn't until Wednesday that she tells blank who we think is the husband that she was sexually assaulted did not tell blank.


Many details. I'll bet this is the cop on 10 18. That's Thursday. Now I spoke with Jane Dovey telephone. She told me that she had additional info. Jane Doe stated she remembered asking Hegseth if he had a condom when the incident occurred. Jane Doe stated she has been suffering from nightmares and memory loss since the incident. I mean, memory loss. I'm, I mean, I'll bet like when you tell a story this big of a whopper, if it's not true, you can't be pinned down on the details. You're gonna get caught. What, what choice do you have other than to feign? You've been drugged and everything's hazy. And. then I bet you did have some nightmares.


This is a nightmare scenario. This is like the worst case scenario. The poor husband on 10 18, I spoke to blank again. Husband blank wanted me to know that Jane Doe would cry secretly had very little energy, and outta the blue she would cry. Jane Doe had also bought new clothes because she wanted to make sure that her body is completely covered on 10 20. This is after she went to the hospital and the cops got involved. I contacted Jane Dovey telephone. I I asked her if she was willing, oh, this, you need, this is another huge piece of this that is, I haven't seen anywhere in the media. This is important. I meant to mention this. Up top on 10 20, which would've been Saturday, I contacted Jane Dove via telephone.


I asked her if she was willing to participate in a pretext phone call that involved Hegseth. Jane Doe stated she did not want to participate and stated it would be too hard for her to talk to Hegseth. Jane Doe began to cry while on the phone. Okay? They are asking her if she will call him up and say, Pete, what happened between us? I'm having bad memories. You raped me. I said, no a lot. You blocked the door when I tried to leave, you bruised my thigh.


I haven't seen that anywhere in here, by the way, I have not seen that in this police department, in this police report. That's what, that's what they're asking her to do. Get it on tape like we're, there's some inconsistencies in your story and PS his story lines up with that of your husband's. Could you call him and we'll tape it and that'll be great evidence. And she says, no. Now it is possible that a sexual assault or rape victim would not wanna call this Fox News star who had allegedly raped her. It is also very possible that she was not raped and she knew exactly what she'd get if she tried to pull that with him on the phone and that he would respond with a battery of facts of what actually happened.


And that you could hear potentially that he was a truth teller because a cop listening to both sides of that conversation would know, would know they have enough training and deception detection to know she refused to participate in a pretextual phone call. Okay? Then the cop talks about how he contacted the Hyatt to see if he could review the business camera locations. He wanted to see are they on tape? And he goes through what he saw on the tape. I found video surveillance footage that showed Jane Doe Hegseth and an unknown female walk into the hotel lobby and walk toward the Knuckles bar together. The camera timestamp was at, it was two minutes before midnight.


Two minutes before midnight, she was walking into Knuckles Bar. The three were walking straight and on their own. Okay, so here we are at midnight and she does not look visibly intoxicated. Somebody arrived on scene. I showed the video of Jane Doe and Hegseth walking in the lobby. Blank stated, he remembered the two. I think this is a bartender or somebody there blank provided me with the following information. Oh, it's a hotel worker. Blank was working the front counter at the hotel. He was working the night shift at approximately one 30 in the morning. Two separate guests in building four had called the front desk to complain about a couple near the pool, causing a disturbance and being loud. This worker contacted hotel security, but hotel security was busy.


Blank stated that he left the lobby and headed to the pool. Upon arrival, this worker contacted Jane Doe and Hegseth near the pool. The pool's located near building four and five. This guy stated that Hegseth began to curse at blank when he contacted Jane Doe and Hegseth Hegseth told this man that he had freedom of speech. Jane Doe intervened and told this worker that they were Republicans and apologized for heg Seth's actions. This worker stated that Jane Doe placed her hand and arm on the back of Hegseth and escorted him towards building four and five. The man, the worker stated he watched Hegseth and Jane Doe disappear in the area of building five and then ran back to the lobby.


He stated Hegseth was very intoxicated and said Jane Doe was not that she was standing on her own and was very coherent. That's at one 30 in the morning. You guys with me, you don't f You gotta go through these things line by line in order to really get a picture. One 30 in the morning. Hotel worker interacts with them both and sees Pete is very intoxicated and the woman is not. Let me tell you something, folks, if the shoe were on the other foot and she was the one who was very intoxicated and he was being reported by everybody as totally sober, and then there'd been a sexual encounter back and then hotel room, then he would be getting charged.


A man who has sex with a woman described in these terms, very intoxicated out of his mind. Drunk a, a man who has sex with a woman in that condition can be charged with rape because you can't consent when you're that intoxicated. No one's looking at her. I mean, this is, this is dicey territory when everyone's saying he was very drunk and she wasn't at all. Only she's saying she was somehow drugged. Okay? So they walked straight in on their own towards knuckles. Then they were confronted an hour and a half later. She seemed totally fine. He seemed very drunk. The cop continued to search the video surveillance footage, located additional footage of them.


They showed Jane Doe and Hegseth walking from the inner and from the exit door of Knuckles Bar. They were walking together. So this must have been moments earlier? Yeah, it was moments earlier before the pool confrontation. The video showed them walking together with arms locked together. Hegseth seemed to be talking. Jane Doe was smiling. Both did not have an unsteady gait. Hegseth and Jane Doe were seen walking outta the lobby still arm arms locked and headed toward the pool that the timestamp was one 15 in the morning. That makes perfect sense. They left the bar, they were chummy, they were locked. What handler of yours have you ever locked arms with as they get you back?


Even Abigail. Fine. And. I. Do not lock the arms to get to get You. Know you from A to B. And she's smiling. She seems like she's having a good time. I guess this is before their fight about his inappropriate behavior with other women. That was so loud. Two hotel guests called the front desk to complain. But in any event, they're smiling, they're locking arms and there there's not a report of her looking unsteady. So both do not have an unsteady gait. Weird choice of grammar there. But you get the picture. That was at one 15 in the morning. Okay, on 10 20 17, I contact blank. It's very frustrating not to have, there's so many blanks.


I I think you're following along with me. But I contacted somebody else via telephone. Jane Doe had provided me with this person's contact and had advised that this person was at the bar with Jane Doe. And this new person gave me the following info. That's it's a woman. So let's just say woman won. She knew Jane Doe. She was apparently a member of the group. She was, she heard he up. She stated the conference had an after party. She remembered witnessing Jane Doe consume a glass of champagne and some vodka at the after party. She stated Jane Doe did not seem intoxicated, but had a buzz. She stated, A group of people went to Knuckles Bar at the after part. After the after party. Part of the group included Jane Doe and Hegseth stated, Jane Doe and Hegseth were in their own group of conversation.


While at Knuckles Bar witnessed Jane Doe and witnessed Jane Doe and someone else flirt with Hegseth. The flirting consisted of touching of the body or arm. So this woman says she saw Jane Doe get a buzz on drinking the champagne and possibly some vodka. Then she saw her flirt with Pete and begin touching him, his body and or his arm. This would've been before she was seen locking arms with him and walking to his hotel room where she had the text with her husband.


She did not know if Jane and Hegseth left the bar together. She saw Jane have one alcoholic beverage at the bar. Well, which is one a champagne plus a vodka or just one. She stated Jane Doe did not seem intoxicated to a point where she would not be able to care for her own safety. Jane Doe was coherent at the conference. There was the after party at the president suite. This is in more details. This is another witness. Another witness saying, okay. Oh, this is a woman that Pete may have had, that may have had, he had the sparkle in his eye for she's saying she was at the bar. During her conversation with Hegseth, he placed his hand on the knee, made it clear that his hand on her knee was not acceptable.


Despite the touching. This woman stated she was not uncomfortable, but stated Hegseth had invited her back to his hotel room. This is not Jane Doe, it's another woman. She politely declined. She gained the attention of Jane Doe and had Jane Doe become a crotch blocker. A crotch blocker is a street term used to describe someone's actions used to prevent someone from having sex. In other words, distract him. Please get him away from me by having Jane Doe join. Join this conversation. This woman was hoping that Jane doe's presence would detour Heg. Seth's attempt to have sex with her. The bar began to close. This woman left the bar. The woman stated a group of people left the bar together. She did not know if Jane Doe and Hegseth were amongst the group of people. She stated she did not pay attention to Hegseth and Jane Doe.


When she left the bar, she stated that Jane Doe did not look or act intoxicated when she last had contact with Jane Doe. So now we've had how many witnesses say that this woman who he was targeting, another random woman, the hotel desk guy, the videotape surveillance. Nobody's seeing anybody who looks intoxicated or drugged in any way. And then this woman says later that morning when they were all at the conference, she attended the conference and saw Jane Doe. Jane Doe did not seem any different than she was. Normally she was her normal self. Jane Doe did not act like someone who was hungover. Here's another contact this person says at the bar.


Another witness, I guess Hegseth engaged this person, engaged in conversation with this woman. Something told blank that Hegseth as something to the effect of wanting to go back to his room, so-and-so denied. There was also mention of Hegseth placing his hand on a knee. I don't know whether this is a reference to how he behaved with this other woman who knows Pete. Yeah. Was obviously feeling kind of Randy that night, though. Not necessarily for Jane Doe until he found her in his hotel room. Okay, this is the end. This is when the cops talk to Pete and get his side of the story, and I've already given you the highlights, but I'll give you how they write it.


Alcohol was provided at the after party. Hegseth stated he did not drink hard alcohol but consumed beer there. He had never met any of these people before. Later that night he started a group of individual stated, A group of individuals went back to the hotel bar. No one at the bar was blacked out. Drunk people were drinking though he remembered being led from the bar by someone. He stated. He stated that he was buzzed but not intoxicated. He did not know who was leading him from the bar. He described the person's clothing. The person wore blank. Hegseth, described Jane's Jane doe's dress, so he's describing Jane Doe whether he knows it or not. He did not remember being chastised for being too loud by the pool and did not remember an argument by the pool at all.


He did not remember being belligerent with anyone. Hegseth advised he went back to his hotel room with Jane Doe. He thought it was odd. Jane Doe stayed in his room. She sat down in the room and did not leave. He stated Jane Doe and himself did not do much talking at the bar. He stated he did more talking to this other woman, Jane Doe might have felt she was in charge and had led Hegseth back to his room. Hegseth stated there was nothing in his mind that thought he was going to take Jane Doe home and stated, it's not even a thought. He might have thought that was someone else but not Jane Doe. Hexes stated he was confused by Jane Doe staying in his room while in his hotel room. He stated things progressed between himself and Jane Doe.


The interaction between the two of them was consensual. Exa stated There were a couple of times he made sure she was comfortable with what was going on between them. He stated there was quote, always conversation and quote, always consensual contact between the two of them. He stated the engagement between the two of them was mutual. They both would stop and say quote, we shouldn't do this, but things consensually continued. He advised her. He advised that she asked him if he had a condom. He told her he did not. He told her they could stop if that was a problem. He said, Jane Doe said, no, no, no, it's not it. Problem Hex says, stated he did not want to get anyone pregnant. I'll bet. HEGs stated he had sex with Jane Doe. The sexual positions were wow missionary style and then she was on top.


Forgive me, it's in the report. HEGs stated he wore dog tags. Again, this corresponds with pieces of her report. Stated that I gave you this part on how it finished after the sexual act. He stated it was very early in the morning and there was a very clear conversation with Jane Doe. She stated she would tell her husband she had fallen asleep on a couch in someone else's room. She would, she had fallen asleep on a couch in someone else's room. Hegseth continuously asked Jane Doe if she was okay because he did not want her to get in trouble. He told her she did not have to worry about him saying anything. He stated Jane Doe showed early signs of regret. He did not elaborate on the signs of regret.


The contact was recorded. On ten twenty seven, I received a call from Hegseth. He wanted to add to his statement stating that after he had sex with Jing Doe, he told her she could take a shower, but she declined. That's it folks. There you have it. The seedy tale of Pete not being the best husband, but probably not being a rapist. I No, no, no. I can see entirely why the cops did not wanna bring this charge and why the woman did not wanna participate in the Pretextual phone call and why Pete's story lined up with her husband's story.


The husband said he was told she had fallen asleep on, on a friend's couch, and that's what she told Pete that she was going to say. That's it. You've heard enough. I think You know what I know. I'd love to have your opinions. Just tell me, tell me what they are. I got nothing more to say. I don't know. I, I wanna hear from you. I've talked enough. The email's, Megan, M-E-G-Y-N, at megan kelly.com. Very grateful to all of you for tuning into this show. Really appreciate it. We're back later today. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda.


And, no fear.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care. Now in network with most insurances, that's CARO n.org.


Is America as politically polarized as we seem to be, is the concept of the left and the right. A myth in a new season of the You might be right, podcast. Former Tennessee Governors Bill Haslam and Phil Breen speak with experts on polarization, diving into the research, exploring its impacts on our civic discourse, and seeking solutions to foster more constructive debate. Listen to, you might be right from the Baker School at the University of Tennessee, available wherever you get your podcasts.