
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor supply shows advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. On this memorial day, we honor all of the brave men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep the United States of America free and prosperous. As we do every Memorial Day, we are bringing you the story of a remarkable veteran and what a story this vet has. Joining me today is retired US Army Special Operations Sergeant Major John McPhee, AKA, the sheriff of Baghdad. John served our country for over 20 years, specializing in various special mission units and combat experience across multiple theaters, including Afghanistan and Iraq, where he hunted both Osama Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein.


I would like to introduce you to a new brand of Angus beef. You can order it directly from Riverbend Ranch, which is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone Montana. Riverbend Ranch raises their cattle a lot differently than most ranches. For example, they never use artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. They track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. And they handle their animals humanely and with respect. But most important is the quality of the beef. You'll find it as tender and flavorful as the finest restaurants. And that's because they have spent the last 35 years selecting cattle for tenderness and flavor, aging their beef to perfection for 21 days. The result is some of the most tender and flavorful beef you have ever tasted. You cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store, and since it is shipped directly from the ranch to your home, you get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from riverbend ranch.com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's riverbend ranch.com code, Megan. And be prepared. Once you taste it, you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's Riverbend ranch.com code. Megan,


John, great to have you. Thank you. How You Doing? Pretty good. Pretty good. Awesome. Awesome. Quite a lead up there. Well, my God, I mean, you've done a lot. I've tried. I've tried. When I say that, when you hear that intro red given all the time that you spent, You know, serving the country, what's the one that like you focus on? Like that's the one thing that really kind of defined the service in my mind, Man. Kind of none of that, I guess. You know what I mean? Like later in the war as leadership, like that was a challenge. You know what I mean? Those like the battle of tour Bora, I was a new guy. Like let's go kill everybody. You know what I mean? And then the war rages on. You learn, you're more experienced, you just learn as it goes on.


You're gonna learn different lessons. Everybody's gonna do this. And I think the lessons I learned as a young guy weren't the lessons I needed. Really? Yeah. Everybody learns, right? I thought the everyone makes mistakes opposite. When I read your bio, I thought the opposite because you had a very rough childhood. Yeah. And I thought it made him one tough SOB Maybe. Yeah. And so they say, You know, capable of doing what needed to be done in like the darkest days of Iraq and Afghanistan. Yeah. And so I'm a reg, I tell, I tell everyone this, I'm a regular guy. I do everything everyone else does. I joined the army and I think when, when nine 11 happened, I was too far in to like choose a different life.


You know what I mean? Let's start back at the young John South side of Chicago. Yeah. Only white kid in the class. Yeah. For a long time. How'd that happen? I don't know. You get, you get in fights, you go to Ding-Dong, they call it Ding-Dong school. That's where kids that fight all the time. And you, you end up there. How did your parents settle in a neighborhood where you would wind up being the only one white kid in class? That's where we lived to. Like, it's South Chicago. It's where we lived, You know what I mean? I would say the South Chicago with the seventies, eighties was like a, a different place. So I know that you were very badly bullied on the bus every day.


I heard you telling our pal Sean Ryan about that. That I mean, it was every day. They beat you up Daily. Well, no till they got me a cab. I mean, it must've been bad for the south side of Chicago school system to get you a cab every day to school, I think. Yeah. Yeah. It cost, well, it cost them a lot of money. 'cause the police would have to come to the bus on the side of the road. They'd have to break up the fight. And then the seats were broke, A window was broke, and then the school's gotta pay for all of that. And then by the time we get to school, school will be over. How old were you? I don't know. Sophomore. Freshman. Maybe. Sophomore. That's So sad. I have a freshman. And the thought of that happening to him every day is upsetting.


I mean, it's heartbreaking. Your parents never intervened. Did they know? Oh, they knew. Yeah. Did they do anything? What are they gonna do? Get you outta there? That would've been a good idea. They probably never thought of that. That's a good idea. So What was the story? Were they just young substance abuse? Yeah. What was it? No, I think my parents were young. I think my mom was, I don't know, maybe always kind of, maybe just bitter as a lady, You know what I mean? She was like the like mean divorced lady most of the time. And like, I just think that's how people thought their lives should be.


I don't know. You know what I Mean? Do you have siblings? Yeah, I have a brother. Is he older or younger? Older. So did he go through this too? Yeah, but he's just a little older than me. Yeah. But I just can't imagine like a, a mother allowing this to just keep happening to her child. Yeah. Well, here I am. You know what I mean? What are you gonna do? Did you like maintain, I know you wound up living in a brothel, which is another interesting story, but did you, did you keep contact with your mom? Like Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My own life. Was she Still around? No, she died, I don't know, a while ago. And So you, did you, were you close? I mean, yeah. As close as you could kind of be with someone that You know, is always like, mean, bitter.


Wow. You know what I mean? What Happened in her life that left her there? I don't know. I don't got the en energy to like hang on to that much shit. Yeah. You know what I Mean? Yeah. Good. Yeah. So, No, we always joke, my husband's brother, they're Presbyterian And he always jokes when you're, when you're thinking about something like that, push it down. Push it down. Yeah. He's not wrong. I mean, on some things Nah, you gotta let it go. Yeah. Like letting it go is the better way. You know what I mean? But The beatings, that would be tough to let go. I mean, I just feel like Did that create any resentment in you? I don't know. Yes. I mean, of course it did.


It did. It didn't. I mean, look, I look at it this way. I turned out the way I turned out and I think anybody in, in the situations I was in would come out the same way. And then you have to realize, like, you gotta wanna choose good, You know? It's easy for people to be bad. And I say this all the time, no one has bad intent, but shit gets fucked up. All the, can I Say that? Yeah, you can. Yeah. I wouldn't have had you on if you couldn't say that word. That's your favorite word. Yeah, I know, right? I'm trying to be nice. No, you're good. But shit gets fucked up. So, You know, I don't think my parents had bad intent. I don't think they were bad people. I think they were young.


I think they drank, You know, anytime you drink, like, You know, I used to drink a ton, but anytime you drink, like, You know, of course there's gonna be drama. That's it. It it takes your filters away. You know what I mean? Like, it's probably a better way to deal with than telling someone just, You know what I mean? So I, I think it's just like a product of being young. I don't think anyone had a bad intent. I just think it, it is what it is. And, and I tell you it's pro, it's generational. I mean, I'm not the only one, You know what I mean? But I would say it's generational. And I'd say there's kids in the same neighborhoods living about the same life, and their parents were probably in school with me. You know what I mean?


And I think that's just how it works. It's like a cycle. Does it create like a resentment toward black people? If no, you have, I don't resent any. Anybody schoolmates Beating you up every day? No. I don how do get Past that? Like I could see how that would cause some, You Know, I was the easy target. Like, You know, later in school I didn't get beat up every day. 'cause I, I realized I learned to fight. I could protect myself and like a lot of the actual gang leaders in that, like, they respected that. And so I didn't really have, I had to earn my way in, I guess. But once I earned my way in, it was fairly easy for me. I mean, and I, I look at it this way as like, You know, look, you could be the victim.


Okay, great. What's next? What's that gonna do you? How Long are you gonna do that for? You know What I'm saying? I'm guessing that given the way you described the school system there, you were not on the college track and you knew that. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Did You know you're gonna wind up in the armed forces though? Was that a goal? You know, I knew I wanted to join. I kind of joined late. I was almost 21, but I wanted to join. But I didn't know like when, You know what I mean? And then one day I was just like, fuck it, let's Go. Okay, we'll get to that. But I've gotta spend a minute on the brothels since I mentioned it. That's okay. How, how does, how did two guys, two kids wind up living in a brothel? Well, I don't know.


You know, they say hookers have a heart of gold, You know what I mean? Is that What happened? A hooker took you in? Yeah. Yeah. And we weren't the only kids. You know what I mean? But yeah. You weren't, no. Who Else was in there? How many kids did They have? She had kids. And like, so me and my brother helped raise other kids, stuff like that. Well, What happened to your parents? Me and my brother decided we would be better on our own. How old were you here? I don know 12, 13. Oh, this is, this is pre high School. So you went back with your parents by 15 when the, the bus situation was happening? No, I went to school myself. Okay. Walk me through it. So you're growing up, you're with your parents until around 12 and then you wind up living in a brothel?


Me and my brother, yeah. How'd you get connected with this woman running the brothel? Well, I was living with my, I guess my stepmom. Anyway, it's a mess, You know? But I was living with my stepmom and then me and my brother just moved over there and they were nicer to me than anyone else I knew. You know what I mean? So, and was that you were there for the duration until you hit 18? No, I was only there for a little bit. Let's see what else happened. I don't know. I didn't live there that long. Like just, I don't know, high school. Some, most of my high school years. But that was it. Okay. Yeah. So now you gotta find a direction once you hit 18. Yeah. You gotta do something. Well, I always worked. I've been working since I was a little kid.


I was a welder. I worked on trucks. So that's another thing I did is I always showed up at work on time, put myself to work, like earned money, stuff Like that. You had a couple of skills that are completely foreign to me. Like being good with an engine. Yeah. And being a good navigator. Yeah. I don't, I think you're born with that, or you're not born with that. Am I wrong? I don't know. Maybe. Did You, I don always have that ability, that sense of navigation? No, because you talk like you really needed it. It would very become very important to you. It Would in your military service. I'm very good at navigation. I don't know. I guess you're born with it. 'cause I would've never thought I I've never not been good at it. So Have you, have you, do you get lost a lot? Never. I've Always lost. Are you, you don't understand when you don't have this gift.


It's so frustrating. I'm at the point when I drive whatever my instinct is, I know to do the opposite. Like a George Costanza situation. Mm. Like, I just know. Do not, whatever my instincts are telling me it's wrong when it comes to directions. I'm missing this chip. You could get a GPS. Well, I do. Thankfully. I live in 2025. I Just, yeah, nowadays, like I could get lost nowadays. I'd say that only because, like, I just listened to the lady on my phone turn left. Okay. Right. Yes. So, but no, I have a pretty good sense of direction. I, maybe it's natural. I don't know. So What, during these formative years, before we go off and, and join the military, are you, do you dating, is there a special woman in your life? No, not really. No. Nobody? No.


Like you hadn't been in love yet? Yeah, no. I pretty much avoided people most of my childhood. You know what I mean? Mm. Did anything happen in the brothel that would do flower you or No comment. Okay. I just saying it seems like no comment seems like an obvious thing to do. Okay. So you originally wanted to join the Air Force. Why? Yeah. Well, I was a mechanic. Right. Very mechanically inclined. I was a welder as well. I fixed a lot of semi trucks, broken frames, dump trucks, whole wall collapsed stuff. And it'd take me like weeks to rebuild these trucks.


But it's kind of what I did. And then, and then, yeah, I figured I could do this for the Air Force, You know what I mean? And then the biggest thing was like, my hands were like always black, like cracked fingers. Like you're always welding. It's always dirty, greasy, dirty stuff, working on these trucks. Right. And like, honestly, my thought was no girl is ever gonna let me put my hand in her pants if she sees my hand. You know what I mean? There's just, it's not happening. You know what I mean? Does that stuff not come off with the right soap? I don't care how much soap you got. Like when you work like that, like your hands are black. So Yeah.


So I figured I gotta do something else. You know what I mean? Like, I, I just can't do this forever, You know? Only because I was always dirty every day and you couldn't, you couldn't like not be dirty. Like even your days off, you couldn't wash and you weren't clean, You know what I mean? So I figured, well maybe now's the time to join the army. And so What happened at the Air Force? They said I didn't have high enough skills to be a mechanic, which I was, they told me I could be admin. And I'm like, okay, what's that? Maybe I'll do this. What's an admin? And he was like, well, you type memos, maybe process awards.


And I was like, my mom's a secretary. Like that's what that sounds like. I'm out. You know? Yeah. Talk about misjudging a man. Yeah. And they're like, Hey son, have you talked to the Marines of the army yet? And I'm like, no, I didn't even think of it. You know? So I went to the army. Why the army? Well, a buddy of mine was a airborne ranger and said how great it was. So I just went down there and told him I wanted to be an airborne ranger. Did they give you a hard time? Oh yeah, they did too. Oh yeah? Yeah. Everybody's giving you a hard time. Oh yeah. Why? Well, I had like a, so first off I had a mullet. Like, okay, but, but who didn't have a mullet? I was gonna say, You know what I mean? What year are we in now? We gotta be like Nineties 89.


No, 90, 89 is when I was talking with Yeah, You're my age, I Think. Yeah. Yeah. So I had a mullet and they're like, You know, that guy's like, yo Bob, hey, this guy wants to be a ranger. And they come out and they like laughed at me. You Know? I mean, don't they shave your head anyway? What? Do they care what your hair looks like? I don't know. But yeah, I was just like this skinny mullet head kid, You know? And they didn't believe in me, but I didn't care, You know? Right. You, you might've been used to that feeling. Yeah. Yeah. I figured, I figured. Well, Bob was a fat bald guy anyway, so like, You know, Bob, you're not impressive. And the guy I was talking to seemed like a dullard. So it's not like these guys impressed me. I just knew there was more to the army. You know what I mean? So This is all before nine 11.


You know, you're, you're signing up, but you don't know exactly what you're signing up for. I assume. It's just, I wanna be part of the military. Yeah. I had no idea. I didn't know if I was doing, like in my day, I was like, you sign up for the college money. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like people did. I didn't know why I signed up and I definitely didn't think I needed college money whatsoever. You know what I mean? But, oh yeah. I joined all my family, You know, turned out it's like a family business. But my grandpa was both my grandpa's, my great-grandpa, world War ii. Like, so it turned out a lot of people in my family were in the service and like, no one really talked about it. Wow. You know what I mean? Wow. That's pretty cool. Yeah. So you escalated up the ranks, it seems to me pretty quickly.


You, like, you got moved to from thing to thing. Challenge to challenge some of which were a surprise to you. But didn't sound like you had a lot of failures as you were making your name Tons. You did daily, daily failure. Oh yeah. Lay fail quick. Let's get it over with. Maybe we'll get it right by the end of the day. You know? Let's, how did you do in like the, the military setting? Because I would think with your background you weren't exactly big on rules. I don't like rules. Yeah. So how'd you, I mean that, that's gotta be a problem in basic training. Not really. I mean, it's a game, You know what I mean? And their trash talk was great, man. Basic training. Like you Enjoyed that. Oh God. They would like yell at people and like, I'd just be, I'd be like not even getting yelled at and I'd start laughing and they'd just be like, my drill sergeant called me Mafi.


And he'd be like, math, he do pushups and just start doing pushups. 'cause he'd hear me laughing like, oh man, the trash talk was great. Like, I loved it. You were born for that little did they know, maybe, maybe impossible to upset you. Yeah, well they couldn't upset me anything. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. I feel like at this point in life, is it hard to upset you? You've been through so much military wise? Childhood wise? I mean, You know, like, you gotta look. If you want stuff, you gotta do it yourself. It's called responsibility. It doesn't matter your age, You know, I call it adulting. I hate it. But I've been doing it for a long time. So if you want something, you gotta put in the work. Does anybody irritate you? Like do you get irritated? Oh yeah. I don. You do?


Okay. So You're not beyond. I don't like everybody. You know what I mean? Like, do you like everybody? No. No. BS such a long list of people I dislike. See, There you go. Yeah. But I cover politics for a living, so it's, yes. Oh, your list is longer than mine. Very long. Okay, so let's go back. So then you, you enterer over to the Army. Yeah. They take you, yeah. You're going through basic training. People are getting yelled at and you're enjoying that? Yep. And what's the plan? Just like see what they do with you? Well, yeah. Well I had a Ranger contract. So I go through basic training, airborne school, and then I go to rip, I pass. Explain what Ranger is. The Ranger regiment is, it's its own unit in the Army.


They're infantry basically. And nowadays they're tier one unit. Back in my day, they were just like specialized infantry or whatever they called them. Right. But yeah, the ranger regiment is a way of life. And then back in my day was Rip is what they called it. And like, basic training was a joke. We'd jog in the morning and sing songs. It's like summer camp, You know, in Rip, like a, some random looking dude just takes off faster than you've ever seen another human being running. You're just like, holy shit. Like these guys do this, let's step ups go. Yeah.


Yeah. Real talk, You know? And then like the whole time, like, I mean, I didn't know if I was gonna make it or not. I was just doing my best, You know. How long is the training? Oh, it was three weeks back then. Okay. But it's intense. Yeah. Back then it was. Yeah. And back then it was more about creating guys that won't quit than it was like training you at your actual job. Now from there you join Special forces. How long Yeah. Did that take? After Were I did five years in Ranger Battalion and then like the, the sergeant major at the time was like sending people to like Korea or some random army shit that I wanted nothing to do with. What did you want? I not that like Combat, Not that, You know what I mean?


Didn't never wanted to go to Korea. I heard it's cold and like, anyway, never wanted to go there. Sorry. No offense. Right. Where were you in the States? Here? I was in Savannah, Georgia. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Big picture. See what I'm saying? Yeah, I hear you. Yeah. So especially when you grow up in Chicago, right? Yeah, yeah. For once. Yes. Yeah. So love Savannah, right? And I didn't want to go anywhere, so I figured I'd hit Special Forces selection. At least it would like give me a path where I might control my ending. Can you talk about that? 'cause as a civilian you hear special forces and you think, oh, it's cool. Yeah. Something cool's happening. Yeah. Like he knows shit. Like he's done stuff. Yeah. What, what did it mean to you? Oh, I don't know.


I mean like, it's okay. I like Special forces Was a good time. Do time. Why do it? Like when you were back a, a Ranger Considering, oh yeah. What was the lure? I don't know, like the John Wayne shit when I was a kid. Right? It's badass. Yeah. Like Rambo, right? Like that's what I thought. Yes. Kinda in the middle nineties, not really what was happening, but later on it got better. More towards the gwa, everything got better. What do you mean you thought it would put you in charge of your own debt? Well, if I went to Special Forces selection, I know I would go there next versus like coming down on orders for chorea one day. Ah. You know what I mean? Just like, Hey, guess what came some paperwork for you? Korea? Holy shit. No fucking way.


Right? Yeah. So I wanted to like avoid that. So how do you get into Special forces? You gotta go to selection. They got a selection. Like, It's like a tryout. Yeah, Tryout. What does, what does selection mean? It's not a lot of stupid shit, You know what I mean? Like, is it one day you show up and you have Oh, do like, oh no, it's like a, A run and a nah. Okay. Special forces selection kind of works like this. It's based off a team and you gotta work in a team. Right? And it's 12 guys in a, in a, a team, a special forces a team, right? And then so you're kinda grouped in 12 guys and then like, you do like random stuff. Like you gotta build these, they'll give you like one wheel, some pipe, and a 500 pound barrel.


And it's like, it's, you gotta take it 20 miles that way. Go. It's very gyy. Very gyy. Right. And then You have the right background for this too though. Yeah, but I, you're not in charge every day. And then if someone bads in charge and they talk about they do stupid shit, you're stuck doing their stupid shit all day long. Hmm. I was on the worst team ever. I think in selection. Like, Oh no, some of those guys might be listening to this right now. I Don't care. They were pussies, You know what I mean? Like, fuck, I do not give a shit. You know what I mean? It's probably where they, why they are where they are now. You know what I mean? They were Bringing you down Trying to hold me back. So You, you made it though. You got Sele. So you get selected to then train into special forces?


Yep. Yep. And then they call it the Q course. Oh, and is it, what's that? Like The qualification course? A lot of, I was an engineer, so that's the explosives. But we do a lot of other stuff like building stuff. Like basically you're a general contractor for like houses, they teach you that stuff. Oh, and then that's useful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Super useful. Right? And then explosives and a lot of explosive stuff. What, what's Delta Force and when did you try out for that? Oh, so yeah, the mid nineties special forces, You know, the Bill Clinton Army kind of sucked, no ammo, no training, no money. Right? So a buddy of mine, I was at his house, I don't know, I was on leave.


We were drinking smoking cigars And he just gave me a yellow sticky with a time in place. So I was like, what's this? And it was like this field on post. So he's like, yeah, you're gonna be there at six in the morning. And it's like, it's like midnight, man. No way. I ain't going nowhere at six in the morning. Right. I went and he talked me into Go And he was a Mogadishu guy and I went and that's it. I passed. Yeah. So that was you in special forces? Yeah. Trying to make it under Delta force. Yeah. Which is yet another sort of next elite level, But, but in my day, you didn't know what Delta force was. Like, if someone went there as a black hole, you just never seen 'em again.


Okay. You didn't even know they were live. You know what I mean? So why'd you do it? Why'd you even show up at 6:00 AM What else was I gonna do? Sometimes I do my best work hungover. What's up? How was the, how hard was the tryout or the, Oh, so first off, it ain't easy. I'm gonna say that, but at the same time, it's fucking great, man. They leave you alone. You walk through the mountains like, yeah, yeah, I'm here. You gotta go. Like, I don't know, like you have maps. You ever see like the big Forestry maps? Oh, I'm already sweating. That's, that's making me nervous. I know. It's probably the worst thing you want to hear. I would never make it. But like, You'd have maps and they're like this big and like the guy would give you a point and you'd be like, wait, wait.


And you're like, you got like five of these and you're like, I gotta go like three of these maps today, man. You know what I mean? And then that's a nightmare. Yeah. And then you just go and then This, I mean maybe they knew even before Bin Laden knew where you were gonna wind up. But that was perfect training for what ultimately would be asked of you. Yeah, 100%. I was ready. Were you in Delta force when nine 11 happened? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So you're doing your training what? Still down in Savannah Uhuh. I was at Brack. Fort Bragg. Okay. And then, well 9, 9 11. I was trying to skydive to go to free fall. Jump master school. Mm. Of Course people to skydive. Of course you were. That's what I do. So What happened on nine 11?


Were you, what was your reaction to that day? Well, the first plane I was like, like it looked like a little plane crashed in, You know, like, yeah. We didn't know. Some drunken idiot in his, in his little plane crashed in. Right. And then the second was like, oh shit. And then we were grounded and that was it. You know? Then you knew it was like something bad, serious, You know, you knew. But unlike the rest of us, you actually were gonna have to answer the call. I mean, does that, yeah. Is that exciting? Is it nerve wracking? Is it everything? It's a lot of things, but I would say this is, I was too far in not to go, You know what I mean? I was excited. I was nervous, You know, like the whole, look, I say this all the time, people are gonna have a thousands emotions today.


Right. Like, it's just how people work. You'll have a thousand emotions. Don't let it stop on the bad ones. You know what I mean? I know what you mean. But it's harder to do than actually, You know, it sounds Maybe, I don't know. I don You Know, know people get stuck. They get stuck in sort of obsessive thinking. Especially if their life might be on the line. Yeah. People get stuck. So how do you rejigger that? If that's you and you get stuck on something, Smack 'em in the back of the head. Sometimes you need that, You know what I mean? Sometimes I need that. You know what I mean? Snap 'em out of it. So what, what, what was the first word you had that you were getting deployed and to where? Well, there's a lot of things happening between nine 11 and before we deployed.


I think the original plan is we were supposed to save some hostages and Kabul and then we ended up doing the Torah Bora thing. So what we trained for and What happened, were completely different animals, You know what I mean? Do You know why? That's the way to cookie crumbles, You know what I mean? Just follow What they tell you. Let's go. You know what I mean? You're not in charge. Someone else is making the calls. You just gotta do your best when the time comes. Was Torah Bora then the first place you went? Yeah. To Bora. Wow. Yeah. Alright. Can te tell us about that? Tell us what was that? How, how did that just describe you? 'cause I've heard you talk about Sean Ryan. It sounds, I mean, like you were looking for Bin Laden. Yeah. So yeah, we were looking for Bin Laden.


The Torah Bora was like a stronghold for Bin Laden, Al-Qaeda, whatever they call themselves. Right. And the Russians could never get in there. Right. And I think somebody, I don't know who said it, but it was 10, it took 10 of us 10 days To do what? To get everybody out of those mountains. Either kill 'em or have 'em come out and surrender. But it took 10 of us 10 days. The Russians never took it. They had 10,000 soldiers. You know. So how do we do that? We bomb the shit out of those guys. You know what I mean? Thanks to all your explosives training. Mm. No, it was more like air force stuff, You know what I mean?


Unfortunately not my, I mean, if I had to blow 'em up one at a time, like that would be awesome. But we bombed him. So it was more of a Air force thing. We had a call on the radio for bomb. Was that deployment that, that moment when you showed up in Torah bore the first time you ever killed a man? Yeah. Yeah. War. Like, let's go people, man, we killed hundreds of people on the first day. Like, I can't tell you how many people died or, You know what I mean? They're just everywhere side of the mountains. Like, and then sometimes guys get blow up. There's only pieces, You know what I mean? And, and they'd just be on the side of the mountain. Like, what do you do? Like, Well, how does that, does that affect you at all as a, You know, as a man?


Or is it just No, I'm a soldier. I mean, You know, you come, you, I'll tell you this, you wanna come to a gunfight and you end up dead. It's your fault. You know what I mean? They Started it. Well, and it's the delta force. You're gonna die. It's not gonna be a good look for you. You know what I mean? So yeah. I just felt like all those guys needed to die. Like they're evil, You know what I mean? Like, it's evil to just like, You know, Afghanistan in generals, it's like biblical times. Yeah. With trucks and cell phones. Yeah. Like they do fucked up shit.


You know what I mean? So the, I don't, there's no doubt in my mind that these guys needed to die. Mm. You Know? Were they connected to Bin Laden? Yeah. All his like inner guys, You know what I mean? Yeah. So in 10 days you managed to route out this, this mountain area that, that nobody else had gotten to, the Russians included. And then what? Well, bin Laden wrote a death letter. He wrote a death letter. It's on the internet, but he wrote a letter, he thought he was gonna die. Is this the one where he was, is this a different letter from the one that the morons were circulating on TikTok about a year and a half ago saying, this is amazing. He's so smart. He's got such good reasons for attacking us. I don Dunno, that happened.


I don't know. Yeah, I don know. You really wouldn't, you should Stay off the Internet. I don and you should not get to know Gen Z. I don I don't think you'll Be happy. I don't do any social media. Well, so What happened, because you, you didn't find Bin Laden there. Yeah. But you found all of his henchmen. Yeah. You killed him. Yeah. And then are you like, done because what Bin Laden's still out there? A fucking ceasefire. A fucking ceasefire. And someone called a ceasefire. And I would also say there's a couple helicopters flew over to Battlefield, which I still to this day, don't know who they were. Oh, you think he was escaping? I look at it this way, if, if the first 10 days of the war 10 guys kill Bin Laden, where's the war on terror at?


Oh, this is interesting. The checkbook would've never got opened. Oh, that's really interesting. That's what I think. So you're pretty cynical about our military industrial complex. I wouldn't say cynical. Like, I mean, I enjoyed my time. I love grenades, You know what I mean? But I do think like the rug was pulled out from under us. Well, I mean it definitely was at the end. But you're, are you talking about right here, right now? Yeah. When you're trying to find Bin Laden, you don't think that, that the military brass wanted you to find him? They wanted it to go on and on. No, I think someone else intervened and put him in hiding someone who owned helicopters, regular people own helicopters, who owns helicopters.


You know what I mean? And then how come I've never heard about this anywhere else? I don't know. No one wants to talk about this. I know, right? See what I'm saying? But I mean, are you talking about like I say, the military industrial complex, like one of these big contractors? Or are you talking about us? Us us. I don't know. I mean, you can make your own guesses, You know what I'm saying? But I would say this is like, okay, where's the story between where he lived in Pakistan and Torah? Bora? Where's that story also, by the way, I wanna know that story. Do we know I have No, I have no idea. Yeah. No. You Ever heard anything? No. We need this, like these JFK files. Let's go. Well, You Know what I mean? I mean, you actually have a shot at it right now with this administration. Well, there you go. You talk. You know these guys.


I got a friend over at the Pentagon. There you go. I mean, we can get to the bottom of that. There you go. Well that's, I mean, it's unfortunately, and I, and totally understandably so many of our veterans are asking these questions now, including Sean. You know, I talked to him at length about his questions about who are the good guys and, oh, We're not, I don't think we are at all. You don't, I don't think we're good friends. Why? I think we deal on a short timeline, a four year timeline. And I think everyone else has like, been in charge for 50 years, You know what I mean? And they've seen us flip flop back and forth, and we pull, we push, we tug of war with the rope.


It never ends out good. We're not good friends. And then as soon as you don't do what you we want, we're, we're gonna chuck you under the bus and move the fuck on. You know what I mean? Like, gimme An example. I don't know. Tons of stuff. You know what I mean? I'm giving you an example right now. Where are these helicopters at? How, where's the story of Bin Laden till from Ababa. Where that's where the officers are trained in Pakistan. Interesting. Right. And how did he get out of Afghanistan? He's on dialysis. You mean this guy walked over 14,000 foot mountains in the snow with his little woolen blanket and his dialysis machine, but left all his people behind.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, but I, I think there's, I think George Bush said dead or alive. And I think the Pentagon was risk adverse. And, and I think that's where the disconnect was at that time. But I think someone else stepped in and took Bin Laden into hiding. And when we found him in 2010, I'm trying to remember my exact time. It was, it was 20, I think 11. I was on maternity leave with my Daughter. It was an election year. So you think that was by design? Yeah. Yeah. They Were, he was more useful. It was more useful. Dead Obama needed to get reelected.


It's time. And so allowed surprise allowed him to be killed. Yeah. So is that just your gut having been in the army for 20 years or? Yeah. Hell yeah. I mean that's like, that's the worst possible. Like take on our commander in chief and what they might do like in danger, continue a war where guys are getting killed and their limbs blown off. What? To improve your, so you can get the election under your belt. It's just so, It's the way it works. Oh My gosh. It's just so horrible to even consider. I Mean, it's the way it works. Well hone if I had been over there and seeing my guys blown up, I think I'd be very angry if, if I believed this, I'd be very fucking pissed off.


Are you angry? I Mean, believing this, I mean, being angry wouldn't get me a cup of coffee. You know what I'm saying? I know, but Either you feel it or you don't. If you, You know, I look at it this way. I had a great time. I did everything I could. I did as much as I could every time I could. And I always try to do the right thing at the same time. Like, I can't control everything. You know what I mean? And then sh does it make me mad? Sure. Do I hate that? Like, You know that a, the politicians disagree on something and it costs your son his life.


Right? Like ridiculous. Right? But at the same time, like, I was having the time of my life, so I wasn't questioning shit. You know, anytime you drink from the bottle of hindsight, everything gets clear. You know what I mean? But at the time, like I didn't question it. I just want, I was on to the next, like, war was my life, You know? And I was good at it. And I saved lives. I saved a ton of lives in war. All those things combined kept me back. Coming back to it, whether it's right, wrong, indifferent, like these are things that I can't control. So why even dwell on it? You know what I mean? It's, it's almost, it's, and then you'll get stuck in there.


It's muddy water. You'll get stites quicksand, you'll sink in it. Like why this, why that? Like, why ask why You haven't been through therapy? This is just your own thinking. I don't go to therapy. No. I, I assumed, You know, a therapist like I do, I actually know a really good one, but I don't think you need him. I don't think so. You got your head on your, on your shoulders. I try. I try. That's life therapy right there. Yeah. I don't know. It's somehow you manage to get like a really clear view on all of this. But so many guys, I've talked to them come back. Yeah. Traumatized. Well, I call it the, the last chapter. They're stuck in the last chapter, You know what I mean? Like, they can't get out of that chapter and whether, but what really happens is like the story's not over.


You know what I mean? I mean, I was under the age of 40 doing all that stuff. Well, I got a lot more lot years. Like, so your life never gets better. You're never gonna enjoy anything again. Like get out of that chapter. Right. And write a new chapter. Is it the in part like the adrenaline rush that you miss? Like it's tough to recreate that in civilian life? Yeah. It's more than the adrenaline rush. You know what I mean? It's so much more. I mean, when you're really good at something, it's all you wanna do. And when You know guys are really good at something, I could, you could save lives by sending guys that are really, really good at this.


You know what I mean? So I think it's just one of those things where it's, it's a calling and it's not really your choice, You know what I mean? But at the same time, it's a choice you gotta make. When were you in Torah? Bora? I don't know. December of 90 or no. Oh one. And then you went back, right? Yeah, I went back to Torah. Bora? Yeah. When did you go back? Two, just a few months later. In 2002. I went back And was that your, like solo? How did you wind up solo in Torah? Bora? Pretty easy. I needed Pop-Tarts. Okay.


I heard that you mentioned this on Sean Ride. Yeah, I was getting Pop-Tart. So it, I need to clarify this. You wanted the Pop-Tarts and there was something else. What was the other thing? Beef jerky. Beef jerky. Okay. So you needed this, so you convinced them to send you on some mission back to like the chow chow hall to get the Stuff? Yeah. I just told my boss like, Hey, we doing anything tonight? I'll schedule the helicopter and I'll go to the chow hall. I'm, I'll have our guy fill our truck. Okay. Then I got lost. What happened? Like, you, you never went back with the Pop Tarts and the beef jerk you got I did. But you did weeks Later, but it seemed like you got sucked into this unit that had the good food. Yeah. Yeah. And then you were off to the races? Well, it was where everyone was. It was where all the guys were, You know, I mean, okay, first off, the Defo, when they deploy, like they have beef jerky.


They have The Difa. The Defo. What's that? Delta Force? Delta force. The di Oh, defo. The Difa. I say Diva, I'm like, who was he? But anyway, like you're the highest Army unit. You have beef jerky, you have Poptarts, you have, You know what I mean? Sweet. Like stuff Army guys like might see once a month we should be getting every day. 'cause We Yeah. Like they're serving cappuccinos in this Unit. Yeah. And then like the food is really good because we have our own cooks and they care about what you eat. You know what I mean? So it's, it's, that's good. It's, it's eat, it's the Army system, but it's within the Army system, which makes it a little better. Right. So I was just gonna go get some Pop-Tarts and really it's just a resupply run.


So I drive my Toyota truck on a helicopter, they fly me to Bagram. And then one of the commanders, the guys that wrote Kill Bin Laden was like, Hey, what are you doing? And I'm like, I'm stealing popcorn, right? I'm here for food. Yeah. And He was like, you wanna go on a mission? And I was like, yeah. I was like, well you gotta call my boss. And he is like, okay, I'll call him. And he did. And then I was like, what is it? You know what I mean? They're like, we want you to go out alone. And I'm like, this sounds risky. Okay. Just, Just happened. Like you were just there getting the poptarts and they were like, You know, you're, you'd be good for this. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And you, this is what kind of you wanted to do anyway, be on your own, make your own decisions? Oh, I didn't know if I wanted to, like, never thought about it before then, but it, it turns out.


So yeah. Something I do Well, so what Was the mission? Why did you have to go out by yourself? Why couldn't you have others? Well, this goes back to the, the politics of it is the general at the time wouldn't let us to do a, to hit a target in Afghanistan. We needed us eyes on. Make sense? So how do you get USIS on? You have to send out reconnaissance guys. And that's what I did. Right. And then, but you can't, no one can leave the wire. What's the wire? The perimeter. The base. Okay. You can't, so, so That's the problem. So the general's like, no one can leave the base, but you gotta launch reconnaissance to get USIS on.


Someone's gonna have to leave the base. Someone's gonna have to leave the Base. And that was you. Was there another guy or is it just you? Well, the only reason they sent me is they, they kept me in because I was coming from one base to another and out stationed to a major base. Yeah. I was in transit. So they just kept me in transit For weeks count. Yeah. You're like, who knows? We have no idea where John is. So Basically they had a lie about what I was doing just to make the mission Really under search for that beef jerky, right? Like you're not giving up? No, the guys back at the original place were probably like, where the hell are the Poptarts? They Were in my truck, So, okay. They get 'em later. They, So then how long is this solo mission? Through, back through Torah. Bora just Probably took me 10 days-ish Long.


Why are you going back there when we already blew up the people? Well, the last guy to supposedly help Bin Laden out of the valley just came back from Pakistan with him and his sons With Bin Laden and his sons or with his own? No, His own sons. Sons. Yeah. Okay. Like supposedly during the Battle of Torah, Bora, because he lived near there, there was, he was the facilitator of getting people in and out of there. Okay. So we wanted to kill him or we wanted to capture, We wanted to capture him because we thought maybe he brought Bin Laden out of there. Okay. And he, So the last lead for Bin Laden was this guy. 'cause we have everybody else, all his people, his bodyguard, his cook is everybody.


So do they tell you where you're going and then it's just up to you to get yourself there? Yeah. Like they did they show you that spot on the map? I gotta, and you're, I gotta figure this out. Yeah. Oh Yeah. All right. So they, they're like, we believe we know where he is. Yeah. Now good luck to you. Yeah. Go find him. And did. Yeah. How Pretty simple. Like he's, it's only one valley. Like, and there's only, You know what I mean? There's only, I had already been there. That's one of the things is Yeah. Right. So I kind of knew the area. I knew the terrain. Right. And it's like, oh, why Aren't there bad guys trying to kill you everywhere. Everywhere. Yeah. I So how do you Yeah. Get past the Bad guys? Like in checkpoints? Yeah. You act like a retard, Like an American though, right?


They knew you were an American. No. They thought you were one of them. Yeah. What? Yeah. How's that possible? You're as pasty as I am. I have a big be because of Russians, rape people. People look like me in Afghanistan. Lots of 'em. Oh Wow. I didn't think of that. Yeah. So you would act like a local and a like a nutcase and they'd let you walk Right. By All the time. What would acting like a nutcase look like? Well, the, so like this guy, the first time it happened to me, this guy like jams his AK in my chest and it's like, la la la la la. Like I'm supposed to say something and I just figured if I speak American right now I'm dead.


That's it. You know what I mean? So I figured, well, I'll act like a retard and, and I figured, okay, how would a retarded guy sound? First off, it'd be volume 11. Yes. Right, right. So loud. You don't even want to listen. And then it'd be mongoloid stuff. So I was just kind of like, and the guy's like, I get it. Move along. Yeah, I got The move along. Did you have your ak? Yeah. Did he know that? Yeah. Oh, so he knew like it's not unusual to be armed there, even if you're not everybody. Everybody's armed. Okay. Yeah, everyone's Armed. That's incredible. Yeah. So you find the destination and did you get eyes on the guy?


Yeah. Videotaped too. I Recorded it and that's, that was the mission. Not, don't take him out. Don't try to kidnap him. Just tell us if he in fact is there. So now you got the evidence. Was that a moment, like when you saw him, you're like, holy shit, did You know it was him first of all? Or were you just could, it could be some rando? Well, when I was, I was in a truck as in with a bunch of people. No one knows I'm American. I had, as we drove by, I put my video camera under my arm and I video camera the house. And like dude was on the front porch luckily. So You got a good shot of him? All of it? Yeah, all of it got everything I needed. Are you sure? Because I would imagine in the moment, I've been sort of, not in this circumstance, but I, not long ago, did this undercover video of somebody and I was like, ah, I hope I got the shot.


You don't know until you can go check it later. But this is a very important shot to get. Dude was on the porch. He was perfect. You knew you had it? Yeah. Did you recognize him? No, I didn't know. Okay. I didn't know. You found out later that you did in fact get the guy? Yeah. Correct. So then did we get him? Yeah. Okay. And do you think it was instrumental in getting us to Bin Laden? No, it wasn't. It was not. Madam CIA analyst whose name we still don't know, was not using that particular information and figuring out where Bin Laden was. I don't, I don't know what any of that means, but it did not help.


He had no idea. Okay. All right. So what does that mean for you? Anything? Does that make you feel disappointed about it? Or like, well, I always thought, well, I thought at the time, like a, they were gonna find out. He was like dead in a cave later, You know what I mean? I just figured we blew him. The Smither Marines, it might be hard to find the parts, You know what I mean? Yeah. So, and then I figured one day the truth will come out. I kind of always knew that, so. Well, When you heard about the raid and Yeah. You saw Barack Obama on television that night. Yeah. What was your reaction? I Thought it was great. You did? Yeah. I thought it was great. I mean, I mean, for whatever reason Obama had, I thought it was great.


And then I can tell you this, if I was commander and chief, the minute I heard that, I'd be like, go smoke that fool now. You know what I mean? Yep. End of discussion.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It's a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place because of its amazing water for boating, swimming, fishing, and drinking. Today clean water is endangered by toxic algae. You may have heard of red tide or blue green algae. It can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, President Trump signed a law to solve this problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida President Trump said, after years of rebuilding other nations, we're finally rebuilding our nation. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser, says that would be good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project at Everglades Foundation dot org.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Rob O'Neill was our first Memorial Day in depth interview back in when we launched the show. We didn't even have a video yet. It was, it would've been Memorial Day of 2021 right after the show launched. And that story was just unbelievable. Just to hear it told firsthand. He's controversial now. Some people don't think he should have said it was him. Blah, blah, blah. What do you think? Seals, You know what I mean? It's always fucking drama with those guys. You know what I'm saying? I adore him. I really admire him so deeply. I Yeah. I'm not buying into any of that drama. Alright, so now it wasn't done like you're, you're not done. The war's still going on. Yeah. And then you wind up going to Iraq. Yeah, and I, and I think that was like the, You know, we're, they were gearing up, You know what I mean?


We're, we're trying to do this. They were gearing up for Iraq. I mean, that's a nightmare. Yeah. Like when you look back on that one, what do you think? Iraq? Yeah, I loved Iraq. What? No one says that. Why? I don't know. I mean, you actually, They're outta their mind. You have an interesting take on it and I I I love to hear your take on Saddam Hussein 'cause Oh, you were making some good points. I hadn't considered. Yeah, Saddam man. Like, we should have left him. We should have killed his bastard sons and told him play along or you're next Ude And Crue. Yeah. Them dudes needed to go. But he was kind of a fan of the Christians. He was, he was, his inner circle was all Christians. The people that touched his food, washed his butt.


Like all Christian, all inner circle. And it's because of the martyr thing. You know, if you're a Muslim, you kill yourself. You're a martyr. You go to heaven. You know what I mean? As a Christian, you kill yourself, you go to hell. Yeah. So he surrounded himself and put up with the Christians. That's why I, Iraq was actually pretty western even back then. 'cause he allowed Christians to have their own areas, do their own things. Right. And then, You know, ISIS allows none of that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yep. And then we had to mess with it. So did you, you did go on a mission where you, you got, you tried to get him, I, tell me again what it was. It was like the woman, his affair, partner's husband.


Yeah. Is, yeah, we rolled up everybody that met Saddam, You know what I mean? And then we used to say, look, we're in the army, like, You know, in the, You know, our intelligence agencies, they give polygraphs and they determine their rating as sources. And like, they'd be like, this is an unreliable source. You know what I'm saying? And we'd be like, I'm in the army, I'm pulling every thread. Let's go. I don't care. And we'd go check it out anyway. Most of the time they were wrong. Oh well. Yeah. Go f what a shock. Yeah. Go figure. But yeah, Saddam had like a favorite sex lady. I never even heard of this.


I heard you say in Sean ran 'cause she was not hot. Yeah. Like, like, I don't know one thing I'm going, but like, Who knows what she was doing behind closed doors. Yeah. There's no talent. She must have been a real pro. You know what I mean? That's all I could think. You know, She probably had some moves, You know, She had to know something about something. But yeah, like you would think like, I don't know, like you just assume she would be attractive. I don't know. I didn't know what to assume. You would, You kind of, would everyone pictures the affair partner as somebody who's very hot? The wife could maybe, or maybe not. Yeah. None of that happening here? Well, I mean, maybe he had some hot ones. I didn't see them. You know, he had different taste. Maybe she had a routine. We have no idea. She obviously had something. Okay. So, but it wasn't her you were looking for it was her husband because she was married.


Well, We were, we couldn't get to her because it's hard to get to women in Iraq. So we had to get to the husband. Oh. See what I'm saying? And what, what information could we get from the husband? I don't know, may, maybe Saddam kind, You know, was Honey potted a little bit? He told his favorite Honeypot. I don't know, something, You know, and as a, as an army guy, not an Intel guy, I'm like, let's go. Yeah, let's look into This. I'll do it. Yeah. I don't care. Let's, and did we get him? Yeah, we got him. Yeah. Did he know anything? Yeah, they didn't know shit. You know what I mean? Like, they didn't know shit. But we did get 'em and yeah, it was, okay. This is, this is kinda legendary, but I was across the street in a minivan and I was kinda watching this shop.


I had two Iraqi guys that I would use. And then I had the assault force kind of park on the corner, close to the shop. And then enough time went by, we were just waiting and waiting. I told my guys to start fighting in front of the store if, if too much time went by. So they start a fist fight in front of the store. And then people come out like, what's going on out front of the store. And the dude came out and literally put his back to like the van door, the assault force. And I'm like, yo, open the door. It's that dude right there. And they grabbed him and then it was over and people were like looking for him.


No one even knew he Was there. Everyone had been watching the fight. Wow. And then later my boss was like, man, we're so lucky that dude started the fight. I was like, I was like, that was our guys. I, But he is luck had nothing To do with it. I was trying to speed this up a little bit. Smart. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's, it's hot in the back of the van. So you don't have to do the interrogation or you do? I've done a lot of 'em. Okay. They don't always send in like the dark arts guys from the ccia A to do that crap. Like that's, that's us too. Those guys are chump change, You know what I Mean? They're the gimo only. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So how do you make a guy like that talk? And by the way, easy, how do you communicate with one another? You have a translator there? Yeah, You gotta have a turp.


Okay. People can speak the language, but yeah. What do you mean easy? How is it easy? Everybody talks. They do. Oh, Are you Kidding me? You, you torture 'em? What do you do? You don't gotta do shit. It's easy. What like, yeah, fear and common sense is a powerful tool. You know what I mean? Most of the time. Like what, okay, think about this. Okay, this is every human being. This is me, this is you. Look, there's stuff that you're gonna die with that you ain't telling no one about. Everybody does that. Right. Does that make sense to you? I don't know. I'm kind of an open book, but Okay. Yes. I accept, I am too. Generally true. There's secrets people keep to their grave. Right? That's basically what I'm saying. Right. And then there's other shit like, what's your cousin's car look like that you just ain't holding?


It ain't worth like getting beat over. It ain't worth fighting over like it's a little white car. Like This is a small point of order. But did he know that the wife was having an affair with Saddam Hussein The entire time? He did. What do you Do? Was he, was he okay with it? I'm just kinda curious what the sex dynamic was. I would imagine he felt lucky to be alive every day. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He'd be a very easy guy to get rid of. And then you could have the side piece whenever you wanted it. But I guess he could anyway. So what's the point of killing the husband? I don't know. So he Gave up whatever info. And did we find Saddam Hussein after that? Shortly after that?


Yeah. We were, look, we had to run all the, look. Manhunt is like a sweater. When like you have a yarn on a sweater, you pull it, right? One of those threads is gonna, the arm's gonna come off one of those threads. You pull it out forever. It doesn't do nothing. You know what I mean? So we're gonna pull every thread. This Is the process. Yeah. So when you, was that the biggest thing that you did when, while you were in Iraq? Would you say like the most no serious thing? No. No. What, what else did you do? Zowie was serious days. Oh my God. That was dark. That that was the dark stuff. You over there with all the beheadings and all that? Oh my God. Does, I mean, does that scare you? You're only a man. You're a man.


I mean, I don't know. I wasn't really scared, but I did get a sword off his, our Cowie truck that was like a Roman short sword. And I'm like, there's pictures. I mean, I got my shirt off. I'm like, I don't know if you've ever seen those, but I wanted to, I would've cut one of their heads off. You know what I mean? Like, but no, it didn't scare me. You know, zowie was a bully And he liked to pick on the weak. He didn't want to pick on us. Mm. You know what I mean? And then, You know, yeah, the zowie days were great. Foreign fighters was great. I mean, I don't know. I loved it all. But like the foreign fighters, like you just show up in front of the house, have my guy get on the bullhorn, they'd start shooting, we'd level the house.


You know, like those days were great. I mean, I think those days were great because that's when the military finally let us take the gloves off and be like, okay, you guys do this your way. You know what I mean? What, what year is this now? 6 0 6 7. Yeah. It was our cow was six. Yep. You know what I mean? But they'd finally start to let the gloves come off. You know, I think like, I think we were, we were throttled a lot through a lot of stuff. But I feel like through the Z days, no one gave a shit how we were getting it done. You know what I mean? So how long were you over there? Or how many deployments did you have? I think I got 10 and then like, I got a bunch of like the surge and the stay lates and shit like that.


You Went back and back? Yeah. And then 10 deployments. Yeah. And then Oh, gotcha. Then as a sarm major, I, I spent a lot of time there, but it didn't really count as a deployment. I was back and forth. Oh wow. So then what, like how does it end for You? I don't know. I don't know. Did they just send you back home before the fight was done? Or did you fight all the way to the end of the No, I was a SAR major. I retired in 11. You're getting older. Yeah. They don't let you surf forever, really. Right. Oh Man. You're only young so long. You know. But I'll tell you what, with stem cells and shit, I could have stayed another 10 years if modern science was heading. It's So interesting to talk to you and hear you talk about how fun it was. 'cause it seems like the hell of war and the trauma that guys have the PTSD.


But there's something about like, what is it? Is it working with your comrades in arms? Is it like doing the thing that you've been told to do and you're really good at it, you love that? Is it all like, what is that? What is fun? I mean, why be ashamed of trying your best no matter what that is? I think, right. And I think that's really what it boils down to. I mean, yeah, I could be ashamed. Did a lot of people die? Yeah, a lot of people died. Did, why Would you be Ashamed? Some of the wrong people die. Sure. You know what I mean? Did innocent people die? Sure. But like, this is war. And essentially war is you kill the bad guy and break a shit.


So we can't use that shit against you. If I was told to go do that, why am I the bad guy in this? I'm not. You're not. You know what I mean? I'm just doing my best on a daily basis, You know? And then at the end of the day, I always seen it as I'm in the army, I take orders, let's go. And a lot of times I liked those orders, You know what I mean? What was the, What was the brotherhood dynamic? Oh man, you would think it's kinda interesting. You would think the brotherhood would've been strong, but like the war, like builds bonds. You can't, you can't get anywhere else, I guess. You know what I mean? Like, you'd think like, there's always a brotherhood, right?


Well, we talk about the brotherhood, but we just joked about seal drama. You know what I'm saying? So having said that, I think there's like guys that I'm like, I was in combat with that. We have a bond. I think there's certain people I have bonds with over different stuff. But I think that bond, the brotherhood is, is just, You know, the experiencing the best and worst of humanity at the same time. Mm. You Know? And when your life is on the line, it's just adds, I don't know so much more to it. I would think. Like you're risking it all together and Yeah. Any one of you might not be there the next night.


Yeah. I mean, I always say like, I, I always say, well, I said this to my guys too, but I, we all gave Uncle Sam a blank check. Get ready. Don't be mad if it gets cash. But don't be mad for somebody when their check is cashed because they died doing what they loved. Can't be mad at that either. Were there any women in your unit? Maybe You're not allowed to tell me. I don't know. Can women be rangers? I don't know. That's a good question. I think so these days. I don't know. Like, I don't know how it works. I gave, Alright. Did you ever have to deal with that dynamic out in the field? Like men, women serving together?


Yeah. Just seems so weird to me. I don't know. I know nothing. I think women have very niche roles and can have very niche roles. I've worked with women, I've had women partners. They were great. But I think there's a role for them. And they're not like the one you send, You know, get zow, right. There's other stuff they do. So yes, we have, we have, women always have women like, and it, yeah, I mean it's, I think there's more women on the planet than men. I don't know why the shock. Well, I'm just, I'm curious about, I'm just, I'm back to your dating life now. Like, can you meet a woman somehow?


Or you're like, how do you fall in love? How do you like, oh Man, I'll tell you this. As I started out married at nine 11, I've been divorced several times. It's a hard life. You know, I don't think, I think it's a hard life because no one understands like your level of commitment. And I, I say that in a way. Like you're choosing something that might cause your death over and over. People don't see that as rational, but they don't understand, You know what I mean? But, so I would say, I always say this is like being married was like being in prison. You could call home and you ain't going there anytime soon.


You know what I mean? Like, that's just how it works. Well what do you mean? I don't think I get it. I Don get it. Like that's how marriage works in the army. Like when you deploy to war, you could call home. Oh, you get your one phone call. I mean, I mean actually call home. Yes. Yeah. Call home like once a week or something. Not Gonna be together a whole Lot. Yeah. But you ain't going, you ain't going home. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. And that's tough on anybody. I would, I would say this only guys that had perfect relationships, their marriages survive the war. Wow. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I'd say the bulk of guys end up divorced. Do you have kids? I do. How old are they? I stopped keeping track when they turned over 21. Okay. How many kids do you have? I have two. Okay.


Yeah. Are they good? Yeah, they're good. They're good. Oh, that's good. They're good People too. Are are, are they going into the mil, into the military at all? Oh, my son was in the army and works for the army now. Okay. Yeah. So when it all wind, when it ends, You know, Iraq eventually ends at a Afghanistan ended disastrously and recently. Yeah. Is that a moment for reflection on what it meant, what role you played, whether it was worth it, like or no, is it just, I'm a soldier, I did my job next chapter. Well, It wasn't worth it. I mean, everyone can see that, right? It's not just me. I don't think it was worth it at all. I had a great time. I would say none of it was really worth it in a strategic sense.


In a tactical sense, You know what I mean? Like honestly. But the reality is, is like, oh man, I had the time of my life and I, I would want anyone to know, like people, people like to thank me for my service and it's like I did whatever the fuck I wanted. I don't actually need any thanks. You know what I mean? Like a kid who was like a cook getting mortared in fucking wherever in Iraq, nightly. That kid needs to be thanked. Like I was just, I was just doing what I do. Well how Do you reconcile it with stories like, You know, Marcus Latrell and What happened to him? Yeah. And he's definitely got some lasting Yeah. PTSD from that. Yeah.


It's been a rough ride back home. Yeah. I don't even get that. I was out alone all the time. Like I was out alone in Afghanistan. I don't get how being the lone survivor, I just don't understand that story. Only because I was out alone all the time. It didn't happen to me. You know what I mean? Because of the decisions I make on the ground. Well, you're not blaming him. I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying it's so, that's so foreign to me. I don't even understand it because I can tell you this, the Taliban could come after me. There'd be a whole lot of dead bodies for sure. And I'm just one person. I believe that, imagine if there was two or three of me Bring them.


That's, I mean, that's one of the worst stories of the war. And he, what, what he went through is Stoffle and I, it's not just him, You know, I, was it last year? No, it was two years ago. We talked to Dakota Meyer. He's doing great now. But You know, he came back, he won the, was awarded the medal of honor and wanted to kill himself. Like he, there are tough, tough guys. Not, these are not weak men who they, they don't process it the way you do. I think if there, so you could somehow teach this, it would be extremely valuable. Right? I could teach anybody this. I, I feel like anybody could use this. People who have different traumas, it Would, it would start by me locking you in a room and beating you first.


Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. I know exactly. I, I might sign up for that, but I think people Would don't touch the moneymaker. No, of Course, of course. No bruises, no marks. I'm a pro. Like, I, I've done a bunch of interrogations, but I got this, I mean like, is there some sort of toughen you up John camp? No, There isn't. I mean the shirt, no, what does it read? Team S. So B Yeah, I called you tough. SOB. Same thing. Thank you. Thank you. So this is not something I can sign up for. So, or I can go learn skills. I don't have Any classes like this. Oh, that's too Bad. I mean, this is, maybe I should, I mean, you're missing an opportunity. Leadership, right? Leadership. Can it be taught? I think so. I think so. Like most of my guys, if my guys killed somebody, I brought 'em all in a room.


I made everyone have a drink. I made sure I told 'em they did exactly right. You know, this was expected of 'em. Right. Like, this is your job, like someone should thank you. And I think if all that happens on the spot, you're less likely to carry the guilt with you later. So I believe a lot of this is framed up poorly a long time ago. Yeah. And then I believe guys ride the hall pass for a long time and I call the hall pass booze. But some people do drugs, some people do. I don't know what people do. But for me, my hall pass was booze, You know what I mean? And then Still drink or no, no more. Well I'm training for worlds right now.


So I am currently not drinking World's in what? Juujitsu. Oh wow. All all you ex-military guys. Ju juujitsu. Why is that? I don't know. Juujitsu. It's an hour of my day where I don't have to look at the phone. It's a, sometimes there's minutes where someone's actually like choking the living shit outta me. So I hear, and the stubborn side of me is like, I'm not giving it to 'em. You know what I mean? They can pull Out. Isn't it involuntary? No. What? Well, No, when they choke you out. No. Yeah. No, It's not involuntary uhuh. Okay. I gotta learn those moves. If you, If you make me give it to you, I'll give it to you. Otherwise you could choke the shit outta me and I'll just ride it, You know?


Oh my Lord. But when I'm in real survival mode, someone puts me in trouble. I gotta think about what's next. My leverage, my everything control, my breathing, my heart rate. I call that real survival mode. Like that's, I'm, I'm so thankful for that. It's, it's a clarity of sometimes, oh, I, I, You know what I mean? Envious of it. Yes. I hear You. So it's like, You know how like people talk about runners high, like, You know, I do cardio. It doesn't make me high ever. I've always hated it. But like juujitsu is, I don't know. Sometimes when I'm in real survive, I don't gotta think about my phone. I don't gotta think about my life. Are you always going against somebody? Yeah. Who knows what they're doing? And is it, is it usually an instructor or another like, Well, Participant in the class Or whatever?


I, because I travel, I hit I think 28, 30 different dojos a year. Oh. I just walk in. And Do you worry about like, out matching somebody to the point where you're gonna hurt them and get sued or No, I'm not gonna hurt anybody. Cause to damage. No, I'm a recovering lawyer. This is how I think about these things. Oh No, not at all. It's jujitsu. Like, look, this is unarmed. There's no hurting somebody. There's not, there's hurting somebody. I'm not gonna Hurt. Well, yeah, but you stop as You, is it like Yeah. As you get better at it, right? Like, this is the point of submission. If you thought I was gonna hurt you, you could tap. Okay. So that's your escape button. That's like the, the safe gesture.


Don't, don't hurt me anymore, please. I've had enough. Yeah, you just tap. So What are you doing now? I'm training for Worlds Cut and Weight right now. But we do for money. Oh, I teach people to shoot. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. 'cause you were a sniper, right? I was, yeah. We didn't even get, we didn't even go over That. No, no, no. Yeah, Yeah. How many guns do you own? Seriously? I couldn't count More or less than JD Vance's. Mammaw had in her house when she, I don't even know how many that Is. I think it was 19. Oh Yeah. I don't want to admit to anything, You know what I mean? Where Are you living? I live in Raleigh, North Carolina. No. Where specifically? Give us the street at. No, I'm, I'm only kidding. I'm like kidding.


I live in So you settled in the warmth? Well, I live near Fort Bragg still. Okay. You know what I Mean? And you, you work with them and do you do anything? I don't do anything in Fort Bragg. I try not to. What do you do for fun? Like how do you let your hair down? I do juujitsu. I off road with my buddies. I got one of them side by side off road vehicle vehicles. That's fun. Yeah, I do. That Does, there's a guy who wear goes in the side, one put on a little white scarf and a little leather helmet. He'll Get it muddy. You know what I mean? I wouldn't bring light on these trips. But yeah, we, we normally offroad in the Arizona Mountains yearly. Oh yeah. We go to this place, crown King, oldest bar.


There's no dirt. It's all dirt roads, no pavement. Stay up there in cabins. And it's kind of like, I don't know. We offroad, we drive, I eat cheeseburgers and I drink whiskey and then Sounds right on brand. I, I do that all weekend. I don't shower either. I don't even care ever. Let's go. We're four-wheeling. Let's, Okay, so you shower, just not on this particular trip. Yeah, But I four-wheel man, I, You know, and then I just, I love teaching people to shoot. It's kind of like the thing I'm really good at. Wow. Yeah. What do you think, I know you're not, you don't really watch the news. Do you follow politics at all?


Like, what do you think of Trump? What do you think of Pete, Seth as the top guy at Pentagon? Yeah. Well first off, talk to Pete. I need one of these Pentagon jobs. Tell me I shouldn't be. I will. The deputy of special Operations. Is that what you would like? Hell Yeah. Let's Go. I I'll make a Call. Oh man. But look, I like Trump. I like Vance. I like Pete. I like what they're doing and like, what can I say? Like, I think they make good inherent decisions, like for long term, which we're not really used to here. You know what I mean? But I think they're all good. I don't watch the news or nothing, but I think they're good so far.


I think I thought Trump made great policies last time, You know what I mean? What Have you seen enough of Pete to know what you like about him? Well, man, I got a ton of buddies that know Pete. Like, everybody loves Pete. You know what I mean? Like, that's all I needed to hear. And you know, like the, like the Pentagon, we ain't won war lately. And you know, these generals will be like, oh, well he was just lower enlisted saying that. But like, yo, I watched you guys every day make fucked up decisions. I try to tell you and you'd be mad at me. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, not that I was always right, but like sometimes you are wrong also.


And it's the, I think it's the hubris of the Pentagon that needs to be taken down a few notches. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like, anyway, yeah. So I would happily serve this country and make everything better, You know what I mean? That's Awesome. And we need, we need guys like you raising your hands. Thanks. Well, I love that you came in to tell us your story. Thank you. It's, thank you. You're such an interesting man. I love, I love everything about you. What a character you are. Thank You. I Hope we can find a way to get you back surfing. Let's go, let's go, let's call Pete. Pete, where you at? Speed's. Call speed up. Let's, let's call Djt. See if he's got something for you. Let's call Him right now. Get him on the line. I'm in. I, whether you wanna hear or not, thank you for your service.


Ah, You're welcome. Thank you. It's a pleasure to meet you. Ah, thank you. Yeah. All the best to you all. Didn't I tell you? He's unbelievable. What a guy, John McVee. Thank you once again. You know, it's just incredible the the stuff that our troops go through and the different mindsets that they develop along the way, right? It's our, our honor to talk to him. It's our honor to talk to all of our troops who have served in battle. And the, if you, if you're into what you heard today, you should go back and listen to the earlier Memorial Day shows that we've done since we launched. The first one was in 2021. And, and that was Rob O'Neill. We've done Marcus Latrell, we've done Dakota Meyer recipient of the Medal of Honor. It is just, these guys are, they're living life around us.


They're kind of back to normal in to the extent one can be with having these incredible backgrounds. So it's well worth our time to take a moment to learn from them and remember what they and our other troops have done for us while we've been sitting at home in our air conditioning. Right? So that's what today is all about. Especially honoring, honoring the fallen. We do that here. Thank them and their families for their service. In the meantime, I hope you have a great day with your families and I hope you have some time off. You can think about what matters. And I hope you'll tune in tomorrow when we have a live show and a special Kelly's court. Everybody loves Kelly's court and we are bringing it to you tomorrow, so don't miss that. We'll see you soon.


Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Did You know that chips and fries used to be cooked in tallow up until the 1990s when big corporations switched to cheap processed gross seed oils. But today, seed oils make up 20% of the average American's daily calories. And some studies have linked seed oils to metabolic health issues and inflammation in the body. We had a couple of experts on this show a couple years ago telling us about how seed oils can help create bad fat on your body. That is a lot harder to lose. FYI check it out. Anyway, this company Masa decided to do something about it. They created a tasty and delicious tortilla chip with just three ingredients and no seed oils, organic corn, sea salt, and 100% grass fed beef tallow. We need this product. These chips don't just avoid all the bad stuff. They taste incredible too. This is not that hard to do. More companies need to do this. We don't need all that crap in our food. Masa is crunchier. It's tastier and it's sturdier than other chips. And an added bonus, the beef tallow makes the chips much more satiating so you won't find yourself uncontrollably binging and still feeling hungry immediately thereafter. MAA chips, it's beloved by thousands of customers and it's been endorsed by industry leading health and nutrition experts. You ready to give Masa a try? Go to maa chips, m masa chips.com/mk and use code MK for 25% off your first order. That's masa chips.com/mk. Use code mk to get 25% off your first order.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Firestone Complete auto care's epic savings event is the sign you need to stop putting off your car's maintenance and you can save up to $100 on tires and services while you're at it. Don't wait. Call Firestone Complete auto care for an appointment.