
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Happy Monday. It's three weeks to go Now before election day. Can You believe it? Three weeks to go. And there's a ton of news. Vice President Kamala Harris is out today trying to counter the polls, showing she is shedding support with black men. Governor Tim Walls is going hunting and failing on a number of levels. And Senator JD Vance is taking on the corporate media. In an interview with ABC's Martha Ratt That may be one of the most memorable exchanges of the 2024 campaign.


This person used to be a respected journalist, I, don't know what's happened to her But. She's a hot mess. Now. And we'll show You the latest example of That. Joining me Now, two of our friends from National Review. Charles C. Cooke Cooke is host of the Charles CW Cooke podcast. And Michael Brendan Doherty is senior writer for National Review.


Let me ask You a question. Do You think our country's going in the right direction or does it feel like things are falling apart? If You are feeling alarmed. You're not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life, If taken action to prepare for whatever is coming next. And That, just start with having an emergency food supply. Storing food in your home can be valuable in this crazy time in America, which explains why so many people are preparing right Now. You can get ready to with a three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff. I would eat That, right, Now honey wheat bread, mushroom rice peel off the entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. This food kit lasts up to 25 years. How's That even possible? Who knows what our country's gonna look like then? But You can know you'll be ready for it. Whatever comes go to prepare with Megyn dot com. Now to order your three months emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply, prepare with Megyn dot com.


Charlie MBD, welcome back guys. Great to have You, especially on this day, man. A lot's happening. All right, let me just kick it off with a little polling news. And then I would love to know your explanations as to why You think this news is so bad for her today. I mean, look, overall the race is tied so nobody should be heaving any size of relief on team Trump. But. He's got the momentum, right? Now and even his detractors are admitting it. ABC News slash Ipsos, likely voters Harris is up two 50 to 48. That's within the margin of error. That's basically a tie. But. The last poll in mid-September had her up five five among registered voters.


For what it's worth, she's up to as well. on the last poll, in mid-September had her up four in That, same poll, 56% say They Now favor deporting all illegal immigrants in this country. That's up 20 points from eight years ago. Think of That. Wow. And same percentage, 56% believe the federal government should restore access to abortion to the level it was pre Dobbs, which reversed Roe versus Wade. A, B, C found 44% say They are not as well off financially as They were under Trump. So the economy, immigration, abortion, all playing major roles.


So then let me jump to N. BC. This is a poll of registered voters, dead, even dead, even 48. 48 But. The last poll in September had Harris up five are You sensing a trend? What caused the change? September, she had a net positive of plus three Now. She has a net negative overall rating of minus six in immigration. Trump has fortified his approval in September, he was up 21 points over her Now. He's up 25 points over her. He went up three points and his approval over how he would handle inflation versus her.


And even when it comes to who represents change, which voters want, she had a nine point advantage over him in September. Now, it's gone down four points to only five. Here's the final. Are Biden's policies helping or hurting You? They're helping 25%. They're hurting 45%. And it's almost the exact reverse when They ask about Trump's policies. 44% say They were helping. And 31% say They hurt. Wow. A lot in there. Charles. I'll start with You. Why do You think That is mid-September. It's October 13th today, Yes 14th, today. 14th.


So what do You think caused the difference? I think she did. I. Keefe being told I. Think with some reason That, Donald Trump has struggle to define her That. They didn't get out there quickly enough. That. They were beaten in the ad market and I think There is something to That. The first impression of Kamala Harris That everyone had was the one That. The press created. She being an avatar But, it seems to me That many of the declines in her fortunes. And as You say, the election is still tied. So We ought not to forget That But, many of the declines in her fortunes have been the result of her going out there and trying to speak English in public, which she can't do.


And this has always been the challenge for them. Trump has his own challenges. He's not going to change But. He's also been with us for 10 years. She's new. People are discovering what she's like. So it seems to me That, she had two choices. One was to hide, in which case You allow the Republicans to define You. And the other is to go out there and define yourself. But, she's been out there defining herself and her favorability ratings have dropped nearly 10 points. And she's struggling on a number of the issues. And You would expect That because she's incapable of answering questions. She is incapable of accounting for her past positions.


She doesn't even have an answer. When asked, what would You do differently than Joe Biden? She didn't have an answer to That question when she'd been asked it in the morning and flubbed it and then was asked it the same day again. She couldn't do it. She's fundamentally unimpressive. She's fundamentally hollow and she's fundamentally on the wrong side of a number of issues. That matter, Now Yes, there are exceptions to That. Abortion is one of them. And it's no accident I. Think That That is the one topic on which she's eloquent and forceful and knows the arguments. But when it comes to the economy, when it comes to the border, when it comes to inflation, when it comes to Joe Biden, she can't answer the question.


So I think most of this has been inflicted by Kamala Harris on herself. I mean MBD. He has a point. 'cause If You, look at what changed between mid-September and right Now mid-October. That's the biggest thing she got out there. She started talking. Yeah, that's s Charles is absolutely right. She's the one doing this to herself. Tim Walz has also been totally unimpressive. He was unimpressive in his debate with JD Vance. He is kind of weird and unsettling as an interview guest or even You know in in a photo You know a candid shot on the, on the campaign trail.


They have not projected confidence or competence. And meanwhile, I think Trump is actually doing some things right? That are booing him. And he's at basically his highest approval rating since he walked down the You know since he came down the escalator nine years ago. And I think one reason is he is focused almost relentlessly on suburban voters and their core concerns about the economy and immigration and I think he's benefiting tremendously from a kind of side campaign that's being conducted by figures like Tucker Carlson or You know RFT Jr, who are going out there doing events and kind of rallying That popula base.


That Trump brought into politics nine years ago while Trump is, is speaking to You know moms and dads in the suburbs about their key concerns. I think both those things are working together to, to kind of fill out his coalition at a time when people are judging Harris and aren't really Sure about her. Now You know, she just doesn't have any of the You know. She, she came out onto the stage in the Democratic convention and That was kind of her peak moment. And ever since then, she's been totally unimpressive and, and totally unable to distinguish herself from Joe Biden. So in That way, You know she's Now running on Biden's record.


She she won't distance herself from it. And people don't like the condition of the country as it is, right? Now, Now, MBD. What do You make of the fact? That, he's gone up four points on his immigration rating on how people feel about his immigration policies and presumably messaging in the wake of they're eating the dogs like I heard You guys talking about this on the editors. That's him bringing an issue home to people in a, in a way That You can remember I mean. That's the thing about Trump believe it or don't believe it. And frankly, I mean I saw two cats on a barbecue, on a, on Chris Ruffo feed, But, whatever.


It's easy to remember and it's horrifying. And either way it keeps the issue in the news nonstop, Right? And it's totally, and again, it's connected at That. Suburban voter I mean who cares more about their pets than people That spend You know money on like massage therapy for their, for their cats like the suburban people You know. And so yeah, he, he's he's also right That. Like there are these stories coming out. There's You Know a new documentary out, a new Chris Ruffo piece about a community in Pennsylvania that's had an influx of 4,000 Haitian immigrants in the past couple of years.


And it does, it changes the culture of these of these towns. It makes it forbidding for residents and You know issues about food ways or You know tr traffic accidents can totally change. You know people's intensity and perception of this issue. I mean even You know Locally in my own community, a few years ago a huge slate of immigration restrictionist candidates were elected because an illegal immigrant crashed into a young girl and her mother coming out of a dance studio. The Dr the driver was illegal and drunk and killed them both. And You know the next election was a reckoning because it was only after he'd killed two people.


That Ice decided to do anything about this guy who had been a scuff law for years. So You know it's those memorable stories. That, That You know That really jump out and Trump has been telling them on the campaign trail. Charlie, the problem of her speaking continues. I I. Guess she hasn't quite gotten the message. That. She's not good at this. And We know it. And it's not just the guys from National Review and me. Those are not the only ones who know it. Her voters know it because her numbers are going down with independence. Yeah, who previously had shown an open mind toward her.


So what does she do? more talking. And this morning she continued the inane messaging. That. We have seen so many times over and over and over. This audience knows exactly what to expect. Now before I even play this soundbite. This is the moment where I wish I just have my audience speak as I speak audience I will give You one. Guess what? What three words she used in addressing the in these streets guys on what she just loves about America has to do with our dreams and ambitions.


And I'm Sure aspirations I can't remember exactly But. She says exactly the same thing every weekday. She goes, it's not a policy, it's just some amorphous goal That she's using to try to make herself sound like Barack Obama. But failing. Take a listen to Sat too. How do We, how do We get here? You smell good. You look Good. Oh. That's better than smelling bad. Thank You. I know You smell great. You look great I do You appreciate You. Do You feel great? It has been a whirlwind for You. I. Feel good? You know. Listen, We have 23 days as of today until the election and I am in these streets traveling and talking with folks. And I'm out here doing the work of earning then the vote.


So That We can get to the job of continuing to move forward. And for me, That is about pushing for an opportunity economy, which is about Oh. Lord, tapping into the ambitions and the aspirations of folks I know, stop it. The ambitions, the aspirations, the incredible work ethic That exists in our community. I know the dreams, That exist, Oh But. Not everyone has started out on the same base in terms of being able to realize their goals and their dreams. So my plan is to build what I call an opportunity economy. What call?


Which call means giving people an opportunity to actually achieve those ambitions, those goals and those dreams. Oh, my God, Charlie I can't, Charlie, even my intellect cannot handle it. And I can't imagine what it is like for someone with your big brain. By the way, I just need to correct myself. The podcast call is called the Shade. Room I misread a a quote about what she says in it for the name of the podcast, which I confess, I've never heard of But. What do You make of That? Stirring message? What I make of it is That. She can't think. See, I think, as I've said before, That people mistake what's going on here? They think she's not eloquent or That, she's nervous or That.


She's just unused to speaking in public. But, I. Think what We just saw was another example of how she just doesn't have anything in her head. She hasn't ever contrived a worldview. She doesn't have any ideological moorings. She's never thought about policy. The description of the economy she says she wants to build, never gets beyond That. I mean you're right to point out That. She uses the same three words. But, she's been tweeting recently and that's why I have a plan. But, she never says what it is. There's no second tweet, there's no link to anything else. Now. I understand That politics is about more than white papers.


I understand. You have to talk in generalities to some extent. Show where You stand and for whom You stand. But, there are very few politicians who limit their entire verbal output to cliches. They do at some point get into the details and she just can't do it. I mean A good example of this was in her interview with Stephanie Rule, hardly a hardball sit down where she said, You know We need to make the rich pay their fair share. Now, that's a stump line, that's a That cliche. That has been utter by Joe Biden and Barack Obama before her. And then Stephanie Rule said to her, well what happens?


If Congress is run by Republicans and They refuse to raise the taxes You want. And she said three times, well, We have to. And then she said, and that's it. That's not an argument. That's not a position. There is nothing to That. That is just absolute fluff. I don't believe there is anything more to Kamala Harris than You just saw. And I think your listeners by this point should know I'm fair-minded enough to accept when That is not true. Look, I had a lot of problems with Barack Obama. I really did not like Barack Obama. You know We. just talk for days about why I didn't like Barack Obama. But. obviously the man is smart and obviously the man had thought about what he believed and what he wanted to do.


Bill Clinton, before him even more so You know Bill Clinton by all accounts for somebody who just answer the second question and the third question and the fourth question, who really was interested in policy as the governor of Arkansas? And then as president of the United States? Paris has never shown in anything That she has done before or after this candidacy, That. She has any knowledge whatsoever beyond the first point. She just repeats these phrases and then moves on. And I, don't think there's anything there. I, I. Think you're being too hard on her. Listen to her in Scottsdale, Arizona, speaking specifically to what is at stake in this election.


So when We think about what's at stake in this election, whoa, it's packed with some stuff. It's packed with some fundamental stuff. I say rather articulately Oh. God do You wanna take it all back. You feel bad. Now, right? You. I proven You wrong. The laugh is a giveaway too. She knows. She knows at one level That. She's got nothing there. She knows what We know MBD. There's just, I've got because I have to I must show You and the audience They know But, it's, it Bears reinforcing.


She only has a couple of tricks. That's it is You got a few tricks and she trots 'em out and she tries each time to say it like it's the first time she's saying it. But, there's nothing else there. It be one thing. If. These were sprinkled amidst more substantive policy prescriptions, But. Here she was sitting down with Roland Martin in Sat one. Take a listen. W, why do You want this? Why do You want to be president? There's somebody who's saying why should I trust her with the power of being commander in chief? I love our country. Roland Oh, God I believe. I believe in the American people.


And I know We are a people who have the character. That have ambition, That have aspirations and dreams. I can't. And I intend to be a president who meets people with opportunities for them to, to not just get by But, get ahead. No, it's what she calls an opportunity economy. MBD. That's what she call, see, she came up with this clever phrase. My team doesn't show me all these before the show They just They. Just tell me about them in the packet. And I see them as You guys. See them I. I really don't know how much more of this I can handle.


It's ludicrous That. This person is running for president. I'm not Sure. It's an I improvement on Joe Biden. Fundamentally You know, she's, to be honest, she she's not, she's not really That more cogent than he is. She doesn't You know produces That many more sentences than he does. And it's actually even worse when You really look at it because not only is it substance less and she's trying to run this vibes campaign where You just fill in the blank. Like Oh, there's some stuff in this election and You fill it in. But, she's, she's trying to run on this Oh, I'm a positive fresh face for the future.


But. She's doing it with all these cliches. I'm in the streets, I'm doing the work. Now, compare That You know to Donald Trump and Donald Trump will go on stage and he'll, he's like it. It's like the difference between a nervous person on a date. That's Kamala Harris. And then You know a pro like Trump with the opposite sex. The You know. Kamala says like Oh. I like You. So much Oh. That's really interesting. Trump comes to Detroit and says something like, You know I. just be on a, on one of my beaches, I, just be on one of my golf resorts. But, I'm here in Detroit 'cause I wanna save the country or something like That.


And he's like, he's literally teasing them like, I don't really want to be here. Maybe Michigan I kind of think it's kind of a dump in some ways. And They love him for it, right? It just shows so much more social intelligence and relatability than what Kamala is doing. What Kamala is doing is just, it, it looks like she's trying to survive the moment. Like she's constantly reaching for the life raft to pull her into the boat with each question. That's so true. You're uncomfortable watching it, Right? And and That fundamentally doesn't You don't look at That performance in a, in an interview, a low pressure interview with someone who's sympathetic to You and You.


Don't look at That performance and say, Oh. That's what I want in an executive, which is what the, the president is You Look at Trump and he's just joking around with You. He's teasing. Kind of nagging the audience. You know. He'll say something like, You know we're real conservative, maybe we're a little liberal too and just laugh. And he has That confidence. So yeah, I think that's fundamentally why she's she is sinking in the polls. I mean people don't want another You know blank card in the White House. There's a way in which You know the, the, the tickets Democrats have put forward is sort of a fake, right?


It is sort of like Joe Biden was kind of Barack Obama's affirmative action candidate for vice president like Okay. I need to fill out a white guy on my ticket to reassure people. And then Biden specifically casts Kamala Harris as a kind of affirmative action hire like Okay I need a black woman on my ticket. And then she does the same thing to Tim Walz like I need another formative action. So You get this feeling That, they're just empty representations on the face of a progressive blob. That does its own thinking and That, they're not really even in charge of themselves and If, they're not in charge of themselves.


Why would You like them to be in charge of the country? Yeah, who's in charge? I mean We. Think maybe Jake Sullivan But speaking of foreign policy. Here's another thing. She, she not, not only can she not think Charlie I completely agree with That But. She knows nothing. She knows nothing. She, she memorized I think note cards on various subjects to be able to handle That debate and If. She wasn't primed for That debate on a subject. She's out, she's got nothing. We saw this in the 60 Minutes interview. They, as everybody knows, They did not release the transcript. So We don't know exactly what was taken out of the interview.


But. They did put some portion of the outtakes s on what's called 60 minutes extra, which is the online property. Well they'll show You s some overtime I mean, which is, which is like They. They'll show You their next favorite collection of exchanges. That didn't quite make the cut and in That, They aired some more foreign policy questions like They asked her about China and Tay and Taiwan and she said, I'm not gonna answer hypotheticals as though this were a deposition. And You know she had been trained to not give anything more to her cross examiner than was necessary as opposed to a job interview with us where we're actually entitled to know how she sees That issue, which is really important.


And then she gets to Iran and she does it again. Watch this. This is from the 60 interview. Which foreign country do You consider to be our greatest adversary? I. Think there's an obvious one in mind which is Iran. Iran has American blood on their hands. Okay this, this attack on Israel. 200 ballistic missiles. What We need to do to ensure That Iran never achieves the ability to be a nuclear power. That is one of my highest priorities. So If You have And That must be proof That. Iran is building a nuclear weapon. Would You take military action?


I'm not gonna talk about hypotheticals at this moment. Okay will You take military action. I'm not gonna talk hypotheticals then. By the time We got to this past Friday, three days ago, she was on a call with Jewish voters. This issue came up again. Clearly she'd been primed. Clearly she doesn't have an aversion to answering hypotheticals. She just didn't know when Bill Whitaker asked her what to say and then at some point her team got to her and here's how she handled it on Friday. Make no mistake as President I will never hesitate to take whatever action is necessary to defend American forces and interests from Iran and Iran, back terrorists and I will never allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon.


Diplomacy is my preferred path to That. End. But. All options are on the table. You tell me Charlie I think she was reading. She Yeah, she was reading. She's actress an actress. She's an actress. It's creepy. You just, just as easily imagine her saying the opposite words. And That is just not true of her opponent who has many of his own flaws and doesn't do the reading either. You know I have long defended much to the groans of many conservatives. Many of the career politicians, That We have at present in our system and have had historically You know it is easy to gripe But career politicians and when You mean people who believe in nothing and just go along with it for the pension.


I, completely agree. But, there are some great career politicians. Abraham Lincoln, Winston Churchill, Ronald Reagan. These people were in office a long time. They were interested in politics a long time. And one of the reasons That, it can be so useful to be a career politician. A dreaded thing is because over time If You have a genuine interest in politics. Then You build up a genuine set of beliefs about the world. I always, when asked how I got into politics will tell people I didn't know anything till nine 11. That was a moment when I thought I should learn some things about the world. I was completely blissfully ignorant. I was 16 years old when That happened and I thought I need to develop some theories about the world. 'cause I had just lived in this sort of eighties, nineties end of history period.


And, it was great. And since then, and I'm not running for president, don't worry, But since then, I have just because I work in politics and I'm interested in politics and You end up listening to people who are interested in and interesting about politics, develop certain theories about the law and about taxes and about foreign policy and about the relationship between the federal government and the states and so on and so forth. This is something That happens naturally. If You spend time in this arena. Well, Harris has been in politics in one way or another, Now for more than 20 years. And she genuinely does not seem to have any interest or information or education about almost anything. And those examples You gave We great because what They show is she had been briefed probably about Iran most recently because it is currently in the news in relation to Israel.


So she had That on her tongue. So she was asked, well, which is the worst country? And she said, well it's gotta be Iran. 'cause That was the last one she'd heard But, she hadn't thought about the next bit, which is, well would You do anything about Iran? If it tried to get a nuclear weapon. So the next time That the topic comes up, she makes Sure That. She's been told That particular piece of information she's developed or had written out for her. An answer on That But again, If You said to her a follow up and I dunno what That would be 'cause I'm not an expert in this area. But, If, You said a follow up. Well, well how would You strike them? In which region would You strike them? What about their backup facility in Make Up the City here, I don't think she'd have an answer. 'cause I really do think That, her interest and knowledge in this is limited to, as Michael said, the exact moment, the purpose at any given point for Harris is to get through the interview or get through the fundraiser or get through the speech.


There's no long term thinking. She doesn't have aspirations, she doesn't have goals, she doesn't have a vision of the United States. Ironic in 2030 or 2040. Yeah. And do You know If? That really matters to me. And I'll finish by saying this, I am a huge critic of Trump's in many, many ways. But, the one thing That is weird about Trump is, although I disagree with a lot of the views That he has held since the 1980s, he actually does have a vision of the United States. He knows what he thinks the problem is. He knows by whom he thinks We are getting screwed. He knows which rules he thinks ought to change. He knows which people he thinks have been left behind. Now I will argue against him on this until I'm blue in the face when I disagree with him.


But, he did enter politics with more than just the aspiration of getting elected. And I wonder, If If, he does win in November. Whether that's going to ultimately be the difference, She doesn't know the answer MBD, unless it's been written out for her and she's reading it in a prompter or like on That call in which she was not on cam or it was on one of those note cards. And They do anticipate sometimes what the question will be. I submit to You and have to, my audience That, when she sat down with Oprah That, she was given the questions in advance because Oprah's not a journalist. And If, you're not a journalist, you're allowed to do this. They, they've, I've told the audience, I, I've been on the view many times.


They, give They, give You the questions in advance. You sit there in the green room like why are You giving me the questions? I'm fine, I'm good You, just ask me what You wanna ask me. These other talk shows have offered, we'll, I'll give You the questions in advance. We never did That when at at Fox or N b, c or anything I've been associated with But. The more lighter talk shows, we'll do it. And I guarantee You in my opinion. Oprah gave her the questions. So she was asked the one question about it might've even That one I can't remember who came from it might have been from Merrill But. it was about how That We wanted to feel proud about America. Again, Okay and I. I want You to listen to what she said to Oprah because it's gonna come back in a second.


I think it's so nine. You know Oprah is as vice president, I have, I've met over 150 world leaders, presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and kings. And the thing about representing the United States of the America is when We walk in those rooms around the world, We have historically and traditionally been able to walk in those rooms, chin up, shoulders back with the self-appointed and earned authority to talk about the importance of democracies. People around the world are watching, right? Now, because You, see, the thing about walking into a room and being a role model is people watch what You do to see If.


It lines up with what You say. Okay. Here she is this weekend speaking in Scottsdale, Arizona. So We are all here together because We love our country. We love our country. And I was talking with some folks recently about the importance of understanding the, the duality, frankly, That exist in terms of our democracy. Oh Lord You know as your vice president and I have Now met over 150 world leaders, presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and Kings, chancellors and kings.


And when We representing the United States walk in those rooms, traditionally we've been able to walk in those rooms, chin up, chin Up, shoulders back, chin, shoulders back With the earned and self-appointed authority to talk about the importance of democracies. Rule of law. This is unbelievable. But I say to a room of role models. Here's the thing about being a role model. When you're a role model, folks, watch what You do to see If. It matches up to what You say Or to see If. It's what You say every single time. Because You have no independent thinking MBD.


It's also like this is the progressive nat like memory of history, right? So Progressives always talking about pride of their country in terms of the condition of the country in the last week or the last election. And then If, it didn't go their way. They're kind of indifferent about it. And then They write the 1619 project. Wait And well, let me, let me stand You by there for a second. I know I know where you're going. And I wanna hear this. But and and I wanna get to the substantive analysis because she's of course like We. Can't be proud of America unless I'm president or somebody other than Trump. But do You it do You. See the forensic diagnosis of what she's doing there. She only delivers canned lines.


She's an actress. There is no substance to this person. She's good at trying to make it sound like she just thought of it like That duality line. She's used That a million times. We've played That too. She's only got a few arsenals, a few quivers in her arsenal and that's all she can use. If, it's not in there. She resorts to I. Can't answer a hypothetical or, so what we're seeing is alarming. There's no there there. This is not a person even of substance. She can't do this job, Right? I mean You. See she's, she's fundamentally the most insecure person who is run for president in our lifetimes.


I mean And. it is just, it is right. There on her face. Deer in headlights. She cannot think for herself. You know. It is like I've seen You know in in, in my experience as a journalist, I've seen Now, how people prepare for debates or interviews and candidates do this. And the really dumb ones try to memorize their answers. The really smart ones, just get the most intelligent and difficult questions prepared for them by their own staff. And then They, think through them and use their own brain and just prepare their own thoughts and They, they're ready in the moment for however That question is asked to engage with their brain, with their heart as a human hopefully as well.


And what You see there is someone who, who she wants to engage on That like heart to heart level, But. She can't get past the the brain malfunction, which is, you've asked me a question and Now, I've gotta search for my prepared speech lines for it, which aren't That long and don't have much substance and aren't gonna satisfy You. And then she kind of senses That the crowd isn't satisfied and tenses up even more. So. Yeah, like on the stagecraft, this is You know this is pretty hideous performance and and on the substance again like it's just not true.


Progressives never felt this way when Reagan was elected. They would point to the European press saying, Oh, the Americans have elected a cowboy fascist who's gonna start World War III with Russia when You know when Barack Obama went on his European tour before the two Oh Oh eight election You know, he was saying basically like Oh I have to restore America's tarnished image from George W Bush. So basically like whenever a Republican is elected the Democrat, Democrats say, That You know our reputation around the whole world has been ruined. You know and They just point to the progressive press overseas in a handful of countries to do this.


It's it. It is ridiculous. And it. The idea That she alone and Trump alone stand for this stark divide is nonsense. This is just, this is history repeating itself over and over again. It is in fact it's another clea, just another brain dead cliche. Not for nothing. But, here's a little bit more on her love of this duality nonsense. The nature of democracy is, is it's there. There are two sides to it in terms of the nature of it. There's a duality. You know I. Think That. There's a duality to the nature of democracy when it's intact. Oh, it's so strong, The nature of democracy, there's a duality to it.


It has two sides to it. We know there's a duality to the nature of democracy on the one hand, incredible strength when it is intact. What it does for its people to protect and defend their rights, their liberty and their freedom. Incredibly strong and incredibly Fragile. I'll miss her when she's gone. I'll miss her. A little I. Guess I. Don't know she's entertaining. Meantime, let's take a look at her vp, all right, because he was out there this weekend and they're comparing this to I mean Charlie was in his crib.


But I was 17 and a freshman at Syracuse University when Michael Dukakis ran in 1988. And this happened when he got in the tank and he thought people thought he might actually get the ball in the end zone until he got into a little tank and rode around in the tank when he was running against George h W Bush. Well we'll just start with That before I show You. What Waltz did here was Michael Dukakis back in the day in the moment, That really kind of ended his career. Hear the laughter.


Sleep recorders. He has a helmet on. He's tough shit. Now be careful saying, Alright, come on, put him up. And here he comes. General Patton, general Abrams, no Governor Dukakis writing to glory in every little kid's. Rambo Dream, Sam Donaldson. Well They're comparing this moment by Tim Walz to That because he looked so inept and like a faker, like he didn't belong there and he was trying to convince us of something That wasn't real as he decided to go pheasant hunting.


And Charlie, you're a gun guy. You, tell me whether this looked authentic to You. Here he is. Yes. That's my theory. And. it never fits quite right, never fits quite right. It's just not quite right. How do You give it back? Governor, what kind of gun is it? This is a Beretta a 400. Here is some video of gun enthusiasts showing how you're supposed to handle the gun. That We found online here We go. There's some very attractive gal in a little small tank top who seems much more adept with her rifle than Tim Walz did.


And the problem here Charlie, is That If, you're gonna do anything That You don't do often when you're running for president or vice president You need to nail it. You, you're not gonna fool anybody. And even to the untrained gun person like yours, truly, it was very clear he was not adept with the gun. Like our two friends in That video I just showed You. Yeah, Well I think there's two problems for this. The first problem, and this is specific to wa, is That Wa is a fraud. He just has lied about so many of the aspects of his character and history. Now That. There's no reason for anyone to believe That. He is who he says That he is.


I've never thought That the image That the Harris campaign wanted him to Project was going to be successfully projected because he clearly is not what he pretends to be. But. The second thing, and perhaps the more important thing is That. The Harris campaign seems to have a misunderstanding of why it and the Democratic party writ large has a problem with men. And it's not That. There aren't enough videos on the internet of Tim Walz loading a shotgun. It's because of their policies and a long history of political tendency.


That has been designed to attract women to the party and That has done so successfully. If You go back to Barack Obama's run in 2012. Toward the end, he leaned in very heavily to a whole number of themes. That helped him win That election and beaten MIT Romney But. They've gone so far down That Road, Now That, they've begun to repel Men of all races and They seem to think That. The way That They can fix That is to have Tim Walz go hunting or to have Tim Walz show up on this or That TV show or to let it be known That Tim Walz likes football or That You But. That's, that's just not the problem. And You know, what it reminds me of is a conception That I've seen on the right to some extent But, certainly within the Political Commentary act, the mistakes, policy positions and sincerity for the the sort of advertising guff That We saw in That clip and thus cannot understand why it is.


For example, That Donald Trump who wears a suit every weekday and is worth a lot of money, is unusually attractive to working class voters for a Republican. Or why Donald Trump is doing much better with Hispanics than most Republicans have. Even though he said some pretty bad things about Hispanics and about immigrants and I. Think That, this is a great example of it, right? Is That ultimately Yes? Of course, presentation matters and Trump has put off a lot of winnable voters with really unnecessary behavior. That may cost him this election too. But. Ultimately, people are going to look at your policies. Some of the Trump policies, That have attracted different people.


I don't like I'm much more of a free marketeer, classical liberal But. The voters who have been attracted by them are much more interested in what he's actually proposing to do than They are by whatever superficial nonsense is being pushed out by the super pacs. And it's just true of Harris as well. You're not gonna win those people back from Trump by putting on an orange jacket and pretending to go pheasant hunting. It's just not gonna happen. But, They can't see past it. And the last thing I'll say on this is I. Think That. When You get into the mindset That, the Democratic party in particular has, it's very hard to be able to see That 'cause the Democrats in the contemporary era. This was not true in the nineties under Bill Clinton.


He was a master at this But Now. The Democrats are so obsessed with identity politics and these supposedly immutable characteristics. That define everything We see in the world. That, They really do think, well You are in this group, therefore You are in That group. Therefore, If We appeal to You with our affinity pushes, then You will come to us and That person who says this thing will be put You off. But politics doesn't work like That. Life doesn't work like That. People are just not That shallow. They're much actually less interested in sort of identity politics and what group they're supposed to belong to than They are in their own wellbeing. And That clip was just a perfect example of, of the limits of That.


Kind of politicking. It's so true. And me, as he tried to load the gun, he, he tried several times it wasn't working and he said it never fits quite right as he tried to load the shells in into the Shotguns magazine. Over and over, They They hunted in quotes for three hours. One pheasant was allegedly shot not by walls. The carcass was not recovered. Hmm hmm. I've got questions. I'm not Sure this guy You know he's not fooling anybody. And Bill Maher was making a great point on Friday. That, they've sent him out Now to be their, not only their man ambassador into the manosphere as they're calling it as If Tim.


Walz is going to be anybody's idea of what a real man looks like. Okay I. Guess They couldn't use Doug Emh H anymore given You know his allegations of being a woman beater. In any event, That not only his male outreach But, also his black male outreach, they're counting on Tim Walz apparently to, to bring in black men in response to which Bill Mars said the following, Tim Walz is headlining a voter engagement event tonight with black men who better to connect with young black men than Tim Walz because apparently Michael Bule was unavailable.


But the problem is real. MBD the That. This New York Times poll That just hit on Sat Saturday shows That in 2016, the Dems had an 85 point margin over the Republicans s on black voters. 2020 They had an 81% margin over the Republicans in 2024, it's been reduced to 63, 63 point margin over the Republicans. That's because Trump has made serious inroads with young black men in particular. Yeah, I mean young. Black men are like in some, in a lot of ways, like young white men and young Hispanic men who are all more attracted to Trump than the the opposition.


In some ways You know. And also this, there's an institutional decay happening in the Democratic party where they've You know the, the, the pillars of the Democratic party. You know of the past like unions. You know their leaders feel disaffected. You saw the leader of the teamsters kind of complaining openly about how he has to rebel and show some teeth. Now. It's the same thing with black voters whose You know representatives in the party previously. Like whatever You think of them, Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpton or others were, have been marginalized in favor of this hyper educated female coded You know cossetted.


Let's, let's talk about safe spaces and abortion. The exclusion of every other issue, including the economy. And, and so they're, they're losing men. And Trump has always appealed to men as an aspirational figure or to a lot of men. I mean he is probably the most named white man in rap lyrics. And You know he has a real personality and he is really funny and really connects with people at a basic level with without pandering them to them in an inauthentic way. That speaks to people and it's, it's particularly on this, this campaign.


I mean what what Walls made in That video looked like it was a negligent discharge video. Like it looked like it was gonna end with his head coming off. And like a lesson for YouTubers like about gun safety, Like a July 4th Warning and the fact That Democrat, the fact That Democrats didn't even know it looked like That is a problem and tells You something about the problem They have connecting to these voters. That They don't understand anymore, including That stupid men for Kamala video That They made, which was also embarrassment. Yes this one quickly. Play 33 before We. Go to break. Listen I know you've knocked and knocked and I know you've called and called I know you've given and given and you're worn out.


But. The truth is You are You are the front lines. This is it. I mean. I'm looking at these beautiful faces, these women and at these strong men. God, is there anything sexier than a man who is like men for Kamala? Many, many things. Jennifer Garner. Many Charlie and MBD, stay with me. Don't go away.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device. That measures your metabolism through your breath. The app shows whether you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. You, breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and then based on your measurements, lumen will give You a personalized nutrition plan for the day. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals to get real-time insights. Your metabolism is your body's engine. How it turns food into fuel. Optimal metabolic health translates to numerous benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and better sleep. Lumen can also track your cycle, adjusting its recommendations to maintain a healthy metabolism through hormonal shifts. If You wanna take the next step in improving your health? Go to lumen.me/ Megyn to get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUM E N dot me slash Megyn for 15% off your purchase. Thank You Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Guess who Kamala Harris is going to sit down with and on whose show this will air on Wednesday. Brett Bear, I'm so excited for That I. Think That is great news. I'm really looking forward to That. I love her newfound confidence. You, go girl. You can do it. You do this. I'm thrilled. We saw Governor Walls on with Shannon Bream two Sundays ago, then he called her and asked If he just come back on yesterday, which he did. Not much news was made. But, they're trying to get in front of the Fox audience, which does have a fair amount of independence watching it.


And Now, she goes on Fox, I'm Sure. Brett had a standing request into her and Brett will do a good job and he will press her. He won't let her just get away with a bunch of talking points. It will definitely be her toughest interview so far. And what this tells You, what about the state of the Kamala Harris campaign at this point? Charlie, Well either she's so confident That, she's about to win That. She's decided That, she wants to run up the score or more likely she too believes That. There's been a shift in vibes or been a little skeptical of this because it's not showing up in the polling. The election does still seem to be tied But.


There is clearly something, whatever it is, That has spooked both the Harris campaign and their surrogates in the media. 'cause both of them have started to behave as If Trump is going to win. There was a New York Times piece I think by Ezra Klein yesterday. I said, ignore the polls and I started to see some of the left of center accounts. That. I follow either pre bargaining I suppose with a Trump administration or shouting at Harris. And Jonathan Martin at Politico has written a piece, explained to her how she can win what she needs to do.


That, he's been relentlessly tweeting at her If. He's convinced That If, she just reads it and adopts his advice then she'll prevail. So I'm assuming That There is something, whether it's internal polling or a trend line or something. That, people smarter at ology than I am have seen That has spooked them and she's determined to go on. Of course the risk as We were discussing earlier is That. When she goes out into public to speak, she seems to get less popular, not more so. We'll see whether this gamble pays off. MBD. There was just a I. Can't find it in my notes. But. There was just a plaintiff post by the guy who runs Time Magazine, That.


She has declined their repeated requests to interview her. Even though They have her on the cover, she won't sit with them. I mean she's already You know. It's one of those like why buy the cow when You can get the milk for free? She doesn't need to woo them right But. She clearly sees what's happening with the independence, which is she's in free fall. That's what these latest polls are showing. And she I don't think she thinks she's really going to get Republicans. If, you're a Republican watching Fox News. The odds That You haven't made up your mind about who you're voting for in this election are extremely slim But. Maybe she's trying to get in front of those independents. This is obviously a huge risk, huge risk for her campaign.


Yeah, I mean I. Think she really believes That. There is a type of voter You know That she can appeal to on Fox and You know she's kind of, the campaign has gotten in the habit of describing them as like Oh. We have this broad coalition from Bernie Sanders to Liz Cheney. And they're putting out ads with Liz Cheney in them, in in battleground states and I. Think They really believe That. There is this kind of security mom, traditionally Republican voter who cares a lot about Ukraine and the issue of democracy and will vote for Kamala Harris.


I'm not Sure That. That voter is a swing voter and, and and, and is out There in sufficient numbers in undecided numbers. That are gonna bring the election to her in Pennsylvania. I think she's much more vulnerable to losing like older white men who just identify with Joe Biden's Democratic party. But have little to nothing in common with Kamala Harris's Democratic party. I mean those, the the Scranton Joe thing is kind of real phenomenon. And You know she just be wiped out in in areas like That. And then the blue wall crumbles.


Well, If, You want older white men. Fox News is the place to go. It is a good place to go. But a again, she has to stanch her losses There and then make it up with these, these other supposedly Liz Cheney Republicans. I don't I, don't know That. They're out There. And again, I think her her campaign in a way is like narrowing its appeal as If. It's like Okay, it's abortion. It's the democracy issue basically. And You hate Trump. Whereas Trump is again, I think trying to broaden the tent. And he's trying to go after suburbanites That maybe he, he feels he alienated a little bit with his first term But.


He is also You know, careful to send JD Vance out to look for That populist vote in the blue wall. He's careful to send out RFK to talk to people who were horrified by Anthony Fauci during C and for for whom. That's still an issue. And I think again, I think it's working and I think it's why there's this You know air of panic around the Harris campaign. That They don't know what to to do anymore. Oh I mean I I. Think They thought That, I just be wrong. But I predict it will not go well for her. It's not going to go well. Brett, this this is not like a debate where You You just have to launch the tough question and then sit there because the general decorum at a debate is contrary to what we've been seeing.


That. It's for the candidates to get on each other, not for the moderator to be the fact checker in chief. And so But, this isn't like That. This is an interview where You can, You, You can do, and Brett will do what an interviewer's obligation is, which is when they're not answering to say But. The question was But. I asked You about, well how does That, right? He's going to do all the things I. Think That. We've been frustrated and not watching Dana Bash do or Stephanie rule do or any of these other podcasts, et cetera. Hosts do. And by the way, If, she's in the mood for You know another interview. And she loves SiriusXM and she likes podcasts and Now, she likes Fox. I'm right here, here, I am.


Come on over. It'll be fine. I'll be very fair. But, it will be tough. It will be tough. But fair and she should do it You know why? Because I have a huge audience and I have a lot of the people she wants I actually do. I don't have a far right audience. I have a a lot of middle of the road people listening, some people who are more established, right? But, this is no better place to find Persuadables and people who are open-minded and in the middle lot Love Trump lot. Don't I hear from them all. In any event, let's see. Maybe she'll call me I. Wanna talk about You mentioned old white men and I mentioned old white men and That brings me to Joe Biden. Who did You guys see the extraordinary exchange?


That happened with him just on Friday. It was in the Roosevelt room of the White House. They were there the cabinet, or at least cabinet members discussing their response to the hurricane Now. Kamala Harris was not in the room. She appeared via video conference like on a screen. But energy secretary, Jennifer Granholm was next to Joe Biden. You'll see her in this clip. And gentlemen, I submit to You. The president has about had it with vice President Kamala Harris and everyone around her pretending she has already won and ascended to his job.


Watch this. We're gonna have to I I know I'm gonna go to vice president in a second. The she, she's my boss. We're, we're gonna be president. Hang on on a second. Manam, vice Sure. We're going to, we're gonna be going to the Congress. We're gonna need a lot of help. We need a lot more money. As We. As We. Identify specifically how much is needed. So I'm just telling everybody, Now, I want to hear the this gonna so and so with That, I'll be, I'll yield to the president. I mean the vice president.


He's annoyed. At the beginning, You saw That there, Charlie, he was like, I know You know I. I'll get to the vice president. And then she jumped in too soon and he chastised her to be quiet. Then he made That quote joke, which We all know there's a There was a charge behind That. He didn't find That funny. That, she's actually the president. And then when Kamala Harris started speaking, he was not wrapped with attention. Do We have That video? Yeah, Okay. Watch this. She's speaking. He's not even listening to her. He's looking at his notes. Everybody else is doing her the courtesy of looking her way.


Look at him. Nope. Isn't there? Don't care. This is obvious. It's been happening. Now in the public eye for a few days. Now Charlie That. He's been stepping on her. He's annoyed with her and he's not afraid to tell us. That. He's still the top dog and she has not earned this position. Yeah, so I don't say what I'm about to say. Out of any sympathy for Joe Biden, whom I don't like at all. But Out of respect for Article two of the Constitution, which establishes and confines the presidency, If You. Look at the coverage of Joe Biden over the last six years.


It has been in the press entirely instrumental by which I mean the Joe Biden has been treated as If. He is an agency list figurehead whose utility is entirely contingent upon whether or not he's useful to advancing the Democratic Party and its interest. So in 2019, he was a racist, old, crazy man. That's how he was portrayed. on Saturday Night Live, my inbox at National Review was filled with endless amounts of opposition. Research from the left. That made out Joe Biden to be this hindrance and a dinosaur who was standing in the way of a better candidate. But. Then Bernie looked like he was gonna win, and so Joe Biden became necessary.


Again, it went James Clyburn to South Carolina. But Biden is saved. And then this Biden That never existed, was invented this great respect for moderate Joe Biden, who was the man We all needed. And he was president for a while until it became clear That he was going to lose the election. And then those who had been propping him up and pretending he wasn't senile, decided to change the story and They knifed him in the back and in the front. And They got rid of him. And the second They got rid of him. They lost interest completely in him and the presidency and his senility and all of the problems. That They just outed and They moved on to Harris, who then Now trying to play the same trick on Now. The reason That matters is That. While That might be quite a useful way of treating Joe Biden, If, You are a Democrat or If.


You're in the press and You have a particular agenda. It's not great If, you're Joe Biden. And Joe Biden was actually the man who was elected as president of the United States. Not with my vote. I hasten to add But. He was elected fairly and squarely and he took the office And. it must be extremely annoying both on a personal level. If You are Joe Biden, the guy who actually won the White House and has been president for nearly four years or Oh and If. You believe in our constitutional system as I do. And You. Think That. The person who is elected ought to be the person who is in charge. And the clip That You just showed is one of many That demonstrate That. Actually, there are far too many people in our system, in our politics, probably in Joe Biden's cabinet, who don't think That They don't think That.


Joe Biden is a person. They. Don't think That Joe Biden won the election. They. Don't think That Joe Biden is the representative of the Powers That. He won and exercises constitutionally They. Think That. He is a puppet. He's a marionette. He's theirs to play with as They see fit. And of course he's getting angry with it because Now, what They need from Joe Biden is for him to help Harris. There was a piece this morning in Politico saying, That Harris is angry. That Biden doesn't seem to understand That. His role at the moment is to help her get elected rather than be president. And the older he gets and the more irritated That he becomes and the closer to his retirement, That We get I. Think you're gonna see more of these outbursts and not fewer because he is after all only human.


This is a real problem, MBD, because They do need his support. And what I think he's been showing over the past 5, 6, 7 days is They don't have it. He I mean to come out while she's speaking in Michigan a week ago and speak at the same time from the White House press briefing room to say she's been a part of all the major decisions, all of my policies. She owns them and then to do it again the following week, and to double down on That messaging and then to s Snap at her and Grant home and trying to turn the stage over to her. There is reporting, including in Axio, saying That, the relations are increasingly fraught for the reasons Charlie just stated.


That Biden's team wants Harris to win But. Many of his top aides are wounded by what happened to Biden, including with her pushing him out. They're still adjusting to this switcheroo in the White House. And her team is saying these top White House aids are not sufficiently coordinating on Biden's messaging and schedule to align with what's best for her and her electoral chances. The New York Post has a dem strategist today saying he's basically sabotaging her because he is been lukewarm on her running for the White House since the beginning. That, he actually just hurt her Oh. Yeah, he is hurting her I mean it, it hurt Hubert Humphrey in 1968 when, when LBJ was still in office and he had to account for everything LBJ did or said and then run his own campaign.


I mean it's, this does not, this is not a smooth transition in American politics. And frankly, I mean Joe Biden is like a, a tragic Shakespearean figure. I mean If You were staging this for the stage. Joe Biden would be walking around with You know a knife plunged into his face labeled Barack Obama and would be bleeding from it profusely throughout the, this third act of his political life until the end And it, it it's, it must hurt. And the reason there's, there's this back You know this complaining is precisely because the switcheroo Kamala Harris did not win the Democratic nomination.


And that's how You establish control over the factions of your party. And that's how You make yourself party boss and say, this is who my staff is gonna be and they're all answerable to me. Instead, You know. Basically, Barack Obama coordinated the press campaign to undermine Joe after the debate, and then he placed a bunch of his people to manage Kamala. They're fighting with Kamala's people. Kamala's people are fighting with the remaining Biden East as at the White House. This is not a unified democratic party. It's, and it's not an organized one.


And the I I am waiting for You know the post-election truth to be told. Yes You know That reporters are sitting on all of this, right? Now You know desperately all this good gossip going on, right? Now, That, You and I aren't privy to because of You know where our leanings are. But You know That liberal reporters are gathering material for a great book about this being either a disaster or somehow a disaster turning into a triumph Yes. So yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm desperate for it. And how bad it is behind the scenes and the reaction of her team to all of her interviews. I know the the face plans That Tim Walz in That debate with JD Vance You Know I'm a nickel head.


And sometimes You know I mean I can't wait to read it all. But. We're only gonna get to read it. If They lose because You know when They say like, history is drafted by the winners. So If They win. We're not gonna get any of That deliciousness. Charlie I, I've gotta end it with what happened between JD Vance and Martha Ratt on TV this weekend. So she's with a b, c news. He goes on and They get into what's happening in Aurora, Colorado and all of these Venezuelans who have been brought there by our government in cooperation with the city of Denver out outside of which Aurora is, and some influx of thousands of I ti I read and estimated 8,000 Venezuelan immigrants into this small town.


And they've taken over some three apartment complexes and there are serious criminal problems. I mean serious criminal problems. We We covered this before, after Chris Ruffo wrote a great piece in City Journal about this about a month ago, along with Christina buttons. It's called Chaos in Aurora. It's dated September 10th for those of You who wanna Google it. And, it talks about he They write in this piece about the amount of crime that's gone up as a result, They got their hands on a confidential legal report based on witness reports. That these apartments saw a string of crimes including trespassing, assault, extortion, drug use, illegal firearm possession, human trafficking, and the sexual abuse of minors.


And then there's been a localized spike in crime around the apartment complexes. So this has been in the news because Trump has raised it. It's sort of another like Springfield or You mentioned what's happening in Pennsylvania earlier. MBD and Now here. We are in Aurora, Colorado. These are real life people being affected by these immigration policies. That Biden Harris have. And this is what happened because the mayor of Aurora, who doesn't, who's a Republican who doesn't like Trump, he W he lost his bid for Congress. Trump didn't like him. They were feuding, got out there and was like, it's it's a problem, But, it's it's limited. And she brought That up in an interview with JD Vance.


Look what happened. So do You support Donald Trump making those claims? That the Republican mayor says, were grossly exaggerated. President Trump was actually in Aurora, Colorado talking to people on the ground. And what we're hearing, of course, Martha is That. People are terrified by what has happened with some of these Venezuelan gangs. S Senator Vance, I'm gonna stop You because I know exactly what happened. Conversation Martha, I'm gonna stop You. The incidents were limited to a handful of apartment conflicts s on apartment complexes. And the mayor said, our dedicated police officers have acted on those concerns. A handful of problems, Only Martha do You hear yourself.


Only a handful of apartment complexes in America were taken over by Venezuelan gangs. And Donald Trump is the problem and not Kamala Harris' open border. Americans are so fed up with what's going on and They have every right to be and I I really find this exchange. Martha, sort of interesting because You seem to be more focused with nitpicking everything That. Donald Trump has said, rather than acknowledging That apartment complexes in the United States of America are being taken over by violent gangs. Okay, let's, let's just, let's just end. That with They did not invade or take over the city as Donald Trump said. I I wanna move on to women? Just a few Apartment complexes, no big deal. A few apartment complexes That the mayor did not seem, was invading the entire city.


She doesn't care about any of the crimes. I just listed and You know why she doesn't care. Charlie You do know why. It's because Martha Ratts, for at least the past seven years, has lived in a house. She paid $2.125 million for it's a vintage home on a coveted block in Arlington, Virginia Would You, look at this. It's an estate that's her home. It's a dam estate built in 1900. Look at this. Martha Ratts does not have to worry about the Venezuelan gangs coming in and committing sexual assaults of minors because she's in the tiniest part of one of the tiniest towns in all of America with her many, many millions I mean look, there is obviously a reasonable debate to be had about many things in this country.


But, whether or not Venezuelan gangs should take over apartment blocks is not really one of them. And whether or not the government is obliged to try and prevent That is not one of them either. I mean this is both at the border of federal question and at the state level, a state question and I think on this. Vance is absolutely right. If, You are more worried about the hyperbole from Trump than You are That, this is happening then you've missed the forest from the trees. You, you've gone so far down the road of partisan politics, That, you've just forgotten what it is. That we're talking about. Trump should be as accurate as he can be.


I, I think it is a problem the way he speaks Sometimes But I mean this is just, just But. Just do You hear yourself was the right question For the record, what Trump said was I will rescue Aurora. And every town That has been invaded and conquered, which I think is defensible as a matter of the It's construction, it's But, But. Look, If You want it defensible. What what she should have said at the end, there is so You know tr Trump used some hyperbole. But, the the issue That he was describing is, is real. And she couldn't do it. She, she finishes with this sort of haha got You because what he said isn't literally true. But That doesn't fix the problem, which is That.


Venezuelan gangs have come into the country illegally and taken over some apartment blocks in Aurora, Colorado. And it's just baffling to me, That, she can't see it. And they've been brought in, they've been brought in by our government. MBD I mean read the city journal piece. They, They, lay it all out about how with the cooperation of the Colorado governor and these mayors and these subsidized NGOs, which They then get paid millions by our federal government with our money. The NGOs take all these millions and are supposed to house these people and do and give them two months rent and then They stay over beyond the two months. And They don't have jobs. And then They just become the community's problem. I mean, read the piece. She obviously she didn't and she doesn't care.


But I'll give You one person. Her name is Cindy Romero. And she lived in these apartment complexes. She appeared at the Trump rally in Aurora, Colorado. And listen to what she said. I was a lifetime Democrat. I'm ashamed to say That. I thought That. This was a solution. Being called a liar has changed. It's changed me. It's changed my opinion. I was harassed in my properties. We were run out of our home after four years. The loud music, the destruction, gunshots, the gunshots, the crime.


We need a change. What they're doing isn't working. Danielle came in and saved me and like so many others in my building, We had no place to go as a lifetime Democrat. This experience has opened my eyes and we've gotta make a change. We've got to, I'm voting for Trump. Trump join me. Join me and vote for Trump. Let's have change. Hmm. Take it. I mean, take it from her. We've got, yeah, we've got actual people once again being actually affected by these, this administrations, this one right Now that's running for reelection policies.


And what Martha Ratts wants to do is score little points from her multimillion dollar perch on behalf of the illegals with whom she has such sympathy for whom she has such, such sympathy. But, none for the children who got sexually molested, none for Cindy, whose life was ruined by this. None. And You know, Trump and Vance have been doing events like this going city to city and highlighting people who've been affected by these policies. It's very effective campaigning And. it brings up what They really have to do. If They are elected to office, which is break up this nexus of government spending given to NGOs who then work very purposely with hundreds of professionals to undermine the rule of law.


'cause that's, that's essentially what's happening is the administration You know, will create an app. That allows people to falsely apply for asylum and facilitate them into the country, fly them from the border, put them in a town like Aurora where they're, they're networked in by an N G o to employers of illegal immigrants to slumlords who profit off of this. Many of those slumlords are gonna be found sitting on the town boards or they're gonna be found in mayor's offices. I mean, look to Springfield, Ohio. What properties does the, the owner of Springfield Oh, the mayor of Springfield, Ohio, own? How many people live in them?


You know these are questions That have to be asked by conservative journalists going forward in breaking up this nexus because it's incredibly powerful. It works as an employment program for progressives at the N G O level where lawyers, experts, social workers, people with degrees in social justice get actual work. But, they're working alongside of You know typically old line Republican people. The owners of these of these tough businesses, You know packaging plants, You know tire, tire makers, You know they're all sorts of jobs. That, they're using illegal immigration as a way of undercutting the wages and lowering the general standard of living in a town against the wishes of the middle class people That live there and they're doing so in, in a totally open conspiracy against the law.


And that's what Donald Trump has to break up and expose when he's in office. If If, he's gonna get anywhere with this problem. I mean, look at the states. That, we're discussing this happening in so far. You know Colorado, Ohio, Pennsylvania, You know I. I'm not a conspiracy theorist. But, all three of those states have something in common, which is, they're very important in presidential politics and electoral politics, especially Pennsylvania. But also I mean to a lesser extent. Ohio's gone more red and Colorado's gone more blue But at, especially on the lower tickets. They're getable. They're getable by by parties on both sides. And it's, it is disturbing when You see the number of immigrants who are being shipped by the feds into these potential swing states.


Did You, did You wanna say something? MBD and They. They're being shipped there with this temporary protected status, which is a gateway towards some kind of legal status. And then citizenship That kind of skips over the normal steps. That say Charlie went through to get a green card and eventually become a citizen. And, and so Yes That and that's why right? If You were just even allowing a free for all If say That. You were just saying the border was unguarded and people were coming in. They would come to New York City and Los Angeles where there's huge opportunity. It takes this whole axis of N, G O Power and government spending to bring Haitians into Western Pennsylvania into an old town.


That kind of fell out with Deindustrialization. It takes a whole nexus of people to bring Venezuelans into Aurora. Aurora because You have to limit their movement. You have to then tie them into these local institutions and then and tie them to these slumlords and these illegal employers. It doesn't, it doesn't happen naturally. This isn't just negligence. This is an open scheme. That is being operated in real time, knowingly, And then We never deport them. And even when We try to, usually their countries of origin say We don't want them, They They get a say in it. And so we're stuck with them. And so real life Americans like Cindy are feeling it.


And guess what Martha Ratts didn't do. She didn't play any sound from Cindy about the real life consequences of this problem. She instead moved on to abortion. Guys a pleasure. Thank You both so much for being here. Thank You. Thank You. Coming up next and Allie Beth Stuckey is here. Looking forward to talking to her.


This show encourages honest conversations, which is not always easy in today's media environment with big tech companies deciding who and what gets amplified or censored But, there's a news platform. That prioritizes free speech and transparency without controlling the narrative. And it's called Ground News. It's new Ground. News is an app and website That aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Ground News reveals for every single story how media narratives are shaping the conversation and who is covering the topic. It makes it easier to navigate the news and may even be helpful to You. For the next time your liberal friends send You a headline from their favorite bias news source. They're Now offering our viewers 40% off their vantage plan, which gives You unlimited access to their website and to their app. Ground News is independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check them out at Ground News dot com slash Megyn. That's ground G, ROU N D news.com/m E Y N Ground News dot com slash Megyn.


I'm Megyn Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts You may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey and yours truly Megyn Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere. You are no car required I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more subscribe Now, get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


My next guest has a very timely book on the way the left attempts to shame people into adopting their policies. Ali Beth Stuckey's new book is called Toxic Empathy, how Progressives Exploit Christian Compassion And it's Out Tomorrow. She's also the host of the relatable podcast. Ali Beth, welcome back. Great to see You. Thanks so much, Megyn. Good to see You. Congrats. s on the book, I love a book. That is a reasonable size. It's a quick read and it's got a great message. So You, don't feel overwhelmed. And this is hitting on such an important theme. That Yes They. Try these leftists who are have infiltrated our schools.


And I'm sorry to say some of our churches, not my church, But some churches with their, it's important to be empathetic to these suffering groups, whether it's immigrants or trans message. That, really praise on kindhearted people, Right? Exactly. Especially Christians, because We are told to love and We care about the most vulnerable. And We should. And that's why I say That. They exploit Christian compassion. They use our natural inclination and for some of us, our spiritual inclination towards kindness and goodness and love and mercy, and convince us through emotional manipulation.


That, in order to be loving, in order to care for the least of these, those on the margins of society, You have to agree with the progressive position and ultimately to vote Democrat. And so this book is for Christians But. It's really for anyone because especially for women, no matter what your religious affiliation is with our natural propensity towards compassion and mercy, We are the targets of this Toxic Empathy We are the ones That media That, Kamala Harris, the Democrat Party is looking at and saying, I know That. I can use your feelings. I can use your emotions. I can use even your good intentions to get You to support progressive policies.


But, because progressive policies are all about good sounding stated intentions, not about positive outcomes. And that's what I try to lay out in this book. We go through the five F whys of progressivism. Abortion is healthcare. Trans women are women. Love is love. No human being is illegal and social justice is justice. And I do my best to dismantle those lives in a way That is emotionally compelling and compassionate. But, most importantly, truthful. We just placed We just played a soundbite from this woman named Cindy in Cindy Romero at a Trump rally talking about how she was sucked into this too.


When They, all these Venezuelan migrants were brought to her town in Aurora, Colorado. And then before You know it, her apartment complex is taken over with crime and guns and child molestation. And of course she wasn't feeling empathy by the end of this experience. But, that's how They lure You in in the beginning. And You have a very good point about the abortion. The abortion rebranding. This is Kamala Harris's big issue. She's winning on this issue. And it. This is only referred to as lifesaving care. That. These women need, Yeah, They follow the same formula on every subject. So when it comes to abortion, We tell the story at the very beginning it our every chapter with this heartrending narrative.


That is actually supposed to get the reader to take the progressive position to show You what the media does. And We tell this story of a woman named Samantha in Texas who found out That her baby at 20 weeks gestation had a possibly life limiting diagnosis. And N PR told this story with the hopes That via Toxic, Empathy That. The reader would think, wow, these pro-life laws are so draconian to put ourselves in the feelings of only the woman. To think of only the mother. And to ignore That, there is a human being, an insults child. on the other side of this moral equation, the victim of every abortion is the baby.


And yet Toxic Empathy, because it channels all of our feelings only into one purported victim, it actually blinds us to both reality and morality. Even If. You are someone who lands s on the side of theme, pro-choice. It would still be wise to acknowledge That. There is a person, That. We're talking about in every abortion situation, there is a life that's being snuffed out. And so I'm encouraging women to critically think, to ask questions to know about not just the intentions of the policies. That. Progressives put forth But the outcomes. And immigration is a huge, is a huge issue when it comes to this.


women who want to accept the foreigner, to love the soner, as the Bible says. And the media does the same thing. They'll hoist up the poor mother that's gleaned Colombian gang violence. Who is scared of the specter of a Donald Trump presidency because she might be deported to try to get You. To think That. That's all illegal. Immigration is They want You to ignore the Venezuelan gang violence? They want You to ignore Kate Steinle and Lake and Riley and Molly Tippets and the consequences of opening up our borders. So that's what I want women to do. And They and They want You to feel like a bad person. If You recognize That. People coming from third world countries probably don't have the same cultural standards.


That, We do and We don't want them moving into our neighborhoods for That reason alone, you'll get shamed as a racist or a bigot or whatever. I, don't care. You. I. It's I. Who wants somebody who has grown up basically in the street with street justice prevailing as one's North star, moving into their cute little downtown suburb where They have their little kids? It's not racist to say You don't want That, it's I. Expect certain people in my neighborhood to live up to certain community standards when it comes to behavior, this is what the people in Springfield are dealing with, right? Now, They. Talk about the guys, these Haitian migrants going into the grocery store, opening up the cans of foods, sticking their hands in, eating some of it and discarding the jar on the floor.


No We. We don't wanna live like That, Right? And no one, no one does. The very people who are preaching to the rest of us about accepting people who have grown up in third world countries who are diametrically opposed to the values. That our family told That, our community told They, don't want what you're describing for themselves. They want it for other people. They want it for the people of Springfield. They want it for the people of Aurora. They want it for the people who don't have the political capital, who don't have the money, don't have the influence to defend themselves. They don't want it for their gated communities. They don't want it for so true their nice neighborhoods. They want it for other people. Empathy. No. A We just showed right before You got here. We just showed Martha Rat's house, which she bought seven years ago for $2.125 million in Arlington.


It's an estate, it's spectacular. You saw her on the Sunday show giving JD Vance a hard time about Trump's claim about what's happening in Aurora, Colorado with Venezuelan gangs coming in. To your point, Martha Ratt doesn't have a thing to worry about in her beautiful home in Arlington, Virginia. There will never be a gang of Venezuelan gang members coming to commit crimes on her lawn On her. Exactly. And well, that's why empathy is such a convenient, really non virtue. Because You can claim to be a good person by saying, You have empathy. But empathy is just about how You feel. It's not about your actions. It's not about actually loving someone.


And so she can claim to have empathy for the migrant. Empathy for the poor person knowing That the effects of her policy decisions and what she advocates for will never show up at her door. And there's nothing wrong with having a lot of money. Look at this and having a beautiful estate. I know I'm looking at it. It's gorgeous. I You. Know wish I lived there myself. But. it is not loving. It is not kind. You're not being a good citizen. A good steward of the privileges and the rights That You have to say basically, safety security for me. But not for the Enter into the conversation. Brian Cranston, who I loved in Breaking Bad just like most Americans who saw the series But, who I cannot stand as an individual.


And the reason I can't stand, Brian Cranston is personal. I'll tell You what it is after You. Look at this thought of him endorsing Kamala Harris and listen to him. Explain why I am not I. Am not a a politician. I am not a doctor or a a lawyer or But. I played all of those on television. But I am a father of a daughter and it's important to me for her life, Now and for the future and other father's daughters to be able to have within their lifetime the fundamental right of freedom, of choice.


There should not be anyone But them deciding what happens to their own body. He really, really wants to make Sure. His grandchildren can be aborted. He's standing in front of a sign. That reads, fighting for reproductive freedom, reproductive freedom. So Ali Beth, the reason I don't like Brian Cranston is because a dear friend of mine was one of this guy's closest friends for decades. And Brian Cranston dumped my friend as his friend because he's a Republican and voted for Trump. He's not even like a huge Republican.


He's a Republican. I mean he's a right leaning guy. But, he ended their lifelong friendship just because he turned out to be a Trump supporter. That is so vile and so disgusting and is right on brand with what We just heard. There Oh. Yeah. Horrible person. I mean. You and I. Both have people in our lives That, We love dearly and disagree with, and maybe We have to decide for a period of time. That, we're not gonna talk about politics. I have multiple friends. But, especially in the summer of 2020, we're like Okay. We're not gonna talk about this BLM stuff anymore. Yep. Because it's hurting our relationship. And We moved on. And at the end of the day, We have the same core values. That's why we're friends.


And that's what mature people do. That's what kind and compassionate people do. But. That's not what petty political people do. And that's Brian Branston and I. It's not because of his love for his daughter That. He is voting for Kamala Harris. I mean That is such a ridiculous statement. Everyone has reproductive freedom. No one is stopping You from reproducing children. If. You want to. What We do want to restrict? What We do wanna stop is the killing of unborn children. And it's amazing to me, That, he and how many other celebrities, Steph Curry, Jennifer Lawrence, Taylor Swift, have all said their number one reason to vote for communism basically to o to vote for open borders is abortion.


How superficial and evil is That? Well of course for Taylor Swift, it was also Tim Wall's l G BTQ policies, right, which include his radical trans policies in Minnesota. I mean it's, that's what she said. And thank God Trump is getting better at dropping the ads in the right places and the right time on Harris Walls and their radicalness. When it comes to the trans issue. He continues to run this ad, although he improved it during N FL football games. Look at the latest. He murdered a father of three sentenced to life in prison.


Kamala Harris pushed to use tax dollars to pay for his sex change. I made Sure That They changed the policy. So That every transgender inmate would have access. It sounds insane because it is insane. Kamala was the first to help pay for a prisoner sex change. The power That I had. I used it in a way. That was about pushing for the movement, frankly, on the agenda. Kamala's agenda is They them, not You. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. Pretty good. Oh That. Last line was, was so good. It is about time They start hitting her and walls on this because you'll notice You, look at the Democrat side during this campaign, what has been absent? The quote unquote trans issue.


They don't want these people representing the Democrat party They know how unpopular this is with women, with most Americans, even people on the left. So they're not talking about it. Good on Trump and Vance bringing this up. We have men and women's prisons who say That, they're women raping these incarcerated women, impregnating them, beating them, assaulting them. This is the consequence of That Toxic Empathy That blinds You to what is good and true. And what They say is trans women are women. That's it. That's the tweet You. See it all over X. And what They don't do right is highlight people. Like my guest I had on this show, Brooke Lesser yesterday, who is the co-captain of the San Jose state volleyball team who wasn't told That, the person They roomed her with at this division one volleyball school.


That, she was at That, is at was a man, was a, was a man masquerading as a woman. It wasn't until she got on the court and she saw this person had a lot of power and actually potentially posed a danger. And then heard people talking about the fact That. There was a man, But Now. She's They don't really want her to join this Riley Gaines lawsuit claiming Title IX violations against these universities because she should be more empathy. 'cause trans women are are women. She should have more empathy. Yeah, see that's the problem. That's the problem with empathy. You get so caught into someone's feelings. That You, forget about what is true. You forget about everything outside of That person. And this is something We see with the left a lot is, is That.


They use these nonsensical mantras like trans women are women. And yet as Matt Walsh so brilliantly proved, They can't even define women. They can't even define trans women. If You. Ask them, what is a trans woman? Well, They can't say a woman who used to be a man because They don't believe That. So what is the difference? Why is a trans woman at all They have to use euphemisms? They have to use these circular mantras. They have to use these superficial talking points because they're lying. When You are on the side of truth, You don't have to lie. And You don't have to use emotional manipulation to give people on your side. But good on your guest. I mean That takes a lot of courage and I'm, I'm very proud of her You know If, They.


If They were really just for women. They would be covering stories like my volleyball player guest and they'd be covering stories like the women who regretted their abortions and who You. The women who notwithstanding the fact That They got a devastating diagnosis of their baby in utero, nonetheless chose to carry the child through to delivery. Saw a heart wrenching video with one young mother talking about exactly this on X the other day. And she was saying I just realized I had so little time with her But for Now, she was safe inside this worm womb Yes of mine. Yeah. And I knew she was going to die But. I didn't want her to die any sooner than she had to. And I didn't want her to die any more violently than she had to.


Why don't They tell those stories If? They're just Yeah. Pro women and give the whole story. Exactly. Well, You can't be pro women and be four slaughtering millions of little girls inside the womb. And of course, as We saw with the Amber Thurman story and with many of these other stories, That, they're lying about abortion is not good for women. Amber Thurman You know as You have covered and as many have talked about, did not die because of a pro-life law. She died because of the abortion pill and yet via this Toxic Empathy via the lies and the euphemisms of the Harris campaign, I mean just absolutely shameless convincing us That because Georgia has restrictions on abortion because They have a pro-life law.


That's why she died. And unfortunately I know many women pro-life, women who are convinced by this, who believe They have to vote for Kamala Harris because Kamala Harris is going to protect miscarriage care is going to protect women in emergency rooms. And That has been debunked many times. But. Unfortunately, the propaganda on That is really strong. The media is just so pro-abortion, it's their message is ubiquitous. They control all the messaging on this problem. It's very hard to break through the the, the lie about wanting to protect women is also evident, for example, in how they're responding to this report so far.


Exclusive to the daily male That, Doug Emh h, our current quote second gentleman and potential first quote gentleman may be a woman abuser That. He allegedly smacked a woman across the face so hard just in 2012. This wasn't 30 years ago in a college. Drunken stupor, not That. That would excuse it, But. This was 2012 with the woman he was dating right before Kamala Harris, a very successful, professional, beautiful woman at a red carpet, black tie event in con France, to which she brought him as her date. And according to three of the women's friends, he got so angry, such a hair trigger That, she put her hand on the shoulder of a valet trying to get a cab That, he wailed on her right out on the street in the open, smacking her around so hard on the face That she was spun about and made a run for it to try to escape him.


Now, They, don't care. Nobody has asked him about this. Ali Beth, he had an interview with this guy, Tim Miller, who thinks Trump is so deplorable he can't possibly vote for him even though he was a Republican operative prior to Trump Now. He's with the Bulwark, which is a never Trumper organization. Yep. And then he sits down with Joe Scarborough. Same thing Republican who Now is as You know, left as You, can make a Republican I think he's officially Now an independent. He's definitely a big Kamala Harris fan. He gets an interview with him. He works for a news organization. I mean are, yeah, They purport to be an actual news organization. And the issue does come up But, this is how today it ran.


We ran the tease clip on Friday. I said, all right, we'll wait till Monday. Maybe there's more. I'll Keefe an open mind. Maybe he did his job, he didn't. Here it is Spreading it about You saying That tabloid stories about your personal life saying it should be front and center. He's saying it about your wife and and making incredibly crude and lewd suggestions about her past life. How do You stay disciplined and not really go off and not really push back hard at these things?


We don't have time to be pissed off. We. Don't have time to focus on, it's all a distraction. It's designed to try to get us off our game. Does it get You off? Yeah. No We. We. Love each other dearly We love being around each other. We, enjoy We. Have fun together and right Now, we're deferring That kind of happy couple time because everything We talk about, right? Now is, what else can We be doing to win this election? I Dunno. If. You know this or not But, your wife and I were on the cover of New York Times magazine this week along with about 28 other people. And the question was whether Donald Trump would be able to jail the people he said he was going to jail.


Ah. So does she think about That? We? Don't think about That for ourselves. We think about it for every single other person in this country. Yeah. So no, these people, He, He doesn't care about women at all. This, this, this is the same side that's trying to tell us. That's why We have to have quote reproductive freedom. That's why trans women are women because We the Democrats are the party of women. Yeah. And supposedly that's one of their biggest gripes with Donald Trump is the allegations against him. Which You know there are a lot of accusations against Donald Trump. And I've never heard an accusation quite like the one against Doug Imhoff, which as You said is recent and has also been corroborated by eyewitness accounts.


So I think That That is worth at least one question. Instead he even preempted the answer by saying, Oh You know these tabloid reports and You know very salacious things. That Donald Trump is saying going ahead and getting him off the hook by saying, I know these accusations are false. I'm not even going to spell them out. I won't even give him the opportunity to defend himself. I'm just gonna say That, they're false. That is evil. That is stupid. The arrogance, the ends justify the means completely for these people. They have no right to call themselves journalists. His his landing point was how do You stay disciplined in the face of these reports of You being a woman beater.


Right. Right. I mean it's just the absurdity of it. And I'll tell You what, what infuriates me? A Beth I. I told the audience this and They know this But, I've done a lot, a lot of reporting on these stories over the many years. And I don't care whether You are a Republican or a Democrat. I don't care. If you're conservative. Yeah. Or liberal But If. There are credible allegations. I don't go with everything. But If. There are credible allegations against You. And. it becomes news. I will discuss it. If, it's newsworthy. And this is newsworthy. My God. He's a step away from the Oval office, right? Now. Yeah. And I will show You. My team pulled together some examples. But these. These are Republicans who have been accused and Democrats who are being accused in the following butted soundbite, That Canadian Debbie put together.


She's been with me for 15 years. She's been through it all. Here it is. Watch us. We're back. Now with three of the 16 plus women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct. The American public was put in a position of having to choose between a man who'd been accused of sexual misconduct or a woman who was alleged to have enabled a husband accused repeatedly of sexual assault and even rape. Do You think the Trump campaign did a good job of nullifying all of You. Joining me Now another woman who has alleged groping, unwanted groping by Donald Trump. Beverly Young Nelson. She told a crowded news conference more offered her a ride home from her job at a restaurant in 1977 when she was just 16, Mr. Moore reached over and began groping me.


Now. He claims he never did it. He never signed it. This a forgery. Would You be willing to submit this to an expert to figure it out? Yes Senator Al Franken of Minnesota has been accused of forcefully kissing radio personality. Leanne Tween without her consent, Oh and also groping her. Tara, thank You so much for being here. I remember being pushed up against the wall. He had his hands under underneath my clothes. Yeah. You kept virtually every record from your 92 93 stint in Biden's office. Why would You not Keefe the one form That alleged harassment or retaliation? Okay. Yep.


It's not hard. It's not hard. Just ask one question. Just ask one. Put your partisan leanings aside for just 60 seconds to do your duty. And If You did actually care about women. E Beth If You did actually care about women like I. Know You do and like I know I do. You would do it. You would find the strength to do it. No matter how hard your partisan leanings, only a hack would fail. And that's what You are. Joe Scarborough, shame on You. Oh. Absolutely You. just even. Just pretend for 30 seconds to care about women. If You just wanted to protect your journalistic integrity and your reputation.


But They don't even care about That. These people want to win at whatever the cost. And that's why Zaki has That fluff interview with Doug Haw Yes, which of course you've covered in which she says That, he has redefined masculinity. Now I. Don't think this latest accusation had come out yet. But the accusation of him, impregnating his nanny and then somehow the baby disappeared after That had come out. It seems to me like he is just your classic scumbag. I don't see anything new or progressive or shin or inspiring about this form of masculinity. That he emulates. He is your classic grimy scumbag womanizing guy allegedly.


And I don't see anything about him. That screams, I want this guy in the White House to represent me. You don't even have to say allegedly he admitted to banging the nanny and getting her pregnant. That was not denied when the first daily mail report hit. The rest of it has been denied the business about hitting the woman. And then there was a subsequent report by the Daily Mail talking about how he was on allegedly guilty of creating a toxic workplace for women. When at the law firm he ran, he hasn't responded to That. Last I looked at all But. Yeah, you're right. Agreed. Scumbag, I'm perfectly happy with the word and saying it. And it's not. It's not about tabloid. You admitted it. Sir, here's the last thing I wanna ask You about.


Again, the book is called Toxic Empathy, how Progressives Exploit Christian Compassion By and Allie Beth Stuckey. Let's talk about the churches because, so I am Catholic, But and the Catholic church is still holding the line on a lot of this, which is good. I appreciate it. Not all of it. They're not so great on the immigration thing. But, they're good on the trans thing and they're obviously good on the abortion thing. They're not so big on like infidelity and all That. Those are, those are good things. That, they're holding the line on because let's face it, when You go every Sunday, You want your child You wanna be helped W with imprinting a good moral code on your child.


So If, You and your church are not on the same page. It's, it's not gonna work. But I went on a little tour of potential churches about a year ago and I was shocked at how liberal Christian churches, That are not Catholic, are You know from the Presbyterians to the Episcopalians to some other non nondescript denominations. Very, very different on all of these issues. So what, how, what do You make of That? Yeah, this is a big problem within I would say evangelicalism, even conservative evangelicalism is a lack of clarity and courage from pastors.


Even though They might know what is true biblically, they're afraid to say it. They don't wanna wade into what They call politics because they're afraid That, some congregants would leave or it's divisive. But. The truth is, is That. It's not That. These pastors are being called to be political. That. Politics today is very theological. Politics has weighted into the biblical realm when you're talking about abortion, the definition of gender, the definition of marriage and family, even when you're talking about the existence or non-existence of a country or borders, when you're talking about the doling out of justice, You are talking about subjects. That the Bible talks about very clearly and explicitly.


So a pastor just in preaching through the word of God, which is the pastor's job, will necessarily inevitably get political. And look, pastors, your congregants are looking for clarity. If, they're not finding it from You. They will find it somewhere. They'll find it on TikTok, they'll find it on Instagram, they'll find it on x. You want to be the one to guide your congregation through these very imminent important issues. That are on the ballot. You don't have to endorse a candidate. But, it's not enough for You as a pastor to say, well both sides are bad. Just have empathy for people. No Christians are called to the truth in love. Love never rejoices in wrongdoing. But rejoices in the truth. That's one Corinthians 13, six.


So as pastors as Christians, We have a responsibility to tell the truth in love to tell people the reality of male and female, to tell people the reality of the value of life inside the womb. These are existential huge issues. That churches really, really need to be clear on Yes and That. God did not make a mistake when he made You. Yeah, exactly. He knew exactly what he was doing. He knew exactly what sex You would be. And We don't second guess God on his decisions. The, the book talks a a bit about something I know You talk about on your show. And That is the reluctance by some especially empathetic women, right, who have been raised their whole lives to be good girls.


To not not raise a stink, You, know to go along, to get along, to be the peacemaker in a lot of cases. And it's not just women, it's it's some men too. But it, it kind of speaks out to these folks again in Toxic, Empathy by ally best Stuckey saying it might might be Okay to raise a, is it respectful ruckus? I'm trying to remember the phrase Yes, Yes Yes. It definitely, it is Okay and it's actually necessary on behalf of our children to raise a respectful ruckus about the things That matter. When you're looking at, for example, the transition, and again, We go through all of those five issues. These I like to say politics matter because policy matters because people matter.


Politics affects policy. Policy affects people, people matter. We're not only talking about these individuals who say I'm trapped in the wrong body and I have to go into a women's locker room in order to feel like my real authentic self. We are talking about policies. That not only fly in the face of reality, But affect vulnerable people on the other side. It's not enough to just have compassion for the man who feels like he's trapped in the wrong body and wants to dress up like a woman. You can feel for them. You can have sympathy maybe for their struggle But to endorse in the name of empathy, to affirm his feelings and to say, our policies have to align with those delusions. Well Now, you're selling out the vulnerable people on the other side of That equation.


The women and girls who will be no longer entitled to the rights, the privacy, the fairness, That, They should be entitled to. And that's why empathy is really not a good guide for decision making. Too many people demand our empathy. Truth is biblical morality is, facts are. Even science can inform some of That when we're looking at reality. And so empathy can only get You so far. But, it can also be dangerous when it allows You to a friend things That aren't true. Hmm. And and being empathetic does not mean being weak. You can be strong. Yeah, it can't be. And have empathy and deploy it in the right circumstance.


And also just understand this is very hard for this person. This is how I feel about the trans issue. I do have empathy for people who are trans. It must be a a terrible thing to have to deal with this feeling But. That doesn't mean I. Think men should be allowed into women's spaces or exactly sports, et cetera. So You can have That empathy in your heart. You can choose not to bully. You can be You know kind and respectful. I think this woman who was on the show, That. We released yesterday is exactly like That. This Brooks Luer who's she went to the trans person on her team before she joined Riley's lawsuit over Title IX. And she told him, I am going to do this. And I hope it doesn't affect us on the court.


And That took a lot of guts. You know You so You can be still kind. But stand up for what You believe in. That is what Toxic Empathy is all about exactly from somebody who's doing it every day on her show. Again, it's the subtitle is How Progressives exploit Christian Compassion and Allie Beth Stuckey. It's always a pleasure seeing You. Thank You so much for coming on and talking about the book. Thank You so much Megyn. And thanks for everything You do. I get a lot of courage from You and I. Know so many do. So thank You Oh, you're so kind. Now listen, this comes out tomorrow, so get it. Now I You know, a couple weeks ago, We had on Marty McCarey, Dr. Marty McCarey and I said, If, you're smart. You'll get it right Now while he's s on.


Because as soon as this episode gets distributed and gets out there, they're gonna run outta these books. And that's exactly what happened. He's been tweeting about it ever since. So listen to me, That, the same thing is going to happen to this book. It happens to conservatives because these publishing houses don't believe in conservatives and They just don't understand our audience. So They always underestimate on the number of books That they're gonna buy. And then You know You kinda get screwed 'cause You don't wanna wait. So just do it. Now comes out tomorrow. If You, place your order. Now, you'll be ahead of the game. Toxic Empathy, A quick But, important read and I. Think you'll love it. Ali Beth deserves all of our support. I'm looking up, it's only 172 pages with acknowledgements, so that's so good, right?


You can read it quickly. Don't You. Love it. I love it. When You get like a nice short one, That can have a big impact. Okay We will see You tomorrow. Much, much more to go over. There's just I, just drink from fire hose, right Now, thanks for tuning in. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.