
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual, Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East.


Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. I hope everyone had a nice Memorial Day weekend with your friends and your families. Loved the feedback to our show yesterday. It was a new show. We taped it your previous week with the Sheriff of Baghdad, John McPhee. Can I just tell you like the feedback on this was so great. Keep it coming. Thank you. I did. I, as I often do, went on YouTube and I was scrolling through some of the comments and I loved them. Somebody said, John McPhee is the break glass in case of emergency guy. Like that's what you say sitting there when you do, when you break it. Totally agree.


Somebody said like he's equal parts adorable and terrifying. Something like, I totally agree with that too. I have never interviewed somebody like him and I absolutely adored him when it was over. This is for, for our listening audience who didn't listen to this yesterday, you, it's only like an hour long and it's highly entertaining. He is a fascinating dude. He was a ranger of special forces, fought in Afghanistan and Iraq, large portions of it by himself, which is part of what we got into crazy childhood, which, You know, in an inadvertent way I think was led to this warrior that we now know, You know, like I don't know if he could be John McVee special forces if he weren't John McVee only kid in South Chicago who was white and was on a bus every morning getting the shit kicked outta him.


But just a fascinating guy and then went on to serve our country honorably and has a totally different way of looking at the, his service as a, as a warrior. Just all of it was so fascinating. And then when, when it was over, he was, he was adorable. Like he was at parts ter and like, I wasn't terrified of him, but I was terrified for our enemy in a good way. And he gave me a bag of goodies that was great. It has all this like stuff that can kill people. I was like, terrific. This is so fun. It's got a bunch of stuffs for my, for my AR 15, which I'm definitely gonna have to get now. Anyway, I loved him and I think you guys are gonna love the 55 minutes that he and I spent together.


So check it out when you have a minute. Okay, but let's get to the news today. There's a lot of it, the New York Times reporting that the Democratic Party has so far spent $20 million to try to figure out how to speak to men. I kid you not the the plan it has, it has its own code name. It's called Sam speaking with American men. They have to, they had to come up with a code and a code name and a plan and it, they needed $20 million to figure out how to, how to just talk to them because they're still sitting in a room being like, why didn't the Tim Walsh camo hat work? I don't get it. Plus President Trump fires a new warning at California Governor Gavin Newsom over biological males in girls sports.


You know, I was so annoyed after, You know, we ended our show on Thursday, was it, I don't know, it was it Thursday or Friday about what's happening with the biological males out there and this ab Fernandez who's, who is winning all the girls medals Hernandez. And I just did like a personal plea to people and got, got a lot of great feedback on it, so thank you for watching that. But then I, I took it to Twitter and on XI addressed Gavin Newsom personally, he follows me. So I tagged him and just, I'm gonna be honest, I begged, I begged him, begged him to please stop this for all the reasons stated on our YouTube feed and he didn't get back to me, but I think I was shooting at the wrong public official who follows me because President Trump is so fearless in this battle.


And President Trump, I mean Gavin Newsom ignored me, but President Trump took up the mantle. Big daddy got out there with his bazooka and was like, I solved this problem and you governors better freaking go along or you're gonna get it. And I'm not kidding around. I'll read you what he, what he posted. Standby. It's amazing. Okay, he, he posts the following, California, under the leadership of radical left Democrat, Gavin Newcomb continues to illegally allow men to play in women's sports This week a transition male athlete, meaning a male pretending to be a female at a major event, won everything and is now qualified to compete in the state finals next weekend.


As a male, he was a less than average competitor, all true as a female, this transition person is practically unbeatable. This is not fair and totally demeaning to women and girls. Please be hereby advised that large scale federal funding will be held back maybe permanently if the executive order on this subject matter is not adhered to. The governor himself said it is unfair. I will speak to him today to find out which way he wants to go. Three question marks. In the meantime, I am ordering local authorities if necessary to not allow the transition person to compete in the state finals. This is a totally ridiculous situation.


God bless you, President Trump. God bless you. We've never had a president this strong on this issue. We've only had presidents who are bending the knee and when peak woke him hit under Joe Biden, I mean he was just totally out to lunch. He was having tranny showing their fake boobs on the White House lawn. He was not on the team of reality, sanity, or wellness like in any way. That's where we're gonna start at today with Baja Unger Sargon. She's a free press columnist and author of the book Second Class, how elites betrayed America's Working Men and Women.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It's a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place too because of its amazing water. It's so blue and clean and gorgeous. They boat, they swim, they fish, they drink today that clean water. Well sadly it's endangered by toxic algae. Did You know that you may have heard of red tide or blue green algae? Well, it can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, President Trump signed a law to solve this problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida. President Trump said after years of rebuilding other nations, we're finally rebuilding our own. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser says that would be very good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project at Everglades Foundation dot org.


Bja welcome back. And so it's like Trump comes in there with the bazooka, right? Like, You know what? You're gonna lose everything. You're gonna lose all your federal funding. I issued an executive order and I expect you to comply. I love what a fighter he is. Your thoughts on this now reemerging chapter in what's becoming a very old story. Thank you so much for having me Megan. And I have to tell you, my YouTube algorithm knows that when new episodes of with Love Megan come out, there is nothing I click faster on, on this planet than your amazing show with Maureen.


I'm sure your listeners and viewers are all watching it as fast as I am, but it is so incredible. Thank you. You're just doing amazing things on so many fronts. So thank you for that, for the information, for the joy, and for everything. Think You're very welcome. This is such an important moment because it's not even just with this, I can't remember the last time a president felt this strongly about anything, right? Yes. Forget about about the things I care about. Donald Trump has a theory of the case, how to protect and defend this country, the values that it was founded on, the working class women, gay people, I mean everybody who's being impacted by the trans insanity and it gets back to the Democrats problems with men.


You know, I think a lot of people are probably wondering, You know, we know that trans athletes in women's sports is unbelievably unpopular. It's not even an 80 20 issue. I believe the latest numbers are 86% of Americans oppose trans athletes in women's sports. So how do we end up with a, an entire political party devoted to protecting that? And this is basically what happens when your entire identity and your entire moral system was built for you at a place like Harvard or some other elite institution where your whole identity is built around the idea that you are better than the average American.


You are more virtuous and smarter and more credentialed and more deserving than the working class people who work much harder than you. And if you're a person like that in the top 10%, top 15%, what happens to you when suddenly the average American is no longer racist but actually wants Dr. King's vision? What happens to you when the average American, including the average Republican now wants every gay person to live in dignity and wants women to have, You know, the ability to really thrive and shine? What gives you the right to feel like you're better than everybody else else? Well, Meghan, they move the goalpost. So that's how you end up with a left that doesn't want Dr.


King's vision where everyone is treated equally but wants to see every white person as inherently racist. That's how you end up in a system. Not where the left is pushing for equality for everybody, for gay people included for women, but a situation in which they want to turn on all those values and say, no, this trans person's rights should outweigh every woman they ever compete against all of the girls, right? I mean that, that's effectively What happened. The left moved the goalpost because the average American was somebody that they, we could all be proud of. This country finally arrived at the place that the founders wanted it to be that Dr. King was pushing for.


And what Donald Trump did was he realized this, he realized that the platform that the Democrats had used to win for a hundred years, which came out of a respect for the average American, a respect for religious people, a respect for labor, a love of the American people rather than a contempt for them and in hatred of them, that that platform had been left on the table. And so everything we're seeing now with the Democrats basically floundering is because he sort of kicked them off of the board by simply loving the American people when their entire identity was built around the view that they are better than the average person.


Oh gosh, it's so good VA Vata, I love hearing you talk about that, this issue. I'm going to go with that. But before we, before I do, let me just show this soundbite there. This AB Hernandez is headed to win states as Trump points out and no one's stopping him and his mother's at every meet cheering him on as though he's a girl as though he deser deserves his spot at the top of the podium. Recently, when he won this past weekend, the third place finisher chose not to show up. And by the way, as he barrels towards states and the championships, it's, I don't blame the third place girl for not showing up. You can see the listening audience. He's on podium number one, the girl who came in second who's actually the winner is on number two and number three is not on there.


Didn't show up and it doesn't look like, I can't tell where the four and five are there either, but somebody's written xx over the girl in the number two spot who's really the winner and XY over Hernandez. And so it, I don't blame the third place person for not actually posing for the photo because our listening audience wrote in because they're very fired up about this too. A lot of Californians saying if you're third you don't make it to states like it's one and two will go because of the way that the rules out in California work. But number three should be going but she's not going because a boy's going in her stead and will probably win. And here is even in California leftist woke, progressive California, it's gotta be one of, if not the most progressive state in the union.


One of the moms out there confronted the mom of Ab Hernandez who just is absolutely loving seeing her son steal all of the medals. So take a listen here, I'm gonna listen. I don't have to, I have a right to speak truth. Boy, not boys'. True girls are girls. This Robin did not competing against those girls. Period. What a coward of a woman. You're allowing them what telling woman, telling girls, sit girls and compete against a boying. How would mother, you're mother stand up like a mother? I'm a mother protecting girls. You want a boy? How many people support the boy competing against the girls?


Don't tell me to shut up. I we're the one that instigated. You're right Howard, your mental illness is on your side. I'm sorry, but there's a sea change underway and it's not just in the numbers that you mentioned, it's reflected in moments like that where on the site people are feeling, I hate this term but I'm gonna use it. Righteous anger over what they're witnessing there. There was, this is from March, but you can feel it here too. He did the triple jump as a girl again proposing as a girl and he's crushing them.


He's, he's a boy. His wingspan is different, his leg span is different. His ability to jump, his height, all of it is so much different and advantaged versus girls. And just listen to the crowd as he jumps. It's only 10 seconds long stop. Two, that's just wrong. That's just wrong. What somebody said, the girls aren't even coming close to him. Butia not even close. It's so hard to watch. And really, God bless you Megan, for putting this on the agenda and for getting through to the president. Although I, I think he, he does feel this very deeply.


What's so funny is someone like me who was, You know, always on the left, a feminist and what have you, I remember after the me too movement thinking like, well we kind of like, You know, okay, do we really still need feminism at this point? Certainly in the workforce, women seem to have even more power than men because there was this sea change and this culture in which men were certainly very afraid of getting on the wrong side of that movement and the energy that came out of it. And now it's so amazing to see, it's not even just the right, but it's just the average American realizing that there is a threat to women and it's coming from the left, from these vanity morals that people who have had every advantage and every privilege are now effectively saying to people who have much less than them.


Sorry, you don't come first. We have another, You know, victim group that we're going to cater to and they are going to be the people who deserve everything and get everything. And it's just, you hear the pain in that mother's voice who You know, you could tell the way she's talking. This is not her natural, You know, way of speaking to somebody addressing somebody her personality. But she's just so devastated. It is so unfair. And I think, You know, fairness is something that for the American people is extremely important. I think it's why, You know, in a conversation like about Medicaid and work requirements, You know, it's why work requirements for able-bodied men who don't have any dependence, which is, You know, what the bill is sort of pushing to, to introduce this is the kind of thing that normal people would say, well obviously like why is it fair for somebody to just decide they're not gonna work?


And that fairness principle here is a very unifying one. And once again the democratic party in its entirety pretty much is on the wrong side of 86% of Americans. Well and is so interesting 'cause they're not actually, but they're pretending they are and they're voting like they are. You know, it's crazy because they know those stats that you just rattled off. They know what the polls say, they're just freaking terrified. They're terrified of their farthest left flank coming back to call them all bigots. And you know, they should spend $20 million on how to shore up their spines against that and they might win back some voters. And by the way, I know that a lot of these leftists listen to this show, especially politicians now because they're trying to figure out how to message more accurately to reach, You know, wide swaths of voters and they should listen to me Stop with your wasted $20 million on how to talk to men.


If you can get this issue right, you actually might earn back some voters because if you don't get this then you're too far left. You're too crazy for anybody to vote for. And the sports issue really does encapsulate a lot, but you're losing people on the whole trans lobby is not the place to plant your flag. Okay, there was this other video that hit this weekend. This is of some influencer, it's a trans influencer who goes by Lily Tino and Lily, who's a man loves to go to places and get misgendered, which is not the right word, gets accurately gendered as a man and then pretends to be a victim and asks for donations and wants, You know, all sorts of attention When you look up this guy's name, he goes to these restaurants, he wants, he waits to be misgendered.


We've definitely shown video of hi of him in the past And he kind of sets people up to call him sir, which is a natural instinct when you look at him and then plays the victim. But this is who's parading around? Who the Democrats. This is the hill they wanna die on. Let's watch he he's at Disney. That Is fancy looking cool. The bottom is from Thailand. Coconut bread from Thailand. Yes sir. Cool. Oh ma'am, sorry. My bad. It just like totally sucks. The joy out of his bread tower makes me want to immediately like leave because I no longer feel like safe here. It's like, oh my guard now has to be up. I'm not gonna enjoy the bread as much 'cause my card is up. We should be able to go places and not have to worry. I don't think I really want this bread tower actually.


I think I'd rather have to check if that's okay. Yeah, I think that's the training they're supposed to say friend or just not use gender language. It's like a pretty big, big thing that Disney has done. Nothing was wrong with bread, I just don't want it anymore. Just because they apologize doesn't mean she doesn't feel sad or offended, You know? Exactly right. Like if you've accidentally ever hurt someone and say, I'm so sorry it was an accident, do you expect them to be like, oh it was an accident? Of course, no problem whatsoever. All of that hurt is now on done. That's not how it works. Sorry about it. Okay, we heard Enough From this guy. I would love to pay for the drink, please. We get it. This is a freak. I'm sorry. This is a man wearing a woman's like little Disney costume with little blue straps, spaghetti straps almost for the listening audience with a bear arms and sort of a chest exposed and I guess fake boobs and like a mini mouse ear situation via a headband up above him.


And that was his voice. You're hearing his voice And he iss upset that somebody misgendered him lit. Literally nobody in this listening audience thinks they just heard a woman speaking. But when your natural instincts, pronouns are ol pronouns are ol, they want us to dull them. They want us to give our natural instincts rahi the date rape drug which dulls our senses so that we won't act on all of our instincts telling us this is a man and say sir, that we will dull them. We will go along with a lie and we'll say ma'am and she and play along to the point where there there is no much more women. There's no such thing as women anymore. I'm sorry, but these two issues go hand in hand.


You can, You know, not you batya, but like others can try to make it just about female sports as much as they want, which is a huge issue. But it goes well beyond female sports. It it, it speaks to the erasure of women and men who wanna cosplay as women, which is not possible. You may be unwell, but putting on a dress does not make you a woman. I am not a dress you batya are not a dress or a bunch of fake inserts in a bra and it is demeaning to us as a sex to pretend otherwise. I think what bothers me the most about that clip is that in a healthy society, that clip would be recognized as a person with a lot of mental health issues, bullying a waiter like bullying, a working class person who really needs that job and is now gonna get written up because they were being polite to a mentally unwell person.


That is how a healthy society that cares about the vulnerable would've read that scene. And anybody who sees that, the opposite is participating in this mass psychosis, this mass delusion. If you are trying to get a waiter fired at Disney, you've lost the plot. And yet there are many people in power in the Democratic party who, you're right Meghan, they don't really believe this, but they will act like that mentally ill person in that video trying to get a waiter fired. Who needs that job? Is the victim there?


And I gotta say on Gavin Newsom, this is what bothers me the most. He will actually go out there and say, oh yeah, we went too far on the trans thing or like, oh yeah, It's question of fairness Charlie Kirk. Exactly. And he'll go on the, and he'll say the right things, but then when it comes to the actual power he wield, he will do nothing. So he wants the plot, its from the right, he wants to be seen as the moderate but at zero cost to himself and in a way that only helps him and doesn't help any of the actual women or waiters who are being bullied and abused in this manner. And I think that fundamentally is the problem at the core of the Democratic party right now is they desperately want power back, but they have no idea what they wanna do with it.


They have nothing to offer the American people. They don't want the power back to make the country better because they have no theory of the case of how to do that. They Don't stand no. What they seem to be kicking around is like, how can we hide our real instincts long enough to get into power and unleash our, our exactly freak flag selves. So the the the, the Democrats wanna look at that man and say it's a woman, not even just a trans woman, a woman. Trans women are women. That's it. That's the tweet. We've seen that a million times from these lefties. It's a lie. Every word of it is a lie. But they wanna look at that man and say that's a woman and that that woman quote unquote can can chest feed her baby, which she will adopt.


And then this innocent child will come from an actual woman and be handed over to a man like that, A very ill sick man obviously. And that if we don't like it, we're bigots. And then that man, if he wants to run in our daughter's race or swim in her pool And you know, see her in the locker room, totally young undressed, that's fine and we need to like it or something, there's something wrong with us. And then that those same democrats who are gonna endorse all of that are gonna spend $20 million to figure out why men don't like them, why men won't vote Democrat anymore. This is just one of the many issues but it's, it's an utter waste of money. So before I get to that though, let's just talk about what you were saying about Trump and how the Democrat party has lost working, working class voters entirely.


Very interesting piece in the New York Times by Shane Gomer over the weekend, it was on Sunday how Donald Trump has remade America's political landscape and hear a couple highlights from it. One of the clearest way to see how he's transformed the political landscape is to look at what we're calling the triple trending counties in America. Those of that have steadily marched in each party's direction in the Trump era. The results are stark. All told Trump has improved every single election in 1,433 of the nation's, 3,100 counties. Even as he lost in 2020, he was improving his margin in these 1400 counties. Almost half of the counties Democrats have expanded their vote share continuously in 57 counties.


So Trump has done steadily better in 1,433. The Democrats in 57 look at all this red for the listening audience. It's a map of the United States covered in red, just you take a red can of paint and you throw it at an empty map of the US and you'll see that the blue looks like a couple of chicken scratches that like if you gave a rodent and told it to run across the United States and make a mark wherever it could, you might, you might get the same result. Like I can count the number of blues I'm looking at and it's just a couple of the 1,433 triple trending Trump counties. Only three had I median household income above 100,000, only three.


It was the opposite for the Democrats. 18 of the 57 triple trending dem counties had an income over 100,000. And in not one of the triple trending Trump counties did, a majority of adults have a college degree. The opposite is the truth for truth for the Democrats, Trump has entirely remade the Republican party into the party of the working class and the Democrats are throwing money at how to speak to men. It's so amazing and not just because a lot of the journalists sharing this article were the people who tried to cancel me for saying this exact thing in 2020.


So if you knew this five years ago, it was a cancelable offense. Now they're finally coming round and admitting it. And the maps there, I really encourage people to look at them. The three categories that were most represented in these triple counties that have been moving towards the right, towards the Republican party under Trump are blacks, Hispanics, and as you said Megan, people making under a hundred thousand dollars a year. This used to be the Democrats stronghold because that is the working class right there. And when Trump first won in 2016, they said, oh, he won the white working class. But the trend had already started Donald Trump, they call him divisive, but what he actually did was reveal the division between the elites and the multiracial American working class who are very united around the things that Donald Trump is offering, which is socially moderate positions on social issues, anti-war on foreign policy and protectionism when it comes to economic policy, A real idea, a theory of the case for how to actually improve the lots of the working class, not the elites.


And this is the real reason that I believe the Democrats hate him with so much gusto is because he was the first president in 60 years to improve the lot of the working class, more than he improved the lot of the elites. And in the last a hundred days you have seen that on steroids. This man is laser focused on how to improve the lot of the working class. And this is why I think it's really important that they take seriously this idea that the president has floated to raise taxes on the rich. Not just because this is wildly popular with the working class, it's also very popular with Republican voters. And my god, Megan, can you imagine making every single democratic politician vote against raising taxes on the rich because it was Donald Trump who proposed it.


This would help balance the budget and it would signal the truth. I don't agree with that, which is, I don't, I don't think it would help balance the law. I really don't like, I I'm old school Republican on this issue. The, the so-called rich are the job recruit creators and the small businesses who file and, and, and look like individuals in their filing and they get pinched. I mean, I'm one of them. I have a small business and if my taxes get raised by 5% on top of what they already are, somebody's probably gonna lose a job or somebody's not gonna get hired for a job. And I'm just one small business owner, but my brother, he runs a, like a, he just sold it, but he had an engine company down in Atlanta And he got hit repeatedly. And every time, You know, the, the business owner's not gonna take it on the bottom line.


They're going to lay people off or they're not gonna hire. And we've seen that time and time again. That's why these republicans are giving Trump a hard, I know it sounds good on paper, I know tax the rich is favorable, but what you're really talking about is attacking the taxing the job creators and they will, they will not be the ones to bear the cost. Well I think they should keep lowering the corporate tax rate. So for businesses, the business itself, which is hiring people and giving people jobs, that should be, I think as Trump was saying, anybody who's doing that creating jobs within America, yeah, that should be totally slashed to incentivize that. But I think when you talk to regular people and you tell them, well people in the top tax bracket, You know, the idea would be to raise their taxes from 37% to 39%.


You know, the idea that this is not something that a party devoted to the, the wellbeing of the working class should consider seriously. I think it doesn't really, it's not the kind of it, it's the kind of thing that maybe p it gives democrats certainly ammunition to further the lie that Trump and the GOP are not serious about this as an agenda. I mean, I agree with that politically. It, it sounds great to tax the rich, but it's just not, I mean the rich already pay the vast majority of taxes they pay, the, the 1% pays almost the vast almost all taxes in this country. The top 10% do pay all of the taxes. And it's like, okay, this sounds like 37 to 39, but really on top of that plus your state taxes, you're pushing over up to 55% potentially of your, of your income.


And the people who get pinched are the people who generally have a, like a, a salary paid to them. People like Trump who are real estate barons, who know how to hide money and claim losses that may or may not exist, they don't pay it. I spoke with this big real estate barren in New York City a couple years ago, not Trump, who said he's never paid taxes in his life. He's never had to because they have these portfolios that can move it around these alleged losses. So it looks like they didn't earn anything when they did, but it's people who get a hefty paycheck through their own hard work who have to pay up, You know, upwards of 55% in taxes who get pinched when you do that. And it's just like, do you wanna talk about fairness? It's like those people tend to be very hardworking people.


They, why should they have to pay another two to 3% of their income to support people like the Medicaid guy you just mentioned who is just sucking up the, the government dole not fucking working. Like no, You know, so i, I will make the defense of the so-called rich because they already pay so much and not one of us wants to entrust government with more of our money. And I don't care whether it's Trump Biden, JD Vance or Rah Emanuel. That's how I feel. I hear that I, I have been talking to a lot of people and I think this has really influenced my thinking on it. Working class people like truck drivers and janitors and people who stop shelves for a living who have been very supportive of the president's tariffs agenda.


And when I say to them, well what if it raises prices, what they'll say to me is, this one truck driver said so, so, so eloquently. He said, wait, so you're telling me that I'll pay a little bit more for things now, but my children will have a better future, better job options, be able to achieve the American dream in a way that I couldn't. And you think I'm gonna turn that down. My whole life is about sacrificing for my children. And I hear this so often from people who have so little. And so I think this is really what Trump is pushing is this idea that we're kind of all in this together and I just feel that often the people with the least are a asked to sacrifice the most. And that there's Well I hear you, but look, my own take on it is yes, we are all in this together And you know, I didn't do a Dave Portnoy, but if you look at, at my stock portfolio and saw what I lost when Trump did the tariffs, your jaw would drop.


I mean it was millions, millions of millions of dollars. But I sat on the air then and I say again now, like I, I just don't look at it. I try not to look at it. My husband looks at it, he knows what the numbers are and if you don't sell, you haven't lost anything. Right? But I'm just saying like the, those people will lose a lot and they'll lose less than somebody whose working class will lose. But we do have to find a way that all of this is not a way of saying we don't have to help the working class. We do. That's why I'm in favor of things like no taxes on tips. And I'm actually pretty warm to the tar idea too, and I understand that can come back as a tax. Most Americans oppose a sales tax. This can in effect be a sales tax, but it's up at least the consumer about whether he or she wants to consume with prices potentially elevated for the good of the long haul.


In any event, I didn't mean for this to side rail into a tax discussion, I just, it's been, it's in the news so it's on my mind. But I do wanna get to the the what the Democrats are doing now because they really have no idea. They don't understand any of this. They, they don't get why they've lost the working class. They just think it's a guy, a guy thing. By the way, they've lost working class women too, that no one in the working class is voting Democrat anymore. So yes, they have a male issue, but it's, it's separate and apart from their working class issue because rich men don't like them, poor men don't like them. Middle class men don't like them. Only the super high educated rich men are voting Democrat.


Okay, so here's their, their handbook on men. Same reporter Shane Gold macer the headline. Six months later, Democrats are still searching for the path forward. They start off with this opening one long time Democratic researcher has a technique she leans on when nudging voters to share their deepest, darkest feelings about politics. She asked them to compare America's do two major parties to animals. After around 250 focus groups of swing voters, a few patterns have emerged. Republicans are seen as apex predators like lions, tigers, sharks, beasts that take what they want and when they want it.


Democrats are typically tagged as tortoises slugs or sloughs, slow plotting passive. One guy said a deer in headlights. You stand there and you see the car coming, but you're going to keep standing there and get hit with it. Anyway, okay, they go on to talk about what the dems are now doing. They've gathered at luxury hotels batya to discuss how to win back the working class voters commissioning new projects that can, that can read like anthropological studies of people from far away places. The luxury hotel they recently gathered at in February was the lands down resort in Leesburg, Virginia. It's nestled into 500 acres overlooking the picturesque Potomac River, 45 holes of championship golf, water, sports, tennis, and the 12,000 square foot spa mineral which offers an enriching restorative environment that emphasizes wellness and a deep connection to nature.


That's how they're gonna try to win back their working class by their, their luxury retreat with their enriching restorative environment, emphasizing wellness in a deep connection in nature. The prospectus for one new $20 million effort obtained by the Times aims to reverse the erosion of Democrat support among young men, especially online code named Sam. Sure for speaking with American men a strategic plan, it promises investment to quote study the syntax language and content that gains attention and virality in these spaces. They're gonna study the syntax VA and Bob's your uncle in the midterms in 2028.


What do you make of it? It's just too good to be true. It reminds me of the DNC where you literally had millionaires sitting in like the box seats looking down on You know, the regular people and then of course the stage was just a parade of multimillionaire after multimillionaire after multimillionaire talking about their joy. And it was like, let them eat the joy of Oprah Winfrey, right? Like this is what working class people are supposed to put in their chicken pot. At the end of the day, these people have no idea what regular people sound like. No idea what their concerns are.


And I just keep coming back to it stems from contempt. They do not love the American people, but they believe they have the right to rule over them because they have fancy degrees and they're very rich and so they want the power and they're willing to say whatever they can to get the power, but the power is very self-serving. It's just because they believe they should be in that position. They have no idea what to do with it. And so they have no idea what to offer the American people to get elected. And honestly it is very, very simple. It doesn't cost $20 million. I'll tell it to them for free. Like if you moderate on immigration, you moderate on trans issues, you just get back to the center, you embrace tariffs because that is what working people like because it resource manufacturing, you'll be, You know, cooking again, it's so obvious, but their donor class and their activist class who they are all terrified of are on the totally wrong side of all of this stuff.


They support open borders, environmental extremism, trans extremism. And so because they cannot bear to say no to the people they're terrified of, they end up wanting to trick working class people or men into giving them power again. So they can keep pleasing the elites in the donor class and in the activist class rather than loving the American people. Which is honestly that is Donald Trump's secret sauce. He loves the people And he wants to give them what they want. Yeah. And he's been a player in this rigged system for a long time when he knows exactly how it's done, which is why people trust him. He owned that both times three, all three times he ran and seemed to have an authentic message around it, which is like, I've paid them all, I know how this works, but I'll be in there beholden to no one.


Chris Arnad who's been on this show, he, he worked on Wall Street for 20 years and then he decided to kind of chuck it and begin traveling and to try to better understand the country. It's a great story. He reacted to this story online with a great post saying like, in the first person heading to the local Twin Peaks, gonna ask around of the men what syntax language and content gets your attention until I get punched out. But syntax gets your attention here he was when he came on the show just, just by way of, You know, context on somebody who actually has made the effort to understand the working class like yourself, who's written a whole book about it and what his messaging was.


They, they should spend some time with you. They should spend some time with Chris or not, or not. Here he is. Listen, The only answer they ever have is the old, You know, learn to code or, or move. We destroyed your community. We we shipped your jobs overseas. Then we tell them, oh, I'm sorry, I guess just now that your drug town is filling up with drugs and in despair, I guess just move or, or learn to code and that's extraordinarily offensive place matters to people. It's, it's some of the few things they have that really, You know, it it, it's meaningful to them in a way that's not meaningful to the front row forcing people to become economic migrants in their own country because the policies that benefit the wealthy, that's just offensive.


And so, You know, and, and the other solution is, You know, just get more education And you know, not everybody wants to just get more education. It's not, it's not how everybody thinks is that we should just, You know, be cur career careerists running around building resumes. Some people just wanna live life And you know, and define themselves through things like family, faith and and nation. It's so refreshing to hear it said so clearly. I don't know that the Democrat party can get back to that. There's, they've fun, they've run so far afield. Yeah. And if somebody was gonna pick up the mantle now would be the moment. Chris ti is amazing. I I call him the rebi, which in Hebrew means like, You know, the, the the the one who influences in a positive way who you look up to as a, as a teacher and a I don that he, he's so incredible and his book Dignity is so beautiful And he really got there even before I did and was canceled for it even before I was, there's a lot of people like him and me who were trying very lovingly from within the left to say, guys, you're missing the real story.


Like this country is not a white supremacy anymore. It's a country with a huge class divide between the elites and the working class. And we shouldn't be talking about working class people with contempt. We should be talking about them with respect and gratitude and making sure that they can achieve the most modest version of the American dream stuff that we take for granted in the elites. And they just did not wanna hear it and it's a really good question, can they pull it back? And I think even someone like Ro Kana for example, who will often say really smart things about economic populism from the left. Like he, he's given Trump like a, a fair shot, he's less aggressive and then he'll turn around and on trans be completely insane. Or you'll have Other girls, You know What happened, Seth Moulton, Seth Moulton came out, Seth Moulton, exactly.


Like it's not fair what's happening to the girls from Massachusetts? You know, I don't want my daughters playing against boys. Then he got rained down on by the left and quickly changed, nevermind, that's not my issue anymore. Forget it. Right. Just Kidding, just kidding. Right. And you know, on the men thing, it's like when I first read this story, You know, my first instinct was, you mean to tell me that calling young men rapists for 10 years didn't drive them into your arms and into your party? You know, like, Or I'm just gonna say it putting like enormously obese women on the cover of Sports Illustrated or men posing as women on the cover of sports like, or 80-year-old women. I'm sorry, like there there's just like an attempt to de normalize being a red-blooded American male.


Yeah, exactly. And of course there you can't have a functioning society without a healthy respect for masculinity. I mean it's like what are women supposed to do? Like women also want men to be like that. Yes. And I think that that's where you're seeing the sort of the normy, the erosion of normy support like norm ideas like that. You know, the ideal for a man is to be a defender and a protector and strong and and strong in his family and that none of that is violent or vile or disrespectful to women. That this is actually something that women themselves want and crave and respect and love And you know, the idea that somehow that is evil or bad.


This idea of toxic masculinity is very tied to the economy that the Democrats built first with Bill Clinton and NAFTA shipping all of these jobs that require physicality and masculinity and brawn overseas. And then with President Obama who defunded vocational training and then with Joe Biden who opened the border, suddenly you have 5 million, 10 million illegals competing in construction work and devaluing the wages in those jobs. The language of toxic masculinity was an alibi for the dispossession of the working class American male. It justified it, it allowed Democrats to say they don't deserve good jobs because masculinity itself is poisonous.


And of course nothing could be further from the truth. John Hassan online, he's written for the Daily Collar for the Spectator, very clever. He, he put it as follows as the Dems try to figure out how they lost men working out is right wing. And then he offers the M-S-N-B-C headline, the Far Rights Obsession with Fitness is going digital. Then he says liking hot girls is right wing a Newsweek headline How hot girls became the Rights New obsession Eating red meat is right Wing the nation headline How red meat became the red pill for the alt right then Dems, today we need $20 million to understand why young men hate us.


Like you can't, you can't working out liking hot girls eating red meat, that's all Republican stuff. I mean so now, okay we need more money to figure out the syntax of these beings. We used to call men and figure out how to talk to them. Okay, there is an interesting wrinkle though having said all that Rahm Emanuel is coming into focus as a possibility for the left and gave an interview and basically didn't deny it. Now I actually find this very interesting and I realize he's very establishment. He worked for the Clintons, he worked for Obama, he was there when we bailed out Wall Street under Obama and was his chief of staff under Obama.


So he is like as establishment dem as they come, but he, And he was mayor of Chicago back when it was still a city and not just an absolute nightmare like it is now. I totally resent the current governance, but he has swagger, he's a fighter, he's a ballbuster, he doesn't take shit from anybody. And I, so I have to say like he's definitely not gonna get my vote, but he's interesting. If I were a Democrat, I would definitely be spending some time hovering over that target because he's not the weak, You know, sad little soy boy type that Trump or his successor could run rough shot over.


He's also loathed by the left. So he is very much as you point out an establishment centrist democrat who the left absolutely hates. So we're gonna see whether a democrat who can truly sideline that left wing, the activist wing and the donor wing who are all very radical on the social issues, whether somebody like that has a shot. What I predict is he will be very centrist on social policy, but when it comes to foreign policy and economic policy, he's gonna sound a lot like a Republican from before Trump. Then he will like what that sort of consensus in the in the middle wants, which is protectionist economic policy and more isolationists, it's not really isolationists, but a more America first foreign policy.


He probably will do that sort of handshake agreement that they had between the rhino version of the Republican party and the Democrats under Clinton and Obama where it was very aggressive in terms of foreign policy, but then actually quite free market, free trade in terms of economic policy. And I think that would be sort of the kiss of death for him. That's an interesting point. Yes, because he's going to be much more, You know, the 2010 Democrat party and Republican party, You know, when the Republicans went through the same sa, same soul searching effort after they lost the 2012 election, their big solve was to push for amnesty that that there had to be comprehensive immigration reform, which meant amnesty or they'd never get another Hispanic vote and they completely misread the message that was given to them.


You know, they had the wrong man running for office with all due respect to MIT Romney. They needed a warrior like Trump, a fighter for the people, not an elite Bain capital type, You know, sort of more aete white shoe, You know, chamber of Commerce Republican and, and the Democrats could take a lesson but they're in serious chaos right now. And oh well your life is the way it is because you set it up that way. Bcia love talking to you. Thank you so much for being here. God bless. Thank you so much for everything you do. Ah, talk to you soon. Okay, up next Kelly's court and we'll tell you the stunning testimony from Diddy's assistant, former assistant.


She was like the most important one. Who took the stand this morning? Don't go away


these days. Personal safety is not something that can be left chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear gas, pepper, kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part is Burna can be shipped direct to your door and its legal in all 50 states. Burna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Look, sometimes a firearm is not the right option for you and Byrna provides a powerful alternative or supplement to your self-defense plan. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's BYR na.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are adding Bea's less lethal protection. Bea, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


Hi everyone, this is former White House Pres secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it, cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Just wanted to give you a little update on my tax numbers. I did look it up the bottom half in terms of earnings pay, 2.3% of federal taxes. The top 1% pay about 50%, 45.8% in federal taxes. Even though they earned 22% of the revenue but paid more than double that the top 10% pay 72% of all federal taxes in 2021. It was closer to 76% of all federal taxes. And the problem with just lowering the corporate tax is it doesn't help individuals who file as S corporations like a big corporation, You know, like a Google that's a C corporation. But the smaller businesses tend to file as S corporations, in which case the income passes through to the individual and you have to pay individual taxes.


So it's those that is who the Republicans raise every time somebody tries to increase taxes and just says tax the rich. I can speak to this as a business owner, that's how I do it too. And it's not that I wanna punish anybody working for me, but when you're running a business, you, you don't make your bottom line take the hit you, you decide to scale up your efficiencies and that either means not hiring a new person that you were gonna hire, or in the worst case scenario, firing somebody who's already on board because you have a budget to make and you don't, you don't alter your budget by just saying, oh, we'll make, You know, less profit will get a narrower margin. You tend to figure out, how can I lower my expenses? And that would include staff.


And it's not just for, You know, my company, it's for every company that's a smaller company. So in any event, that's the argument. I, I get that it works the other way. And you know, people love to say Tax the Rich a very popular thing to do. And I understand why so many Democrats and now Republicans and Trump have held it out there, but I don't think it's gonna happen because there's too many Republicans who feel about it the way I do. I don't think he has the votes to push that through in any event. Okay, she's not wrong. That it's a very politically savvy thing to say, okay, we gotta do Kelly's Court because there's unbelievable stuff going on. We're gonna start with Diddy and I'm gonna give you the latest, but I'm gonna bring in my legal panel so they can listen to the latest too. Former Litigator and Rumble creator.


Viva Fry is here and legal analyst, analyst and host of Inside the Law on YouTube. Phil Holloway, guys, great to see you. Thanks for coming back on. All right, I'm gonna bring the audience up to speed on what's happening in the Diddy trial and then I'll get you guys to weigh in on the significance to this. I, I won't list it all, but I'll just give an update perhaps on Capricorn Clark, who took the stand today, she was Diddy's assistant for several years from 2004 through 2012. So I think she's probably the most significant assistant that he's had over the years. We've heard her name a lot from Cassie Ventura, the Star Witness, and from others.


And so she takes the stand for the prosecution today. And I was telling my team, all I can think of when I hear that name is from Trading Places, Billy Ray Valentine Capricorn. But this woman's name is Capricorn. I don't know whether she is also a Capricorn in the astrological world. And she hurt him for sure. She hurt Diddy in my opinion. But the cross is just beginning so open mind. Here are some of the things that she said, okay, that he told me he was going to kill Kid Cuddy over Kid Cuddy's affair with Cassie. He came to my apartment Livid with a gun.


He said, get dressed, quote, we're going to kill this N word that's pretty on the nose. He, hold on, let me get more of it. Okay. He allegedly broke into Kid Cuddy's home in December of 2011. We had Kid Cudi testifying that somebody broke in and did some weird things. And now we have Capric saying it. It was Diddy and I was there and I know he did it. And it was exactly the time that Kid Cuddy said somebody broke into his home. And she described what was done inside. And it perfectly aligns with what Kid Cuddy said. He came home, home to that.


He opened up the presents that were there. His Christmas presents were there. He opened them up that he locked the dog in the closet or some, some small room. And that he, he moved cameras. Okay, so he's, that testimony lines up. Then she talked about how after he broke into Kid Cuddy's home, she, Diddy, I wanna get my facts straight, hold on. Capricorn Clark and Ventura, Cassie Ventura went to see Sean Holmes in, at his Los Angeles Homes combs.


This is after he had broken into, into kid Cuddy's Combs was in a robe and underwear and immediately began kicking Cassie. This is right when he's finding out that she'd been allegedly having an affair with Kid Cudi. Not allegedly. Cassie says, it's so and so did Kid Cudi. And he immediately began kissing, kicking, kicking Cassie Capricorn Clark says she and a security guard stood by as Combs repeatedly kicked Cassie Ventura. Capricorn said Combs threatened to hurt her too if she tried to stop him. Capricorn Clark said she left after the security guard told her to leave. And Cassie Ventura was still on the ground while Combs continued to kick her. Capricorn said she called Cassie Ventura's mom Regina as she left, saying quote, please help her.


I can't call the police, but you can. Regina Ventura said she would handle it and hung up. All right, let's just start there. So you've got corroborating testimony to what we've heard earlier in the case. And now you have, 'cause You know, this conspiracy, racketeering conspiracy, they need to show it was more than just Diddy and the prosecution had alleged in its opening. He had staffers who helped him commit crimes, crimes that aren't necessarily charged statute of limitations expired, et cetera, but that he committed as part of this overall criminal enterprise. Phil, let me start with you on whether the prosecution is making its case. Well, it sounds like Megan, they're finally getting into some of the, the meat of the matter because up until now we've heard a lot of emotionally charged testimony.


We've heard about domestic violence, we've heard about, You know, third rate burglaries and things like that, like you were just discussing. But we haven't heard much about how this was some type of criminal enterprise related to, You know, sex trafficking. We're starting to hear now that who these people are that are the other racketeers. You've got other employees, security personnel. And so the, the government is starting to make its case. They've got a long way to go. But until today I had a lot of reasonable doubt that things that I was thinking about because these witnesses all seem to have some degree of kind of affection for combs or maybe had affection in the past.


And it may be that they all had some kind of an angle, some incentive to testify against and maybe sour grapes. So the defense has been doing a pretty good job on cross-examination. But let's see if they can sustain that momentum now that the prosecution is really getting into the heart of the matter. Well, exactly. So what's happened so far on cross, well, I'm gonna pause there 'cause we're still talking about the direct and I wanna get Veeva to weigh in on what we've heard there and then I've got more from the direct Go ahead Megan. My, I'm starting off this entire process with the premise that once you view this prosecution as the coverup and this trial, as the coverup, the entire trial takes on a whole different meaning.


Diddy is a criminal. I mean, I say this by the evidence, by what we know by the video of him beating Cassie and all we know he's a criminal. We know, Which is undisputed. He does not dispute that that was him in the video beating her. We know it. We know that this is abject de degeneracy of the highest order that has spanned decades. You go back and watch, get Him to the Greek again, and you see pit Didi's character in that movie and you understand it was based on reality and not, You know, comedic writing. It takes on a whole new meaning. But once you look at this and say this is supposed to be a trial about criminal sex trafficking, Rico, as in there's an infrastructure, there were cameras all over p Diddy's apartment. He was running effectively a blackmail extortion ring. And this entire prosecution has been reduced now to two witnesses, Cassie and Jane Doe.


Once you start viewing this prosecution as the coverup and not the exposing of the criminality, it'll take on a whole new meaning. Which Covering up what though? What do you, what do you mean? Yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna explain There's an extort, there is an extortion ring that involves other people that is not being fleshed out here. And it's, it's sort of like the movie, the Titanic where you have this entire backdrop of the crisis of the Titanic and it is reduced to Billy Zane chasing the woman, I forget her name, around the boat. Like Rose. You have Rose. Yeah. Well I figured her. Kate Blanchet. You Have no Kate. Kate what? What Winslow Wins. So you have this entire blackmail extortion ring. They went and raided Diddy's house, there were cameras there. We know that it involves, You know, the higher ups in the entertainment industry, if not the world of politics as well.


And this entire prosecution is reduced to P Diddy and what we know of his abuse of Cassie and potentially Jane. And then once you flesh out the fact that for whatever the reason Maureen Comey, James Comey's daughter is still involved as one of the, this trial, that this trial is a show trial because we're, they're gonna get him on something. It might just be the, You know, trafficking for prostitution purposes, which seems undeniable. Send him away for 10 years, maybe he gets out after eight and then you've successfully covered up the entire extortion ring that P did. He was running much like what they did with Epstein. Oh, that's very interesting because where are all the tapes showing these well-known celebrities allegedly at these parties? You know, who knows doing who knows what. That speculation on our part, but I've, I have yet to hear anybody put it that way.


Veeva. One of the many reasons we love hearing your legal perspective. Alright, let me continue going with the direct testimony of Capricorn. Billy Ray Valentine Ain't cool being no jerky so close to Thanksgiving. Okay, sorry. I love that movie. She goes on. So let's just go back to December, 2011. Okay, so December of 2011 is when she says he learned about this relationship between Kid Cuddy and Cassie. And he, he went, he showed up at Capricorn Clark's home with a gun, threatened to go kill kid Cuddy. I read you the quote, get dressed, we're going to kill this N word.


She said, she put a lot of detail around it saying when he showed up at my house, Capricorn did. 'cause I, for some reason he wanted his assistant to go with him for his hit. Abigail finding, how good do you have it? I'm sorry, but like when I do my own hits, I leave my assistant at home. I don, I do not show up at her home and insist she come with me. He said, she said she looked through the pee, she could see his pants were split up the inseam from the knee upward exposing his underwear. When she opened the door, he was holding a gun. He was furious. Why didn't you tell me? He said and asked her about Kid Cudi Clark testified that Sean Holmes still holding the gun, said get dressed. Yeah, we're gonna go kill him. The New York Post reporting that he used the N word when she tried to protest combs said, I don't give an F what you want to do, go get dressed.


Clark said Combs was livid, furious, mad at me. I had never seen him with a weapon. I had never seen him making me do something like this. She said she called Cassie to tell her Diddy was in Kid Cuddy's home, which is where she and Diddy went next. They drove to his home, Combs and his security guard entered the home. She was still out in the car. She stayed in the car. She called Cassie Ventura on a burner phone. She testified, she told Ventura that Combs had come to her house with a gun and then they'd gone to Kid Cuddy's home to kill him. Just a day in the life as Diddy's assistant. She said she changed Ventura's contact name in the phone to the name Stormy so that Combs would not know that she had just called Ventura. Clark said she could hear someone yelling in the background of her call with Cassie Ventura.


He's in my house. And that was Kid Cuddy. According to Cassie, this all dovetails with kid Cuddy's testimony. When Combs got back into the car, he asked who Clark had been talking to. He called Ventura's burner phone, which was the last recorded call in in Capricorn's call Log Combs. Furious said Bitch, what the f is this number? A short time later, kid Cudi pulled up next to Combs, escalated outside of his home and then accelerated away. Good call Kid Cudi. Good call Combs vehicle followed in pursuit. Capricorn testified it felt like forever, but couldn't have been longer than a minute that they followed. She goes on hold on that he once ran at her. He was very angry because he heard that she said she didn't like working for him.


Another thing she testified to was he, he kept her like slave wages. She made 65 grand a year, but that was supposed to be for normal eight hour shift. And she said he had her working literally 9:00 AM to 4:00 AM that if she had a four hour overnight rest, it was a lot. So she was complaining about the job and one of his other staffers told Diddy she was complaining and she testified. He once ran at me after that shoving me 25 to 30 yards. Now I don't know if that's an exaggeration, but if that's true, think about a football field. I mean that's a third of the way down the field. My god. Yeah, that would be some shove after I, I said I hated working for him.


He ran at me hands open, he charged at my shoulders, if you hate it here, get the F out of my house. He said security intervened and told me to leave. I quit after that. She testified she helped with the freak offs, providing the baby oil, a camera bag, clothes, lube drugs like ecstasy. She testified she saw Diddy doing drugs, ecstasy and Molly among them also prescription drugs. She also offered this Phil, she was once forced, I think it is her first. No, no, this is two. I'm conflating two things. This is, I don dunno when this happened in the employment, but she was once forced to take a polygraph after combs diamond jewelry disappeared.


She was told she would be thrown in the East river if she failed his bodyguard. Uncle Pauly can't make it up, I'm sorry. Uncle Paulie came to her, to her home and forced her to go with him to an abandoned skyscraper at 1710 Broadway. These are all important details to be believed by a jury where after diamond necklaces, bracelets and watches, or perhaps it was in the singular went missing while she was transporting them, she said for five full days she was interrogated and given a polygraph, which I suppose she passed because she was not thrown into the East River and was allowed to continue working for Diddy.


Okay, Phil, What are they proving with this? What, what is the prosecution trying to show us? Well, I, You know, I, this whole testimony from this particular witness is a head scratcher. I mean, first off, who lives like this? You know, I'm a former police officer, prosecutor, criminal lawyer. And I can tell you that when people are are aware of a burglary in progress or when they get physically assaulted and thrown yards and yards down a football field or or that length anyway, people call the police. People complain in real time. And there's other things that can we jury could look at to corroborate their testimony. This whole business about working 20 hours a day straight with maybe four hours of sleep day in and day out without meal breaks or restroom breaks.


That's just not the kind of thing that's really believable in my view. And it's stranges credibility to believe that, that this has actually happened. So what it looks to me like is that she's exaggerating a little bit, maybe because she's got some kind of sour grapes. Maybe because she is some victim in some capacity, I don't know. But when she's seemed to be stretching some of it, a jury can disregard the entirety of her testimony. Lemme Just say that she did, she did testify that the, she went to the head of HR while she was working for Diddy and complained about not getting paid for the many hours she was putting in and that the head of HR allegedly told Diddy, you owe her $80,000 with a, like a, a written notification and that Diddy ripped it up.


Yeah. Well again, how are we gonna corroborate and, and prove that other than accepting her? Maybe we Have the paper at her work. If we have the paper, You Know, if they have the paper and they can produce it, great. But if not, it's just another in the whole laundry list of things that, that just makes me wonder that I, if she's not, I don dunno if I agree. E Exaggerating. I don dunno if I agree. 'cause we've had two other assistants take the stand that they were both males and they testified to our like this too. I mean, that working for him was around the clock thing. One of them complained of being tired and the, and the bodyguard in the car with him said, what? Rhymes with tired. Well, I mean, I don't look, I mean, it's obvious this was an abnormal workplace.


I mean, this is not the kinda way that normal people live. No. And so I'm sure that where there's, You know, where there's smoke, there's fire. I'm sure they did work long hours, but when you say that you only got four hours of sleep just all the time and that you never took a restroom break. I mean, come on. That's just the kind of thing that that makes it look to me like she's stretching the truth just a little bit. And what the, the problem is, if a jury thinks that she's stretching the truth about one thing, the judge is gonna tell 'em at the end of the trial, they can be free to disregard the entirety of the testimony. It's True. I agree with all of that. But Kid Cudi had no reason to lie about What happened to him.


Well he certainly, he certainly has a beef. Well he is, he certainly has a beef with, with combs. That's the problem. But they, none of these, these witnesses are exactly Un they made up, they made up. Well you, you don't need an unbiased witness in order to win a case. There's very rarely that you have a witness who has absolutely no bias whatsoever. I mean, there was, but Kid Cuddy has, he was open about the fact that he wasn't happy that Diddy was dating Cassie when he was dating Cassie. But he didn't blame Diddy for that. He blamed Cassie. He said she played me, she told me they had broken up. So his beef wasn't with Diddy, but he was upset that his car was bombed. Well, he believes, And there's the beef, there's the beef right there. Oh, come on Phil.


That's like, he tried to murder me. Well, you can't believe the word she says because she, because he tried to murder her. Of course she's out to get him. I mean, come on, He, if Viva tried to burn my car down or burn, burn up my car, blow me up. I'd probably have a little bit of a heartburn that might linger through the years as well. So, I mean, I just, this is not realistic question whether or not there's really bias or Okay. And not everybody who comes on the stand is a little Mother Teresa type with absolutely no negative experiences with the defendant. This guy's being called because the prosecution says Diddy firebombed his home and now you have an a second witness coming forward to say yes. He, he hated Kid Cudi and I was with him in the car as he went over the, on a separate visit to try to kill him with an announcement quote.


We're get dressed, we're going to kill that N word. Go ahead, Veeva. Oh, I was gonna say, first of all, if if precedent means anything, Megan, you can use the N word and and then rake in three quarters of a million dollars by way of give, send, go on social media. Haha, jokes aside, can we, that's that they have an HR department at p Diddy's place of employment where they have drugs. You free costs. I mean the, I I'm sort of with Phil on this in that it sounds so absurd. Fine. What's the prosecution trying to portray here? That he was a bad boss. That he was doing no good gangster things? No, I'll explain it to you. I'll tell you. And then you then you, and I'll give you the field. They're, they're saying there are multiple crimes as part of this criminal enterprise and violating labor laws is one of them.


That that's just, they're just ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking down the crimes that there was kidnapping, there was assault and battery, there was arson, there were labor law and violations. There were drug violations, there were prostitution violations. This is all part of the criminal enterprise. Th this is just as much, if not more than you'd see in a mob case, Veeva. But that's the reason they're bringing all this in. Yeah, I mean potentially. I mean the, the Ricoh violations of labor laws, I think when it's in the context of alleged sex trafficking, I, You know, you almost weaken the case by diluting it down to say, yeah, the Ricoh enterprise involved. I Don't think so. They're just trying to show he was, he was disrespectful of a law of the law at every turn.


There wasn't anything he respected, he was told, there's been witness to testimony that the assistants were told, your, your wor this is Diddy's kingdom and our job is just to make him happy that somebody called him like he's a true icon. Like it, it was like a cult around Diddy. They were all expected to do what he asked whether it was legal or not. Well, that much is true. My problem is that if we're gonna expand the RICO to this type of criminality, like when you're talking about the mobsters, you're talking about an organization that operates in the criminality. This is a music industry which has what we know of the music industry, levels of violence, intimidation. But yet I don't know that this is what The, well, the rap industry, I think you should be more, I don't like, as much as I dislike Taylor Swift, nobody thinks Taylor Swift is running an operation like this.


It's him and it's the rap world, but it's him in particular. I mean, there's a reason like all these people he know got killed, got shot, got murdered in his industry. And there are questions about what, if anything did He knew about all of that. He was accused of shooting a woman in the face. He's a thug. So let's not pretend, oh, You know, it's impossible he could be running a criminal enterprise because I beg to differ gentlemen, it appears very much to me that's exactly what he was doing. Go ahead, Viva. That there's criminality within the industry. I don't know that that is what people understand when you talk about Rico, sex trafficking, criminal enterprise. And again, like when I say I'm viewing this through the eyes, that what they want to do is muddy this entire thing to get away from the actual, to not to bury the lead, to hide the lead.


Okay. They were involved in every, I would say not every rapper, but within a certain industry. Everyone's gonna be involved in criminality if that's what's gonna be now Rico for the purposes of criminal prosecution. I just Don't agree with that. I don't agree. This is extreme, this is extreme behavior. I I mean I would give you that most bands, if you really like looked under the hood, would have a long list of me too problems. I'd give you that one. And probably drug problems too. But this is something like threatening murder again, allegedly shooting a woman in the face though that's not coming in. That's separate. That's the whole j lo thing back in 2000 that's somebody else took the rap for, but the victim says it was Diddy, but he's just got a, there, there's a lot of smoke around Diddy, which can lead a jury to find a fire.


And there's actual hardcore proof of criminal acts. Like, like there's no question about the prostitutions. There's no question that he beat Cassie Ventura. And not just that once the evidence is overwhelming of serial beatings of this woman, and not surprisingly now the supporting caste, the assistance, the sex workers, You know, we're gonna have others who are supporting this field of criminality. Like this act and that act and the other, they're not the most upstanding people. Go ahead. Well, I I I I'm viewing it again through what they are not disclosing or what is not coming up by way of the Rico sex trafficking.


Yes. This is a, it's an organization that involves criminality. I think many people would understand that's what the rap industry is. That's how they market it. That's how they label it. If you're gonna expand Rico prosecutions to within the music industry, there's criminality then yeah. You're not far off from going to drug addiction and telling people to shut up and don't talk about this or whatever. You're gonna prosecute them for Rico, this was sold as Diddy mansion being raided because of a network of cameras that rivaled Epstein's blackmail extortion in terms of that. And now it's been reduced to, okay, gangsters acting like gangsters. He's gonna get convicted. I mean my, my my prediction was when the defense starts, I agree with what you're saying. Is it when it's when the defense starts off with, yeah, he gets violent when he gets jealous, but he's not a sex trafficker.


Alright, good, good luck with that. He's gonna get, but it's by virtue of what he's convicted on. Yeah, we Are, I I agree with you. I agree with you. And, and I will also add to that by saying I have been so far underwhelmed with what they found in these raids, which means that either didn't find a lot or were not seeing all of what they found. To your point, because it's mostly lube and baby oil and some guns, which this is America, you're allowed to have guns. I, I don't know if these were illegal guns. There was some testimony that some had the serial numbers shaved off of them that could be potentially problematic. So all of that is allegedly part of it. But it's not the Epstein tapes.


By, by far. All right, Phil, let me give you this. There was cross has begun of Capricorn and it's going pretty well for Diddy the cross. Now I, from this, I don't know whether it wipes out all of the directs, but let me read you What happened so far. Un cross. This is via CNN defense attorney Mark Ag Nilo began by confirming with Capricorn Clark that they had met before Agni 10 Geragos. That's another player. So on the prosecution side you've got James Comey's daughter and then Geragos, sorry, she's on the defense side. 10 Geragos is the daughter of Mark Geragos, who's like these legal giants offspring, fairing, squaring off against each other.


So anyway, defense attorney Magnio, defense attorney, Tenny Geragos and another attorney for Sean Combs met with Capricorn Clark on April 10th, 2024. Magnio asked Clark to confirm that she told them at that meeting that Combs quote wouldn't be in this mess if he had kept her around. She acknowledged that she did probably say something like that as they discussed the possibility of her returning to work for him as his chief of staff. She also told the lawyers at the meeting, Cassie Ventura was not good for combs, by the way, not for nothing.


But the attorney who accompanied Clark to that meeting was the Waldo now of high powered cases. My own lawyer, Brian Friedman, he's everywhere. He's got bald. He had me, he had Gabrielle Union, Chris Cuomo, Don Lemon, he had to, he had to do that one. And now, yeah, now he's in the Menendez case And he was with Capricorn Clark at this meeting. But you see what they're going for, Phil, that she appears to, as of April of last year, been angling to get rehired by this terrible, terrible man who almost committed a murder in her presence. Yeah, and this is why I was saying earlier that, You know, the jury has plenty of reason not to believe this woman. Look, she's saying that Cassie was not good for combs.


I mean, my God, it's combs that was not good for Cassie or anybody else apparently. And yet she's saying that she would be, I guess, willing to go back to work as the chief of staff for, for this wrap. I don't understand how the prosecution is expecting the jury to even take this woman seriously. My hope is that they're going to strengthen their case with some witnesses in the following days and maybe weeks that you cannot impeach in this way. Because clearly this witness has some reason to ha have some kind of an emotional investment in calms himself or in the overall enterprise, or maybe even in her testimony.


And so the jury has plenty of reasons to, to question it. So I really think that, yeah, like you said, there's plenty of smoke and maybe the jury can find a fire. But the prosecution, if they, they must clean this up, they must get into some more hard, and I hate to even say this hardcore criminal proof of, of act, You know, of crimes because otherwise the jury, why do You say that? What, what, what about the multiple beatings that he could, that he gave to Cassie? And you don't, you don't think the jury has enough to credit kid Cuddy's suspicion that Diddy dropped a Molotov cocktail in his car. Now it's been backed up by her and by Cassie and by Kid Cuddy himself. That alone seeing the beating with your own eyes, hearing from Cassie's mother, his assistance, security, now this witness and kid Cudi too about the abuse that Cassie endured over the years, like there's been multiple, multiple submissions of proof on repeated criminal acts.


Yeah, look, I tend to agree that, that he probably is guilty of all things, all these things. But my point simply is that from a a trial tactics perspective, I think it's bad for 'em for prosecutors to muddy up their case with witnesses that can be impeached this easily. And one thing that a ju a good lawyer can do is at the end of the trial, they needed her, they can go through this and they can say, look, they Needed her because of the December of 2011 day. Or she both went in the car to kid to kid Cutty's house and saw, did he go in there and said, and can testify. He said he was going to kill him and she could testify about the beatings that she, she saw of Cassie, which she also supported and that he attacked her.


So I think they needed her and they, they figured it was worth it to take that hit on her wanting to go back to him. And I don't know how they're gonna handle that. On redirect. Go ahead, Viva. Well just add this as a Canadian attorney who never practiced criminal law, but You know, when you think of criminal organizations, we are seeing evidence of criminality and coverups and there's already laws dealing with that conspiracy, aiding and abetting whatever. When you're, when we're visualizing criminal organizations, what we are visualizing is mob organizations whose true, But the law is as a, as an American lawyer who did practice law for nine years, the law is you only need two predicate acts. That's it. You just need two, two acts of illegality. And they don't have to be within the statute of limitations. And they've got it, they've got it.


You may not like the law, but that's a law. And you do have to have an a conspiracy, however. So they have to show that he had an agreement with other people to do some of these criminal acts, which is why the staff's now taking the stand and saying, I had to clean. I, I gave the drugs, I stood by while she was beaten. I went with him to kill kid Cudi. I, You know, it's crazy, crazy testimony. Go ahead, Viva. I just wanna know like they're reducing these freak offs or these sex things to just p Diddy getting his rocks off, pun intended. Like that's what they've reduced these things down to when they were so much more than that. I know that they've started naming some names or some celebrities, but You know, like when Diddy got arrested and people started going back in the internet time and pulling up videos that now in retrospect, look, highly suspect, the idea that they're reducing these sex parties to Diddy's own personal satisfaction is laughable.


And I think it's not realistic that what they're not revealing or what they're covering up is much more sinister and much more wide reaching than just Diddy looking to get his own Sense. Lemme ask you this, Viva, i i I wouldn't be shocked by a verdict that finds him guilty of the Rico count, the racketeering conspiracy and guilty of transportation of a prostitute and not guilty of sex trafficking because they amassed enough evidence. The defense did that Cassie kind of went along with the freak offs at times, said at least she wanted the freak offs, or at least 'cause let's not forget that the sex trafficking by force count requires not only that he forced her by coercion or fraud, it also requires that he knew she didn't want it.


That he, he knew she was being forced. And so the defense is introducing like emails from her, like, I can't wait to freak off again. You know, when do you want it? And that she was the one who called all the sex trafficking all the sex workers and paid all the sex workers. And that she testified she stayed because she loved the lifestyle. You know, so the defense has got, I don't, I, I could see that that count not going their way, but the whole RICO count is kind of like he built this criminal enterprise and did all these terrible things in order to enable the freak offs. So could you have a conviction on RICO and not on sex trafficking? Would that make sense? I wouldn't venture any sort of professional opinion there, but my prediction would be the exact inverse that he's gonna get convicted on the transportation for prostitution, maybe on the 'cause I think it's very easy.


It will be not very easy. But the, the evidence is there now to lend credibility to the argument that Cassie was definitely physically beaten, extorted into it and coerced into it. So I, I, I think that's there then I think, You know, you get a a, an acquittal or a non-con conviction on the Rico, but he still goes to jail for 10, 20 years. I don't know if they run them concurrent or, or, or, or what's the, the other word? Consecutive. Consecutive. But no, I think they get 'em on the easiest one right off the bat. The evidence is there. And I think it's not hard to show the coercion. Nobody wants to have a freak off when they're having a urinary tract infection. She was physically beating all they need to know. And if it happened once, it happened more than once to say that she freely did anything, I don't think any reasonable jury member's been.


And the other thing that we're not counting for here, Phil, is by this point in the trial, the jury hates him. Hates, yeah. Well Look, I think they've done, look, whether or not they've proven each of these counts beyond a reasonable doubt, Tom will tell. I think they're going to have some chances to clean it up. I think that two or three weeks from now, not only will the jury hate him, but I imagine they will have heard from some witnesses that don't have this, this type of, let's just call it colorful cross-examination that the defense can get into. And two weeks from now, if we come back and do this again, I think we're gonna look at this trial in a completely different light. But it's absolutely possible you could have inconsistent verdicts.


It's impossible. It's, it's possible you could have a mixed verdict. I don't think it's likely he's that he would walk on all counts. But it's certainly going to be interesting to do a retrospective look at what this jury was thinking about at each step of this particular trial. Hmm. I'll give you guys one more thing and then we'll take a break. The superseding indictment, the most recent indictment alleges there are three victims of his in this sort of sex trafficking lane. That, that, and then, and then we believe the jury would hear from them. Now we understand only two will be heard from, we've been reporting this. But now it's confirmed that victim three is not expected to testify.


She's been identified as victim. Three, three sources familiar with the case told CNN. This is the woman who's been referred to as Gina throughout the trial. She's an ex-girlfriend of Combs. The defense's theory is that he was cheating on Cassie with Gina and possibly others. And that Cassie was blind with jealousy and most of her complaints about him related to the fact that he was with Gina. And she was very angry and yelling at him. In any event, what what we believed was that Gina was going to take the stand. Now we think she's not, because the source is, is saying to CNN, she just didn't wanna do it, did not wanna take the stand. But she was referenced in the, in the indictment as part of the rack and tear conspiracy count, it says that calms and his associates wielded his power through his business empire to intimidate, threaten and lure at least three female victims, one, two, and three under the pretense of a romantic relationship and coerced them into engaging in commercial sex acts.


Prosecutors alleged some of these sex acts known as freak offs, male sex workers who were transported across city or state lines. Here is that woman. Now there is a belief that they can still get some of this in this testimony. I don't know how, because you have a right to confront your accuser and to cross examine. So I'm not sure if they can get this in or not, but I did read somewhere that the prosecution aims to get some of her allegations in there. Even if she doesn't take the stand. Here she is. She gave an interview on a show called Unwin with Tasha k on June 14th, 2019. And let's play. So 31, first He had caught me texting another man.


He was in Miami and it got really crazy that time. We was upstairs And he, he had like, we were in his closet And he like pushed me and I fell to the ground. And, and then he got, he like stood over me. So I was like laying on my back And he stood over me And he started like punching me like this. Like he avoided my face, but he like started punching me, like on the side of my head, punching your temples, my head. And I was just like covering my face.


And he did that, he did that. And then, and then after he got done doing that, he like, 'cause he was standing, his legs were like sta in between me. So he like, he like stomped on my stomach, like really hard. And I like took the wind out of my breath. I couldn't even, I couldn't breathe. And he kept, but he kept hitting me and I was like pleading to him, like, can you just, can you stop To the point we just made? Like if the jury gets wind of that, like it's just, it's a pattern. First of all, she looks, it eerily similar to Cassie Ventura, doesn't she?


Obviously he had a type and like, I don't know if they get that in any way, Phil, I don't think there's any way of getting that, that that tape in, right? But if the jury hears any of that, it's gonna be tough to discard. Well, if you look at what she's saying, I mean the, there's evidence and testimony that, You know, he punched, You know, Cassie in the stomach. This seems like a pattern, a specific pattern of, of behavior. It's almost like his criminal signature. And there are ways under the rules of evidence to get in hearsay if the declarant is unavailable, if there is like sufficient indications of believability that's true. And truthfulness and veracity. When, when the hearsay declarant is unavailable. And unavailability might mean a refusal to testify or a, the fact that she's under subpoena and she's just not co coo cooperating and, and showing up to court.


So what we don't know is strategically how they're going to offer this evidence, what specific evidence they're going to offer it, and then under what theory of the, the federal rules of evidence they're going to offer it. So it's possible the jury could still hear some of that, but it's, we just have to wait and see how they do it. I'll give you one more, Aviva here. She's talking about, well, let's just play it. So 30. Well I told him And he was like, he was like, you're gonna get an abortion, right? And then I was like, I don't know Uhuh, I don't know yet. And then, and then he offered me 50,000 to get rid of it.


But I turned it down because I just, I just loved him and I just, and I wanted, I wanted to, I was like trying to prove that I wasn't the girl that was wanted him for money when I had the second abortion. He, I had to go home like the next, I had to go home two days later 'cause he had to go on a trip to Burning Man. To Burning Man to Burning Man, which is in Nevada. It's like a, a festival in the desert.


Okay? So I had to go through that and then he went to Burning Man and just, he just left me like fucked up. Oh, just, just wanna make clear. We believe that's Gina and it's victim number three. The New York Times says victim number three is shown there. And we believe that's Gina. So just to be clear on where we got that information from, go ahead Viva, To state the ab the obvious abject degeneracy. But, but set that aside. And again, Canadian lawyer never practiced criminal law, but we know the standard that he very smart Man Probative value needs to outweigh the prejudicial nature or the unduly prejudicial nature of the evidence.


One would argue what's unduly prejudicial about another woman explaining exactly what we already see on camera of him doing to Cassie. And I would also imagine maybe there's a way of subpoenaing the podcaster to have it admitted as evidence, not as the truthfulness of the statements made, but rather just that it happened. This is what she said. And you can take it at its face value or not. But it's, again, I I would argue what what would, if you wanna get this in as admissible hearsay, and the argument's gonna be, does the probative value outweigh the unduly prejudicial nature of it? It's on video. We, we know that this is his mo it's part of his defense. He gets angry and violent when he gets jealous. Okay, maybe the defense will submit it as an exhibit because it supports their evidence.


He gets violent and angry when he gets jealous. But he's not a Rico sex trafficker. Good luck with that defense. I, I hear those testimonials and I want someone in prison to do that to him. I really do. I what kind of a man beats a woman? It it like that and she beats any woman, but these women are half his size. I mean, he actually has himself convinced, if this is true, he's some sort of a tough guy. He's gonna put them in their place. They couldn't have defended themselves unless they had a gun. Literally. These are very thin, gorgeous, young, obviously not physically strong and frankly maybe not mentally strong women whom he clearly exploited and got off on torturing.


I mean, they, they are painting the picture of a sadist sitting there at defense ca table with his little gray hair now and his reading glasses and his bible and his little sweater with his crew neck. It's a lie the way he, he's being presented by the defense and I have heard enough to never want to see this man run free again. That's my own opinion on it. Alright guys, standby. We're gonna take a break back with Phil and Viva right after this,


this spring. Everyone has a lot going on with limited time for grocery shopping or cooking healthy meals at home. Hungryroot offers a great and convenient solution. Hungryroot acts as a personal shopper and nutritionist handling weekly grocery shopping and recommending healthy groceries and meals tailored to individual tastes, nutrition preferences and health goals. It simplifies eating high quality, nutritious food, and achieving various diet or health goals such as anti-inflammatory, gluten-free and more. Most of hungry roots recipes can be prepared in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box plus get a free item in every box for life. What? Go to Hungryroot dot com slash mk and use the code mk that's Hungryroot dot com slash mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungryroot dot com slash mk code MK


this July. There's a global summit of Brix nations in Rio de Janeiro. The block of emerging superpowers or so they hope to be including China, Russia, India and Iran are meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling it the Rio Reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans, some worry global demand for US dollars could decrease bringing down the value of those dollars that are in your savings while this transition, if it happens, will not happen overnight. The Rio Reset could mark a pivotal moment. So learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands, tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 Today.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school As usual.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


Let's talk about Kohlberg Brian Kohlberg because the shit hit the fan in that case after that Dateline episode. So we talked about the Dateline episode on this show after it hit, which was two weeks ago now. And they had all sorts of amazing scoops. And I mean I I've told the audience, which just to let you guys know, it's fine to like Dateline you, you cannot watch the Today Show. I forbid it you cannot both watch the Today Show and this show. But, but you're allowed to like Dateline 'cause those are good people. And they got amazing scoops. Amazing scoops, including videotape of his, well, well of a white Hyundai Elantra on the night of the murders of those four Idaho college students.


Brian Kohlberg, who was getting his PhD at nearby Washington State University as the suspect and had a white Hyundai Elantra. And the, You know, the belief is that the prosecution will argue that's his, but Dateline got the tapes of the white Hyundai Elantra going past their house like over and over and over. It looks like he was casing the joint just moments before the murders were committed. It one could presume he was waiting for all the lights to be turned off 'cause it was like in the 3:00 AM hour. But these are college students so they're out late and the lights were on and we believe at least two of them were still up even when he entered the house. Anyway, they got, hold on, there's so much more. I'm just gonna give you a couple of lists.


Standby search, Search history on the internet, looking up porn, looking up Search history. Look at that. Viva knows he checked, he had look up those same searches for research. Oh no, I I, the funny thing is, I I, You know, I didn't see the dateline, I don't watch TV anymore, but I read what they had. They've convinced me that he's guilty. And I say that cynically. Yes. Like they convinced me. 'cause it's a one-sided expose of leaked information and then the flip side, I I'm getting cynical. All right, so the dude's looking up porn add him to the list of 98% of men out there. He's looking up Ted Bundy, he's studying criminology at university. They have some footage of a vehicle that's that's getting there. But the, the, the, the, the, the the, I was gonna say the killer evidence, the, the best piece of evidence is that speck of DNA on a, on a knife holster.


That's all they got. Yes. With an evening of a struggle. That's all they got. The guy was shoving his trash into little plastic baggies to be disposed of in the neighbor's trash fell when the cops burst into his parents' home and raided it. Yeah, sure. There's a lot of, You know, and circumstantial evidence has put a lot of people in prison in the United States over the years and it will continue to do so. So you put all this together and it does paint a very damning picture. But here's my concern. If, if somebody violated the gag order, what if this judge says, okay, we're not gonna let the jury hear this because that's gonna be my remedy for violating that gag order. Yes, it could very well happen that because of this leak, somebody who's a a guilty murderer walks free.


That's exactly right. That's why we can hate Dateline. No, it's not the reporter's fault. It's the, it's whoever leaked. It's that person's fault. It's not up to Dateline to protect the integrity of the prosecution. It, we, we and the press have no obligation to do that. If we get a scoop and if somebody had given me the scoop, I would've run with it too. It's, it's up to the leaker to protect the investigation and there's far more that they revealed. And Ann Taylor, the name of his Brian Colbert defense lawyer is saying that she wants remedies. She wants, they say, she says the violations could warrant remedies more serious than delay because what's I, I kind of bury the lead.


She's, this has come up because she's pushed for a delay of the trial, which is set for this August and she's saying we can't do it. This is too much was revealed in too high profile a manner for us to a just run to trial. It's still in people's heads and it shouldn't be, the court ruled that it shouldn't be. The court put a gag order on this case including the evidence and there's a reason for that. He didn't wanna prejudice the defendant before trial. It's a death penalty case and yet somebody violated it so it would appear. And he is prejudiced. So we do not agree to this August trial. And you should, you should bounce it, she says to the judge and then she says that line in her motion saying, Viola, these violations could warrant remedies more serious than delay.


And that's teeing up what Phil just said, which is we, maybe the prosecution should not be allowed to use these things. Like if, if they find out that a law enforcement officer or somebody in the prosecution's office, my money would be on the, for, on the former. I just don't think the prosecution would do it. But I law enforcement is tend to be, they tend to be kind of leaky that you should punish the prosecution. Like don't let them introduce, for example, the videotape of the white Hyundai Elantra circling the murder house over and over and over in the hours immediately leading up to the murder. And here is not for nothing, but Keith Morrison on the new card car footage in that now problematic dateline that aired May 9th listen to SAT 33 Or is this just, yeah, is this a shot you guys or is this video?


This video obtained exclusively by Dateline shows a white car on King Road in Mosco Ito on November 13th, 2022 at the wheel. The state will allege was Brian Kohlberg making repeated passes near a house where minutes later four students were stabbed to death. Here's a little bit more on his internet searches, which we kind, we touched on just a bit, but here's a little bit more on his obsession with Ted Bundy. In late December, six weeks after the murders of Maddie Morgan, Kaylee Gonsalves, Zanna Crile and Ethan Chapin records show Kohlberg criminology student was again on his phone playing a clip from a YouTube program called Ted Bundy, the essence of a psychopath.


My name is Ted Bundy. Within 24 hours of that two selfies, Kohlberg dressed the same way Bundy is pictured on that program. Exactly, exactly the same. Very creepy. And on top of that, Dateline revealed we had heard this was possible before the Dateline episode. This is the first I know where it was confirmed by anybody. And it's about that K bar knife. Keep in mind for the listening audience, the murder was committed, they said with a K bar knife that they never found, but they did find a knife sheath that appears to match the murder weapon on site. That's what Veeva referenced. One spot of touch, DNA was recovered from the snap on that knife sheath that was ultimately matched directly to Brian Kohlberg.


But they never did find the murder weapon. But they revealed, again, we had heard that this may have been the case, but this is the first I heard it actually confirmed and reported that Kohl Berger went to buy another K bar knife on Amazon right after the murders. So 36 After the murders, investigators discovered a sheath from a K bar knife, apparently left by the killer in one of the victim's beds. DNA found on that sheath has been linked to Brian Kohlberg. Dateline was the first to report that Kohlberg bought a k bar a knife seven months before the murders. And now we've obtained records showing that after the murders, Kohlberg was back on Amazon looking at K bars.


He even clicked buy now and began the checkout process before exiting. Okay. And that was new information guys, because what had been reported earlier was that he may have gone on Amazon and was looking at, I think that was the term, was looking at K bar knives. But, and, and somebody defended him by saying, well, or he, he had reportedly said, or his lawyer had said, Amazon serves that stuff up to you, You know, like you don't control. And, and it might've been somebody even in his family account who was looking for knives. And now we hear from the dateline that he clicked like that he was gonna buy click to buy.


So like that's, he definitely got this from law enforcement guys who, Phil, who else would have this amount of detail and turned over evidence, gave him surveillance video. Well, my instinct is similar to yours. I I don't suspect it was any of the attorneys related to the prosecution team. Law enforcement, as you mentioned, does tend to be leakier as a general rule. Of course, we don't know until the investigation reveals who the leaker is in this case, but my money would be that it's somewhere in the sort of investigative team on the law enforcement side. But here's the problem. The judge is between a rock and a hard place because on the one hand, somebody clearly violated this gag order, and there's gotta be a penalty for that.


On the other hand, if the judge completely guts the prosecution's case and, and excludes all of this very, very powerful evidence, that remedy would be very extreme because it probably would lead to the acquittal of someone who killed probably four people. So the judge is not gonna wanna necessarily do that. So he's certainly not gonna, the judge is not gonna throw out the, the indictment. That's not gonna happen either. I think what's gonna happen is they're gonna find out who did this, and they're going to throw somebody in jail for contempt of court. And there may be other less severe things that are related directly to the prosecution's evidentiary presentation.


But if we had to guess I'm gonna say that they're not going to completely throw this evidence out of the ca out of the case. It can be used, but somebody's going to pay a price for this leak. They, they, somebody played with fire Veeva, because this is good evidence for the prosecution and know if it's somebody on team prosecute, whether it's cops or investigators or the DA's office, they're playing with fire. This is great stuff that you would never want excluded as the da. I think Dateline's playing with fire with this, I mean, You know, we refer to it as a leak. This isn't a leak. This is the whole thing. Like someone had access to the file and I questioned whether or not someone stole the file, forget whether or not it was leaked.


And, and Dateline camo Camo ca camo didn't steal the fight. He, he would, he would never Dateline running this three months before ju No, it's two months before jury selection. They have to know what they're gonna do to the trial on this. And I'm all for freedom of the press. If there's no but to that, I'm just saying after they've gone, after James O'Keefe, You know, pro, You know, investigated him for having accessed Ashley Biden's diary, You know, there's some serious questions as to whether or not journalists might have partaken in criminal activity in order to obtain this entire file and then make a one-sided expose on the eve of the trial. I think this case was one that had a change in jurisdiction as well because of how, yeah. Yes. So This is like, this is almost sabotage of the trial.


Maybe someone's got a crush on Kohlberg, You know, for those who study Ted Bundy, there's a bunch of people who fall in love with serial killers. But fire, I think Dateline is playing with fire by having published this 'cause this, this is the trial before the trial, Very, very attracted to a story that casts NBC in a bad light. But I have to defend them here. I I just think it's not their responsibility. If somebody gave me that evidence, I would 100% air it. It's a huge scoop. And it's not the journalist's job to look out for the integrity of the trial. That's the job of the people who have the access to the info. Now, I normally would've thought, Viva, that it was a family member. You know, like usually when there's leaks about something like this and 'cause the family's upset about the gag orders, the families are, or at least some of them are.


They, they think they should be able to talk about anything, but there's no way this is a family member. There's, they, they don't give the surveillance evidence and the search evidence, like in great detail with the exact quotes to the family members. And like the Ted Bundy photograph, it's identical, by the way, for listening audience. The one, the selfie he took of himself and the one that appeared in that Ted Bundy documentary he was watching on YouTube. It's like he styled it immediately after. That's him in his dark charcoal gray looks like sweatshirt. He looks so disturbing. I just, I can't get past how Scary this guy is. He looks, He looks like the grim reaper in this picture. Like literally he does. This is why it was so effective, because the evidence on the one hand, circumstantial, but also on the other hand, some of that evidence is damning, like, damn damning having bought the knife and then having bought another one after where he presumably disposed of the knife.


I mean, that is, that is pretty damning circumstantial evidence to have broadcast this on the eve of jury selection, knowing the nature of the case. It looks like something of overt sabotage or, You know, someone got the scoop and, okay, I like it. Just keep talking. I mean, yeah, it's just fine if I disagree, I the, I want the audience to go your way. I have to own my bias. Wait, I just wanna tell him a couple, a couple more of the things that were on there. The Dateline episode that resulted in this problem that he not only watched the Ted Bundy documentary, but You know, researched Ted Bundy, that he kept bikini pictures of students from the Idaho University of Idaho and Washington State on his phone.


I mean, I don't know, I don't think random. I'm, I'm just not sure. Like, it's not weird for a college age guy to have bikini photos of girls, I guess, but like, it's a little creepy when, You know, this guy had a lot of trouble with women, a lot of women who were in his class where he was a ta getting his PhD said he was a total misogynist, that he definitely had a problem with women. And yet he's on there with like little bikini photos with very large breasted women from his university and the neighboring unit. He said just he looks like a disgusting pervert. Okay, going on that in late September, 2022, the murder was in December, sorry, November, 2022. In September, he searched terms including sociopathic traits in college student, okay, it's not, not great.


And porn containing the keywords, drugged and sleeping, which is a particular kind of freaky porn where people get off on having sex with people who are incapacitated. In October, the very next month, this now, or one month before the murders, he searched can psychopaths behave pro socially. And the days following the murders he searched for University of Idaho murders. Well, so did everyone in the country virtually 'cause we wanted to know. So that's not as damning after the murders took that jarring creepy selfie inspired by the video of Ted Bundy and oh, the final one, he searched for the song after the, after the murders and the day before being arrested, he searched for the song Criminal by Britney Spears.


He wanted like the extra creepy, slowed down version. So it's all that plus the Hyundai Elantra tape plus the details about Ethan Chapin appearing to have been the last of the four targeted. And by the way, the sequence of the killings that was revealed by this Dateline episode, how they believe Madi Madie Mogan was the pri primary target. And he killed her first, then he did Kaylee, who was, this is an accusation, he denies all guilt, who was sleeping in the bed with her. Then went back down to the second floor where Ethan and Zanna al were still awake, that he killed Zanna. I, I believe they said he chased her down the hall and killed her in the bedroom. And then Ethan was asleep And he, they said he carved his lower legs with a blade.


All of that extraordinary fell and bran stinking new. You know what this looks like to me, is he, he's, he's maybe becoming maybe by design, maybe he wants to become the, You know, the next Ted Bundy because why else would he even consider buying another knife like that? Because is he trying to duplicate? Is he trying to do it again? That's what makes this whole thing so really, really frightening. It's obvious this man was disturbed. The evidence, if you could look at the individual parts, maybe the pictures of the college girls and bikinis, if you just had that in a vacuum, maybe it would not mean much.


But when you put all of it together, I think it really paints an overwhelming picture of a, a guilty person, a guilty mind, and quite frankly, a very, very disturbed, deranged mind. This is an individual who, in my opinion, knew what he was. He knew that he had psychiatric issues, he knew he had maybe sociopathic tendencies, And he was researching it and ultimately got to the point where he just felt like he was going to have to just act out on these things that may have been fantastical in his brain, but it became to the point where he just needed to go ahead and, and do it. And that's what's so Frighten ask, Is that there are people like that out there.


Lemme ask, as somebody who does criminal defense, it's very strange to me that in the same person you could have someone who is so, and I don't mean this in a kind way, but a, a factual way. So brilliant that he could commit a quadruple murder in 12 minutes without leaving behind one strand of his hair, any of his own skin, apart from that one dot on the knife sheath. I'm gonna get to that, that he didn't transfer blood that must have gotten on him out of the house into his car at all.


And they dissected that thing like a seventh grader with a frog in, in school when the frog was already dead. Anyway, they, they poured through that car, they ripped it apart, compartment by compartment, not not a speck of hair evidence, blood evidence, nothing back at his apartment. I mean, the meticulous planning he would've had to engage in to pull that off. And yet, if the prosecution's right, and this is our guy, it's the same guy who left behind the knife sheath with his DNA. So clearly he hadn't rubbed it down to the point where he, he got rid of that. The same guy who turned off his cell phone as he left the Washington state for the University of Idaho, just for those like four hours, he, it was, it was always on, You know, the nights before it didn't magically go off for four hour periods overnight.


Like some of us put it on airplane mode every night we go to bed. No, those patterns are not emerging. Like he, there was an anomaly where he turned off the phone just for the four hours of like, around the murder. He drove his own car. He didn't factor in neighboring, You know, surveillance cameras that would show his car circling over and over and over and over and over again. He didn't protect his am Amazon, Amazon search. He did it obviously under his own name. He didn't think that they could find this stuff. They could, they could find that he bought a k bar knife before and that he went to after, or that they would be able to find his searches after the fact. He, like, I don't quite understand how he can have that level of brilliance and carelessness in the same criminal.


Well, I, I don't believe that he was brilliant. I I think that the things that you just talked about showed mistakes that were honestly very amateurish. I mean, who doesn't know that everybody's got a ring camera and who doesn't know that law enforcement can't see everything that you do on your smartphone, including what you buy and look at on Amazon. So it, it's like he, he planned this to a point, but he, he was sloppy. He did not plan it as much as maybe the perfect criminal would need to have planned it. I think he was honestly not as smart as he thinks he is. He's not as smart as he would like to others to believe that he is. And he made foolish mistakes and these are the things that ultimately are gonna send him to prison for the rest of his life.


But one thing we can tell from all this is that he planned this, he put a lot of thought into it and that shows he's got an abandoned and a malignant heart, one that's not capable of being rehabilitated and there's nothing else that makes sense other than him, other than for him to never breathe free air again. This was a, this was a pre-planned premeditated, horrific killing snuffing out the lives of four young Americans who had everything in their future just waiting for them And he stole it from, Okay, well more as we get it on whether the judge does postpone the trial and or You know, God forbid worse, like deprives the prosecution of using some evidence.


I think she, I don't know if she'll be able to get to the bottom of who did it. You know, no one's gonna admit it. I think the people who leaked it would probably lie under oath too, if given a declaration or an affidavit, they're, they're not just gonna roll over. Go ahead Veeva. You wanted to say something? There's gonna be some paper trail there to the leak if it was a leak or to the theft. If it was a theft or someone left a briefcase and it was picked up. But, You know, just to the elements of, You know, him being super smart and ingenious or, or what was the word? Well, intelligent careless. Oh yeah, brilliant and careless. Brilliant and careless, You know, to the extent that he has been, I don't know if officially diagnosed as, as on the spectrum, he was, You know, described as being a very bizarre person. You can have his Lawyers say he is. Yeah. Well, and it makes a, it might make a little sense.


I'm not trying to write anything off in terms of mental conditions. It, it could explain the incredible insight or, You know, the, the, the preparation for certain things. And then in so much as he couldn't read social cues recklessness with respect to other, oh yeah. Like they're gonna search and know that you were on Amazon buying a knife if indeed this was your plan, maybe he thought he'll leave a, a signature if indeed he did it. I, the only question I have is given now what has been revealed of, of the extent of the fight at least chasing down the third victim. And apparently from what the report said, he sat in a chair and there was evidence of that there had been a struggle, You know, to the extent there's not one speck of DNA other than the speck on that sheath, which is also weird to have found at the crime scene to the extent that other DNA there anywhere in the car.


I mean, there's methodical cleaning and then there's impossible to explain levels of cleaning. So that's the, from the defense perspective where I, You know, I have my biggest question, how is it even conceivable that there was no DNA other than that speck on that knife? But, You know, someone can be extremely intelligent in certain respects and then absolutely clueless in others. I mean, I think that's what we clearly have here because someone committed those murders and it's not like they found some other guy's DNA all over those bedrooms And you know, now the defense is reportedly getting ready to argue that there were two spots of blood. They don't know whose blood it was and that tho those are our real killers, but, okay, well, I mean, we'll see what happens with that. I don I don't believe it, but anyway, okay, I wanna move on before we go to Balone and Lively, where there is an interesting update.


So B'S team subpoenaed Taylor Swift, they wanted Taylor Swift to, I guess produce documents and release her texts. At least those between Taylor and Blake Lively and Taylor's team objected, and then some other stuff happened, which I'm gonna get to, but the long and the short of it is back to Brian Friedman. He withdrew the subpoena for Taylor Swift and Taylor Swift's lawyers came out a spokesperson said, oh, we're pleased that B'S legal team has withdrawn their harassing subpoenas to Taylor Swift and her law firm.


We supported the efforts of Taylor's team to quash these inappropriate subpoenas directed to her counsel. And we will continue to stand up for any third party who was unjustly harassed or threatened in the process. Let's see, was that, oh, that was a spokesperson for Lively, forgive me. That was a spokes session for Blake Lively. Okay, now the interesting twist, however, comes from a daily mail report. The worm turns, the Daily Mail reports that the reason the subpoena was withdrawn is that Taylor Swift's own father, Scott Swift, reportedly went to Justin's team with the bombshell claim that Blake Lively threatened to leak his daughter's texts.


If Taylor Swift did not publicly support her, Scott Swift did not want his daughter Taylor to be dragged into this any further. And he voluntarily gave up this information as part of a deal that would include B'S team withdrawing their subpoena for Taylor, an insider alleged to the Daily mail on Friday. B'S lawyer still reading here from the Daily Mail, Brian Friedman may be alleged threat public in a court filing this month, claiming a source now believed to be Taylor Swift's father informed him that Blake Lively's lawyer brought the demand to Taylor Swift's law firm, meaning demanded to Taylor Swift's people that she needed to Support Blake Lively or see her texts revealed, brought Friedman also said the source said that Lively once requested that Taylor Swift delete all of her texts with lively Lively's attorney denied Friedman's allegation in a statement to the New York Post.


This is categorically false. We unequivocally deny all of these so-called allegations which are cowardly sourced, cowardly sourced to supposed anonymous sources. They're gonna have to work on their statements and completely untethered from reality. Okay, so that's, that's a very interesting story, Viva, and I gotta say very believable. Well, well I can say my, my wife is more interested in this story than I was and she was more up to speed with the Justin Baldoni thing. What's, what's very interesting look as having been a lawyer for 13 years civil, there's nothing, again, everybody thinks it's harassing to get a subpoena, but me thinks the lady doth protests too much, these harassing subpoenas and these cowardly deeds.


My goodness, the five months of email exchanges between Taylor Swift and Blake Lively could certainly be relevant to the machinations of the manufacturing of these sexual harassment allegations or the threats. You'd better defend me. I, You know, there's something I I read these things now, so now I know more than I ever wanted to know that. Hmm. Taylor Swift and Ryan Reynolds were the dragons of, of a, a Blake Lively, which means like her guard dogs that someone would say it's harassing Blake. Blake is the alii figure and Taylor's just a mere dragon who has to protect Blake and do what Blake tells her. Never seen any of things. I have no idea what those words mean, I just know what the relevancy, the context, the idea that it's nonsense.


Nobody likes getting a subpoena, but my goodness, the fact that they've already gotten the texts that are in the subpoena might lend a little bit more credence to the allegation or the accusation that there were demands made to delete these. What I just don't understand, and maybe both of you can explain it, the judge really came down hard on the lawyer threatening sanctions if they abuse of the judicial process again, which I thought was mildly uncalled for. 'cause I didn't think, I would think it was abusive in the first place to issue a subpoena. Just because it's Taylor Swift doesn't mean she doesn't get subpoenaed. Yeah, I agree. I'm not sure why the, the, the lawyer or the judge was so mad that piece of the story is US District Judge Louis Lipman granted Blake Lively's motion to strike the letter and I believe this is Brian Friedman's letter and supporting affidavit that speaks to some of these issues.


He said that they were improper and irrelevant to any issue before this court. Counsel is advised that future misuse of the court's docket may be met with sanctions. It transparently invites a press uproar by suggesting that Lively and her counsel attempted to extort a well-known celebrity. Well if that's what actually happened and I realize we don't know, then it, then it's fine then it then it may be relevant and it certainly makes me wanna see them even more if they're going through these links to try to hide them. Look, all I know is Taylor was subpoenaed and Brian Friedman withdrew the subpoena and appears to have cooperated here on the record suggesting that there's been correspondence between Blake Lively and Taylor Swift about possibly deleting all the text messages or making a public statement in support of Blake Lively, which Taylor Swift has not done Phil.


Well the reason that a lawyer would file something like a letter in the actual record And you know, the court's records in the case is because they want it to become public record. And so, at least to that extent I can kinda see where the judge is coming from. But look, there's only really two main reasons why you would ever withdraw a subpoena and viva's, right? No, nobody likes getting these things and just because you got one doesn't mean you've been harassed or anybody's, anybody's abusing anything. But there's two reasons I can think of. Two main reasons to withdraw a subpoena. One is you believe that a motion to quash might be successful and you don't want to have egg on your face.


That doesn't seem to be the case. These lawyers have not shied away from contentious litigation. So I, I doubt that would be the reason. So that we're left with the, the other reason is that they got what they needed or most of it through some other way. And of course now we know about Taylor Swift's father. So it all makes perfectly good sense to me now why this subpoena was withdrawn because they've clearly got what they want. Now whether or not any of that's actually going to be admissible in any trial, well that remains to be seen because pretrial subpoenas, this is all discovery. It doesn't have to lead to evidence that's directly admissible, but it can be in the search for evidence that would be admissible at a trial.


So the discovery rules are pretty broad. They have the right to go on something of a fishing expedition and I think they simply got the fish that they were seeking. He has not ruled, no one's ruled out deposing Taylor Swift and Veeva that could still be coming. Even if it's true that Taylor Swift's dad intervened here to spare her having to turn over all of her text messages. And I'm sure that would be embarrassing to Taylor Swift. Probably Taylor Swift doesn't want that either, right? Like this is some dispute between these other two. She probably wants no, no part in this. So maybe the dad is trying to save her that embarrassment. But in a litigation, if they get to this point where they need somebody to verify correspondence or that Blake Lively was allegedly putting a pressure campaign on her to either make a public statement and or to delete all their texts, he has every right to call her.


You're right, there's no exception to discovery rules because you're rich and famous. Well, especially if you got the text now, You know, some might say, well they need Taylor Swift to admit them as evidence, but they wouldn't if it's between Taylor Swift and Blake Lively, they've got Blake Lively there. So they, they, if they got the documentation that they wanted, they don't necessarily even have it admitted as evidence 'cause Blake Lively was the recipient and the interlocutor. Good point. And she as evidence, I think Good Point. Okay, so maybe the dad did save Taylor from having to be dragged in for a deposition and honestly I'm sure the, the dad, if he's trying to spare Taylor is, is looking at to make it worth Brian Friedman's while to move on from Taylor, like, here are all the texts.


Goodbye. Please leave us alone. Go ahead, Viva. Also, if, if it indeed is the case that she was asked to delete her text message, if you're gonna get Taylor Swift involved in destruction of evidence, I mean the dad might not like what's her face, Blake Lively Blake and yeah, Blake Taylor. Taylor might not like Blake Lively 'cause it's one thing to have, from what I understand, Blake Lively is not the innocent one in all of this and she might be the, the culprit. So if you have a bad woman who might have been using some form of blackmail over Taylor Swift or extortion caution, whatever, if she's asking Taylor to potentially delete evidence, my goodness the dad is doing what a good dad would do, protect his daughter. Way more to lose at this point than Blake Lively. Again, the lively team says none of this is true and the judge was unhappy about the letter that was submitted alleging it, but we'll see.


The proof will be in those text messages if Brian fried ha if Brian Friedman has them, we're gonna find out. So that's not gonna stay a mystery for very long. That case continues forward and is set for trial of in March of 2026. We'll see whether it ever makes it that far. Veeva. Phil, a pleasure gentlemen, thanks so much for being here. You very much Friend. It's my pleasure. Always happy to be with both of you guys. Ah, that's great to see you again Phil. You too, Veeva. Alright, we will be back tomorrow. We actually have more legal tomorrow because Alan Dershowitz is here. There's a lot to go over with him. The, his accuser in that whole Epstein thing died and they're like, they said she died by suicide.


Some of her family are saying, Hmm, we don't accept that. Anyway, I don't know that D has spoken to it, but we'll ask him about it and all the legal machinations around Trump right now, including his massive fight with Harvard. It's getting bigger by the day. We'll go deep tomorrow. See you then. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school As usual.