
Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans, up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online, small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval


Have you met All modern. All modern, brings you the best of modern furniture and decor. And from August 24th to September 3rd, they're celebrating Labor Day with up to 60% off. Update your space indoors and out with weather ready sofas, elevated dining sets and fresh decor, all on sale at all modern. And then get them delivered for free in days. You heard that? Right days. That's modern made simple. Shop up to 60% off during all modern's Labor Day Sale, August 24th through September 3rd at all modern.com.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Oh, we have so much to go over. An unbelievable day one at the Democratic National Convention. And by unbelievable, I mean we got to watch a final knife in the back to the man who we are told is still the leader of the free world. And according to the Democrats who saved democracy, and this is their thanks. Last month, the Democrats pushed Joe Biden right out of the Democratic nomination for a second term. Then they told us he would get a big celebration on night, one of the DNC, the prelude to his ascension to Mount Rushmore.


Instead. He didn't even make it into the prime primetime. It was bad enough. They had him booked to speak on Monday, which is where the sea stringers go. But they moved him. He got delayed right out of the primetime by a lot. In fact, so much so that his speech ended on day two of the convention. They did not put him up there until 1130 East Coast time. I guess they don't care if the people in Georgia hear him. The people in North Carolina hear him. The people in New York and DC who drive the news cycles hear him, okay, fine. It's your party.


It's not to mention it was way past the guy's preferred bedtime. I mean, we heard him himself on that call with the governors when he was trying to assure everybody he could do a second term saying, I really can't do things past 8:00 PM anymore. I'm gonna make sure I don't do that. And what do they do? They book him to start at 10 and they don't let him start speaking until 1130. Instead, we heard a long list of no names. Get up there trying to make their own. Who wanted to hear from Chris Coons? For the love of God, who gives a shit what he has to say. Put on Joe Biden. He's the sitting president. I like, I'm not his chief defender, but it's the least you could have done just to pay the guy his respect for a lifetime of service to the Democrat Party.


But no, they needed to put the final treads on Joe Biden's back. That's amazing. He got up there. There wasn't exactly a passing of the torch. He did say some nice things about Kamala. His proudest thing was to make her his vice president. And that, you know, he saved democracy. She's going to preserve it. But the fe the speech was mostly focused on his own lengthy political career. It was his swan song moment. And for most of it, he was shouting at us as dark. Brendan returned. You know, like there's the Bruce Wayne and then the Batman character. Only Batman is a lot cooler than dark Brandon.


Well, the, the darker version of Joe Biden was there for virtually the entire time railing against former President Trump and doing so with over and over and over again. Lies that have been debunked. Donald Trump said, and I quote, there are very fine people on both sides. My God, that's what he said. That is what he said and what he meant, oh, from his own chief of staff, the Fourstar General John Kelly, that Trump went in Europe, would not go to the grave sites in one of the, in France, the brave service members who gave their lives of this country.


He called them suckers and losers. Who in the hell does he think he is? Who does he think he is? He's promising a bloodbath if he loses in his words. I mean, like literally none of that is true. All of it's out of context. The find people on both sides. I mean, how many times does that need to be debunked, including by Snopes, which is the Democrats favorite fact checking machine. He keeps telling. He doesn't give a shit like the alternate realities according to Joe Biden. Where are all the, the excited fact checkers? Where are they? Come on, come on. You love to fact check everybody on the right. Do your business bloodbath.


He was talking about the economy and what was gonna happen in the auto industry if that was Trump talking, if Joe Biden got reelected. We know all this dictator on day one was said jokingly laughingly to Sean Hannity on camera about what he would do at the border. Kind of like what Joe Biden did with all of his executive orders, undoing Trump's border policy. This is so ridiculous. Okay? Despite evidence to the contrary, Joe Biden did want you to know he's really not angry about what was done to him at all. You see, I been the honor of my lifetime to serve as your president. I love the job, but I love my country more.


I love my country more. And all this talk about how I'm angry with all those people said I should step down. That's not true. Sure, Jan. And in perhaps the most stunning scene of the entire night, there was former speaker Nancy Pelosi, Brutus herself, waving a We Love Joe sign with the big smile, at least as far as the Botox would allow, like trying to look like she's his number one fan.


Wait till you, I mean, look at her front row. We Love, Joe We, Love Joe. We love, we love, it's like something out of a horror movie where the person's like, we love you. We love you as they stick the knife and, and turn it and turn it and you're dying. And she's like, we love you, but I love you. That's we What happened there? It, it was the whole humiliation made me uncomfortable. I gotta be honest. I tweeted something out last night to the effect of this, like watching a groom who was dumped on the morning of his wedding day, who then is forced to go to the wedding anyway and watch his bride marry someone else and cheer for it. That's how the whole thing made me feel.


He didn't want this. He didn't wanna be deposed from the nomination he had won. Legitimately. I get why it happened. But he didn't want it. He had to show up. He had to say nice things about Kamala. He did that. But they kept grandpa in a green room for hours, 81 years old, well past Matlock tapioca time, and then forced him to go out there at 1130 East Coast time, which is his time. He lives in DC and Delaware and do this speech. No wonder he was angry. President Biden now begins a week long tour to support Kamala Harrison. No, no. He's being shipped off on vacation. Vacation from what? He's literally been sitting in Rehoboth, Delaware for weeks doing nothing.


We read you the real clear politics rundown of his schedule in August. He's been doing nothing every day. P Vice President Biden's schedule, nothing like one phone call, one ceremonial appearance. So now he needs a vacation from all that. Who is president? Who is commander in chief. He's going to California. He's gonna enjoy the beautiful sunsets seashores. His party moves forward though, with the coronation of Vice President Kamala Harris. And that's just the start of what we witnessed last night. I got a lot of thoughts. And so do the fellas. They're here from the ruthless program. Josh, Holmes, Michael Duncan, John Ashbrook, and the man known to his minions as comfortably smug in these crazy times.


There's peace of mind, insecurity, security for our country, our leaders, and our families. But think about this. Are you financially secure? If all of your eggs are in one financial basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings as a hedge against inflation. They're a physical asset that's in very high demand globally. And through Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver, an tax sheltered retirement account. Yes, you can diversify an old IRA or 401k for no money out of pocket into an IRA in gold and silver text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free no obligation info kit and learn the role precious metals could play in your overall saving strategy. Again, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Birch Gold has an a plus rating with a better business bureau for a reason and thousands of happy customers. Just text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 If. you wanna check it out? See what your options are, message and data rates may apply.


I'm so happy you guys are here. What a rundown. Yeah, I mean, I think that was a pretty good analysis of what had happened. They're so nasty. The and just as they had me feeling sorry for Joe Biden, he got up there and told all those lies and I was like, eh, he deserved it. What did you guys think of last night? Yeah, well, I mean, look, I particularly liked your jilted groom analogy. That was pretty good. I've always kind of wanted to go to a wedding where somebody doesn't show up and you have to look around at the crowd and see how they take it. I mean, this is what Democrats basically did to him. They just rag all them in public. I mean, Monday, Monday Republicans put the Teamsters guy, they didn't want the rest of the party to hear on Monday night.


At least they had the common decency to do it within the confines of the hours that people still watch television. They didn't even do that to Joe Biden. You know, I mean, with any other sitting president, you would imagine that you are introducing the new nominee, right? I mean, if not for Joe Biden, Kamala Harris wouldn't be within a country mile of a Democratic nomination for president. And yet Monday night, late night, and also was there no editors on that speech. The thing was like, what, 45 minutes or something like that? Exactly. On and on and on in, in the, the Jilted Groom is a very good analogy. Another one that comes to mind, I don't know if you've ever saw that old movie Best In Show by Christopher Guest, of course, but there's a, there's a vignette toward the beginning of it where there's this lady who's taken a tycoon, this old tycoon for all he's worth.


And she's sitting next to him and she's like, people say he's so much older than me, but really I just can't keep him off of me. And the whole time she's just taking his money and the guy can't even talk and he's just sitting there. Jennifer Coolidge, this is, this is what Democrats are doing to their president. It's a, a really pathetic swan song to a long political career. Shuffled to midnight, the first first night of the debate, standing on that stage, on that stage and saying democracy won. Sitting on that stage as the person who won all the votes in the primary and, and talking about how we're gonna anoint Kamala Harris who won zero votes. How is that democracy winning?


It is incredible. And Duncan also also honesty matters. He actually said honesty matters. Right before he said he's guy, he said, there're fine people on both sides. That's run for president. I would also point out that he said the people outside have a point. Oh yeah, the Hamas protestor and no way he actually said both sides. We have that, hold on, let's play that, let's play that. 'cause he had his own both sides moment last night talking about those pro-Palestinian pro Hamas protestors. Watch it. Those pro those protestors out in the street. They have a point a lot of innocent people are being killed. And both sides, He literally unscripted said both sides.


He ad-libbed that, like he said, both sides about the pro Hamas people who are out there saying, get yourself beaten up by the cops for your back to school outfit. Smuggles, what's your take? Well, I mean, I think everyone is saying that it was kind of like a failed night. One. I think it was a tremendous success. This was Nancy Pelosi's humiliation ritual. She wanted to spike the football. And like, even when she was getting interviewed by some reporters, she was like, I've got no problems with Joe. It was just his campaign. I had some issues with like, she's putting in everyone's face that she ended this guy's career. So she absolutely, you know, got what she wanted out of that.


She had him shuffled onto stage at 1130 to admit defeat. And in and so many ways he admitted defeat when he was angry and shouting about Donald Trump. The only thing that came to mind for me was, wow, he's mad at a guy who so thoroughly beat him. He surrendered and dropped out. Yeah, he seemed small on that stage because he couldn't cut it. He couldn't make it to, to face Donald Trump. He had to throw in the towel. Well, yeah. It also proves that the Democrats know he's a political vulnerability. They don't want Kamala Harris associated with him in inside a country mile. Right. You know, the, the more she's associated as the current vice president and not this change agent with all these new positions, the worse her electoral prospects are.


Yeah. It was also just a hilarious what a fictional betrayal all of this was. Yeah, right. I mean, it started at the very beginning and then it was like a cavalcade of, of ridiculous has been politicians, which If you look at the lineup four days of that, you know, but like, you get Maxine Waters up on stage. Oh my God. Yeah. Like are you talking? Oh yeah. Lot of hope for the future with that situation. Right? I mean, If, you could choreograph if you're gonna choreograph, choreograph something for hope and change. That ain't it. That ain't it. Well, what about, I mean, there was the, the one, there were two touching moments, and I'll get to them. 'cause I, I do, whether it's Democrat or Republican, like the moments that make me feel something.


And there was the one moment where Joe Biden came on stage after his daughter Ashley had introduced him and they embraced just like by the arms and spoke to each other and he cried. And that just is like a human, you're like, oh, that's sweet. But then he gets up there and starts spewing all this nastiness. You're like, oh, okay. Not sweet. But I was still reeling from her remarks. 'cause she gets up there and of course you guys know we've covered it here on the MK show. She's the one who wrote this diary in which she said she, she took inappropriate showers with him when she was a girl that she said they're probably not appropriate. So she gets up there and she began her remarks as follows, I have this memory.


I was eight years old. We're Like, oh no, she's gonna do it. Oh no, my God, she's going to do it. Oh my God, Every muscle tensed up. I was like, oh no, Ashley, this is not the time. That was one moment. I'll get to the other nice moment in a minute. But here's, here's the other thing. It was like, it was a parade of like fakes, phonies and falsehoods. Now, we talked about some of the falsehoods with Joe Biden that just like litany of lies that she, he just keeps telling and he can get away with. But the weirdness of like the presenters and the lies that they were telling and that, and just like the, you've gotta be effing kidding me, moments that I had watching them.


I mean, I sat and I watched that whole damn thing from 8:00 PM forward. I was exhausted. And there is this woman, I've never confess seen this person before. Mallory Mrow, Michigan State Senator. No, it's this Person before, was that the lizard tongue lady? That Was lizard tongue. Alright, so first of all, I don't understand why she borrowed my wardrobe from my moot court outfit in 1993, but she definitely did. That is a murder. It's a murder, okay. But she was doing the weirdest stuff with her tongue. And worse than any of that was the cluelessness of her warnings to Democrats about what Donald Trump might do if he became president again.


Listen, Donald Trump would be able to weaponize the Department of Justice to go after his political opponents. He could even turn the FBI into his own personal police force. That is not how it works in America. That's how it works in dictatorships. Oh, gosh. So we're in a dictator, guys. Hello Pot. He Might, he might even take kettle a a, he might even take a misdemeanor and turn it into 40 felonies and charge it in New York, or, Or send his, send his FBI down to your home and rate it and then parade out the evidence for a photo op that is not representative of what they found.


That kind of making the FBI your own personal agent, Mallory, and I'm sorry you can't see the whole outfit, but she was wearing dark, dark tights with inappropriate shoes under her dark dresses, inappropriate Shoes. I, you know what? Here, my favorite thing about Dem conventions and this, it kind of started with like Mario Cuomo, it was maybe before that, but my earliest memory was like Mario Cuomo and then clearly Barack Obama in 2004. There, there's always this person who nobody's heard of, who attempts to sort of capture something that they have absolutely no business capturing. Yeah. Like the, the, the talent of like Cuomo and the, and the, that convention or Obama and, and oh four, it was obvious and it vaulted them to national stardom and eventually two terms as president for Obama.


But like this lady, you know, for a fact spent the last month thinking like, all right, I'm really gonna lean into this because this is my mouth. Like I too could be president if I just go out and just slam it. That's, that's become, so I, I think that's a huge problem is that especially after the Barack Obama 2004 moment, you have all these back benchers who are like, it could be me. Yeah, I could beat that guy. Yeah. I go up there, I give a great speech and the next day I'm gonna be president and it's not the case. So true. Wait, so here, Let's, let's look at the lizard talk. We need to show the audience what we're talking about, because I think Mallory had a case of the dry mouth. That's my Mallory. There there's medication that can help you with that.


You don't have to live like this. Save yourself also just rub. Just rub. Just Rubio a water or something. Save us for this thing. Yeah. Yikes. Okay. But on your point guys, about wannabe stars, that leads me to a OC. Hmm. Okay. It was a, it, when I saw people on the internet praising her last night, even Republicans, some Republicans like, oh, I was a great speech. I thought, have you never actually seen an effective female public speaker? Like they think they mistake energy or like enthusiasm for effectiveness. I mean, anyone could get up there and shout at you, shake a shout at you.


It doesn't make you a good public speaker. It, it was like an assault. It was right. Don't you feel assaulted by what I just did? That's how I felt listening to her. So I have a whole theory on, on her, and I'm gonna walk you through my theory and now I want your take now. Okay, I hear, so I'm gonna start with what I think she was going for a OC, which this is what she was going for. SM just made a reference to it. And it has to do with then regular Barack Obama before he ran for president in 2004 at the DNC. This is what made him a star. This moment I say to them Tonight, there is not a liberal America and a conservative America.


There is the United States of America. There is not a black America and a white America and Latino America and Asian America. There's the United States of America, the pundits. The pundits like to slice and dice our country into red states and blue states. Red states for Republicans, blue states for Democrats. But I've got news for them too. We worship an awesome God in the blue states and we don't like federal agents poking around in our libraries and the red states. Okay? He, he would be canceled for saying that today. Yeah, you would get booed off the stage if he said that the, the convention, their convention today has these diversified groups meeting all day.


The L-G-B-T-Q caucus and the black caucus and the Hispanic caucus and the, there's not a white caucus. But anyway, okay, so that's, that's Barack Obama, who's then an Illinois state senator in 2004, made himself a star. That's what a OC was going for. That's what they all go for. They fail. There's only one Barack Obama. There will never be another Barack Obama. I'm sorry. Find your own style. You're not good at imitation. Here was AOCs attempt and pay particular attention to the fake accent that comes in toward the end In Kamala Harris. We have a chance to elect a president who is for the middle class because she is from the middle class. And I for one and tired about, of hearing about how a two bit union buster thinks of himself as more of a patriot than the woman who fights every single day to working people out Boots tore on Our way of life.


Ever since I Got elected, republicans have attacked me by saying that I should go back to bartending. But let me tell you, I'm happy to any day of the week because there is nothing wrong with working for a living. Cool. Get me a skinny margarita. That's what she was going for. She was going for Barack Obama. But this is what she reminded me of. I mean, entirely. I I give you e Larry Baldwin. I want you guys to realize that we have seven kids.


Oh no. And you being here to escort them to school and to be there when they come home is not good. So this one is not Spanish level. You guys know I'm not gonna say anything to you. You know that. So please leave my family in peace and let this all play out. Okay? So let my kids come home and you stay away from them because they asked me, mommy, what? Like, what are these people Doing? And it's very funny. So please go home Because I'm not gonna say anything. And Alec is not gonna say anything.


She's like, for what? How you say cucumber? And there was a, this is my final soundbite in this little riff. So she was a cross between Aria who went to a fancy boarding school in either Boston or Rhode Island and isn't Spanish at all. And also this guy, you may remember him from World War II as the leader of Italy. Oh my God. Megan's breaking out the 50.


This is hot fire today. Wow. Agree or disagree? Well, I'm conflicted about A OCI agree. I agree with what you were saying, but I'm conflicted about sort of who she is and how, I don't think there's anybody who better captures the ethos of today's Democratic party than a OC. I mean, we may think it's absolutely ridiculous, but that is entirely consistent with everything that you see from the very top to the very bottom, from the center left to the progressive left. I mean, everything is captured by who a OC is. And I think this convention is actually a part of that.


Right? There's no real attempt to explain to the center of the electorate why it is that everything is sucked so bad under Joe Biden. It's basically inventing a new reality, throwing some yelling at you, telling you you're gonna fight for stuff. And then just kind of expecting people to get in line behind somebody who's never gotten a single primary vote. Right? There's no incentive for them to correct because If, you followed Twitter last night. The media was just globbing all over her. They were saying how great she was. And this is the best speech ever. So why would they ever course correct? 'cause the feedback loop they get is just nothing but positive. Well, and she, she was sort of alluding to this dignity of work, which like I think is central to the American ethos is isn't really a Democrat thing or a Republican thing.


But instead of doing that thing and that thing alone, which everybody agrees with, she's like working under the boot of greed. And it's like, well, when did this become a clash struggle? This is a struggle session now because you work hard. And that's the thing. So I, I picked up on that and I also agree with what Holmes said of how emblematic that a OC is of the party because she's a fraud, right? Yeah. This is someone who grew up in one of the most expensive parts of New York, right. Saying that, oh, we're gonna fight back against the boot of greed because she's just paying lip service. Yeah. To that stupid socialist foot soldiers that they need out there to be a threat that, Hey, listen, If, you don't vote our way.


There's a reason that businesses get boarded up on election day. You know, she's completely been absorbed by the party establishment In her short time of getting elected, winning that primary, she's now been brought into, okay, you can give a convention speech. And, and she's mad that she gets chased down by these Gaza protestors when she's trying to watch a movie at the theater. She's like, I'm watching a movie at the theater. Can't you save your genocide? Talk for some mother? It's not, yeah. She's no longer some kind of like a grassroots Fighter. She, Sandy from Westchester. That's exactly a LC is Sandy from Westchester. Now she's suddenly like Latino, sandy speak Brother Bronx. Like you're so fake. That entire party is a frt. And like when they talk about yes, how they're going to help working people, they're the ones who have put the boots on the working class' neck with the way inflation has gone up over the four years.


It's a huge frt. Is that like a Rosy Perez sort of thing you're doing there? The white men can't jump, white men can't jump out. I mean, it sort of sounded Like that, that that is what I hear her doing. I am imitating for that is really good. Imitating a Spanish person. Oh Yeah, that's really good. That's my, my Spanish imitation of her Spanish. And by the way, speaking of which now they've been doing like the parade of celebrities there and it is it tonight that Anna Navarro is their celebrity? Oh my God. Oh my god. We got to the celebrity now. Somehow they are Fresh. I'm sorry, but that's like the kind of celebrity you'd find at a Republican National Convention where they can't find it. I don't know. We had m Kelly walking around. That's pretty good. National committee. That's a pretty big celebrity. So wait, you raise a very good point about the class warfare.


All right, so, and they're all fakers, right? So Sandy from Westchester is Naza, I'm not Dino from not Bronx. And also her being like Kamala Harris, she understands middle class. 'cause she is from the middle class. So Kamala Harris's dad was a professor at Stanford. Her mom had a PhD from Berkeley. So she may have grown up in a duplex because the mom wasn't rich and they got a divorce young. But that doesn't make her some sort of middle class champion. She's been making hundreds of thousands of dollars on the taxpayer dime ever since she got out of school. So I hate the rewrite. Like she's actually not some poor pull herself up by the bootstraps.


It's like, you know, how many actual working class people would love to have had parents double PhDs, a respected, you know, PhD scientist and professor at Stanford. And she still gets to run around and say like, I'm just like you. Okay, so they're, they're fake. And then you get this attack on somebody who actually is not middle class working class. I mean, he was poor, his family was poor, his mamaw did a little better, but his mom was a drug addict. JD V I'm speaking of who really couldn't hold down a job. He had no father whatsoever in the picture and this, and yet he pulled himself up. He pulled himself up by, by going to the military, doing his service honorably, and then coming back and crushing it at Ohio State.


And then he parlayed that into Yale Law School. And here are the Democrats, I'll give you Ohio Representative Beatty speaking about the JD Vance story Left. Now JD Vance likes to talk about how he's from Ohio, but as soon as he could, he ran away to Yale in Silicon Valley co in up with billionaires while trashing our communities. Unbelievable lives in Cincinnati, Steve, Ohio To go to Yale. What it is, it is very, very funny for Joyce Beatty of all people to be calling JD Vance, some sort of elitist when she was appointed to her husband's state reps in Ohio.


She's been a professional. Is that what I haven't heard politician for 40 years. Yeah, that's exactly right. When JD Vance was deploying to Iraq and then comes back, goes to Ohio State and parlays that into Yale, she had her entire career handed to her by her husband. So it's absolutely incredible for her of all people to call him the elitist. And that's the thing is, is the absolute hypocrisy and just moral bankruptcy of these people that's being put on display when you have Kamala Harris being like, you know, she's, she brought herself up as a champion of the middle class for nothing. Yeah. Every job she's ever had, she was appointed to, and every single one of those jobs was a government job being paid for by taxpayers. I don't think people realize this.


When you look at the who's on on the ticket. You've got Tim Balls, who's been on a government job his entire lifetime, Kamala Harris, who has never worked in the private sector either. And then you've got JD Vance and Donald Trump. Like, how are you going to say that? You know what? I'm gonna help you hardworking folks out there when you've never had to have a real job, but you, you know, you're not gonna lose a government job. Well, and I, I never heard this complaint about, I don't know Barack Obama leaving Chicago community organizing to go to Harvard. He left or behind was he leaving Chicago behind Yeah's amazing, amazing of the billionaires is, okay, Like I, I met JD Vance in 17 when he was, I don't know, I guess 34.


And he had gone to law school and he might have even been younger, whatever that was. Well, let's do the math now. It's 24. So seven, so seven years ago, so he was 30, 33. He had gone to Yale Law, he had done the Ohio State into Yale Law School, and then he went out to Silicon Valley for I think five years, made some money, decided it wasn't for him. He told me personally, he couldn't handle San Francisco. People were defecating on the street. He was like, I I I'm outta here. And so he left all that money. He left a very well paying job with Peter Thiel and came back home to Ohio and was starting a foundation for his fellow Ohioans trying to help them improve their lives.


That's what he was doing. I found him at 17. It would take a few more years before he would even run for office. So in to the contrary, he left a high paying job to come home to Ohio to figure out what he could do for them. And ultimately he ran for office there to try to do that for them. But this is not a one-off from this representative Beatty, Tim Waltz, that what a jerk has said the same thing. Listen to him. They're running for Heman Women Haters Club or something that, that angst that JD Vance talks about in Hillbilly Elegy. None of my hillbilly cousins went to Yale and none of them went on to be adventure capitalists or whatever. It, it's not who people really are. Well, maybe they were dumb.


I don't know anything about his hillbilly relatives. What, How Are we supposed to make a judgment Based on that? How are we supposed to know He actually has hillbilly relatives? I mean, this guy has told lies about absolutely everything under the sun. Newest this morning in the New York Times. Apparently he said that he and his wife had IVF and yes, that wasn't true. Did you see this? Yeah, that was line Times In addition to him saying that he was N rockney and led the team to the national change and he was actually just a defensive coordinator and then he was in battle. Like volunteer. Yeah. Like just tell the truth and you know, just say I coach, I was one of the coaches on the team. My wife and I did this. You know, like why do they have to exaggerate on absolutely everything?


The guy honest? No, they made Him into Craig t Nelson in that TV series. Exactly. You know, or Coach T and Friday Night Lights. No, he's like an assistant volunteer expendable coach on the team. Right. And the IVF thing, it really is amazing. Tomorrow we're having on Liz Collin of Alpha News, who's been doing great reporting on Tim Walls for a long time. But, but yes, that's one of the stories we're gonna get into because he's, we have tape of him on camera saying we conceived our children through IVF, which JD Vance wants to ban. JD Vance doesn't wanna ban IVF, that's a lie. But his wife Gwen came out and admitted that they conceived their children through intrauterine insemination, which is not IVF.


It's basically where they in insert the man's semen directly into you with like a Turkey baster. It's not where a child is conceived, sorry, in a Petri dish outside of either parent. Now that's the latter. And I, I use the latter so I can speak to this. It's more controversial because then what do you do with the excess embryos? Right? Like that's, that's why people find IVF controversial. There's no such problem with intrauterine insemination. It's, it's just a different means of delivering the sperm versus the one we all normally use Anyway, This is not on my bingo card.


Megan's saying Turkey baster, I'm just gonna get outta the task and let you all figure it out for a while. It got It got geo graphic. I'm sorry, I didn't mean for it to anyway. He lied. It's another, yeah, it's just another lie. He didn't use IVF. It's the guy every day there's a new lie from him. Yeah. And I understand he was introduced with again, the wrong title yesterday. Oh yeah. When he was speaking at the company. It's, yes. I mean, oh, we have it, we have that. Listen to this smug here he is. They, oh, we don't have it. We don't have it, but we'll have it. But every he they know he, he shouldn't be called Command Sergeant major. He never actually earned it. It was a temporary title that he didn't train for. Go ahead, mark.


And that's why I feel fact checks aren't effective is because we already know that they have complete control over the media. Yeah. And that the media, they have say, oh, you know, the, the truth is important. Democracy dies in darkness and they'll, like, it was hilarious that c-span even put across the top, we are not, or or, or saying like, we are not life checking these statements because it's a Democrat convention. Don't you know this People like, at, at the same time the Democrats are alive to run rough shots, say whatever lies they want. Which is why I think the focal point needs to not be on trying to fight facts with facts and just focus on fighting fire with fire. The American people are in a position where they're fed up with the way things are going. And if we're not careful, the Democrats are gonna try to steal that.


This is a change election from under us because the di the vast majority of the public wants a new direction of, from the horrible way things have been going for these past few years. And Kamal Harris is trying to run away from her part in making that happen. And, and instead of worrying about like, well, you know what, this is a lie. Just hammer that message down. Yeah. But like, you've seen what these people are capable of. They're liars and they're horrible people. This is what we can do different and this is what we have done differently. I I think that's really well said. Smog. You know, I, one of the things I find so fascinating about democratic national conventions and things like that is it you get a window into the information silo that makes up the liberal part of this country and it's a wild place. I mean, it is almost everything that came out of anyone's mouth for God, what felt like 24 hours last night was just made up.


Right? I mean, it's just not at all what's happening in this country. And, and to your point that you just made smile, I mean, they wanna act as though what's happening here at this convention is somehow divorced from the reality of a Biden administration in which she was the number two. Yep. And everything's going shitty and and they just wanna pretend like, I mean there was, there were comments about like, well he's lie Trump's lying to you about the border. The border. They basically did the border secure thing again. Yeah, yeah. You know, and they're talking about the economy, they're talking about all these things. Like none of it is true. Yeah. You expect a little hyperbole in a political convention, but there also has to be just a touch of under undergirding fact. But If, you didn't know any better.


You would think Donald Trump's the current president. Yeah. Yeah. That's the sort of election they're trying to run right now. And I mean, to s smoke's point, we can't lose the fact that this election needs to be a referendum on the last four years of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. We cannot have this be a choice election. Yeah. Where she's allowed to reinvent herself and pretend like she didn't have all those crazy positions in 2019. You've got Kamala Harris who's done nothing but fail upward. You know, she, she has been elected to office, but only in blue, blue areas. California first da then Attorney General, then as California senator, and then she got elevated to the vice presidency because he promised James Clyburn he'd find a black woman.


And so she got elevated there and she is not the only one who we saw on the stage last night who was an obvious DEI hire. That leads me to Kathy Hoel, who's another absolute moron. She is sadly the governor of the state that I spent 50 years of my life in. It's really sad. And she got there because Andrew Cuomo imploded and she was lieutenant governor and amazingly they reelected her. I mean it, they reelected her. Wow. And I think, you know, watching her last night, it's because of just her soaring rhetoric, her ability to turn a phrase and just provide huge doses of inspo without much effort like this one. Watch New York's motto.


Is Excelsior ever upward? Oh my God. And Trump takes us ever downward. It's just, that's how you know you completely disrespect your voter base and just hold them in absolute content. Is that like Trump bad? Everyone claps? Yes. I can understand that charisma of roadkill. Yeah. You know, I mean, Hurts horrible and she's not even the worst. Like she was Lieutenant Governor, look at the Lieutenant Governor in Minnesota. She's given Holl a run for her money. This one's named Peggy Flanagan. My name in the Ojibwe language is Ji, or in English speaks with a clear and loud voice woman.


I'm a member of the White Earth nation and my family is the Wolf clan. And the role of our clan is to ensure that we never leave anyone behind. That's why I am supporting Kamala Harris and Tim Walls to be the next president and vice president of the United States. I work side by side with Governor Walls. I've seen how hard he's worked to Minnesota for Minnesota to be the best place for kids to grow up. He does it all with a big heart, a buffalo plaid jacket and a bottomless bag of snacks, Nutter butters, cheese curds, and Diet Dew.


Your tribe doesn't leave anybody behind unless you're an 82-year-old incumbent president with Case very much behind. Well, I, I really appreciate that breakdown of, you know, her Native American family's history from Peggy Flanagan. Yeah. Peggy Flanagan. I You got a feel for those tribes. You know, she probably came in, they're like, are Oh, liberal lady, you're so loud. We will just give you a name. We'll give you a name if you'll go away, please go away. You can have a fancy name. Here's your, take your chardonnay and move off the reservation. Peggy, just look at, look at the, look at the lineup of Democrat speakers.


It's all their elite bureaucrats. Yes. It's the contrast between what Democrats are putting forward in primetime and what Republicans put forward, which was gold star mothers and small business owners and family members of Hamas hostages. Yeah. There were regular real people in primetime for Republicans. I think it shows you a, a a huge contrast in the values of each party in this election. Also, I think you touched on something really important that I've been thinking about ever since Megan, you mentioned that like, who is president right now and I think the Democrats have this country exactly where they've always wanted it. Is that it doesn't matter who's in leadership or who's, you know, quote calling the shots.


They've created these layers and layers of bureaucracy to just keep their machine rolling. They can even have a change of presidency. Like Trump came in as president and there were still layers and layers of this bureaucracy that can keep the work going, that can keep the money flowing to the various pet projects that they can spend $50 billion to build seven charge stations, that they can spend $40 billion and not get a single wireless internet station in the ground. This is what they're after is the machine to dole out to keep this game going and they, they want to protect it. The lizard lady with the bad clothes that was talking about, one of the things she, she said, I don't know If you guys caught this, but she was like, Donald Trump might fire federal employees.


Yeah. She was horrified. How Sick can we get him in there? Yeah. I I I will tell you, okay, this is my one other nice moment of the night. I'm gonna say something nice. You know who actually I wound up liking. I like, I like our politics are different and she was, she hates Trump, but I liked this woman Jasmine Crockett. I actually, I've only seen her being kind of a shit stir on Capitol Hill and that's fine, that's what they kind of do. But she told a nice story about Kamala. I was like, this is what they should be doing. Get up there, try to rehabilitate this woman who we know is a bully from, we know this from the, the Washington Post and other mainstream media outlets that have been reporting on it.


When she was not yet the nominee, she was still just the lowly vice president. So they felt fine taking shots at her, but we need stories like that. Right. If her, her party needs that. If they want her to get elected. So Jasmine Crockett got up there and at first I was like, how did this, nobody get a speaking rule at the convention? And then I was like, you know what, she's winning me over because she told a nice story. She talked about how she was a public defender and so she knows a good prosecutor when she sees her. That was good. You know, she laid the foundation 20 years. She'd been doing that before she ran for Congress. And then she told this story When I visited the Vice president's residents for the first time, as I approached Vice President Harris for our official photo, she turned to me and asked What's wrong?


Mind you, we'd never met. But she saw right through me. She saw the distress. I immediately began crying and the most powerful woman in the world wipe my ears and listen. That was sweet. I like that. Nice story. Good story.


Right? It was good. And I was just warm Up for her. Yeah. I'm just so cynical though. I'm just so cynical about this stuff. Okay, Standby. I was just warming up to her. And then she said this, The question before us is, will a vindictive vile villain violate voters' vision for a better America or not? I hear alliterations are back in style. Oh, Okay. Okay. I'll give her this. Go ahead. Go Holmes. She's got, she's got personality, right? Yeah. Which is more than you see outta most Democrats.


I don't really care for the wedding singer attire. Yeah, you it's not my Yeah, that wouldn't have it's lot of money. I wouldn't It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a lot. Yeah. But you know, I mean, look, I'm so cynical about this. If If you looking from Kamala Harris's point of view, what do they have? Like a five seat majority in the house. That lady takes a walk. They're gonna be real down. Like Republicans are gonna be able to pass things. I mean, she was first elected in 22 with a very slim Republican majority. She's losing a Democratic vote. They were in the midst of a speaker fight If, you remember where they still held out hopes that Hakeem Jeffries would actually be speaker because Republicans were self mating at that point. Like the idea that she's just sort of like personally drawn towards a stranger, I think is belled by the rest of her career.


So you are suggesting Josh Holmes that Kamala Harris's wiping of the tears was in, it was like shore up. Get in there and vote our way. That's exactly what I'm suggesting. I haven't known an authentic emotion from an elected Democrat in some 20 years of doing this. Right. I mean, it's just, it's all so bad. Yeah. And the Dr Seuss routine isn't bad. She's got a good personality. She's very entertaining. That's the thing. Like, I kind of don't mind, I expect them to just lie with impunity and that's what we got. Yeah. But at least If you're gonna lie to me. Make it entertaining. She made it entertain. So, You know, point. So what you're saying, I I'm interested in your guys taking that. What you're saying is that Kamala Harris in that moment was another version of the weirdly smiling Nancy Pelosi We Love Joe, yes.


Another version. Yeah, I think so. I mean, look, Nancy Pelosi is a perfect embodiment. It it, she's been at the top, so she said more scrutiny and so you can see into how she operates more clearly. But it's not unique and distinct to Nancy Pelosi. It's unique and distinct to the Democratic Party, to the point where If, you had any questions about that? Look what they did to the incumbent president of the United States eight weeks ago. Yeah. Right. They don't give a shit about anything other than holding onto power. Bingo. Whatever vestige of power that they have trying to drag this country as far left as they could possibly do it. They've caught the bus on a number of occasions and the only thing they can do is reinvent a further left place to take us.


Yeah, you're you're exactly right. When Chuck Kumer went for that private meeting with Joe Biden, it wasn't about how do we get your face on Mount Rushmore before this election? You know what I mean? And ruthless broke You make a great point. Ruth broke. Yeah, great. That's right. Thank you. Broke the news. Ruth, you beg Yeah. One of the few that us Right? That Was the beginning of the end. Yeah. So I mean, I just couldn't believe like Nancy Pelosi, she was up there. We have that soundbite of her on CNN talking about how, you know, it wasn't about him, it was about about his party. But she, but she admits like she's now admitting she did it. Here she is. And I know that there, it was very difficult for him. That's been made very clear by some of his top aide, like Anita Dunn and Ron Klein.


And there does seem to be, even though Anita Dunn said earlier today, quote, nobody wants to have a fight with Nancy Pelosi at this time. Unquote. It does seem like there's some residual bad blood or resentment. And I'm wondering if you've spoken to him and, and, and what your response is to that. Sometimes you just have to take a punch for the children And that's what you're doing right now. You're just gonna take the punch for the children. I can talk to him is my Only, I do what I have to do. Right. He made the decision for the country. My concern was not about the president, it was about his campaign. No, nobody is questioning the fact that, that the Democratic party seems much better positioned right now than it did four weeks and two days ago.


Just no question about that. Former Speaker Pelosi. So why are We even talking about it? I Ah, Then he said the network made a mask. That's exactly what Holmes said because it's only in service of the mission of holding onto power. She's like, so why even talk about it? Yeah. Why are we talking about anything? Yeah, but, and questioning my methods. That's the thing is and and and she's not admitting she did it. I it's like a threat. Yeah. Like people who think she's still not calling the shots. You think Hakeem Jeffries is calling the shots? Yeah. She's like, I just, I just killed a president in front of everybody. Yeah. Why are we, why are, why are we discussing if it was fair or honest or just Yeah. You know, to the voters they don't matter. No. All that matters is that she was Kamala's poll numbers went up.


Yeah. It was truly like a you need me on that wall kind of moment? Yeah. Yes, yes. Colonel Jessop, I do kind of respect and I res I respected that she's brazen enough to say she did it for the children. I know. Sort out of left field, but also, that's a wild thing to say. Sometimes you gotta take a punch for the children. This sounds like a horrible situation. No. Who's, who's trying to punch children? I, Democrat and, and all the way through the ninth month. Alright, Standby. We have much more to get to, including what appeared to be a reference to sexual gratification by the CNN panel as they watched events unfold last night.


Standby Ruthless stays with us.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December of 23, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian affordable visit GCU dot edu.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit. Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval


Have you met All modern. All modern, brings you the best of modern furniture and decor. And from August 24th to September 3rd, they're celebrating Labor Day with up to 60% off. Update your space indoors and out with weather ready sofas, elevated dining sets and fresh decor, all on sale at all modern. And then get them delivered for free in days. You heard that right Days. That's modern made simple shop up to 60% off during all modern's Labor Day Sale, August 24th through September 3rd at all modern.com.


So continuing with our theme of how fake, what we saw last night was, I give you now Jill Biden sought 10 Weeks ago when I saw him dig deep into his soul and decide to no longer seek reelection and endorse Kamala Harris. He dug deep guys. That's how it went down. Soul searched Also whenever they made that like, you know, transition from either when it was Joe spiking speaking and even when Jill was speaking over to Kamala, didn't she seem like small?


Like, you know, even among like the, the Nancy Pelosis and even the Maxine Waters. I, it just comes off as kamala's, just like not even close in terms of like the same level as these folks who've had experienced won elections. You know, it's like when they go back to her, it just kept, at least to me it was a shock of like, this is, this is really their presidential nominee. Yeah. They were like walking this line between passing the torch. Although that's bullshit in and of itself. It had to be ripped from his hands. He didn't want to pass the torch. I mean, we did like two months. That's the thing. Insisting that he could still do the job and that the polling said that he would win But. it, it got to the point that it was sort of patronizing of Kamala, you know, like the best decision I made in my whole political career, right?


Was this thing I telegraphed on day one that I'd nominate a black woman as vice president. It just happened to be this woman. That was my best decision, my entire political career. I mean, come on. I mean, that got a lot of really bad. Oh, that's, so To your point earlier about like the where are the real people, you know, with their real stories that what I saw that last night was the three women who have had abortions, who got up there to talk about abortion. And I have nothing but empathy for the third woman who talked about how she was raped by her stepfather. Her name is Hadley Duval. But where she took that horrific experience in her in the conclusion, like what her takeaway was on it politically was just dead wrong.


I mean, it was really wrong. Here's what she said. I can't imagine not having a choice. But today, that's the reality for many women and girls across the country because of Donald Trump's abortion bans. He calls it a beautiful thing. What is so beautiful about a child having to carry her parents' child? You don't have to look very far to hear Donald Trump's actual position on abortion and in particular, rape and incest exceptions.


Yeah. Listen, Yeah, Like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the exceptions. I am a person that believes, and frankly, I think it's important to believe in the exceptions. Some people you have have to follow your heart. Some people don't believe in that, but I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I think it's very important. Some people don't follow your heart, but you have to get elected also. Now, guys, that was not ancient history. That was at the June debate with Joe Biden. Where are the 10,000 fact checks of the misinformation that was given out from the DNC floor last night on a important and important piece of this contest?


People have been debating abortion at every debate. At every appearance. What, where does Trump stand? He's made perfectly clear, he's taken shit from the right for saying what he said there. And yet I, I'll wait for PolitiFact and the others to fact check. Yes. A sympathetic person who got up there and said very false things about Trump's position. Yeah, I mean, look, it's the worst kind of lie because it's wrapped up in a horrific, highly emotional story that you can immediately sort of sympathize with and, and identify with of, of a horrible choice that this young woman had to make. But, but even in the setup to ultimately the big lie that she had there, she's calling it Donald Trump's abortion ban.


Like, look, I understand that, that that a convention is not the place for nuance or that kind of thing. But I mean, we're talking about a Supreme Court decision that was decided. And, and through these things, back to a bunch of states of whom you elect your representatives and then they make the policy. The idea that Donald Trump is somehow presiding over abortion bans is entirely ridiculous. Even before you get to the point where his stated position since the time he came down the golden escalator was exceptions for rape, incest, or life of, and health of the mother. But there are no fact checks because the media is on their side. I mean, we say it over and over and over again, but it's true.


Like we talked about this Tim Walls IVF thing in the New York Times story about the Tim Walls IVF lie, they write, Tim people assumed that Tim Walls had an I baby through IVF. They didn't, they they didn't write like why? They assumed it. Tim Walls told people Yeah, he had a baby through IVF. They had a baby through IVF. They, there's, they don't fact check them. Like then the coach thing, Politico wrote a profile with artwork with like X's and O's in plays making him look like he was Eddie Robinson. The coach thing really riles up Ashbrook. He just really, oh yeah. He just, the coach, just like the, the little lies he tells over and over again that are like boosted by the media rather than like checked and beat down.


And I think there's a reason for that, Isn't It's more stolen valor. Yeah. Yeah. It's like Duncan said of they're trying to run against Donald Trump and not the horrors of living under the Biden Harris administration. So when they say that it's a Trump ban, they want you to think that, wow, these past four years have sucked. I guess it must have been because of Trump. Right? Somehow. And they have to lie about it because are they gonna be able to have a conventional where they're like, let's celebrate the price of groceries going up 50%. You're not getting rounds of applause with that. Kamala herself is trying to act like she wasn't a part of that, saying that like, groceries have gone up by 50%. Well, what are you gonna do about it when you were already there causing it?


You, you know, by, you need another Green New Deal. By Way, by way she's gonna use the F TC to right to right these very wrong grocery prices. You control them right now. Right now. Yeah. Like, like you're in the office. That's actually something. If that's your solution, why don't you just go get that done? But she doesn't, and she's banking on people not knowing any of that. One of the most outrageous moments last night. Truly one of the most, I mean 'cause they're joyful. They're joyful. They're the party about of uplift. And on the eve of Bill Clinton coming to the stage, right, because he comes not tonight, but tomorrow. So I guess two eves away. They have the nerve to run like an ad about law and order.


I referenced it in the intro and they borrow a little bit from the Dick Wolf show. And here is a bit of what they played In the criminal justice system. The people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups. The police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders. This is the story of Donald Trump his entire life. Trump has believed he's above the law that no one would ever dare hold him accountable. He lies, he rips off workers. He sexually abuses women. And when you're a Star, they let you do it. He can do anything. He cheats in business.


He cheated on his wife with a porn star and paid her off so the American people wouldn't find out during an election. But in the criminal justice system, ordinary Americans have had the courage to find him accountable. Time and time again, guilty. Guilty, guilty. Donald Trump, guilty on all 34 felony counts. For the first time in history, we have a convicted felon running for president. And to take on this case, we need a president who has spent her life prosecuting perpetrators like Donald Trump. Mm. Okay. Amen. I don't know where to begin, but let, let's just start with cheated on his wife, her husband, Kamala Harris's own husband, the man who she wants us to make.


First gentleman cheated on his first wife with the nanny, which honestly is worse than with a porn star, with the nanny whom he impregnated. He did not deny this report when it was brought to him. Nobody knows what happened to the baby. Was it, was the baby aborted? Is there a love child that Doug Emh has with this woman? We don't know because the media won't follow up on this. I didn't see that in her video last night. Not to mention the Bill Clinton problems. Donald Trump is a predator. Bill Clinton's predatory behavior puts every politician's to shame.


He's the OG sexual predator. And he'll be taking the stage on Wednesday night with her blessing. She'll be sitting in the audience applauding the man who is accused of raping Juanita Broderick of sexually assaulting Kathleen Willie and Paula Jones. And I could keep going. But you see we're supposed to memory hole all of that because he's Bill Clinton. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's sadistic also, you know, the whole premise of her being tough on crime is just a laughable proposition. I saw an ad, I think it was MAGA Inc. Or something that had a relative of somebody who was killed by a recidivist that she let out of prison.


Yep. In California. And we all remember obviously the bail fund in Minneapolis that led a whole bunch of criminals out of jail after trashing the city of Minneapolis. And the, the rate of recidivism and violent crime amongst a few of them was astronomical unthinkable with somebody who tries to fashion themselves as tough on crime. They just don't have. And the reason that they switched to the Trump thing, and we said this from the very beginning of why they wanted Donald Trump, is because their whole game plan before they knew that they had to trash Joe Biden, was if they could convict him in a court of law and just put a ceiling on his vote at like 48% in the states that matter with the rhetoric that this is a convicted felon over and over and over again.


They would never actually have to talk about what it is that they've done to this country. And now that they've gone through this six week period of their own struggles, but through Joe Biden overboard, they're back to the game plan. And that, that little video, I think is the best representation of the original strategy that Democrats were taking into 2024 that was on hiatus over the summer. But they're now back in action and they think they've got a winner with it. Well, it, it does absolutely nothing to convince a single persuadable voter in this country. Like that's catnip for the base and the people who are sitting there at that Democratic convention. But If, you listen to what actual persuadable voters or these double haters, you know, want to hear, they want to hear from Kamala what she actually plans to do.


They want to hear policy positions and a vision for the future of the country. This whole idea of her being a prosecutor who's gonna take it to Donald Trump does not motivate a single one of those people to vote for. Well, it's bell lied by the facts that she was never tough on crime. Well, and it's also, it also, yeah. I mean people have just, they have such cynicism and such a low regard for the media and politicians at this point, you know, back to from Russiagate to COVID, we got a mass toddlers, but if you're gonna burn down cities with BLM, you don't have to wear a mask. You know, stuff like that. Like people are just so cynical to the point where like, they don't care. They do not care that Donald Trump was convicted of these felonies in New York. They see right through that thing.


So you're gonna have to give him more than this contrived notion. You're the tough on crime prosecutor. Yeah, But, it makes you Wonder. Can I tell you like some of the stuff they're saying about him, he could actually sue for, it's impossible to, to sue totally as a public figure for defamation. But some of the stuff and including the, the lie about their, there are, there are fine people on both sides. I mean, honestly, that is so untrue. It's been proven untrue. Just roll, roll the tape. What he of what he actually said, you actually could recover in a court of law potentially for something like that. And that wasn't it. I mean, of course the whole night was spent Trump bashing. Somebody did a rundown where it was like the number of I, I might have screen grabbed it. This is how I prepare for the show. I see interesting things and I screen grab them and come back to them.


But in any event, it was something like the number of the, of references of illegal immigration and the number of references of healthcare and so on. And they were just down to like the tiny numbers. Here it is, border eight times crime, six times inflation, three times Trump 147 times. Yeah. Hmm. That's the game plan. Yeah. That's the game plan. They just don't Pretty amazing, don't they? They always thought, Tim, they could prosecute this, this case against Donald Trump by never talking about themselves. And they're back on track on that for what they think. And the media's certainly not gonna hold them accountable. But I think Duncan's probably right in that when we get into the crux of this in a post Labor day environment, you continue to have bad economic news.


Nothing is particularly optimistic and good about the tenure of this administration. People are gonna want some answers at some level. You know, it's not just gonna be an emotional, well this person's different than the last person type choice. We'll, but But, it does get them very, very close. And I, and I, I think Republicans would, would be making a grave mistake if they think that there isn't some persuasion power here. And at least reconsolidating a democratic base. Because I think one of the things I was gonna say is it's becoming clear that Democrats view this as a base turnout election. They, they do not think that they have the power of persuasion on their side.


And they're right about that. Yep. So the question is whether or not, and that's why they ultimately kicked Joe Biden off this ticket because he had a Hamas problem and she doesn't, and an elderly problem. And she doesn't, it had nothing to do with the policies that are different. 'cause there is no difference. Right. It's just the presentation and If, you can reconsolidate that democratic base to try to turn out in numbers of people who just hate Donald Trump. That's the only qualification for this group. So they If you, they did poor fuel. Donald Trump. Yeah. They, they poured fuel onto that fire multiple times last night. I played that you that one ad and dark Brandon returned. And here's Raphael Warnock, one of their rising stars. Senator from the state of Georgia, US Senator weighing in Watch America.


Make no mistake, Donald Trump is a plague on the American conscience. He is a pr he is a clear and present threat. Okay? It was two days ago, three days at most that I watched a CNN panel melt down because one of the panelists, Nancy Mace, mispronounced Kamala watch, When you disrespect Kamala Harris by saying you will call her whatever you want.


I know you don't intend it to be that way. That's the history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of black people. Oh. So now you're calling me racist. I didn't say, come on. That is completely, you don't have to intend racism to your name. Right? Kamala Harris. Kamala Kamala. You called Nancy what I want. You're doing this Congress disrespectful. Just a, They Don't like the disrespect guys. It's on disrespect. The funniest thing is they all learned how to pronounce her name a month ago, you know, and first of her name is Sanskrit. Kamala is is a Sanskrit name, you know, and they're trying to make it this attack on a black woman. Sorry, it's just sort of hard to pronounce.


Like nobody's doing it on purpose. We're all trying our best. Even If she was doing it on purpose, who cares? You're calling him a sexual predator. You've got Raphael Warnock saying he's a clear and present threat, that he's a plague. You've got Joe Biden who just spoke out a couple days ago calling him Donald Dump f you and your phony indignation over calling her Kamala instead of Kamala. This is so fake. Who the guess that Mace would've had a, a tough shake on that panel, huh? Question. The booking that that did not seem like it was gonna go well from the jump. And again, it was what they gave 48 hours after one of their folks tried to kill Donald Trump to being back to like he is a clear and present threat to America.


Yeah. That's not great points. Smart Hitler. Yeah. Hitler. Yeah. Right. Like we're, we're back to Hitler, by the way. How about the fact that that thing's been completely erased out of the, the memory. It's outta the news. Like didn't happen. The, the assassination attempt on Trump. It's truly as if it was a nothing in the news cycle. When the media, it's like the line from mommy dearest, if she doesn't like you, she can make you disappear. That's what happened. It is, it is sad state of affairs. We have ourselves in here. Well there's a reason for that, right? I mean, it's like he looked heroic, he looked sympathetic that it would re require them to tone down their rhetoric. And they're not okay with any one of those messages.


Any one of those things. Meantime, you've got Trump who he says this and the media freaks out like, oh my God, he won't change. He's terrible. And I'm listening to him having heard all this other stuff thinking, yes, I totally understand. Listen to Sat 31, this is Trump and bad means, All I wanna do is have strong borders and good education. We want to have choice for education. So important. So many different things. You would think it would be the other way. We rebuilt the military. We did so many great things. People don't know who she is as far as the personal attacks. I'm very angry at her that she'd weaponize the justice system. I'm against me and other people very angry at her. I think I'm entitled to personal attacks.


Where's he wrong? He's not Ron. And you know, that's the thing is when you'd mention that it's actionable legally, the things that have been said about him that, you know, these lies that defame him. Like both people find people on both sides kind of thing. The one problem is good luck finding a fair court for Donald Trump. I mean, that is the issue. The reason that in New York City, you can find these trumped up charges, turn them into felonies where the feds wouldn't want to go after them because there was no merit to it. But they can make a person guilty of 40 felonies because politically they don't like him. Good luck finding a court that's gonna let you do what is legal.


Yeah. He Might be, I mean, getting sentenced to jail, you guys in, in a matter of weeks, September 18th is a sentencing day in front of Judge Marcan. Andy McCarthy is convinced he's gonna get sentenced to jail with a suspended sentence. Meaning he won't have to go right off to jail. He'll be given the chance to appeal. But the law fair's not done. And this is like the crowning moment, right? Like this is what they, this is what they came for. Like get a convicted felon who has been sentenced to jail. How are you gonna elect him to the presidency? But If, you fucking say Kamala instead of Kamala or whatever it is. You're Disgusting. You know, may, maybe it's a silver lining.


Donald Trump's poll numbers were at their best when he was on trial in New York. You know, so I, I think if they take the brazen step of trying to sentence him to prison of any kind, they're gonna be sorely, sorely mistaken on what the ramifications are of that. I think they're gonna be a huge, the kind of stuff that we saw back in April when he was convicted in the first place. And all of a sudden there's a three four point jump in his ballot question. Not To mention everything. Can you explain, can you explain that? 'cause I think the base for sure will be more animated than ever. Well, maybe not than ever. 'cause I I mean after the assassination attempt, but the numbers Yeah. How Could they get higher? It wasn't just, But, but what about those independent, how, how would that motivate the, the independence needs? Yeah, I mean, what we saw in the spring was it went well beyond the base.


In fact, there's never really been a base problem for Donald Trump. He's always had a cod lock on that. What we saw happen in April is constituencies had been harder for him to reach sort of in the center, left center right of the electorate. Predominantly women thought this guy was getting railroaded. And they couldn't believe that in this country you had a political opponent, which was gonna be the Republican nominee for president of the United States. Being prosecuted not only by the administration of that was an incumbent, but also states that ran entirely on a platform of putting this guy in jail. I mean, that is the antithesis of what this country was actually founded on. And when it was right in the face of the American people, it was a pretty clear choice.


It was, I mean, he was running dead even with women. He was ahead with independence. Now we've seen all of that recede over the summer and all the events and chaos that we've had from a debate and assassination attempt and everything else. But I think if they go back down that road in September, you could see a recreation of that environment. I mean, because outside of the assassination attempt, which obviously was, was a great high watermark for Donald Trump and his approval numbers jumped and everything, like, like trying to put him in prison is the only way you can make Donald Trump sympathetic to, to those cohorts that are electorate totally. Who otherwise don't really like the guy point because that system, the, the system that would put him in prison is a system they also don't trust.


Right. And so they find it, they find that suddenly they, they're on the side of Donald Trump, a person who they would otherwise never vote for. Totally. Right. And if this is, if this really is a base motivation style election where Democrats are betting that they have to turn out their whole base, what do you think happens to our base if they try to do that to Trump on the eve of the election? I mean, every single person is gonna come out to vote on our side. Yeah, no question. Well, I, I mean, I think it may happen. Andy's smart, I've all along been thinking he wouldn't get a jail term. But Andy's point is that the way they tried this case is not just a business records case. They tried it as he tried to steal an election, you know?


Yeah. By paying off this woman, we had our, the, he had an obligation to let us hear what Stormy Daniels had to say. And his unwillingness to allow that was a theft of Hillary Clinton's rightful victory. And thus, if that's what he's been convicted of in the eyes of these prosecutors and this jury and this judge, then why wouldn't he be sentenced to jail? That's a very serious offense to actually steal an election. And so, like September 18th is an important date to circle on your calendar. It's going to be a very, very big news date. And they scheduled the hearing on whether the Supreme Court's immunity decision will vitiate the need for sentencing.


Right. Does it save Trump for two days in advance? It's either the hearing or his decision on that comes down. But the point is, and Andy was making this over on his podcast, they did that Marshan likely did that because he knows he's not going Trump's way on it. He's gonna say, eh, some things came in that otherwise shouldn't have come in. 'cause they Supreme Court said, you also can't use evidence of what a president did with his official acts in any criminal case against him. But he Marshan could say, yeah, but that was, it was immaterial. Like it, we would've reached the same judgment without that stuff. And his prediction is, that's exactly what Marshan has decided to do. He'll sort of give like lip service to the immunity decision and say, that doesn't affect us. And two days later, he'll sentence Donald J. Trump to jail, but then suspend the sentence pending.


That's fascinating. That's a fascinating take. Just a low point in our democracy if that is in fact what, what happens. I will say just politically how people consume this outside of all the great details that you laid out, I think there's a fundamental question which is easily answered by almost everybody across the ideological spectrum, which is, would these charges have been brought? Would he have been convicted if he weren't running for president? And there is nobody, no serious person anywhere in this country who thinks that they would, I mean, they had what, 15 years to, to bring these record cases. It wasn't until he filed for reelection that they actually went out and filed them.


I mean, it's, that's, that's why these things are more quickly consumed by the American people than democratic politicians would lead you to believe. I mean, it's going to be a dark day. Meanwhile, it's nothing but joy on the Democrat side. And I wanna get to some of the joy that they felt. I mean, when they say joy, they mean joy. They mean like joy, joy at a, at a, at an inappropriate level. I'll put it that way. Listen, you tell me If you sense any sort of interesting somethings in Dana B's language last night talking about the Democrats taking in the moment Kamala Harris appeared. She made some remarks.


Listen to how she described their reaction. Now the crowd really excited Here. It's, it's electric and, and not to mix metaphors, But, it does feel like something just got uncorked. Like, you know, there's just a lot of pressure and all of a sudden everybody feels free to express their, their joy. And there's no question that this is a feeling that Democrats wanted to feel. They were searching for this kind of of energy and this kind of enthusiasm, particularly well just in general, but particularly given the Republican that they're running against.


Yeah. I'm sorry, but I see what you're doing here. You save these kind of things for us, don't you, Becky? I do try to get it. I Do. I'm not giving this as Charles CW cook Smog. What was your hot take on that? So here's what I'm gonna say. What else can be said? What can be said? No, I just love on the night that they were supposed to be like, we're sending off Joe. Yeah. That they're like, well, he was a cork. Yeah. He had a being stuck in the way he was in the way of our joy. We're popping champagne on his political grave. Unbelievable. I do wanna say something in my defense, I did raise the Jeffrey Toin masturbatory incident with Victor Davis Hanson.


So there's really no bridge I won't cross Okay. To get the story of the Day. I'm glad I'm, I'm glad to see fair and balanced all the way. Yeah. Yeah. See, I I love it. I respect you guys. I respect you. And I don't even have to be drunk to do it. I don't have to be drunk to, I can do to stone cold sober. Maybe the same cannot be said for our potential next president. I have you guys seen the memes questioning whether Kamala Harris is, is drunk or just a d Is she, is she drunk or dumb? Is she drunk or disorderly? I don't know. I am, I'm of two minds on it. I've seen some clips where she's a little slurry. You know, I can see how she is and you're like, what?


But some of the evidence, I was like, I don't know. I'm, we put together the montage of the clips that have been circulating as the alleged evidence that she's a boozer and you guys, we report. You decide, watch, You know, we have to stay woke. Like everybody needs to be woke. And you can talk about If, you're the woke est or woke her, but just stay more woke than less woke. Yeah. There is this wonderful word that has a great meaning and it's called hypothesis, which means that you have an idea and then it is well accepted.


It will be tested, has wifi and even USB outlets next to every seat. I mean, come on, imagine you can charge your phone on your way home from work. That's good stuff. I'm pointing to the direction of what I believe is the capital. He's gonna speak in a minute, but there's a lot of love in this room for our president. Give us a hard time sometimes. And she would say to us, I don't know what's wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?


Just say, Hey, Joe. Instead of saying, no, we can't. Let's say yes we can. I call myself a joyful warrior. Right. Never let anyone take your joy from you. So I, I can't say, you know, I'm not a a a doctor or whatever, I guess, or, or an officer on the side of the road making a walk of line on this or a substance abuse counselor. I just know when I have like eight or nine bourbons, I think everything I'm saying is really profound, smart and funny. And like if I were being videoed, I'm probably the only person laughing. Yeah. And I bet it looks a lot like that point.


I don't know man. I'm, I'm also, I'm also not a doctor, but I think she's dumb. I really do. I I think that's the diagnosis is stupidity. There's also sort of like a stoner mentality to her. Little bit like the maybe a gummy That's good stuff. Like, yeah, like that's like a high schooler with munchies of the Taco Bell drive-in window at three in the morning. You'd be like, listen man, there's like, there's a USB charger in your car. It's amazing. Mad stuff. It's truly like you minute. Yeah. Biden. Okay. So it's an ongoing problem. There's no way she's drunk at all these public appearances.


Somebody would notice, but she work For the Kennedys A wine bar named after her or something. Like, I don't like a kind of a theme, whatever. Here she is in Pennsylvania this weekend and this one made the rounds. People were like, what is she saying? And as you'll see in the second soundbite, we'll play, it's what we call a pattern. Okay? Listen to her in Pennsylvania this past weekend talking about democracy. Our election is about understanding the importance of this beautiful country of ours in terms of what we stand for around the globe as a democracy, as a democracy. We know there's a duality to the nature of democracy.


Come on the one hand, incredible strength when it is intact, incredibly strong and incredibly fragile. I just, you, you, you make a good Favorite of hers. She can't be drunk at every single one of these things, but she can be dumb at everything you wanna, that's the, it's, that's the control's she reminds me of. Like, oh, you got more. She's Not done. Hold, hold. She's not done watch. She loves this one. The Nature of democracy is, is it's there, there are two sides to it in terms of the nature of it.


There's a duality, There's a duality to the nature of democracy when it's intact. Oh, it's so strong. And it is very fragile. The nature of democracy. There's a duality to it. It has two sides to it. Democracy. There's a duality to it. On the one hand, a democracy when it is intact is very strong. On the other hand, and here is the duality. Democracy is also extremely fragile. It will only be as strong as the willingness of its people to fight for it.


Prosecution rest. I love, I love how she says, and here's the duality part and here's the duality because it's the second part. Like you, you know, it's a really good rhetorical device when you have to explain it that much. Well, she, she's got like the in the full act it each and every one. It's like she's thinking it through on the fly. It's a very simple concept. She's act it's a pretty simple concept. Yeah, yeah. It it's an, that's, that's exactly, Oh, that's her acting, right? It's, that's her fakeness. Yep. Yep. No, that's exactly right. I mean, she reminds me of like the shittiest motivational speaker that's ever addressed a junior high anywhere in this country. Yeah. That and a cross between like a substitute teacher who has more degrees than a thermometer but can't hold down a job. Like the combination of those two things is I think where you get like the dual maybe mix in a tiptop or a chardonnay.


Yeah. And then you got like the full perfect mix. She just like, there is no wisdom there. That's the thing that's so Yeah. That Is impossible about her becoming president. You're like, there's no wisdom. There's no depth of thinking. This person's not fast on her feet. And whatever she tries to use as a stirring rhetorical device is false, empty. And didn't work on me the first 10 times you tried it. But remember, remember the first three years of Biden's administration, she was a punchline for everybody because of this. And everybody was like, oh no, Joe Biden's not going anywhere because his insurance policy is his vice president.


Nobody thinks his vice president can actually do that job. I mean, that's what everybody talked about before she got the the nod to be their nominee. Totally. And now all of a sudden, everybody has to be one of her. Yes. Men staffers. The entire press has to be her. Yes. Person staffer who listens to that bullshit over and over again is like, oh yeah, Kamala. Yeah. That sounds so smart. You killed it boss. You know what I mean? Everything that was once absurd that they laughed at is now treated as profound. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And, and the few staffers that are left, 'cause she ran through about 10 dozen of 'em the first year and a half. There were, there were multiple stories written about that specific thing.


Yeah. That she just couldn't hold. Like nobody wanted to work for her. She was insane. She had these like circular logic reasoning machines and kept getting pissed off that she was put in a position of having to defend the def indefensible and all these things like that nobody liked to work for. And they're trying to make this lady president of the United States. What a scary proposition. Yeah. Right. It's why Charlie Sing has Book by her underground. Yeah. Charlie Spearing, he's been great. Wait, can I say this? They, they, now we've learned over the past week that that Lester Holt interview she gave was really jarring for her. She was shaken up by how poorly she did, where he's, she's like, we've been to the border. And he to his credit is like, you've never been to the border and I've never been to Europe.


What's your point? And it was disastrous. And she had, she got criticized roundly for it. And apparently according to the reporting, she went underground after that. She was very shaken by how poorly she did. And the reaction to her and became obsessed with not repeating that mistake, not giving interviews, was worried about what Fox News might be saying about her. Got like just very like, oh, you know, I, my career requires me to be quiet. And she was relatively quiet after that point. You know, we saw her doing a couple things that probably seemed like they'd be harmless, like going to the Space Museum and then they weren't 'cause she got dumb and said weird things, but now they've learned their lesson.


Right. She's out there and she understands she cannot do it. And they understand that too. Everyone's running cover. And the few times she's spoken out, like that duality remark was the other day, you get a glimpse into the real per her, like the not the curated version. We keep getting forced on us by the teleprompter and at these, you know, events like the, the campaign events, and I'm sure at the convention on Thursday night, you wanna talk about duality. There's your duality right there. That's right. I mean, look, I think the one thing that you can have some con confidence in is running for president with the notable exception of 2020 when they just kept Joe Biden in the basement and blamed it on a gun. Covid is, at some point you're gonna have a revelation of who this person is.


Right. Her, she has a confined timeline for that. Usually that plays out in a primary, in the beginnings of a general election. She's trying to do all this in 90 days, but I think in 90 days it is impossible to entirely keep that out because that's who she is. Megan, she has no business running for president of the United States. She has no business being in the office that she's currently in. Yeah. Right. Right. And that, that will come out with just any exposure. Right. I think. Right. Some people just aren't cut out for that line of work. And that's why she didn't make it to Iowa. She's not Obama. She thinks like I can be Obama, I can be just like him. I can be president even if she becomes president.


She's not Obama. She's not capable of doing what he's able to do. She just doesn't have the skillset. I mean, maybe, you know, she could be an attorney or something in California, but like president of the United States from this woman, I just, can you imagine on an international stage, the laughing stock, our country will be God behind her back. You know that, you know the, these world leaders, they have text messages too. Yeah. They send videos to each other and laugh about it just like everybody else. You know, they send videos of her doing exactly what you showed your audience and they're laughing at her. They'd be laughing at us. Yeah, yeah, that's right. And we're gonna get a lot more just like it. If she wins, they're not gonna be able to keep her behind closed doors forever.


There's just too many moments as president for you to ad lib or go off script. And that's what's gonna happen if she wins. I mean, it could be fun for us media people, but not, not so much for the country. Stand by the fellows from Ruthless Stay with us.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Are you a guy who's sick of uncomfortable dress shirts, especially when they bunch up under a sweater? If so, you could check out collars and co makers of the original dress collar polo. Their shirts have four-way stretch. They're soft and have firm dress collars on them. They will give you that dress shirt look, but with an extremely comfortable polo feel. Wear them with anything under a sweater, with a blazer, or by themselves. They're perfect for the office, the golf course, or even a night out. Collars and cos exploding on social media right now and they've received a million dollar investment on ABC's Hit Show Shark Tank. They have an amazing AMA array of sweaters, quarter zips, pants, and outerwear too. If, you are looking for a performance dress shirt or polo that looks great all day. Check out collars and co.com. Use promo code MK for 15% off any purchase of $100 or more.


The summer is all sunshine, smiles, and road trips. That is until the hot weather wreaks havoc on your engine. And before you know it, you're waiting for roadside assistance and paying for costly repairs. With CarShield, the heat doesn't have to rob you of your summer. Fun broken AC and electrical problems are common in high heat and expensive summer car issues. Now is the time to put your faith in America's most trusted vehicle protection company. CarShield and shield yourself from pricey summer breakdowns. Car Shield's expert representatives are available to help you find the best options for your vehicle and the most affordable and flexible plans to fit your budget. Now CarShield is offering 20% off your plan. Just visit carshield.com/carlson. Don't sweat it this summer. Choose CarShield, get your free quote. Visit carshield.com/carlson. That's carshield.com/carlson carshield.com/carlson. Coverage varies by plan, view contracts and exclusions@carshield.com


In his decision overturn Roe v. Wade, as you heard earlier tonight, the United States Supreme Court majority wrote the following quote, women are not without electrical, without not allowed, not without electoral, electoral or political power. No kidding. Oh, the Supreme Court took electricity away from you guys. We don't use it. This Whole studio's run by candle. Hey. Does have a guy on a wheel machine just pedaling in the background.


Yeah. What I wanna Know, it's just a reminder, right? It's a reminder of like How we talk. It's a reminder. It's a reminder of how incompetent the people surrounding Joe Biden are as well. That you could be his speech writer at this point in his presidency and not know, just instinctively know when you're writing Alright, electoral. That's, he can't do that word too many syllables. He can't do that word. It's totally right. I can't do that. I've written a lot of speeches for people over the years. Like you have to have some idea of the capability intuitively of, of, of the person that you're writing for. You know, I mean, if they're not perfectly eloquent, you don't throw like seven syllable words in there back to back and try to figure it out for him. I guess electoral is, I feel when You got, I feel like stumbled on that one before.


Yeah. I think that's not my first time seeing him stumble on that. And insurrection shouldn't be in there either. F yi. Yeah. Right. It's the re our Our reaction to that is, was kind of reflected. Like you could kind of feel, I I I tweeted this out last night and I stand by it when Joe Biden sat down. I was like, that was it. That was, yeah, that's what he got in exchange for giving up a presidential nomination. It was like, yay, Joe But. it wasn't really that great. Like the, the reception I'm talking about by the audience. I, I didn't feel the love. Like, I didn't feel like they hated him. I wasn't like, oh, no one's clapping, but I just kind of expected more.


I thought we'd see totally tons of people crying. Like there was a sat with Chris Coons before he took the stage Biden and this kind of is representative of how I felt watching the audience all night. Watch this. So 11 On behalf of our Democratic party for your loyalty in fighting for our democratic values, we thank you. And on behalf of Delaware, thank you Joe and God bless you. We love you. We. Love, Joe, We, Love, Joe, We, Love Joe, We Love.


Joe. It's just so did you see her face forced? There was a woman doing the side eye right at the end. Yes. Like, come on. It's even too much for me. Yeah, it was, it was, it was a retirement party. I mean, they did everything short of hand them the gold watch, you know? Yes. And you know, I I, I was thinking this when I was watching it. The exact same thing that you're bringing up, Megan, is this was supposed to be like, you know, some like reverent moment and, and like capstone this remarkable political career and expressing gratitude. But again, like Holmes special, the cynicism just seeped through all of it where it seems so fake. I, I thought when I was watching that of the moment when George HW Bush passed away, and then you saw Bob Dole was brought in to the rotunda where, where George HW Bush was in waiting and he had an aid lift him so that he could salute him.


And you had more reverence shown by one person than a room of 10,000 people were capable of. Because that was just fake. It was just fake. Yeah. They just don't care. Right. I mean, it's, it's onto the next, it really is. It's all a game to them. It's, it's onto the next. And, and I as an aside, wouldn't you have loved to be a fly on the wall when someone came in and had to brief the sitting president of the United States of his speaking slot? I mean, yeah. When, when Richard Ben Kramer profiled Joe Biden in the 19 90, 19 88 race and excellent, what it takes. Excellent. It's a great book. I love it. I recommend it to smug and now he recommends it to everybody else.


I just, I just don't think that he could have imagined that Biden's career would end on a Monday night after 11:30 PM Yeah. Oh God, that is, I just, I just don't, I don't think you could have ever 50 years in politics. And that's what he gets. He he did it to himself. Yeah. He really, he did it to himself. Couldn't young on too. Couldn't Really get chant going like I know. Oh, We, Love Joe with the eye roll. It was so telling, although not to the people on M-S-N-B-C who to, to close the show as we began it with the fakeness of what we witnessed last night, you know, it gavel to gavel. Here's Rachel Maddow. I just feel like in American, in my 51 years of American life, I don't know of another big civic earnest, heartfelt emotional expression of thanks God.


You know, that we congratulate one another. My God, we have parades for heroes and we celebrate people's victories, but to celebration of, of thanks. And you know, we, we appreciate and love you for your civic virtue and for what you've done to our country. Yeah. Yeah. My, I mean, since we've had, since we have had parades welcoming home people who have fought in war, and it has been generations since we have done that. I don't know anything else like that. Oh my God, you guys, What? You know they still have those parades. You just don't show up. No, she shows up. She's just holding a picket son. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's so false.


Well, it's just not watching it. Right? I mean, that that's, it's this narrative building that happens in the left, on the left in their media Appalachian. That is a narrative building about what you're seeing that you didn't actually see. Totally. Totally. Yeah. Right. And it, and it's, it's even more jarring. If, you were, you know, one of the few that actually had to sit through the entire 45 minutes to get to the end of that and being like, well, what you've seen here is just an outpouring of love and support, which is not what it was. Right. It just no, just wasn't. No, it's, it's improv fiction. Most people watch improv comedy Democrats every single day do improv fiction. And some of them do it better than others.


It's the opposite of what they normally do, which is when we see a man, they tell us it's a woman and we should ignore our eyes. Totally. Right. And now we have them doing the opposite. We, we see a lack of enthusiasm and they tell us, we saw enthusiasm. I've gotta end on this one. You speak of Rachel Maddow. She's normally at the protest with a placard. Could be. Yeah. She shouldn't try that in Chicago because look what happened to this guy. We hurting fucking shit. My, what the fuck did I do?


Well he pooped his, they're treating Joe Biden like this. This is supposed to his retirement party. Yeah. Another well-reasoned young man out in for civic duty. The final in duty Operative word being duty. Well Done you guys. A pleasure. That was a special one. You guys, that was a special one. Thank you. It was so good. So good to see you again back. And we'll do this as many times as you want to. We always have such a blast. Awesome TV continued. We'll see you guys soon. And don't forget to check out the guys on their platforms too.


What? It's youtube.com. What is it slash I had it prompter now I can't see it. Ruth Ruthless podcast. There we go. Tonight we're gonna hear from the Obama's Barack and Michelle, as well as second gentleman Doug, as well as Chuck Schumer. We will bring you all the highlights and lowlights tomorrow's. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or What is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


Got a hunch about this football season. Put it in play with FanDuel's. Easy to use Zap. Right now new customers can bet $5 or get 200 in bonus bets. Nothing Can stop this team. Nothing. Sounds like someone's got an optimistic hunch. 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is notable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.