
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show Live in Los Angeles today. Back at the SiriusXM Studios here Tonight I'm gonna be on with Bill Maher. So I made the track Cross country Man, that is a long flight, isn't it? That's a long flight. And by the way, I'm sitting here with James Woods. I'm very exci excited that James is here with me. We got 11 days to go before the 2020 election comes to a close. And the final New York Times poll of likely voters has the race tied at 48 to 48, which is just, that's not good news for her.


The final New York Times poll in 2020 had Joe Biden up Nine points, had Hillary up, I think six, and now it's tied between the two of them. We've got a lot to get to. James Woods is here, along with, do you guys remember the last time he came on in July? He teased a special surprise that he'd been working on. Hmm. What was it? We didn't know. Well, today we're gonna find out because he's here alone first. And then with Musician Shooter Jennings, who will be bringing on soon to discuss James' new album, Hear The. Thunder Crack more on that soon.


There's a lot at stake at this upcoming election, but regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on this economy has already been lit. What a powder keg, even four years of a conservative presidency, might not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gasoline on a dumpster fire. But one thing you could consider is to protect your savings by diversifying into gold. We've seen the numbers on gold lately with the help of Birch Gold Group. For millennia gold has stood firm in the face of greedy governments, economic upheavals, and global strife. And, it can protect you. Right now, Birch Gold will help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold tax free and penalty free And. it does not cost you a penny out of pocket. In the last four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined and the price of gold has increased 40%. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit on gold and consider Birch Gold to protect your savings and text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


James, welcome back. Great to see you. Oh, I'm so happy to be here. Here. You have no idea really. You know, I usually don't, as you know, do publicity and people say, well, you're doing m Kelly. I said, for the second time, because here's why that's really important to me. You tell it straight, and I don't know why there's one half of this political divide that simply can't tell it straight. You know, I have a card rule when they start using euphemisms, you know, you're in trouble. Why can't you just say it? You know, someone said the other day, for example, and it's a hot button issue, so I'm not gonna, I'm gonna just slide over it, said, you know, could we use another word besides abortion?


And it's like, well, you could if, if it were something else, right? But that's what we're talking about, Self care. Yeah. Well, when they talk about reproductive rights, the one thing about an abortion that is not involved is reproduction. Yeah. It's like anti reproduction. No, that's, and by the way, that's somebody else's opinion. They're entitled to it. I understand it. I get it. Why many feminist women and men believe in abortion. I'm a Roman Catholic, so of course I don't, but you know, people are allowed to have opinions in America. But you gotta tell it straight. I mean, you know, child affirming, you know, gender affirming childcare. Lemme tell you, in past times in the world, and I believe in the future and in certain countries, they not only don't call that healthcare, they try and execute the people who do that to five and seven and 10 and 14-year-old children.


We, we did so many stories back in the day on Fox, oh God. On genital mutilation that they do in portions of Islam to young girls. Yeah. A female genital male. Yeah. And, and they, they never get, they, they will never have sexual pleasure, obviously. That's the point. And, it was horrific. We all recoiled in horror. And now it's like, yeah, sure. We'll make sure that these children can never have any sexual pleasure without even thinking about it. We'll just have Rachel Levine stand up there saying it's fine. You know, we had on Ani yesterday a democrat from the San Francisco region, and he seemed like a very sweet guy. But James, I swear, I don't think he, he knows this stuff. I don't think a lot of the people know what they're even supporting. Well, also they don't realize the fact that statistics are, and I didn't look this up, but I, but my wife Sarah is brilliant woman, and she well read and so on.


She said, you know, the statistics on transgender trans white or whatever, whatever, whatever the trans sec, whatever trans, I'll just use their trans euphemism. Trans children. Trans children is 41% of suicide attempts. 41% of PE have suicide attempt. And when they use this gender affirming care, okay? And then they recover from the surgery and so on, or they use the puberty blockers and so on. The numbers are exactly the same. Same. Yeah. Nothing changes. That's right. Because, you know, look, we know that there are people who are, who have, are at the far end of the bell curve, if you will, about their sexuality.


And people are entitled to it, feel differently or do whatever they want in their own bedrooms and so on. But when children are involved, I think you really have to go out of your way to make sure you aren't taking what is a natural childhood inclination to be rebellious or to be curious, or to act differently than you might act if you are an adult, you can't encourage it to the point where there is irreversible damage involved. That's right. And a lot of the times it's literally munchhouse by proxy with troubled parents. Yes. Behave percent behave horribly with their children's welfare. And I have to say, I, I always, I think I mentioned this to you last time, I always imagine what would be like if my dad, who was a war hero, my mom who was a teacher, my brother who was involved in politics and was a Democrat, by the way, and I went out and supported him.


He was my brother, and I believed in, you know, a lot of the things he believed in. Some not, I can't imagine God rest our souls, all of them. If they were ever back for one hour, I said, let me show you the world we have today. Yeah. What they would think. They go, well, this can't be happening. I know, I know. Okay. Which one of you of these things do you think is happening today? And that's the problem. So I know one of the things that, you know, I love when they said, well, here's some of the topics. I could just ask me anything. And we, Lauren one, one of your Yeah. Staff said, you know, we were all laughing when you said, here are the topics. I said, ask me anything. I'm not a democrat and I'm happy to answer. We like to give you a little heads up just so you, if you wanna read it, it you can. No, But of course everybody wants to hear me, you know, you know, just rip the ass off the enemy, you know, so to speak.


And that's not how I think about it. They're not the enemy. Okay. The people who are voting for Ka Kamala Harris, even though I'm not going to vote for, are not my enemy. Yeah. They are American citizens who've made some decisions and some choices. Thank God they're able to do that. I disagree with their choices because I disagree with her vision for America. Well, I disagree with the fact that she doesn't have a vision, first of all, and she's afraid to talk about it too cowardly to go on the press. Talk about you weren't, You weren't moved by what you heard on CNN the other night. No, I, it's just shocking. I mean, it's just shocking. It's But it, but they're entitled to, to what they think. So I thought, yes, I'm gonna say to me, the only thing I thought about was I would say to you this, let's forget, you know, they expect me to come out here and go, you know, Kamala Harris slept her way to the middle and checked boxes to the top, and she never got a single vote.


She doesn't know what she's talking about and blah, blah, blah. I'm not gonna say horrible things like that about Kamala Harris, because it's unbecoming of me as a gentleman. So let's just throw it back in the box. Sorry, I didn't mean for that to slip out. How am I doing? How am I doing so far? You do your acing it. But, but let's just say this. Let's talk about the America she wants and let's talk about the America that Donald Trump wants. So it's just simple. If you want another 20 million illegal aliens to come across the border, unvetted, okay? Un unvaccinated unaccounted for If you love fentanyl, if you love tuberculosis, if you love cartel crime, if you love sex trafficking of children and so on, then vote for her again.


You know, if you wanna secure a border, you wanna secure a military, then there's somebody else you can vote for. Don't You? Aren't you moved by? He's a fascist, he's threatening to unleash the military. Yeah, I'm moved by it. Yeah. You know why I'm moved by it. Here's why. The man almost had his head blown off by a Democrat assassin. He was, there was a second opportunity for it to happen. And here's what I can tell you In a political election, when you say somebody's Hitler, yet another trans killer or some other demented Democrat killer is going to say, oh, I've got my walking papers. Because let me tell you something. Someone said, I can take you on a time machine and I can put you back in Nazi Germany and here's a gun and you can kill Hitler and save millions of lives.


I think it's a moral obligation to do it. Mm. And there's some crazy Democrat in some mother's basement somewhere in a tutu loading up a rifle saying, you know what, this guy's, Hitler, Kamala Harris just told me that You can't say it's not possible. We've, we've seen it too many times now. Here, here, they're Engineering it. They're engineering another assassination. And it's absolutely reprehensible completely. They're completely abandoned. All the, you Well, we really need to tone down the rhetoric after Trump nearly got his head blown off. Listen to Hillary Clinton. You know, Trump is making a speech next week at Madison Square Garden. That's his closing argument. Oh yeah. She already called it the Nazi rally. Of course. Yeah. Take a listen to Hillary Clinton. And you know, one other thing that you'll see next week, Caitlin, is Trump actually reenacting the Madison Square Garden rally in 1939.


I write about this in my book. President Franklin Roosevelt was appalled that neo-Nazis fascists in America were lining up to essentially pledge their support for the kind of government that they were seeing in Germany. So I don't think we can ignore it. Hmm. And and they won't. I'll give you one more Steve Colbert doubling down in same messaging. Well, It's just a coincidence. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that in 1939, they held a pro-Nazi rally there. Yeah. It was, it was a stain on MSGs history.


Oh. And last night, Anderson Cooper asked Kamala Harris point blank what she thought, do you think Donald Trump is a fascist? Yes, I do. Bam. Thank you. Kamala Harris is not afraid. No hesitation. Okay. That last guy literally said, and I'm quoting him, literally called Donald Trump Putin's cock holster. Okay. So after two years of a complete and utter hoax wasting America's time and tax money, trying To ruin his first administration And did, went a long way to do it. People like this spew the mantra of the DNC.


They all say the same thing. They don't even bother to change the words, and they're trying to destroy it again. They're so desperate. Now they're gonna start talking about Nazi rallies, and they all say the same thing. It's embarrassing. They were wrong. Then five people have been censured in the House of Representatives. One of them was the officially censured censured liar, Adam Schiff, who promoted the hoax along with his fluffers, like these two clowns that you just showed us. And they are, they're just acting like clowns if Nazi rally and so on. Let's talk about those visions that these people have. Okay. You want to talk about, you want to talk about a threat to democracy?


Let's get a candidate who's never had a single vote. Let's just perform a coup deta on a walking corpse who spends his time on the Delaware Beach, but is nonetheless still the rightfully elected possibly president of the United States. And we'll just throw him under the bus and we'll stick, we'll shoehorn in a completely unqualified, unelected, un nominated candidate who I suppose they used lawfare somehow to squeeze around the edges of, of their, their reality. Who's talking about, oh, let's have reparations, for example, coming from a family of slave owners. Yeah. And I can, and I say this coming from a family that fought in the American Revolution.


Okay. So I think I have probably a pretty good valid position to be able to say that, you know, a a a person descended from a family of slave owners really doesn't need to tell me that I owe reparations to people who were in fact never slaves. Right. And I certainly never owned them myself. So, I mean, here's what they do. It's the solinsky trip trick. Whatever it is you're guilty of, we're gonna blame you. Yeah. I mean, and you can see, feel it coming when they came out and they said, oh, you know, JD Vance Pulitzer Prize winner Yale graduate United States Senator Army Hero. That guy's weird. I don't know what's weird about that, but okay. Weird, weird, weird. The same same collection of clowns.


Pontificating the same talking points. I went, why are they saying this? And boom, A pops, Tim Walsk, the weirdest candidate that has ever run for any office ever. Did you See him? Ever? Did you He was ripping on, I get, was it Trump or JD for dancing around the stage the other night? I like This mincing Muppet. Hello. This mincing meat puppet. Tim Wall Tampon Tim, who was it? Steve? Come on. Are you crazy? Who was it Steve? It Musk. It was Elon Musk. Thank you Steve Kracker. It was Elon Musk. He was like, he's, Tim Wal is saying Elon Musk is weird because of the way he dances around on the stage. Oh my gosh. Hello. I mean, Elon Musk, who, who literally, you know, sent a rocket into space and was able to retrieve it.


I've spent probably, oh, we've all collectively has spent billions and billions and billions of dollars in Nassau. And they weren't able to do that. And meanwhile, Tim Wall says he doesn't know what a venture capitalist does. Yeah. So it's like they, there's a gap there. Well, but can I just say something on the Madison Square Garden thing? So Madison Trump is from New York. Trump grew up in New York. It's his hometown. Madison, you know, like they're acting like appearing at Madison Square Garden has never been done from the, the Nazi rally for a lot. I, I've been there many times to watch Knick's games. It's very fun. You know that Hitler was Man of the Year for Time Magazine. Right? Right. Yes. Okay. Hitler, Adolf Hitler, the real Adolf Hitler. Right, right. Was Man of the Year for Time Magazine. Right Now Time Magazine is always, you know, degrading Trump and so on.


Look, here's the problem. Here's the problem with having Trump as a candidate for these people. They're all pigs at the same trough. One wears a red tie, one wears a blue tie. We have a problem in this country. And you know what it is? We need term limits. Hmm. And we need to have a law that you cannot invest in any stock while you are, wouldn't be great while a member of the United States government. And we need, it's crazy that We Don't, we need Elon Musk to go in there as a cabinet member for Donald Trump and gut this federal bloated hog of a bureaucracy. Oh, I was Thinking that by 75% When I was going through TSA, all I could think was, we need Elon Musk, God, we need him to cut down the size of government in every department.


Like he, he was saying at an event, I, I was out here the last time, and he was saying, have you ever been in the post office that, think of that at scale. That's the US government. That's what the Democrats want more of. That's what Trump and Elon are gonna do to try to reduce the, the size of that behemoth. We want less of those bureaucrats who really dunno what they're doing. Except, Except though I have to say one thing about the post office. Mm. Because I think that the people who work the ground level, and I say that as a compliment. 'cause I worked in a factory when I was a kid. My mom worked in a munitions factory during World War ii. So on. I I love them. I love my postman. Happens to be postman and my postwoman when she shows up, even my post transgender, wherever he or she is.


Okay. You know, it's the bureaucrats who run these places. Rachel Levine. We actually were, we had people wagging their fingers at us during the covid epidemic. I'm sorry. It's some fat guy. He's a villain in a dress masquerading as an admir room with his nuts hanging down below his hand, telling me about, you know, proper health. I'm sorry, you're lecturing me on health. Get a jockstrap. I, I promised I wouldn't do this. I promised my wife I wouldn't do. No, it's, I take it all back. Sorry. Richard. Rachel, sorry, Richard. Rachel, Richard, sorry. Admiral. And then he wants to tell us how he's the first female this, and he's the first female. He's like first female that, you know, I don't, when I was climbing the female mountain, I looked over, you weren't on it. You were, were on the next mountain. You're a woman.


And by the way, I have to compliment you on something, man. I'll never forget that first, that first debate. And you ripped Donald Trump's ass in half, man. Oh boy. And, and, and rightfully so. Because I've talked to him, he knows it was a mistake the way he talked in that trailer. And I'm, see, I'm able to do this. Sam won't say anything's wrong with Kamala. I love Donald Trump, man. I'm voting for this guy. I just think he, we need him. I don't wanna even make America great again. I just wanna Make America America Again. Please. That is So true. Just make America America Again please. It's more, it's not maga it's mad.


Yeah, Please. But you know, you did it and now I understand you're supporting, you're supporting Trump. Yep. Because nobody, I voted for Him this Week. Nobody's perfect. You know, the spray tan and the hair and all that stuff. But let me tell you something. The Abraham Accords changing, you know, standing for, for Israel standing up against Islamic terrorism. Yeah. We are keeping Us out of war. Listen, we are literally standing on the edge of our toes, on the abyss looking into the bowels of hell in this election. This woman gets elected and we are going to be in a nuclear war. I've literally heard some of these liberal college, well, you know, limited nuclear war.


It's like, do you know anything about nuclear war? They know nothing about nuclear War. Limited nuclear war. My stepfather, believe it or not, I had the strangest background. My father was on Okinawa in the Seabees. Okay. Had fought, had two purple hearts about to go into the invasion of Japan. My stepfather, my father died when I was 12. God rest his soul. Eight years later, my mom married Tom, my stepfather, and he was one of the first army photographers into Hiroshima. And he had some film that he had that I saw. You cannot imagine what nuclear war is like. Yeah. And you know, you Can't imagine. And, and you know how it starts, What nuclear war is like. And I, Somebody like Putin smells, weakness and like an animal. They can smell it from afar.


Of course, you don't have to be a genius. He was The head of the key gb. He can, he can figure out weakness. Right. Let, let me tell you something. This let's just, I I'm already off the edge of the cliff. That's right. Sarah will Forgive you. I'm just seeing this cackling n income poop sitting down with Putin. I mean, and you know, Tim Walt prancing around in the background. No, It's Terrifying. You know, I mean it's just, it's it's, it's so ludicrous. I I know it's ludicrous. I have sat across from Vladimir Putin multiple times, many times I've interviewed Him. At least this guy's killer man. But, but by the way, he's, But lemme tell you something. Like he will eat her alive. He will have, are you kidding? Seen through her a mile coming there, her little cackle and her weird word salads to buy time with him.


There's only so much he can script out a meeting like that. It's really frightening. And, and I'm, I'm afraid that, that, you know, there's an old expression. Once you, once you squeeze the toothpaste outta the tube, it's hard to get it back in. And. it, it's interesting. Have you ever been to Las Vegas? Of course. Yeah. Okay. Las Vegas was built on a 1% edge. Basically those casino, 1% edge. In Other words, if you play blackjack Yeah. And you play it perfectly, I don't mean count or do anything else. I think their edge is something like 0.0 0.68%. That's the house's edge. In fact, they drop 32%, which is almost, you know, six eight But.


it, it's about, you know, it's an astonishingly bigger number than what the odds really are. 'cause people just play badly. But the bottom line is the biggest decision they made in Las Vegas when the mob took over Vegas and so on. And then they said, look, the smart thing is let's not cheat. Because if you cheat, if people go in and they get cheated, they're just not gonna go back. We already have the edge. They built that entire city on an edge, mathematical edge of all the games that they spread of basically less than 1% on the average, it only needs 1% to tip it. Donald Trump won the 2016 election by 10,000 votes in Wisconsin.


All they gotta do is have a car show up with a trunk full of ballots. And I'm not saying that they cheated in the election. I'm not saying that are You're Scared, you're scared about this time. Is that what You're saying? Well, that's a separate issue. Lemme just say this. Only 25% I think it is membership of the NRA is registered to vote. I Know you're worried about gun rights. Get out and vote. No. What about Catholics? Catholics get Out and vote. There are some 30 million Catholics who are not registered to vote who could tip this thing in an instant. So here's get out there and voted their principles. If you get over the edge, look at California. I said, don't we have the death penalty in California? We have the death penalty. Yeah. But Gavin Newsom is, is not gonna support it.


He has a mandate again, like, I'm sorry, we voted for that. That is the law of the state. How does he just get to cherry pick which laws he wants to enforce? How is that even possible? You don't get to pick, you know, pick. Okay, great. Then I'm not gonna, you know, I'll just, I guess I'll just carry a bazooka around in Chicago. I mean, of course I'm not gonna do that. This is No, but this is how we wound up with I How do you get to pick and choose what you, what the laws are. That's why we have over 10 million illegals in under Joe Biden. He just chose not to enforce the border laws. Yeah. 10 million. I'm sorry. Let me correct you. Yeah, well, 10 million that we know of. I mean, quote, documented that the border patrol has counted 10.4 million. Wait, I just wanna bring you this, this breaking news.


Okay. Is this, I'm, this is coming to me as we're sitting here. Am I reading this correctly? 'cause I'm reading my producer's note that the Washington Post has chosen not to endorse a candidate. Yes. Yes. Wow. Yep. WaPo publisher, William Lewis and Chief Executive Officer of the Washington Post, the Washington Post, will not be making an endorsement of a presidential candidate in this election. Following on the heels of the LA Times doing the same. Yeah. Nor in any future presidential election, we're returning to our roots of not, not endorsing presidential candidates. Oh Yeah. Just in the nick of time. Wow. Wow. That been a shocker. They of course, they've been endorsing, I mean all Democrats, just looking back, of course it was Biden, Clinton, Obama, Obama, Kerry Al Gore. Yeah. They've endorsed every Democrat for president of the last 50 years.


They're like pouring flu except through caucus in 1988. Yeah. So the Stephen L. Miller, who, who's he? He comes on the show. He tweets out Kamala Harris. He's Hitler, Washington Post. Yeah. We've thought about it. No, we're still not gonna endorse you over Hitler. Sorry. Yeah. So this is actually really interesting because they're, We're not gonna endorse you over Hitler. Yeah, we're not. But we totally believe you. Like he definitely Hitler, you're so ridiculous. He's Hitler. Sure. But no, so ridiculous. But the same thing is happening right now where we are in la The LA Times. Yeah. For the first time in years did not endorse a candidate And. it was because the owner who's seems to be a more middle of the road guy Yeah. Said we're not doing that.


And now you've had like the top person in the editorial board resign saying, oh, it's too important. Yeah. As if the people in California don't understand how the LA Times editorial board feels about Donald Trump. Yeah. It was either that or his Buck Club plug fell out. I mean, I'm sorry. You know, these guys, I'm so sick of them. Oh, I'm gonna go off into the hissy fit. Great. Halloween's coming up. Get ready to put on your Tina Turner outfit and go on Santa Monica over. Well, lemme tell you something, you know who's gonna hire this woman because Oh, newspapers are dying. She should have been happy to have a job she's been working there for. It's ridiculous. The past, past 10 years or so. It's ridiculous. Good luck finding another job. Yeah. So she left in a hussy. And now we'll see what happens at the Washington, the Washington Post Not endorsing when the start deserting the sinking ship, you know, you're in trouble. They're Deserting.


It's happening. I mean, they're really, because they don't wanna be like, oh my God. I mean, they don't wanna have to, they don't wanna have for their historical posterity. The fact that they literally endorsed this clown show. Know it's a clown show. I Know you can tell. It's, I mean, by the way, you Dishonest About it a right. You have a right to vote for whomever you want. Thank God we're in America. And there may be, look, I know that, you know, women have very, very strong feeling about certain issues. I'm not gonna call 'em reproductive rights 'cause that's not what we're talking about. We're talking about abortion, you know, and so on. Abortion is legal in California, so I don't know what they're upset about.


It's a state's right issue in many states, surprisingly, even Ohio, you know, say, yes, we're gonna have abortion in Kamala Harris cannot help you. If you are an abortion voter, she cannot help you. It is now back in the States, you need to think about who you vote in, in your state legislature, in your state gubernatorial races. She cannot help you any longer. That's, that fight is done at the federal government. But, but if you have a daughter who wants to cut her breasts off at 14 years old because somebody in her class told her that, you know, she really is a boy and so on, co Harris will be right there and hand you the scaffold. 100%. 1000%. So I like your attitude. I feel the same as you do. I don't totally understand why you'd vote for Kamala Harris. I really don't quite get it. I don't think the Americans who do it are evil. I do have a real problem with a lot, lot of our leaders who pass these insane policies and then we have to live with them.


And they don't fully research what they're doing to us. Or they do and they don't care. But I don't feel the way John Meacham feels. John Meacham, who is this famed writer Yep. And historian who goes on Morning Joe, every day, every other day. M-S-N-B-C, who's supposed to be like the sort of one of those big, you know, godfathers of voices in America, who's gonna like, set us straight when we're going astray? Oh, Thank God, thank you. Listen to his, his take. Okay. On what America's about to do. Even he can see it coming. The American people are on trial. And if we we're on trial, choose if, if it's efficient number of us in a sufficient number of states choose to ignore the evidence that as the Bible says, those with eyes to see and ears to hear can detect, then there's no, we have no excuse And we deserve what we get.


We're on trial, you see in this election. And presumably we are guilty if we vote the wrong way. Well, Here's what he said. If the Bible gives us eyes to see, any ears to hear, well, as we used to say at MIT, these things are blatantly obvious to the most casual observer. Okay, I have ears to hear. I can hear her cack her way through an answer. What do you think about X, Y, or Z? Well, a reason I don't have a position on that is I like to analyze things. I'm quoting Kamala Harris now I like to analyze things. I like to take time. I like to research the fact I'm not going to give a clear answer. First of all, she's not gonna give a clear answer. She doesn't have a clear answer. She's woefully unprepared. And as my beloved brilliant wife always said, she is also willfully ignorant.


You have two choices. She is, you're voting for Kamala Harris. Okay? You're either genuinely stupid, I'm sorry, but it's true. Or you are willfully ignorant. You cannot listen to this person who doesn't have the courage to go before the pre Donald Trump goes before the press a thousand hours a week and lets them eviscerate him and comes back with an answer and goes to McDonald's and serves and just kills them with a meme. You know, she doesn't do it. What are we gonna do when Putin's ballistic missiles are coming over the North Pole and Kamala Harris is in the White House going, ha ha, cackle cackle. Let me look up the research on this and I'll get back to you. The audience, come on. They know.


I mean, they, they know. They can tell. There's, here's okay here to Steve Kracker pulled this this morning about women in the final New York Times fall, as I've told you, it's tied 48 48, which is bad for her because Biden was ahead of Trump by nine points when he beat him last time, which was only by about 70,000 votes. And he was pulling up nine points over her. So she's tied right now. What does that tell you? So Trump's up 12 points with men. He was up six in the 2020 poll. So that's better for him. Kamala's up 14 points with women in 2020. Biden was up 23 points with women. And there's an interesting interview with a woman, 27 years old in Georgia who voted for Biden in 2020.


But she's going for Trump this time in the Times quote, I was very, extremely disappointed in her response to the immigration issue. And when she was first elected, that was one of the things that she was tasked with handling. And she accepted the responsibility. And then every time she's been asked about it or pressed about it, it's just attitude giving in return. Well, here's what she says about it. Basically, when on day one, I'm gonna close that border. And I wanna say, sweetie, you've been the def facto president of the United States for the past four years. Well, the husk is out there at the beach sitting in the sunshine talking about the glory days with corn pop.


I'm sorry. You are, you know, been president. So see, you know, we've had 1400 day ones. I got a great idea for you, Kamala, Madam Vice president, since you're in charge right now, it's day one. Right now it's, Hey, it's 9 28 on the East Coast. Get down there and do your job and close the border. Do it. Oh, I can't, I gotta think about it a little more. I gotta have a policy meeting. Yeah, I gotta a policy because I'm a nerd. Oh yeah, let's do that. I'm a nerd. Okay. She's had day one for 1400 miserable days. Here's the good news, here's the good news. Both these candidates have shown us their stuff.


Donald Trump was president of the United States for four years. Kamala Harris has been our defacto leader for four years. She's certainly been the border for the entire four years. Which way do you like it? An actual border like other countries have, or this slop basin that the bottom half of our country has become. You know, the only time the Democrats finally woke up when Greg Abbott, God bless him, said, you know what? Let's let you guys see what it's actually like. 'cause your sanctuary city, Martha's Vineyard. Jesus Christ. I'm surprised they didn't have machine gun Tur it. That was DeSantis. I Think the man, they swept their asses right off that island.


Yes. They were like, let me introduce you to the glories of Greyhound. Yeah. Be I think you're gonna love it. It's, he gets to change the seasons up there. Oh my god. Martha got a water View. Can I do this show just every day? Yes. Every single day. Can I come back? Come Co-host it with me. Alright, standby. Make Jim, Jim and me. I am gonna take a break because we have Shooter Jennings here too. Oh Yeah. The the best. You may not you, you, you're here to promote something. You, you know, you're, you're, I appreciate just talking news. Well, I think, I'm hoping what you're gonna do is, is listen to what we did with this album a little bit and, and just let us talk authentically about what We've, that's what's happening next, what we've done. All right. So we have to take a break. We're gonna come back and then we are going to reveal the big surprise and maybe let you hear a little That's next.


Don't go away.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That's somewhere, someplace somebody stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners. And it's a risk for anyone who owns Property House stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, and then they take out loans against your property, or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan to get 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan right now to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan, M-E-G-Y-N and Home Title Lock dot com. Or just use the link below.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Who the O's. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER


Back to the Megyn Kelly Show. James Woods is back with me now. And also Musician Shooter Jennings is here as well. These guys have been working together on the autobiographical album. Hear The. Thunder Crack. Alright. So I love how you met. And first of all, thank you for the restaurant recommendation on where this all went down. So explain how it happened. You've never been to Dantana's. How could you not have been to Dan's? I I'm not cool. I don't, I basically stayed Home. Oh my God. You're the most uncool person on the face of the earth. I'm sorry. That's true. Shoulda true. Shoulda gotten the main nanny. But anyway, that's a reference we'll have to explain later. Commercial discussion. Yeah. I mean, look, we, we, we talk about it on YouTube. Basically Sarah and I are, we're just totally worried.


We go to Dan's the minute it opens. First of all, Dan and I have been friends for a million years. We used to play golf every day. He's the sweetest guy. He went back to Serbia now to, to retire. Sonia took it over and every day I go at five o'clock with Sarah because nobody's there. It's just, I packed later. So I love it. Doug and I would have dinner with you guys at five o'clock. Totally. We would totally do it. Anybody with kids is on board with this plan. It's perfect. We go there, sitting in there. My picture's on the wall. I'm a menu item. You're famous. Pathetic. I'm like, I'm like, you know, Don Rickles or you know, so Joey Bishop. I'm, I'm Veal florentina. So it's absurd. It's almost embarrassing, Lisa. I love that you are the politically incorrect meat. It's perfect. I'm perfect. Yeah. Oh yeah, of course. Veal.


And we're sitting there one day we look over and speaking of hot blondes, there's this ridiculously hot blonde. And this I see from the back, this like guy, cool guy, cool, obviously cool. Like he is now Uber cool and we're, you know, checking him out and doing what you do at five o'clock. And I'm thinking, okay, the question was, are they just getting up and coming for breakfast or right. Older, not, you know. And while we're looking, Misty as it turns out, goes, oh my God, oh my God. Jumps up, comes over. She goes, my husband loves you Shooter. And he shy. He comes over, Hey, how you doing? You know, I go, hi, I, I said, I'm sorry we were staring.


I mean, I'll be honest, we were staring. 'cause Misty's really a package. She was used to it. And Sarah and I will look and say, look man, she is like, she's like Anna Nicole Smith, by the way, they're, one of their dogs is named Anna Nicole Oh. gosh, we've since become amazing. Incredibly close friends. The four of us we're the Colombo four. Another thing we have to explain at, anyway, they come over, we start talking, and I, 'cause I'm an idiot, say, so we were trying to figure out like music or you know, movies, music. And I, he said, my wife Misty Sue Misty Jennings, and I'm Shooter Jennings. I go, oh yeah, music. I said, rock and roll. Or he said, well, you know, more, more country-ish, but everything idu.


I said, oh. I said, oh yeah, country Jennie, you know, there was a, there was a whale in Jennies. He goes, oh no. Yeah, my father. I go, yeah, I, I knew that. You know, so, you know, I mean, here's his heritage. Why is he called Shooter Jennings? Because Pete on the nurse. No, Really? Yeah. Yeah. But wait a minute, Pete on the earth, his father, who were the two guys when his mother, Jesse Coulter, country Outlaw had him, who were the two guys in the room? Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash. So he leaves that part out. Wow. And then pees on the nurse. And wasn't Johnny, oh, that's, Johnny wasn't there when I was born. Oh, he didn't, that was later. But, but But, it was my dad. And he said, oh, the kid's the shooter.


That's spectacular. So everybody thinks I'm like a tough guy or something. So you Start talking to James Woods in this restaurant, Dantana's, right? Yeah. Right. Okay, I'll, I'll get cooler. And If they don't buy me a free meal after all these flavor, seriously, we should never sign a check again. And you start to talk about like, then and there the possibility of a Collaboration. No. You know what actually can, No, that's for a shooter. Let him talk. You listen to him. But I never did the talk. Yeah, that's right. No, no. You know, like, it didn't start immediately. I, I, first of all, like growing up, like I, you know, I I loved every movie that he was in, right? I mean, I remember The Hard Way was like one of the first R-rated movies I saw when I was young. You know, sorry, I'm not saying not that, hey, there's, you know, the age gap gets smaller when you get older.


But, but, but he, you know, when I was young it was just like video drone and these movies like that were just massive for me. You know? So I was always just a follower of his, I loved his films, you know, so, so here we are meeting and we just started talking about all kinds of stuff. Like I'm, I'm a nut for Old Hollywood. I'm nut for like Charles Bukowski, I'm not for all this kind of like h Hollywood stories in the thirties and all this. And we just kind of instantly fell into these conversations. And then it was just pretty quick that he just revealed that he played guitar and that he was playing around with the guitar. And, and by this time he had told us like 50,000 amazing stories. By the third or fourth time we'd been to dinner and they, and I was like, you gotta write this down somehow, you know, that's what, that was what my initial thought was.


But then he started writing these, this, these like long poet poetic pieces. And then I just started playing around with them and turning 'em into music. And then it just kept working, working, Wait, stand by. Okay. 'cause I like this part of the story. So then he says to you, why don't, maybe you could shoot me some lyrics. Like you write something down and shoot it to me. Right? And you're, you're excited. You're like, oh my god, okay. Shooters Jennings is asking me to write some music. Wow. But, so I go home and I dunno why, but his wife's name is Misty And. it was just in my mind. And I lived in Laurel Canyon when I was young, young actor. And you know, it was back then before the internet, before any of this stuff, people just hung out. And Laurel Canyon was this kind of cool place, you know?


I mean, it was right after the Manson killing. So there was also kind of creepy and all this stuff. And I remember one day I got up on my little deck of my little house And. it was very foggy. And I thought, oh man, just don't let the sun break through yet. You know, just, you know, just lemme take a breather before the day starts. And so I thought the first word I ever wrote as a musician was misty. And Misty morning, you know, when the sun and early morning dies in sorrow and quietly fades before they once more onus before the world invades. And then I just kept writing and I sent it to him and didn't hear anything for like a month.


And I said to Sarah, I sent lyrics to Shooter Jennings. He's got three Grammys. I am such a jerk, So humiliated. I'm just, I'm just honest to God. I was like, literally had my tail between my legs. And then I'm walking one day and in the living room and I Was it like an MP three Fox? Yeah. And I touch it and they go, all right, I've been smoking all day and my voice is shit, but I'm just gonna tinkle his hair on the piano. It's kind of a stream of consciousness. James, I hope you, I hope you don't mind, but just, you know, just like a little demo here. I don't know man. I hope you like it. Boom.


Now David Foster said, this guy's an unbelievable composer and he wanted to buy the song for Josh Groban right away. Wow. And I said, well, you know, I'm never leaving Shooter. But for those four minutes, it was literally the turning point of my life. And in the intro of our album, I talk about F Scott Fitzgerald saying that there are no second acts in American lives. But at that moment was when the second act of my life changed. Well, the real second act was when I found Sarah. Aw. And Sarah and I got married in, in Arizona. I love Your love for her. Yeah. And you know who our officiant was? Who? I married him.


What? He married us legally. He married us. Wait, when he became a minister to marry us Recently. Yeah. We All have this. Were you not married to Sarah when I saw you in July? Wait, when did you get Yeah. Yeah. We've been married for A couple years. Couple years. Oh, okay. It's couple years. Okay. And, and we all have this Columbo session and he wrote the most wonderful vows and at the end of it, she was dressed as Priscilla Presley. She played, you know, God only knows was her wedding vow. And we were out there with a cactus. It so beautiful. And he, he did this whole thing And. it was great. And you know, I now pronounce you man and wife. And so we started to walk away and he said, oh, one more thing you may kiss the bride For, for anyone who knows what Colombo is, that's what he would always say.


Oh, that's right. You have to know that. You have to But it. He would always say Just one more thing. Yeah, One more thing. And then he gets you catch The Fa buy. Yeah. It is funny. That's right. It seems like colombo's too soon for you shooter like that seems like It would be used before your dad. No, I watch with my dad. My, my, he loved it. And we used to watch it whenever it would come on. And so I've, I've watched every episode I have. Like, That guy would never get a TV show today, And it. Like he was such a weird looking dude, but he was perfect for that role. Yeah. He was so great. But he's such a Good actor here watching. He was like the one eye over there. What, what, How, how had a, He was just right for, yeah. Alright, so when you got the lyrics, were you genuinely impressed or were you like, oh, I kind of said, I'm gonna have to do something now. It's James Woods, so No. No. I don't ever usually do that. You know, I don't, I don't go down the road if it's not something I feel is real is real, you know?


But, but with this I, I, I just, when I read those, you know, what I noticed is okay, he's not, there's no choruses or anything to any of this. It's not like a normal song, you know, it's kind of like this, this poetic a song thing. And so I just kind of, when I, when I'm reading it to myself, it, it kind of reminded me of the, the cadence and phrasings of like modern Bob Dylan records. Like the more modern things. Wow. Like, like Tempus and all that I praise, you know? Well, I mean, it's just like I could, I could hear the words flowing the way that he, I don't know if you guys have ever listened to like Tempest or, or Rough Rowdy Ways. He's got a song called I Can, I Contain Multitudes. But it's like a really interesting lyrically the way he kind of weaves things.


Even that Murder Most Foul, that 16 minute long JFK assassination song. It's like very, I mean, He's won a Nobel Prize for his writing and he Didn't show up. He didn't show up. They couldn't even find him cooler. He Didn't show Ups. Even cooler though. He's like, it barely registered that I wanted the best. He was my favorite. So we have a sample. We, I don't think we have Misty Morning. We have Hollywood Kills Everything. Yeah. What did you hear this, the sax on this? Oh My god. Okay. We gotta please ab still on Maryelle. Just the title alone is fantastic and I, I feel like I get it. Yep. Let's listen a little of, so Two Mercury, I mean I'm kind of imitating Dylan there, you know.


Yeah. It's working. Hollywood kills everything. Ah, such a cool vibe. And by the way, that photograph was taken by Sarah. She did all the photography on the outfit. Is that right, Sarah of Megan, huh? Yeah. Dare I say. Well, not that photo. You sound even better than Dylan today. Oh, today? Yeah, for Sure. No, you can't say that. That's Blasting. I know. It's blessed. I love, that's how I feel. It's very cool vibe on there. So you guys didn't get in the studio at some point and your heart must have been a flutter James. Well first of all, the process is weird. I wrote every word on this album. Shooter composed every note and sings it.


You, you go in the studio and I'm thinking, this is weird. Making an album sort of my life, my words put to music. Have you ever been in the studio? Professional musician. He plays the demo on the piano, can't remember plays the piano. I don't think I have. They sit there with a piece of paper and you know, you know, and they just put numbers down 'cause it's like, you know, the number one chord, the four chords of five chord diminished whatever, or flat whatever. They do all that and they play the song out of nowhere. They hear it once. It's like, What? Yeah. How do you do That? That's, well, here's the thing though. I brought all the lyrics, which nobody ever does. They just let these guys play. And I said, here's the story behind this and the, the, the crux of this story.


There's a, there's a lyric in here where it said hello the starlet said with iso baby blue, give it to me big boy. You know that I love you. You jump into a cold dead heart. You can hardly wait. Give me all your money, honey. Heartbreak is your personal fate. Okay? So it's really about kind of what our business is. But there was also the story, and I'm gonna do the whole lyric. The little girl jumped from the sign, it was like a lighthouse from the shoal and so on. It was the Pegan whistle story. Pegan Whistle jumped off the Hollywood sign and committed suicide because her career was essentially over and didn't know that there was a telegram at her house. She had just gotten a big role in an MGM movie. Mm.


And yes, it's a, it's a heartbreaking kind of jazzy story and, and so on. I mean it's, you know, it's what I say, they don't here, here they don't. It's a swamp of creatures. Vial. They don't gut you with a bl rusty. They don't, they don't gut you with a rusty blade. They do it with a smile and so on. Oh wow. And he, In news, they use the rusty blade. Yeah, yeah, That's fine. Yeah. But, but think about what he had to do. He gets these complex, weird lyrics, you know, you know, and it's like he's now gotta fold them into music. Right. It's not like they write the music. Do I did all Do Did you have to talk to Jimmy about this? Like what, what, what is the vision? No, he, he's a magic box Box. He just Go with it on your own. He Send the music and a year later it comes back.


Or two days. One day he wrote three songs. He composed three songs. I wrote 35 songs in three weeks. Oh My Goodness. He composed three of them in one day, And. it took us four years to do the album. I go, Sarah, I think the shooter hate me. She goes, no, he's busy. He's like, just me. Grammy Award. He's on the road with Brandy Carlisle, he's with Man Manson. Marilyn man, you know, come on, he's working. I go, he hates me. No, he doesn't hate you. It's great to know you have these same insecurities that the rest of us have. Yeah. So I wrote a song called Wallam Lake, which was for my father. We used to go fishing in Wallam Lake, which is my, you know, when the world stops spinning and time at last stands still when in a moment you are gone.


Will I hear the whipper wheel? Because he used to, When I was little, we'd go fishing together and he'd wi whistle like the whipper wheel, whipper will whipper and the whipper will would answer back. And I just thought that was like the most amazing thing because I was eight years old, you know? And then I always, when I'd go fishing, always kinda listen for the whipper wheel. And there's a great moment at the end of the story, which now this old man is sitting on the lake and you know, on a cold gray day. And you know, the light breaks through and I need that ass. Norby told the presence now of you. And from an evening star comes this beautiful whipper will.


And I know he's singing to me. Wow. That is gorgeous. Yeah. He gave you a lot to work with there shooter. Yeah. I, let me get one other track in, because I think the audience will enjoy it. Road back song. This is SAT three. Yeah. The road. Yeah. Yeah. Baby Plus Listen A line.


That's good advice in there. As well as being catchy shooter. Is it, was he easy to work with? Did he want the words to remain all the same? Did you say, well, that doesn't rhyme. Does it rhyme? No, no. I wanted them to stay the same. I made some, you know, I made a lot of edits, like, but not, not to his words. Like, he would really just gimme more material than I, than I needed really. Or, and I would kind of pick the stuff that spoke to me and, and really kind of put that together. But I didn't want to, I didn't want to change it, you know? I thought this is a really unique project. I don't, I didn't really, I haven't put out a record of my own. And since 2018, I've moved to fully producing records, you know, so like, when this came along, like doing, putting another album out wasn't even really in my, I wasn't even interested in it.


But when this, when this started to to happen, and then it started to work and I saw what it was, I go, this is really interesting. Like this is, I've never heard of anyone actually doing this where it's really his words and his life story. It's his perspective, you know? And I, and I was kind of explaining to him why his name had to be first on this record to me, was because otherwise no one was gonna understand what it was like they did. They would have to, like I said, there's a line where he talks about his mom passing away, and it's like, my mom's alive. Like, they, you know, that was the point where you're like, I can't, this ist me. This is him, but I'm singing it. Yeah. You know? So it was really, really interesting. And, it took us a while to figure out how to present it, you know, And, it really, the title came from him. He was sitting there in my studio and, and we were trying to think of like, what to call it.


And he said, you know, he popped out of his seat. He goes, I got it. He's like, here's the thunder crack the life of James Woods sung by Shooter Jennings. And I go, well, there you go. Now people understand exactly what it is. What a memoir, what a great memoir. And in the hands of, I'm telling you, don't be all modest in Yeah. In the hands of a musical genius, a musical genius, a wonderful father and husband, a fantastic friend. He has literally, you're a good man. He has literally shown me the road back. I mean, I don't wanna overstep my lane, but someone could make a movie out of this friendship relationship. Well, they're, we're, they're working on a, they're working on a Waylon Jennings movie First movie First.


Well, this could be part due, you guys. Congrats. Thank you. What? You, what a great idea. I love that you did this. Yeah. Thank you. All right. So wait, say the name again 'cause it's a long one. Hear The, Thunder Crack Hear The Thunder Crack Hear The Thunder Crack. And you can find out where it is on Apple, on Spotify, and by going to james Woods dot com. Very important. No space. All lowercase james Woods dot com. Got it. And you can click, we got, we'll Be Back. Thank you guys.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at bet MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM in game sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Alright, first of all, James gave Jimmy, I'm allowed to call him Jimmy now I feel very cool. Gave me this jacket, which I have to say is amazing. Look it, it says Hear The Thunder Crack on the the front, which is the name of their album. And then you gotta see the back. I'm kind of tethered to this seat, but I'm try look at, ah, hold on. I gotta untether for a second. Okay. There. Can you see it? What does it say? Read it out loud. Steve Hilton Here. The Thunder Crack, the life of James Woods song by Shooter Jennings. Very cool. Fantastic. I mean, I love my new jacket. This, I, I didn't expect to get swag, but swag I have. Okay, hold on. Now I gotta plug back in. You guys are gonna have To Yeah. And I'm very jealous. Where's mine? I Dunno. I lost my cord. It's somewhere there it in my pants.


Okay, there, I'm back. Steve Hilton's here. I'm very excited. Yeah. But with no jacket. I'm sorry. You didn't gotta know Jimmy. I know, I know. I was a little bit late. Sorry. Not I do know him actually. He's so great. He's the best. We've done a couple of events together here in la. He's so Oh, but, but no jacket. He so great, but no jacket, you know. No, Does not everyone gets 'em. Exactly. Anyway, I'm thrilled to have Steve. We've been talking forever and been trying to get him on. He's a well-known conservative voice trying Huh. To fight the good fight here in California. And that is just so hard. So is James. I mean, exactly. It's just, it's impossible out here. Every time I come out here, Steve, I'm like so pretty. I love how everything's sort of like got this art deco feel and the weather. And then you see people like two out of three still masked.


And you say, I gotta get home immediately. Ly that's So insane on their own, walking down the street outdoors. Literally. It's unbelievable Today. I know. It's insane. What, Why I, every time I think that, and I think, you know, I'm tr you know, I'm kind of, you know, we believe in freedom and people should do their own thing. And I don't want to judge, but really I judge, I mean, what is going on? Yeah. I truly don't understand. And, and part of me, I, I see that and I think, you know, I'm trying to be, you know, kind about it. I mean, maybe this is, you know, they have a cold and they don't wanna give it to other, like in, in Japan, that's the true Tradition. You're walking into a cancer wing of a hospital. Exactly. Sure. No, it's insane. I mean, I, I totally, and but it's so interesting because it's part of the whole problem here, which is the ideology just takes over any kind of reality or practicality, and they hear the stuff and believe it.


It's crazy. It's just amazing. Alright. But California, I mean, I remember the days when we had Republican governors out here. Yes. Schwarzenegger among others. It's gone far left. I mean, every, every literally every elected position is held by a Democrat now. But I am I crazy to think there's a little hope. I'm thinking about how they kicked out those school board members in San Francisco. They kicked out that lunatic da chesa boudin. They now have this ballot proposition here. Prop 36. Yes. 36. Yeah. Which is something you and I like. Yes. Very much. It's, it's saying, and Not just you and I, Let's make crime crime again. Yeah. And not just you and I, latest poll 73% Yes.


On that. So it's saying, it's, it, it's, it's gonna allow felony charges and prison sentences for certain drug and retail crimes that were dismissed down to misdemeanors under previous Regimes. So then it's really reversing a lot of the real damage that was done by the notorious prop 47. Okay. That was 2014. Kamala Harris was the state ag, and that's the one that basically legalized theft up to $950. Right. Per day. Every single day. Every day. It's amazing. Still a misdemeanor. And of course, And, and, and so And it not, that wasn't the only thing, but that was the heart of it. So that drove all of what you see in the explosion of retail theft, and then the associated drug crime and all the rest of it.


Right. The chaos on the streets. And so this is not totally reversing it, but doing a lot to reign in. But the new thing thing it's adding is tough penalties for fentanyl and including a murder charge for dealers of fentanyl. No. So I was just talking to a da, a democrat da in, in Ventura County just up the road. And he was saying that their fentanyl arrests have gone up in just, in the last five years, 4000%. It's gone from basically nothing to a huge part of the crime problem. And so finally they're gonna get the chance to charge that accordingly. That's Horrifying. But it's amazing that you've got this overwhelming support. So to me, that is a sign that things are changing. Yes. The other big one, even these mask wearers must be in favor of it. Right. And here in la, the in, in a way, the in, in a way, the bigger one, 'cause it's such a, if you just look at the voting numbers, it's a very Democrat county.


George Gascon, the da, obviously in the news for the Menendez thing, he's going down, I mean, he's down by 30 points. Yeah. In the latest pulp. So, By the way, I wanna tell the audience, we have Mark Geragos coming on after Steve. It's not gonna be in this show that's airing right now. We're gonna drop it, I don't know, later today or tomorrow morning. But he's, he'll be, or tomorrow morning, he's the Menendez lawyer. Right. And so we'll be getting deep into that. But that's a crazy case. I'm, I'm very interested. But wait, I wanna tell you something about the Prop 36. Yeah. So Kamala Harris was asked about this. Yes. And, it took long enough. Right? They, they pummeled Trump over the head with that abortion Exactly. Measure in Florida early on. Like, do you support it? Six weeks? Is it too long? Is it too short? Finally, somebody got around to asking Kamala Harris, are you gonna, you're a Californian, you get to vote.


Are you gonna vote yes on this prop 36 that has the support of over 70% of Californians? And as usual, she, she took a, a really strong stance, and she was totally perfectly articulate with it. Watch, Are you gonna vote on Prop 36 in California? You are a California voter. Do California and other states need to punish drug and theft crimes more harshly? So I have not yet voted, and I have not yet had the chance to read through the ballot. I will keep you posted on that. I'm inspired. That's real leadership. Absolutely stunning. So first of all, of course she knows, she knows, of course she knows this is right in her wheelhouse. She, she constantly brags about the fact she was a tough prosecutor. She was a state ag the biggest department other than the, the Department of Justice federally, et cetera.


Right. So she totally knows what's going on here, here. She also knows that is aimed directly at the proposition that she presided over as ag. That's what it's doing, is reversing the worst effects of that. Of course, she knows. Why won't she say? Because just on ev, just like on every other issue, she is terrified of angering and provoking the far left base of her party and the activist. That's why she can't give a straight answer on a whole bunch of these questions. I wonder how she actually feels, because if she was wa wanting, the, the penalties reduced, she must not be in favor of this. But she's now tried to act like she's John Wayne and she prosecuted transnational criminals who crossed that their border. And so, like the new Kamala Harris should say, yeah, let's go for it.


Prop 36 is cracked down on those criminals. But like everything else in this race, she, she's trying to keep her left flank Exactly right. And not show them like, I'm, I'm with you, but I I'm not allowed to say I'm with you. This, This is the fundamental reason why she's such a disaster as a candidate. 'cause she's just not comfortable being who she, she doesn't really know who she is. She's a transactional machine politician. She's going whichever way the wind blows, whatever's politically expedient. And so she can't say because she's nervous about being herself or telling the truth. I actually think like you, that in her heart, she is pretty tough on this stuff. I think that's really, so She grew up a da Yes. And she wasn't known for being one of these left way. We didn't really have the George Gascons or the Alvin brags who didn't wanna prosecute crime when she was coming up the ranks.


So, I mean, while I don't really give her necessarily credit for that, doing the job of being a DA or a prosecutor is to put criminals in jail. Exactly. So she was doing what these guys should be doing. So I, it, you would think she, you'd look at her and say, yeah, you understand that crime crime is crime And, it needs to be enforced. And yes, but she also was running for vice president and became vice president during the whole, you know, racial reckoning. And then George Floyd happened. Hundred percent. And so, I don't know, because I think Kamala Harris is woke. I mean, who else would stand with these tranny with a beard and a dress on showing their breasts in front of the White House and think it's fine. Other than a woke person. So there's a couple of things. So first of all, I think that she's definitely in, when you look at the, the, there's a really interesting thing.


If you watch all these clips now of these disastrous performances, one of the things that you, that is really striking is how she's just tongue tied. She can barely speak incoherent, unclear, inarticulate. And that CNN town hall, all these interviews, she's looking around, doesn't know how to answer the question. You compare that to some of the clips that I've seen being put out there from 2019 when she was running, when she's taking the left position, for example, on immigration. I just saw one the other day when she's defending her position that illegal immigration isn't a crime. And she was, she's on Pod Save America. So clear, so articulate, passionate. She is Better on abortion. So, So when, when it's a position that's on that, she is more articulate.


So that tells you a little bit about who she is. That's interesting. But on the crime issue, there's another side to which which, when we first moved here, 2012, I was teaching at Stanford at the time, and someone there, she just moved. She's just become state ag. She'd been DA in San Francisco. A mutual friend introduced us and said, I think you'd get along with this person who's our state ag. We had dinners, the only time I've ever met her. Wow. 2012, the first year we were here. And the reason that they thought we would get along, I'd just come out of the British government working for David Cameron, senior advisor in 10 Downing Street and Kamala Harris as dis DA of San Francisco. She just implemented a policy of prosecuting parents who let their kids persistently be truant.


Yep. And her argument was, if you're letting your, if you're not making your kids go to school, you are destroying their life. And I'm gonna hold you accountable and I'm gonna prosecute you. And, it was mainly black parents. Yeah. That actually, so she wasn't afraid of Right. She's come back to haunt her, although not as it would if she were publican. Yeah. The thing is that she took a position there, which you would say is the opposite of woke. She was that. So I think there's a, there's a real complexity there. And the truth is, she just can't be herself because she's constantly calculating. It's, well, that's Where Tulsi was coming at her. There's from, from that debate. She was coming at her from the left. Exactly. Saying You were too zealous as a prosecutor. You putting true and parents in jail. Well, the, The parents is one thing. But the really despicable thing was on the drug crimes where she would punish the low level the users, but, but actually failed to hold accountable the dealers and the big drug.


The worst Though is that case of the one, now he's a of an elderly man, black man who was accused by his stepdaughter of molesting her. And that went up the ranks And it became very clear that the daughter's testimony had been very inconsistent Yeah. About what he had or hadn't done to her. And the lawyers in the case, the DA's office misrepresented that to the court. Court after court has found a problem with the misrepresentations. And yet she refused to do anything for this man to, to take her office off of the case to allow the appeal, to expect to let the man get his day in court so that he could actually, you know, yes. Take on this evidence.


She didn't care about him. And he sits in prison today. Forgive, forgive me 'cause I don't have his name at the ready, but George Gage, that's what it is. George Gage. Yeah. Anyway, she, she's got like, if this had been, trust me, if this had been a Republican candidate with her, my goodness. Prosecutorial, my goodness. Can you, I imagine we'd know everything. Of course, George Gage be d mean, could would household Could spend the whole hour talking about these, these instances. I mean, you know, the, the, the, the child sex abuse, I mean, she goes on about how it was sexual abuse of her friend. Yeah. That prompted her to become a pro. That was the thing that made her become a prosecutor. When she's DA in San Francisco. She took the side of the perpetrators of child sexual abuse against the victims. There was this case, it wasn't when she was there, it was a long running case.


It was the Catholic church and the her predecessor was gonna release. They, they, they, they, they took it, I think it was a Supreme Court decision. They lost the criminal. And then they wanted a civil process. The victims and her predecessor was in the process of giving them all the information for them to take that to trial. She stopped it. She stopped it. And we don't know why. She's never explained why. But the argument in San Francisco was, she was doing it in order to protect her political interests with a very powerful political lobby in San Francisco, the Catholic church. And you've got testimony from the victims. They begged with her, they pleaded with her to let this go ahead. And she said no. So she touts her record on child sex sexual abuse cases.


She also touts her record on domestic violence and, you know, prosecuting the, the offenders and standing up for the victims of it. Except if they happen to be the victims at the hand of her own husband. I mean, this story is unbelievable. And it's, it's growing now. Okay. Because the accuser, the woman who says she was slapped in the face by Kamala's husband a year before they got married. I mean, this isn't ancient history. This happened in 2012. They, they were married, I think in 14 or 13. So yeah, here's a picture she's blurred out because she's maintaining her anonymity right now. 'cause she doesn't want her life to be ruined. She's a successful attorney. She's married now. She's got a great life. And you know, she's gonna have a shitstorm ring down on her if she attaches her name to these allegations.


But I believe this woman entirely, she's putting the story out there. First person with the Daily Mail, she's a lawyer. She knows very well. She's gonna get sued for defamation. If this is not true. No lawsuit has been forthcoming. Steve and the first person testimonial has got some disturbing things in it. Yeah. A couple of points that I just wanted to raise. So she talks about how she met him the first date he brings his son in, who is older at the time, like a teenager, the first date he brings his son to meet her. Now, who does that? Everybody knows you don't bring the children into meet like the new potential stepmother until, that Is weird. I hadn't heard that till just now.


And she knew it was weird too. She felt bad for him. 'cause she didn't want him to just wander New York City without her. She was living in New York and he was living in, on the west coast in, in San Fran. So fine But, it was a little red flag for her that, that he brings his son in. They, the two of them met on match.com. She says, the relationship consisted of an intense few months with Emh H discussing marriage and children. After just weeks, he starts love bombing her, Steve. Which is what I mean, I'm not saying Doug Emh is a stalker, but that's what a stalker and a controlling man will do. They, they don't come on like, Hey, I'm gonna beat you. Or Hey, I, I wanna control every facet of your life and separate you from your family.


They come on like, oh my God, you're so beautiful. Here's the roses. Let's take amazing trips together. Come buy a house with me. And that was the next thing. He brought her out to LA or whatever, I can't remember San Fran or la, and says, I really want you to look around this house with me. And he's talking immediately about marriage and children, marriage and children with her. Like within the first couple of days, he grabs her around the stomach saying, I want more babies. I mean, this is, they're not even dating for a long time at this point. And really wanted to leave his family behind. Then when she got an opportunity in the UK to move there, and he was like, what family? My, my wife's got this and wanted to move to the UK with this woman who's a high powered, I mean, it sounds like a climber.


Right. He's a climber. So then they go to this event. I think the people know the situation where he smacked her. Yeah. It was brutal. But then she talks about how he told her about the nanny and the affair with the nanny. And he, she says as follows, we were in Santa Monica. He was driving his fancy car. And so I just straight out asked him, I feel like you're on the back foot in the divorce. Like you're trying to make up for something. All I did was ask him one question, and he told me the whole story without skipping a beat, staring straight ahead of the road. He tells me he had an affair with his daughter's teacher. She was the teacher and the nanny, I guess. And that subsequently, she claimed she was pregnant. He's telling me this very casually, like it's no big deal.


He yelled at her, this is his account that he yelled at the nanny. He never said that he hit her, but he said he got really angry with her. And that she subsequently called, she subsequent claimed that whatever he did caused her to lose the pregnancy. He said she got a lawyer and was threatening litigation. I was flabbergasted and I was taken aback by how matter of fact he could talk about it. Now we know from the Daily Mail, they went and pulled the police records around, they found out where the nanny lived and that they had a level three alert on this woman's house at the time that she would've been pregnant, potentially having this conversation. Wow. Which involves sirens and lights and emergency response. Wow. I didn't know any of this. Yeah.


To amazing. To the house. So, I mean, there's a real que I mean, look, I don't know this. He denies yes. Hitting this woman. He admits having an affair with the nanny, whether she actually was pregnant. What happened there? He doesn't admit. But I think there's a pattern with these guys. You tell me because there's, I, I've never met a man who hits just the one woman, just the one time. I Think this is the thing that peop that people point out and what, you know, we don't know. And, and all of this stuff is complicated in the sense that it's human relationships. But as you say, there's, if there's a pattern, the point is that the lack of curiosity about this from the media, generally speaking, the fact that the champions of women's rights and all of that stuff are just so casual about this and, and recoil when anyone even kind tries to bring it up.


You saw that the other night on cnn. On cnn. They tried to shut it down. Imagine if this was the other way around. So did CNN's, they had a correspondent on Bill Maher a week or two ago. And she, Laura Coates, she shut it down too. Yeah. When Bill Maher raised it. Well, I haven't researched, I haven't looked into it. I don't know much about it. Why not? Exactly. Why don't you, and then we have to be really careful about going out there with allegations before we verified them. When, have you ever exercised that in the past on cnn? I Know mean, just look what they've done with, with CBS just this week on some of the Trump stuff. I mean, it's just cant completely So glaring the double standard and the lack of curiosity and the fact that they And it just reminds me of the stuff with Clinton. It's just the same, isn't it going back all those years to Clinton, when it's our guy, it's fine.


I think they, they agreed that those were quote bimbo eruptions under Bill Clinton. I think they were very happy to dismiss those women. It's just trailer trash. Yeah. We don't need to pay attention to them. Yes. And so it's kind of interesting because I think that is the media's general attitude. But this this woman is nobody's. Yes, Exactly. I mean, it's interesting. Bimbo, I hadn't, I hadn't read all those detail, read the story yet. I just, She's a sophisticated party. Yeah. And for her, and she's a lawyer. Trust me, no lawyer would be putting this out in writing. They, we would all know we'd get sued to the nth degree. And I guarantee you, this woman will stand by the Daily Mail if they get sued and that she'll give them a sworn declaration. I mean, I think she's ready to fight if he picks it with her. Right. But he's trying to run from her.


Well, They, they, they hope it'll go away and they can just get through the election. And. It'll go away. And. It'll, exactly, it will. I know. I don't think it's gonna actually have much traction if she doesn't come out and put her name to it. That's, I think that's just a reality. Yeah. if she, if she, if you know her name and you see her testimonial, it's very hard to just dismiss it. But because she's anonymous and it's with the Daily Mail, who I love, but, you know, the mainstream can just say, oh, whatever. Yeah. To me it's very disturbing. And yet they're running with these, these claims that have been made against Trump, which are like, I, as far as I can understand, there is a woman who claims she dated Jeffrey Epstein in 1992, just 1992. And that one time he brought her by Trump Tower and that she opened the door to greet Donald Trump.


And before she knew it, he was quote, groping her. She said he kissed her, he grabbed her breasts, gr touched her waist and grabbed her behind. And that, that was kind of over after that. They, it was like a chit chat. They went on to talk like Jeffrey and Trump and this woman. And then she left with Jeffrey. And he was angry because he didn't like how that went. But he and Trump remained friends. I think she says she continued dating Jeffrey Epstein for months. Anybody who dated Jeffrey Epstein for months. But this Whole thing, it's so like hilariously predictable, you know, like, oh, suddenly it shows up, you know, course, couple of weeks before the election of, I mean, just like Trump denies it, by the way. You could've written it. You know, something like this.


Well, You've seen not necessarily all these media companies, like I haven't seen CNN cover that, but I think it was in Variety. It was in The Daily Beast. It was in a lot of these publications that have absolutely no interest Exactly. In, in this woman's story. This, you know, high powered attorney who's doing a first person testimonial in detail with witnesses, with receipts. Totally different treatment. It's very annoying. And I mean, look, we're talking this other woman's 1992 with no contemporaneous witnesses whatsoever. No proof whatsoever. It's just, it's infuriating. Alright, so I wanna talk about the Meltdown because it seems to me the one of the lead, the lead piece in Axios this morning is about how Democrats are now admitting she's gonna lose.


Yeah. We, we realize she might not lose because there's a tie, but she's blown it. Yeah, she has. That's the That's right. And they're all feeling it where I sit. I'm feeling it too. But I also see that the polls are tight enough and her get out the vote effort is good enough. Yeah. I feel kind of nervous about Republicans getting really complacent. A hundred percent. You can't be complacent. But I think that there, there's a couple of things. First of all, you know, I mean the, these, these kind of stories, you know, that the October surprise, that phrase, we all know, it seems to me that the real October surprise is just how bad she is. Like even those of us who thought she, That is so true. That's so Good. It's unbelievable. Like, it's genuinely unbelievable that she, She spoke and we realized That's this bad.


And it's just now in October when she's suddenly out there, 'cause they realized they, I, for whatever reason, the previous strategy of keeping her just doing the rallies wasn't working. Okay, let's get her out there. Now we know why they didn't want her to do interviews. But the scale of the collapse in these situations and the fact that still she can't answer these questions. The, I mean the one about your failings or whatever, I mean, I don't want to get into whether she did, you know, worked at McDonald's or not. That's the kind of question you literally get at your McDonald's interview. Yeah. Like, she would've Failed. You know what I mean? And, it's just extraordinary to me how bad she is that even, even to someone who, who you know, like who's a critic, it's amazing. Well, you know what's interesting, she's not raising the McDonald's story anymore.


I mean, it's just a Joke on the trail though. Barack Obama did. He's been out, he went out and stumped for her. She's going Kamala's going down to Texas with Beyonce, Beyonce to Houston. Which is actually kind of funny. 'cause I think that's where Beyonce's from. And she made Kamala come to her because Texas is not a swing state. I know the Democrats want it to be, but it's not. And They wanna get cruise out. But I mean, come on. I know There's no reason to do this in Houston other than Beyonce didn't wanna put her, you know, any elbow grease into this. Like, I'll do it if you come here. Yeah. 'cause you, otherwise you'd be doing this in Pennsylvania to try to get everybody. Of course. You know, so Beyonce's out, Obama's out.


Bruce Springsteen goes out on the trail, almost brought Wolf blitzer to tears. I'm gonna say he's seen better days. I'm not gonna, I'm just gonna put it out there. Do we have a clip? Let's, do we have a side of Bruce Springsteen? Yeah, let's, let's, oh, just talking here. Let's watch. She's running to be the 47th president of the United States. Donald Trump is running to be an American tyrant. Oh. He does not understand this country its history or what it means to be deeply American. And that's why November 5th, I'm casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz.


I'd almost forgotten about Timbo. I can't believe I know if they're bringing him back Into, I know that's what they want. I know, to your point though, about the complacency, I completely agree about that. 'cause there's two ways of looking at it, which is, okay, it's a dead heat. The poll, you know, the New York Times poll today, 48. 48 nationally, very close in all the swing states. All really close. That's one way of looking at it. And therefore absolutely no room for complacency. Another way of looking at it is that compared to previous results Trump's way ahead of where he used to be. And in every single equivalent poll in 2016. 16. I'm afraid of looking at it like that. Exactly. So we don't know whether the pollsters are more accurate this Time. What if they fixed it? What if they fixed it? That's exactly right. So there's really no, this is what I'm, I'm on the road the whole time in California trying to support candidates for Congress here.


We've got a lot of tight house races. Oh yeah. Also the assembly and Senate for California's legislature. And there's a simple message, you just gotta get everyone out there. There's no room for any kind of complacency. The good news this time is that the GOP really has understood the importance of, you know, how much we don't like the rules and ballot harvesting and early voting and all this kind of stuff doesn't matter. Those are the rules. You got to work with those rules. That's really happening this time. You're seeing Republicans actually getting the message. Trump's saying it. Everyone's getting the point that we have to really, you can't leave it all till election day. So I think in that sense it's be, it's, you know, it's a better machine. It's a better operation. You've also got people like my friend Charlie Kirk, who's doing a great job in with, with his Get out the vote operation, chase the vote.


There's a, there's a lot of effort going into it. We hear that the Democrat machine is bigger, better, more, more money behind it in terms of turning out voters. But again, it's not like the Republicans have just been sitting around doing nothing. And you know, we heard that. We've been hearing that ever since Obama. But you know what happened after Obama? Trump? Yes. Trump happened in 16 right after Obama. Exactly. And he still won. And what they, they believe is, with all respect to Charlie, who is great and has been doing yeoman's work on it, and not just him but other groups, Elon Musk's Pac has been getting people registered and getting out to vote. Trump is a turnout machine. Yes. Trump is the one man turn turnout machine.


That is the belief, yes. By, I think team Trump. And that's what happened in 16. Now it would be nice to have help. And that's why, and that also gets you over the kind of 2022, the red wave. That never happened. He wasn't on the ballot. He Was on the ballot. So that's a, I mean, the Republicans are gonna have to fix that problem. Yeah, Good point. Soon. Exactly. Because Trump is not gonna be able to, the Other thing I think it's interesting in the context with Beyonce and the, and the Trump point is, it's just interesting when you have Beyonce's out Africa, of course she's, it's totally predictable. Of course these Springsteen and whatever, Oprah, you know, it's totally predictable. That's the way it's always been. They Did it for Hillary Clinton too, not it's all the same. All of these same people were out with Hillary Clinton. What's interesting in terms of the culture is that Trump has actually become the kind of count, the, the anti-establishment guy.


And so he's attracting a lot of support in parts of the culture that no Republican ever has before. And the kind of stuff that he's doing this time in terms of the podcast and reaching out to people that no, that the previous Republican candidates would be no chance of getting that kind of support because they think he's cool because he's anti-establishment. And that's the interesting change in terms of the Position of the cannabis. Well, don't think too, he's also doing some an NFL players podcast. But I think part of what Trump is doing, and part of the reason we see such a strong gender divide you, the women are gonna go Kamala for many reasons, but most of all, dobs, you know Yeah. Young women in particular, they want the right to choose. And they do not wanna vote for Republicans who won't say exactly that.


But the reason I think Trump's numbers are going up so high with men. 'cause there are a lot of men who are pro-choice too, is just what we've done to men for the past. Yeah. 15 plus years in this country. But especially the past, like seven, eight. Yes. You know, and, and I don't, I wanna, I don't know exactly when we should peg it, but anecdotally, I feel like it's around seven or eight years where it's, we've just been crapping all over men and little boys. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think of that in our commercials, in our movies, Gillette movies in our, do you remember The Gillette commercial? Yeah, I remember the Gillette Masculinity. I feel like that was 2020 maybe. 2020. It just, you know, but that really crystallized it in a lot of ways. But I mean, I just think that men And it. You know, this isn't racial. It's white, black Hispanic men are sick and tired.


It's not just of being kicked around. Men can take being kicked around of being told you're nothing. Yeah. You're, you're, I think it's really true. It's, it's more than that. It's worse than that. You're evil. It's that you're nothing. Yeah. We don't care about you. You, you can't have a job. Yes. You, you are no longer in the running in, in the American race to improve your life. You're out. It's the same thing as reparations. You know, that earlier generations committed sins that must be revisited upon the present generation. Yeah. Even if they don't have a racist bone in their body, even if they weren't here to, yeah. Their families weren't here to support slavery, et cetera. That's what we're doing to men. That's what we've been doing. And truly yanking the American dream away from them.


And I really think that's what's baked into those numbers. It's Incredibly important. And, and you know, the thing about it is like, and that's why that's a good comparison. And you can take it to so many different areas when you've got something where there's a kernel of truth that people could get behind and support. And when you take it to the extreme, it just goes off the charts and you, you get division. So for example, if you go about, I don't know, 20 years, it's true that there were things that you could do to promote gender equality, to make it easier for women to have careers and so on. I've always been a big supporter of that. That's true. Policies around childcare, whatever it may be. There's a whole range of things. And, and that's great. But when you take it to the extreme and you push it so far, same with with race, it's true that there's a racial wealth gap that actually, if you look at home ownership, small business formation, all these things, there's a racial wealth gap.


But the idea that then you turn that into reparations instead of sensible policies that just help black people along with everyone else, you know, get great results at school. Exactly Right. Get well educated leg school choice. What? So there's good things you can do to promote equality of opportunity in a, in a true American way without going to the extreme of lifting one group up by pushing another group down. That's her whole philosophy. I mean, she's in love with equity. She said it exactly numerous times. She tries not to let it slip out in this campaign. I have to take a break, but I do wanna ask you this question. So you're a Brit when you listen to her talk. I mean, every Brit I know is articulate and well-spoken and can make conversation with ease. It must be particularly jarring to you and your people.


Well, I have to tell you, m Kelly, I'm an American. Right. And You're American now, just To be clear with The audience, with British history Oh, absolutely. And Hungarian, I always wanna throw that. And my parents are a hung Hungarian, so Oh, That's like tough guy. Okay. Exactly. I think it's just amazing actually, when you watch the, especially at this level, right? You're trying to be president at the United States and you can't speak properly. You can't, it's just really bizarre. I Mean, like, what do you think David Cameron would think about? Like, No, it's Amazing. Like when I, who you can name the Brit, you know, every single one of them, they're all able to make conversation with ease and with words, with real words, actual words that don't get repeated over and over But. it makes sense. I like, well, I, I'm talking about what hasn't been done, what we need to still do because it hasn't yet been done. So we have to do it, but it's not done yet.


And It's crazy that you go from Biden, like you, you thought you can't get any worse than that. Right. At least he's got an excuse like he's senile. Right? What's her excuse? I don't know. I mean, that's our debate, right? Is she scared or stupid or Both? Okay. Well, I'm not, I think it's, I'm, I'm leaning into the, the scared of offending anyone. And that, and I, the way I always put it is that is a terrifying characteristic in a president. Imagine that. Yeah. Someone who just doesn't, is so unsure of themselves, so lacking in conviction that they're constantly calculating, how's this gonna go over? Who's gonna be offended? It's the opposite of what you need in that incredibly important position.


I know. I mean, we're actually finding somebody to put up against Xi Jinping. Yeah. To put up against Vladimir Putin, you know, to put up against Kim Jong-un like we do need somebody who's strong. One things that I, I really love about, about how Trump is on, in, in this campaign to, to compare to previous ones, is he's giving us a bit of an insight into how he did the job. He's telling us little stories about how he dealt with these foreign leaders in these situations. Just the other day, he was talking about moving the embassy and how everyone was lobbying him, and all these heads of state and prime ministers were calling him to tell him not to do it, not to do it. He said, tell them I'll call back on Monday. And he made the announcement on Friday. You know, and it's just these little insights. He's not scared of offending people.


He'll do what's right and of you can disagree with it, whatever. But that's what you need in a job like that. You cannot have someone who's so calculating all the time. Steve Hilton is my guest today. The, the moment that really says it all. Andrew Schultz was the one who pointed this out to me, and he was so right. It was when Trump was president, it was at one of those like G 20 summits. And I believe it was the leader of Montenegro who was in front of him. He shoved him, he was like, nicely, but he put his hand on the shoulder and just kind of shoved him back. Hello, we're the United States of America. Don't, you're in the back row montego. Right? Like, I love that.


I, maybe I shouldn't love it, but I love it. So I don't care. I don't, I I'm What do you make of like, let me take this break and then I wanna ask you about the fascist thing 'cause it's stepping up. Oh yes, yes. Mika Brezinski almost had a melt. I mean, I think she might've cried tears on the morning show about Trump. Like they're really ramping it up. It's not working. But I do wanna know your thoughts on it. So quick break and then we'll come back with Steve Hilton. Don't go away.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Back with you Now, Steve Hilton. He is host of The Steve Hilton Show. He's also founder of Golden Together, a non-partisan organization that works to develop and advocate positive practical policy to solve the many problems here in California. I just do wanna read this piece, this, this bit of the piece from Axios by Mike Allen. A growing number of top Democrats tell us privately they feel Vice President Harris will lose. Even though polls show in italics a coin toss finish 11 days from now. Democrats admit they need to be, they tend to be hand wring, bedwetting, doomsdayers. But what's striking is how our private conversations with Democrats inside and outside her campaign, both inside and outside, reveal broad concern that little she does says, or tries, seems to move the needle.


The next line is this, after Democrats spent $1 billion, I mean, I mean your your heart bleed the poor thing. It's, it's, it's, there's some justice and karma to this isn't there because of the, you know, the whole coronation thing and the j it was so nauseating that whole period. Look, the thing about it is that when you see stories like that, I think the first one that really, you know, alerted me to this, I think it was this week, the Politico story, maybe it was last week, about the, you know, finger pointing from within the Pennsylvania Democratic Party. Yeah. Oh yeah. About the operation there being no good and everyone blaming each other. They're blaming one young woman in particular. It's like, how can it be one young woman's fault? But the thing is that what isn't it many, It's so, I've seen so many campaigns, you know, here in, in England, across the world.


And when you see stuff like that, that is the whiff of death about a political campaign. And this story is just so part of that. And I just think it, and, and their desperation now They're starting to stink of it. Yeah. It really is. That is what's going on, as we say. You know, we were talking about it earlier, it's close and no one can be complacent. It's the opposite. Trump's certainly not being complacent. I mean, look at his schedule. Look at What he's doing. He's nonstop. He's Absolutely conveying the right energy and attitude. Now I played the Bruce Springsteen. We also have Mel Gibson going a different way. Should we listen to him? I'm gonna guess Trump. Trump. Is that a bad guess?


I think it's a pretty good guess. Well, what, what do you think the world will be like in a second, a second term with, with president? With the President's Trump second term. Lot of people. I, I, I know what it'd be like if we let her in. Yeah. Oh really? And that ain't good. Yeah. Well listen, miserable track record. Appalling track record. No policies to speak of. Yeah. And the border. Right. And she's got the IQ of a fence post. She said it like it was Okay. Blunt talk. Yeah. I mean, look, I, I think that the, the fact that it's her performance. Just, just the, just the fact that she can't speak properly Yeah.


Gives rise. That's Honest sort comment. That's what's honest. That's, I mean, all you can can think is fence post, by the way. So they seem to be catching him in the airport, which I was just in since I flew out here. Yeah. I made the mistake that I I, I don't want you to make and I don't want any of our audience to make, I was, it was a long flight. It's like almost six hours. I did watch a movie on the plane and I made the mistake of not, I tried to click preview trailer, but I apparently I just hit play. And before he knew it, I was kind of into it because it was starring Jennifer Lawrence who I like, you know, she's pretty, she's a good actress, whatever. Okay. And they said Michelle Pfeiffer too. I'm like, great. Another icon, her Javier Barm was the male lead.


Okay. I've, I've been wa loving him in the Menendez series. He's amazing. It was the worst movie I think I've ever seen. It was called Mother With an Exclamation Point. Okay, good warning. It Was horrid. They were great. They were great actors. I don't blame them. But. it was so bad. It was so weird. It was violent, it was disturbing. And then I Googled it after the fact. Too late. Too late And. it was like, it's all about climate change and how the earth is being killed by the disrespectful. I'm like, well, no wonder this sucked anyway, don't go see it. Don't waste your three hours on the plane, two hours, whatever. I just wanna point that out to you. State As a public service. I mean, Now that I'm in California, I feel the need to opine on films.


I Think that's right. That's what You should be doing. Literally no knowledge of any of them other than the one I just watched on the show. Oh wait, I'll give you one other, actually, I will give you one other. Okay. I did watch that new Netflix Amy Winehouse documentary Back to Black. Oh, a lot of, yeah. A lot of people are talking about that. That Was amazing. She's fantastic. She's, I mean, that, that's an amazing story. The Young woman who plays Amy, I feel connected to her like in the nineties when she, you know, and I was in London then, and really into the music, and you'd see her around bar clubs. Yeah. She was a Brit. You know, it's really, I feel very connected to her. It's very sad. I mean, it's really tragic. She died, it's a terrible story at age 27 of Alcoholism and so talented. So incredibly talented. Like a once in a lifetime voice. Yeah, yeah. Well, the woman who plays her is amazing and apparently did her own singing.


I don't know how they did it because she sounds just like Amy Winehouse and she was incredible. I don't, I didn't really know her from any other work, but she's, she's been in some other things. Anyway, so there you go. There's Little Call me Cisco. Okay. I gave you my, I gave you your thoughts for the day. Okay. The, what is I looking at? Oh, the New York Times poll. Steve, what was the, You wanna talk about the fascist Thing? The fascist thing? Sorry. Yeah, that lost my train of thought. Let's get to Hitler. So I'll get to Mika in a second. I wanna do the fascism stuff. It's amping up and they have decided that this is going to be the theme of her closing message. I know it's amazing when she speaks at the ellipse on Tuesday, even though the data coming out right now show that independents who are being asked by this, like the last, not independence, but undecideds are being asked anecdotally by people like the Wall Street Journal or are pulling them directly, what, you know, what, what works for you?


And they're saying, the last thing we wanna hear is more divisive messaging about the other candidates. This isn't it, but this is, this is good for the Democratic base. So do you think the average American knows what a fascist is? I think they know it's an insult. Yeah. I don't think they process it in terms of anything that affects their life. I don't think so. That's, that's why it's ineffective. That's, it needs to be a word that if you say he's Hitler, we all get it. If you say fascist, it's like even John Kelly when he was trying to dump all over Trump to the New York Times, had to look it up to say whether he was a fascist or not. And it's so, I mean, there's so many layers to it. Like on the one level it's just preposterous and juvenile. It's like a sort of kid throwing out insults.


I remember there's a, there's a mo there's a great movie called Life is Sweet from a great British director, Mike Lee, very on the left. And I remember this movie and there's, there's, there's a kid, like a 16-year-old girl and she's read all this stuff and she's, and she calls everyone a fascist. And again, in this very so high pitch, oh, you're a fascist capitalist, you know, just throwing these insults around like doesn't really know what they mean. And it's like that it's juvenile and, and, and kind of sad that that's, that's what they're resorting to. But on the other hand, it's also desperate. And so you can see that everything else is failing. Well, But what do you say to your California friends when they say he wants to Unleash the military? He's calling people enemy from within. He's saying he wanted to terminate the Constitution, by The way, just to fact check on that.


Terminate the Constitution thing. It was a tweet or truth social post he posted after the Hunter Biden top laptop. Some of the efforts to keep it scrapped and off of the out of the public eye were revealed. And he sent out a truth social post saying, we should spend, should su suspend the Constitution and I should be reinstated. Well look the, the, that, that's the next layer, which is, okay, let's just give, let's just engage with it on the substance. It is just completely ridiculous because they, it's like with so many things, they are guilty of the exact same thing they accuse everyone else of. So they say, you know, going against the Constitution, what did Biden do with the student loan stuff when the Supreme Court told him it's illegal, he did it anyway. You talk about California, Right?


And the Red Abatement program and The endless examples of them completely ignoring the constitution, the rule of law, whatever. You look at California, they constantly lecture us. And this is part of that whole theme, threat to democracy and whatever. Here in California, they've been overturning elections. That is exactly what they've been doing. Huntington Beach, not far from us here, where we're today in la they passed in March a ballot initiative. The voters passed voter id, they voted for it the next day, Gavin Newsom and Rob onto the State Attorney General, sued them to overturn it. Then they put a law, they got their cronies in the legislature to pass a law banning any other place from voting for something that they wanted. That's crazy. And there's another one, there's a ballot initiative earlier this year called the Taxpayer Protection and Government Accountability Act, which would maintain existing protections and add a few more for tax increases that are unconstitutional.


Come the California Constitution. What do they do? They go to the California Supreme Court and bully them to take it off the ballot before the voters have even voted for it. And these are the people that lecture us about democracy, by the way. They constantly go on about the, you know, the Trump's handpicked justice of the Supreme Court to the, the conservative Supreme Court here in California. It's not six to three like you have at the Federal Supreme Court. There's seven JU Justices here in California, six to one Democrats, the Republicans. Yeah. They don't go on about that being some outrageous abuse of power. I mean, the list of things where they're doing the exact stuff that they accuse Trump of, it's just so long. And so even on the substance, it doesn't add up. But the real thing I think is just, it's, it's revealing about, I think, something that's really true of the left these days, which is that they really do place more.


It's, it's about the words. It's not about the reality or the practicality. As long as you say the right words, that's all that matters. They don't even think about the consequences of words and what they actually mean. So they say this stuff that's ridiculous. They're Trying to scare people. They're trying to scare people that they don't know what they're gonna get. They're gonna get some sort of truly dangerous figure in there. But people have Experienced it. That's the thing. That's the problem. They had four years of Trump, and actually it wasn't any of this stuff. It was peace and prosperity people. It wasn't that long ago. They remember their lives were better. And so they're saying, yeah, let's bring the good times back. So all this stuff, I think, is just gonna be completely ineffective, except for people who already believe he's a monster anyway, and we're never gonna vote for him.


You, the level of hysteria has gone to an 11. Yeah. I'll give, I'll give you Mika Brozinsky who is talking about the women. Yes. And how they need to protect the their lives by voting. Well, He's killing Women. That's exactly it. Here, watch, It's important as Trump's fascism is and is the lead story. Every day he is cosing up to dictators, his obsession with Hitler that has now come out, what he has said about our veterans and what he wants to do with the military against his political adversaries. It's all huge news. This is the future that we're looking at in the next Trump term, if there is one.


But this is what voters know right now, that he is killing us and talking about us women. He's killing us. Sorry. I know. It's like Not, not persuaded, But. it Is just so hilarious. It's like you put into chat, GPT, you know, like, yeah, show me a completely unhinged rant about Trump with all the favorite buzzwords. But it's just incredible. It's laughable. It really is laughable. You can't, I mean, I, yes, we should engage with it seriously on one level, because again, this is coming from the people, and she says this like, what on the Oprah thing, which was another disaster, but what, what's the big argument she makes? It's time to bring the country together.


Okay. The last few years. And that's her answer about why, you know, trying to escape accountability for the Biden years. She said, well, since Trump came on the scene, we've been so divided. We need to come together with all about unity. And then she comes out with this right half, and they don't even realize like that, that actually, you, you can't just separate calling Trump a fascist and Hitler from the fact that half, half the country's supporting him. No, that's D So what does About Them? No, that's different, Steve, because what they're saying is real. That's, that's how they think about it's, I mean's I'm pretty sure this is how they justify it in their own, in their own minds. I do wanna show you this one. Harry Anton over at CNN has been, I, yeah, I think he's emerged as the star of this election. I wanna know more about him. I, he's, I'm kind of curious about this guy. I love his accent.


Sounds like he's from maybe Long Island. Here he is talking about how Trump could win the popular vote. Oh my God, that'll freak out. Listen to this. Stop 15. Donald Trump is very much in a position he could win the popular vote, which of course is something he would absolutely love to do. I went back to the time that machin, see where were the past two races at this point in the campaign? Look, Harris in the average poll right now is up by one. Well, within the margin of error, you go back four years ago, Joe Biden was well ahead of Donald Trump in the national popular Vote poll. He was up by nine. Even Hillary Clinton was up by six points. It hasn't happened since 2004 in George W. Bush defeating John Kerry.


And that's only the, the one time that it has happened. In fact, you have to go all the way back, all the way back to 1,988 to find another one when it was George w Bush's father, George HW Bush, winning the popular vote over Michael Dukakis. There, there are some Reasons for this, and I think Democrats heads are all exploding out there watching this right now. Yeah. And Donald Trump winning a popular vote could absolutely happen. You might as well wrap your minds around it now, folks, if you don't like Donald Trump down under the state level polling, and you can see that Donald Trump is doing particularly well in California, Florida, New York, and Texas. Of course, none of these states are really on the board at this point. So Donald Trump may end up gaining in the national popular vote polls, but actually he's wasting votes, which could in fact lead to a case where Kam Harris could sneak by in the electoral college by sweeping those great Lake battleground states, which at this point are way too close to call John.


Oh my God. Can you imagine that, by the way, that something make you feel a little bit old? Was it 1,988 as if it's like ancient, ancient history That, that far ago. Exactly. Where the dinosaurs were still roaming. But that is so brilliant. I mean, imagine that they, they live, If he, maybe that's what he's doing in New York at Madison Square Garden. Maybe that's why she's playing defense with Beyonce in Texas, trying to keep the national vote numbers down. Not that the national vote will determine who wins the presidency, But. it is kind of interesting. But Every Trump, this is the thing, everyone, I mean, I'm on the road in California the whole time, as I mentioned, you see really strong Trump support everywhere. I mean, yesterday as just in, in Santa Barbara County, Trump flags everywhere. What the day before Marin County, one of the bluest in the entire state of California across the 1 0 1 freeway I put out on my social media, Trump signs, let's go brand.


You know, Of course that's okay. In New York City where my friend is, she keeps me updated. Now that I moved out. They've got on the apartments and the townhouses there, little fake tombstones that read like reproductive rights, the environment, like all the things that are gonna die if Trump wins. So it's different. It's different depending on where you are. I hope those Californians get to the polls and yes, very much so. I hope you, you win in all of the ballot things that you're pushing and fights you're fighting. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Meghan. Great to be with you. Great to see you. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet height. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM, the Sports Book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.