
Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Your word is formaldehyde. Can you use it in a sentence? As you're sitting in your basement, you hit your vape, but then your mom walks in, freaks out and starts listing the toxic chemicals you could be inhaling into your body like formaldehyde, which she singles out because it's the same chemical used to preserve your Uncle Rico's funky smelling taxidermy, fox formaldehyde vaping can expose you to toxic chemicals like formaldehyde. No need to spell it out any more than that. Brought to you by the real cost. And FDA.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Tuesday, the fallout from President Biden's pardon of his son. Hunter continues. It's so fun watching the leftist meltdown over this, like the, the wrestling with what it, You know, why, why did he do this to us? Because he's a lying liar who lies, again, consume other media People try to expand your horizons and then you won't feel so stupid all the time.


Can you imagine being one of these viewers of like M-S-N-B-C and that's just your only news source? Like, not, not an ironic viewer like the rest of us. You know who, who like, oh my God, maybe he didn't collude with Russia. I mean, oh my God, maybe he didn't actually do anything wrong with that phone call with Ukraine. Geez. I mean, maybe Trump has a point about the weaponization of the Department of Justice. Geez, maybe those so-called experts who attacked him actually weren't really all that reliable. Like, and now finally, maybe Joe Biden actually isn't all that honest. Is it possible he was intending on doing this? Pardon? All along.


Hello? You don't have to watch Fox. You don't have to watch this show, but you should because we're actually very fair and we're very, as somebody put in our, it was one of our commenters on online, relentlessly factual. Thank you me, Kelly, show viewer. We are a relentlessly factual. You just expand. That's all I'm asking. Expand. You don't have to eliminate ms, but you are being misled on a daily basis. That is why you feel so dumb and confused all the time as these houses of cards continue to collapse week after week, month after month. And by the way, we have an update for you on the M-S-N-B-C ratings.


My God. Okay, so now you've got the New York Times, which is one of the ones that got it so wrong now, trying to like spin its way out of this. You see, president Biden had a legitimate change of heart late on a Saturday evening on Nantucket last weekend under a dark sky. That's, that's how he finally came to this realization. It was totally in good faith just up until the dark sky came. And then there are those who are speaking out publicly attacking Joe Biden for even what they say as a legacy defining Myta. I mean, eh, like, I don't, here's what I think about this legacy defining thing.


'cause we're seeing that a lot of these pieces, these are people who are mad at Joe Biden for not stepping aside earlier. They blame him for the fact that Kamala Harris lost, and while they had to go through a 107 days of he's gonna go on Mount Rushmore for this selfless decision to pass the baton. They really were angry with him all along because they didn't really think she could do it. And they were right. And now they got saddled with Trump 2.0, which they're very unhappy about. So now it's fine to just be like, Biden fucking sucks. And this is as good excuse, excuse as any to say it was the pardon.


His legacy is ruined. You know, we were totally willing to go the Mount Rushmore route. It wasn't because of the loss, it was 'cause of the pardon, because we are a party of principles and we don't break our word. So it's just super fun to watch these narratives take hold. They're all lies. As was Joe Biden's promise not to pardon Hunter, as was virtually everything Hunter and Joe Biden have ever said about Hunter Biden's, Barisma and Chinese and Romanian business deals. So where does that leave us today? Well, let's bring in our pals from the fifth column to chat all about it. Camille Foster, Michael Moynihan, and Matt Welsh, who you can find@wethefifth.com is the education system, the cause and solution to the biggest problems Facing America.


Check out a fantastic podcast from Prager you that is tackling difficult topics and conversations through the lens of education. Real talk with Marissa Stright as a mother, former educator and the CEO of Prager u Marissa believes that education got America into the mess we're in and education will get us out. This is why she built the pro-American nonprofit PragerU into a disruptor in education with videos that reach millions of young people every single day. During her show, Marissa interviews leaders in business education, mental and physical health and world affairs. Her guests have included Tulsi Gabbard, Douglas Murray, Michael Knowles, and more. Together, they cut through the noise and they get to the heart of complex issues, all from the perspective of an educator and parent. Join Prager u's fastest growing podcast. Subscribe to Real Talk with Marissa Streit on your favorite podcast platform, or watch prager u.com/real talk.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Thank you for having us. Thank you. Mary wore on on Anti Christmas. We are noticing in your very Missy set, Really nice. Well, it's December 3rd. I'm leaning in it's time. Do it. Lean Into it. It's not Nancy anything. She's just celebrating Christmas. Matt, we S anti war on Christmas. She's just fighting on, on behalf of Christmas. That's Fine. We say Merry Christmas. Remember that from the O'Reilly War on Christmas and we say Merry Christmas. You'd have to walk into a store and explain that. Although I do wrestle every year with a Christmas card. Like do I put Happy Holidays on there because I'm sending it to Jewish friends too. But in the end I always go with, with Merry Christmas, because yeah, like to your point, I am antiwar.


They wrote the Christmas songs. Yeah, it's fine. Liber And I, I'm playing 'em nonstop. I'm driving my kids crazy. Yeah. Okay, what do you make of my analysis that is just very fun to watch the spiraling of like, oh, he's tarnished the legacy. Oh, under a dark sky. He had a last minute change of heart. Like it's very different messaging depending on which pocket of the Democratic party you're looking at. Anyone wanna take that? Megan, I want to go after your commenter here because you apparently deal in facts, but in your monologue you did not. You said the people who watch M-S-N-B-C should go somewhere else. They have gone somewhere else because no one watches Ms NBC.


So the premise of your your statement is wrong. If people did watch it, I would agree with you. But as we, I assume we'll get to on this episode of the show, there's seven people left watching it. And one of them is, that's it. Keith Berman screaming in his basement. But, And two others are my producers. Yes, getting close. It's the the new view. I think, by the way, And I am totally convinced of this and I'm actually quite serious about this, is that I don't think Joe Biden lied about this. I think that he's so infirm that somebody over the weekend was like, Hey, Joey, B do you remember that you said you were gonna pardon your son? And he was like, oh, yeah, yeah, let's do that. I think that's kind of probably how it happened. I don't think he's having any revelations at this point because we can't hold those two ideas in our head at once.


That he is completely infirm and out of it. And apparently still the President did that person's name rhyme with Bunter. He's an oil expert who works in China and Ukraine. I don't know who he is, but, and artist. Very, very, but he's a brilliant and An artist. That's right. Respect. So show Some respect. The thing that gets me, Megan, and, and it's reiterated the way that you introduced the whole thing, is that yeah, people are like, this is the thing that tarnishes his legacy. There have been more consequential lies that I'm still matter about. I mean, I don't think that Hunter Biden should have gone to jail for lying on a gun application for a, a crime that I think a hundred people, 130 people are prosecuted for each year.


And also a crime that his father enhanced the penalty of going into it because Democrats have idiotic ideas about people and gun ownership. Let's table that aside. A more consequential lie is when President Biden, Jen Psaki and Rochelle Wilensky and a bunch of other people said, oh, we're totally not going to make the covid vaccine mandatory. We weren't, the federal government doesn't even have that authority. They went from there to look, look at what you made me do. We have to do it and we're going to fire people in the military. Tens and thousands of people lost their jobs because they lied about this consequential thing. And having healthy young people take Covid vaccine and forcing them to not giving them a choice is a much more consequential lie.


And you don't see the same wailing and gnashing of teeth among the media because they participated in that lie. I to this day, I mean, I was pointing this out minutes after this news came out, that that is the more consequential lie that I'm, I'm more upset about. And You know, rational people with blue check marks are like, You know, why don't they just take the jab? We still have this mindset in this country that is one of, it's one of the most beneficial things about Donald Trump winning, is that he's appointing a whole pass of people who were on the other side of all of those debates. Not just the lying about it, not just the suppression of speech that came about it, but all of the basic sort of morality of compelling people to do something that they wouldn't, wouldn't normally want to or need to do.


Those lies are more important. So this is a, a guy who's been lying since the first time he was kicked out of running for president guy who as president, how many times does he tell the story about his uncle beating, eaten by cannibals? And people were like, oh yeah, that's, that's normal. The the worst lie that he told in part of this. In, in this. Pardon? Did you catch it? All the way down to the bottom of his announcement, he is like, look, I've always said I I'll be, I've been truthful. The one thing about my life is I'll just be square and truthful to the American people. My dude. No, you have been lying your face off my whole fucking life. Move off the stage. Yeah. You know, to me, what's interesting about it, 'cause like a president pardoning somebody, even somebody who might be a relative, You know, it's, it's a story for sure, but this one's gotten so much attention from the left and the right.


So I'm asking myself like, what is it? I mean, yes, it's sweeping, yes, most sweeping since Richard Nixon. It's for all crimes. It's not just like for the one or two that he's been actually prosecuted or f or found guilty on. So, so what is it? And to me it's, it's just that it, it undermines, it's just the big reveal at the end of the Biden story that he is an abject liar. That all the stuff we've been getting fed about how noble the Justice Department is, has been bullshit. And Biden knew it all along. And like these democrats who were defending that system now look stupid. So they're angry. You know, I was telling my kids a story about my mom.


'cause we did, You know, it was Thanksgiving last weekend and last weekend. And there's a great story. The short version is when my nana was like 90, she died at 101. But this is my mom's mom. My mom and my stepfather were driving my nana to my uncle's house where we all met for Thanksgiving. And my mom was joking with my nan that my mom as a lifelong veterans hospital nurse would that whenever my mom sees a flag out on the street, my mom has to salute the flag, or the VA will track her down the government and get, she'll get in trouble. She's messing with my 90-year-old nana who's in the backseat. And Peter, my stepfather's going totally along with it.


He's like, oh, no, no, it's, it's a, it's a rule. She's gotta do it to my, my nana. And my nana's like, oh my god. So my important hands in the backseat going, Linda, there's one, there's one over there there. And my mom's like, oh, that's a big one that's outside the double. I gotta do the double solution. So, So cruel. So we get to my uncles and we all meet, and my n is like, oh, Megan, your poor mother. She had to salute every single flag on the whole way down. She's like, there's a huge one. She had to do the double slu, otherwise the government, there're gonna get her in trouble. I'm like, no, no, Nan, that's not, it's not true. She's like, what? No, your mother said, so it's true. I said, mom, she think like, and she goes, Linda, Linda, tell her, tell her the truth.


And my mom goes, no, mom, I was just pulling your leg. I was What? She couldn't believe it. She couldn't believe the story. The, the, the truth came out. My nana identified my mother as an abject liar. And the big, the big reveal was had before the Turkey. This is the big reveal before the Turkey, You know, I guess right around the Turkey by Joe Biden. I was lying all along. The whole thing was made up. The dj, the DOJ is corrupt. Don't trust it. It's been politicized. I'm the one who politicized it and all of our protestations that we couldn't say that while Trump was in the crosshairs were made up.


Yeah. Not only, not only could they not say it that it was corrupt, they were insisting it was the other way around the entire time, like Kamala Harris is out there on the campaign trail talking about these active cases. And in some cases, cases recently decided cases and touting all of this as proof that Donald Trump could not be elected and was, was kind of an inappropriate person to elect. While all this stuff with Hunter Biden was just kind of waiting there in the wings and would be resolved. I'm, I'm dispositionally inclined to agree with virtually everything that's been said. In fact, I, I suspect I do agree with it, but I also wonder if there isn't room for us to acknowledge that the political landscape is pretty weird. The climate is pretty charged.


And I've tried to put myself in Joe Biden's shoes here And I think I'm on record as are the, the other two guys you fell down is saying that, Joe, probably you fell asleep. Am I that Joe probably should have done this? Pardon? And that there probably was real opportunity for maybe Joe Biden and Donald Trump to collaborate on something here. Donald Trump is probably going to harden some January 6th people. Perhaps you're turning the page on some of these things politically and you're suggesting, look, the old, the old wars are over. Let's go forward together like we're all Americans. Maybe you could have done that, but that isn't what happened here. Instead it's Joe Biden kind of generally acknowledge, acknowledging that there is some kind of political corruption.


There is a tint, a tinge of it in our justice system. It does seem that impartiality goes out the window when you're a certain kind of person with a certain kind of profile. And to the extent that's true, then maybe that justifies a more sweeping pardon that is expansive that protects you from your political adversaries once they take power. I mean, again, that's a very generous interpretation of things, but it does seem to me that some dimensions of that aren't entirely un unreasonable. I just, one one thing about this I would say is that, that I think is incredibly beneficial is, look, the President, as you said, Megan, I mean, I I don't get incredibly exercised about this. I think it's wrong to pardon a member of your family.


It's, it's allowed, you can do it. I mean, You know, back to Seth Rich and all of these kind of corrupt pardons that we've had in the past, mark. But the one thing is Mark Rich, I'm sorry, Mark Rich. Seth Rich is a, a different conspiracy. But Mark Rich in the end of the, the second Clinton term, but I will say this, that it does have this kind of x-ray capability. So I'm happy they did it because as I think that you might have mentioned, And I saw all over Twitter, there was some brilliant enterprising young person put together a nine and a half minute cut in a matter of what, eight hours of people talking on M-S-N-B-C, on CNN, et cetera, about this harden.


That was never going to happen. And so the fact that it did happen is this great exposure to a number of people that rely on hyperpartisan news sources and people that are just playing team tribal politics. They're saying, You know, this is a man who respects the Justice Department and he would never do something as politicized. And now you have somebody like Molly John fast on M-S-N-B-C getting the news in real time and just stopping and saying, can I process this? No, no, you're, I got nothing. You have to do it in real time. That's the job I got nothing. So Right. Like I got nothing. It's like, no, you have something. Yeah. Don't wanna say, say it. That's exactly right.


Is the thing that's been great about this is if for your listeners to go find this nine minute cut, I found it so compelling, and I can't remember who was the, was was Weissman, I think was the worst of them all on M-S-N-B-C. You know, these people just like going so over the top of this is the fundamental difference between Wonderful. No, I'd love to I president, I'd love to have been in the anchor desk. You know, when Molly JG Fest was like, I, I've got nothing. I'd like, I'll give you a minute, find your balls, come back and we'll continue the discussion. Like, I understand you need a minute, but there's, we played that yesterday, so if people Yeah. Wanna hear it, you can listen to that Anne Weisman.


But here's a good one from Dan Goldman, who I used to know a little bit when I was at NBC is such a transformation. That guy, when he was coming on, when I was at NBC, he was trying to be like this moderate, I think at the time he was a more moderate guy, then he ran for Congress and went far left and insane. And his Biden defending, it's just such lies. So here he is on CNN here with Brianna Kilar, who makes him watch the old cliff of himself watch. Great. In July of 2023, just after that plea deal fell through. This is what you said. I wanna watch, Do you think a pardon for his son would be a mistake stake? Yes. And I don't think there's any chance that President Biden is going to do that.


And Merrick Garland kept on a Trump appointed US attorney to investigate the President's son. If there is not an indication of the independence of the Department of Justice beyond that, I, I don't know what, what we could look for. What does that feel like watching yourself back then? Reassuring people that Biden was not going to issue a pardon for his son. Yeah. And I think that if that plea agreement and that plea deal had gone through, there would be no pardon, that was a satisfactory outcome. It had already fallen. It had already fallen. Sorry. She said it was good for her.


You took him at his word. So what does that feel like knowing that he's gone back on it? Well, as I said, I I'm, I'm disappointed that after the plea fell through and it became clear about why it did, including Republican congressional intervention in this case, which made this case very unique, That that's all intervention. Everything he said happened, happened before Joe Biden promised not to. Pardon? So that was just spinning, spinning, spinning. It's so fun to watch him squirm good for her.


I've criticized her a lot and she deserves it. But that was a good moment. Like rub his face in It. It was too long of a question. By the way, don't ask somebody how you feel. Just say you took him at his word and then let them respond. No, I don't like that. How you feel. I kind of, how does it make you feel? I Kind of liked it. Have different, have a different Make I feel bad, rub their nose In it. Go and had any, like, any confidence, You know, or any sense of honesty. He would laugh. He'd be like, bad. I I feel embarrassed. Yeah. I, You know, like Correct it, he could have put it on Biden. He could have in that moment, put it on Biden and said he embarrassed us, Saul, those of us who believed him. Yeah. But he is just, here he is again, just doing the president's bidding. Even if you want, if he makes himself into a, yet again, the court gesture.


Imagine how much better politics would begin to be in this country. Or not even politics, just sort of political culture. If we re imagined or re reinstated the idea that once in a while, at least you say, gosh, sorry for lying. Whoops. Sorry that I, something that I asserted turned out not to be true. A prediction I made was wrong. I mean, I predicted that JD Vance wouldn't become the Senator of Ohio 'cause he wasn't a talented politician. I was wrong. I probably said something like that on the show. Sorry. Wrong. That's why we try not to make predictions, but like to actually carry water for a politician and then be confronted with it and you just kind of keep carrying water. I mean, let's keep in mind that the reason why that plea di plea deal fell through is 'cause it was a weird plea deal.


It was a strange deal. Yeah. It was. It tried to do for him what this Pardon, pardon did for him. Exactly. Yeah. Wipe back totaling crime. Yeah. And going back to 2014 is a pretty weird thing considering that we are talking about tax fraud and a gun charge. And so what are we, why and why are we putting the judge into position to decide whether the terms of the plea deal are being met or not? The judge was rightfully scornful of that fact. All of that looks bad. And this whole clothing that Democrats do and media does of, oh no. We are the ones who really care about the rule of law and the norms.


We're not gonna hear much about norms for a while. I, I do predict, but we care about all that stuff. Again, they have already swept under the rug that back in February when Robert Hur came out with this report about why we're not gonna prosecute Joe Biden for the documents case. What did Democrats do then? Did they respect the independences of the judiciary? Did they say, oh, just a professional over here doing his work? No, they threw him led by Kamala Harris under the bus for daring to suggest in February of the year of our Lord 2024, that maybe Joe Biden is kind of too old to be prosecuted. 'cause jurors would think that he's an old man who's forgetful. They absolutely threw him under the bus, called him a Republican, said this and that.


They did that in real time because it was politically expedient. That's what politicians do, whether they are democratic politicians or Republican politicians. The very few repub politicians at all that deserve anything like respect from normal human beings are ones who could occasionally admit error and act like decent human beings. Dan Goldman can't. Yeah, I would say one on norms and institutions is the new experts. Right? It's just we stopped believing those terms. Like stop throwing those at us. Like, no, no one believes that anymore. Go ahead, Moynihan. Yeah. I just think it's worse in a way because he has an out, You know, when Matt says liar, he is not a liar.


He didn't lie about this. He trusted someone, he trusted that what Joe Biden said was going to be true. And you can come on the other side of that as you pointed out, Meghan, and just be like, look, You know, the president made this promise to us, to the voters, You know, Jen Psaki on her show on M-S-N-B-C, KARE Jean Pierre in front of the lectern every day promising us that this wouldn't happen because it stinks of corruption. Y you, but people are too obsessed with their tribal politics and people like independent actors. When Jared Polis comes out from Colorado and says, this is no good. And you see him get leaped on by all of these people that are within the firmament of, You know, democratic party politics and machine politics.


But you gotta look at the voters, the voters don't like being lied to, and there's no way around this one. The liar here is Joe Biden. If Mr. Levi Strauss Scion to the Fortune wants to say Dan Goldman, You know? Well, yeah. Dan Goldman, by the way, is just like you And I, he's says Scion to the Levi Strauss fortune, And I think this his great grandfather that was like the president. So this is like a lot of money for a lot of years. But just like you And I, he could just say, look, I was misled on this. I mean, who do you have Ty to? Joe Biden is leaving office. He's not going on Mount Rushmore. He might go to Round Mount Rushmore just for a visit, but he's like, just gonna wander around for a little bit.


That'd be fun. They gave us Kamala Harris, which is a total, total disaster. The Democratic party is in the point, like a baseball team that goes in the last place. It's a rebuilding year and it's totally fine to throw Joe Biden under the bus, but there's so thing up back up A hundred percent A habit thing where they're just like, we gotta go out there and protect our guy. It just makes you look stupid and it makes you look untrustworthy. But is how Much of this is, You know, I wanna read to you guys some of what the, the New York Times said about this in their attempt to cover it up. But before I do take a look at Dave Portnoy and his meltdown in response to this whole thing, Your brain is broken.


Your brain is broken, you don't get it. Because here's the thing, what the Democrats have done for, I don't know, 12 years have taken this moral high ground that we're the righteous party. The truth, honesty, integrity, and Trump is a threat to the mark. He's Hitler and he's a Nazi and this and that. And then the Democrats, Whether it's the primary or this time, and again, they're worse than anything Trump's ever done. So if you're like ba, ba bah, ba it is not that. It's the lecturing, it's the Democrats. This engine just lying straight to our face pretending they're the moral, righteous authority and thinking the American people are so stupid that we don't see through it.


Blow up the Democratic party. You guys are fucking scumbag liars and you prove it. Yeah. Time and again. And this is just the latest and a long line with Hunter Biden. Yeah, I would pardon my son too, if I had one. If I could save his ass too. I just wouldn't lie about it. Like you guys. Exactly. Fucking scumbag liars that could, I can, I can relate to that guy sentiment. It's Massachusetts, man. It's this like a guy on the street in my home stay like, dude, this guy's a fucking liar. I can't believe it. Like, it's just this, the accent from Dave Portnoy convinces me of everything he says. Yeah, yeah, no, I know. It's, I'm, I'm very much in, in line with that thinking like it, I'm the whiff of corruption, all of that stuff.


Sure. Ultimately, though, he does have the, this presidential prerogative here. It happens to be his son. The actual issue is the way that you went about this, the, the lying, the dishonesty. And perhaps it's also also fair to flag the overstatement on the part of the people on the left who were like, oh, look at this, this very honorable man who could never possibly do the thing. The bad, the most bad thing. Which definitely separates him from Trump. Eh, actually it's very different. And actually these cases, okay, What about this Camille? What, what if it's not lying? What if it is as the New York Times has told us, just a change of mind, a dark sky had fallen over Nantucket, Massachusetts on Saturday evening when President Biden left church.


What a godly man alongside his family after his final Thanksgiving as president inside a borrowed vacation compound earlier in the week with its views of the Nantucket harbor. Miss Joe Biden had met with his wife Jill Biden, I'm going into Hollywood. 1950s accent. Yeah. Wow. Mid-Atlantic Accent. And his son Hunter Biden to discuss a decision that had tormented him for months. The issue, a pardon that would clear Hunter of years of legal trouble. Oh my God. Something the president had repeatedly insisted he would not do a pardon was the one thing he could do for his troubled son, a recovering addict who he felt had been subjected to years of public pain.


Oh, giving home that red scare hooch again, Megan, I gotta say. Yeah, I mean, You know, it sounds like the Philadelphia story, like I can't believe it's Nantucket haba. See, but also you're in Nant Harbor and you're being defended by the Levi's Scion. It's like really relatable. I'm sorry, other parts, Massachusetts. That's what's killing me about this Dave Portnoy. It's the non Nantucket versions. Yes. I appreciate that. That's right. No, but that's, Lord, this is what I was saying yesterday. Like this is what gets to me. You know, And I told the audience, they, they know the story, but like, I'm not the only one. Millions of people have this in their family where somebody, You know and love got swept up into the opioid crisis.


That wasn't hunter's thing. I mean, he was a crack cocaine, whatever. But You know, my sister actually legitimately got caught up in the opioid crisis by a doctor telling her this thing was not going to be addictive. And then it was, and really never righted the ship again. You know? And she died two years ago at age 58. And I, I'm just, it, it makes me so angry because she had no advantages like this. She did not have a presidential connection, nor did my, You know, place in the public sphere or my financial resources save her. She didn't have the connection she needed because she, there was some petty Annie crime that she got involved in, basically like a shoplifting thing.


But anyway, my point is it wasn't like a massive bank robbery, but once you have that on your record, you're effed change your life. She could just never get rid of it. She couldn't get a job. Even when she got clean and sober, which she had been for many, many years, by the time she passed, she could never get a job once it's on your record. And they want us to feel sorry for this rich, spoiled fucking brat. Hunter Biden, who's had an entire life of privilege as the son of a senator, the son of a sitting vice president, the son of a president who had every advantage in the book and squandered them all after exploiting them to the detriment of our country with his dad's hand guiding the ship.


And now we're supposed to feel sorry for these two. Well, I don't at all. And the New York Times doesn't get it. The thing that you are talking about, Moynihan, the thing you like about Portnoy and the thing that you're picking up on in, in what I read the dark sky in Nantucket at the, after leaving the church, sure. His final Thanksgiving is president inside a borrowed vacation compound on Nantucket, like with views of the like shut up. No one in the country who's sitting in jail or whose kid is about to go to jail for a gun charge or tax evasion or drugs gives two shits about your problems.


There's a guy sitting in jail, my colleague at RE and Jacob Sm, who's one of the best journalists in the country for my money, was wrote about a really good piece about this. Pardon? And all the hypocrisies of it and the dissonances and the things that Biden has talked about that are lying, which is, goes way beyond just his saying that he was not going to do it and then doing it just the way that he characterized Republican pressure, this and that. But there are people who are in jail right now for serving four year sentences because they lied on their application to get a gun about being a legal in their state cannabis user. That's it. They weren't a crack head. They weren't going down the slide in a way that Michael Moynihan still feels pretty envious about.


They weren't doing all the things. They didn't get a cushy job at Barisma. Well, their dad was in charge. The dad, the vice president was in charge of the, I don't know, Ukraine portfolio in the Obama administration. Speaking of which, I mean, is that good parenting? Let's see, I've got a troubled fail son over here. He's going to get a job that he would not otherwise get unless I was vice president, perhaps with his portfolio. It has nothing to do with any of his skills. I'm gonna sign off on that and give him a high five. That's not good parenting. Sorry to say that out loud, but it's just not. But there are people who are in jail for stuff like this. Wouldn't you think that you might go out and find a few of those to pardon as well?


Yes. Maybe have second thoughts about you wanting to increase the penalties for these types of things because you hate guns so much. Right. And no, he's not taking that opportunity. And this, and this is one of the infuriating things about all politicized pardons. And of course Donald Trump did political pardons as well. And he is about to do some more. I'm sure the problem with that is that there are genuine people who should be pardoned. We've seen the last three presidents deserve some credit for pardoning, some amount of people. It's not nearly enough for people who are languishing in jail for things that we no longer consider crimes and were never violent. You should be spending your entire presidency doing that.


But particularly after you have pardoned your fail son and lied about it while doing it and cloaking at the mantle of truth. Go out and find people who are in jail, who are less reprobate, crackhead and get them out of jail now too. Yeah. And Biden didn't just sign Trump. Trump did criminal justice reform when he was president. Yeah. I mean he, You know, I mean that was a lot of people who were affected by that. Forget the pardon power. He actually changed the law to let some people outta prison. A lot of them. But Biden's done nothing. Biden tightened these laws, these very same gun laws that wound up coming back to haunt his son. And now, and then he gave him a pardon once he got convicted of the damn crime and wants us to feel sorry for him. This is more from the New York Times Moynihan. Mr. Biden's decision has tarnished us, us a storied public legacy storied.


I say that began more than 50 years ago. It began more than 50 years ago at a hospital bedside of two sons who survived a car crash that killed his first wife and young daughter. Several people close to Mr. Biden said the decision created a conflict between two core identities. The anguished father trying to protect his son and the president who takes pride in standing on principle, He's a man. I just wanna do everything. The Kate Hepburn accent that relates to what you were saying, a about your sister. I mean, this is a thing that most people are very reticent about saying and and talking about.


But I think it's kind of necessary at this point. The, we all know somebody. I mean, I know people very close to me who have gone through very similar things. Drug addiction, You know, in trouble with the law, et cetera. And I'm not talking about myself, Matt Welch, but I know other people close to me. But, You know, if they were to lean on these things in their life, in the mistakes that they made, people talk about this as a tragedy, as an addiction, all true. But in times when you actually have to also say, we made mistakes. I made a mistake as a person. I'm trying to correct that mistake. And they have, don't have this kind of, You know, excuse factory.


So when you think about Joe Biden, and again, this is the thing that people don't want to say 'cause it's kind of, You know, impolite to say, so it's car crash, it is a bow in Iraq. It is hunter's drug issue. I get that these are very difficult things for a family and my, I have an enormous amount of sympathy for that, but I start kind of losing that sympathy when it's deployed. Not mentioned, but deployed is the correct verb. It is like it is deployed in a political way. I mean, we've all been through this and it doesn't resonate. Right? The reason it doesn't resonate is because we don't get out of trouble. We don't get board seats on Ukrainian energy firms with no background in this.


We don't get art shows despite the fact that our art is absolute garbage in any, anybody with any taste in art understands this, this like, he has had a path out of this for so long. Joe Biden was Scranton Joe working class man who took the, the, the Amtrak every day. I don't buy that, but okay, let's grant him that his son was not, these are people who grew up in extraordinary privilege. I just made a joke about Dave Portnoy, You know, the non Nantucket versus the Nantucket. Dave Portnoy, I don't know if people remember this, but he got stuck in his boat off of Nantucket this summer, which by the way is shows you, you're not a blue blood, you have to call the, you have to call the Coast Guard.


But Dave Portnoy is like a, he got rich later. He's like a working class guy with a working class accent. And we have sympathy for him. We understand somebody who's made it. And we look at someone like Hunter Biden and Joe Biden, You know, scratching his chin saying, what shall we do with Dear Hunter when he is sitting on, You know, in his mansion, in a borrowed mansion. By the way, he didn't buy it. Compound please, like Barack Obama did. But that Probably owned by Jim Biden, who's also going down. Exactly. Is that the next pardon, by the way, is that the next blank check? Pardon. Hundred percent. By the way, if I were Trump, I definitely pardon myself in the wake of all this. I would, and then we'll have weeks of stories of whether pardon can be given by President to himself.


But I I would be partnering myself now, I'd not forget the J six defendants. I'd definitely be partnering myself and saying, these people are lunatics. Even Joe Biden admits they cannot be trusted. They've already said that they want a dismissal without prejudice of these federal charges against me f them. I'm not putting myself my why should I, why should I have less protection than Hunter Biden? I wanna play this for you guys. Chuck Todd, he's, he's in the Catherine Catherine Hepburn field. When he looks at Joe Biden, or at least, at least he was four years ago on Joe Biden inauguration day. Listen here To watch Joe Biden today. It was such a stark reminder of, of how as a country we do seek out whatever we think we were missing.


You know, whatever it is we thought we were missing in the previous president, he is the better angel. President Joe Biden believes he's, he's eternally optimistic. He's not cynical. The guy's been in Washington so long, you would think, You know, some of us, you're here too long and, and you become cynical. He's never cynical. He's still thinks the better angels exist. And it was just such a, such an important moment. Geez. Okay, standby. Standby. That's the, that's the, my boyfriend's so hot and dreamy. He's never gonna cheat on me portion of our story. And here is the expected epilogue.


And there is, you wanna, you wanna read, you wanna, you wanna get angry just as a, as as somebody in, in just all these mixed emotions. You read the Halle Biden transcript and that's Bo's widow. Yeah. Yes. And, and essentially he turned her into a crack addict. And this was all happening in 2017, 2018. And Joe and Joe Biden were so concerned about their family that they decided to run for president. Yep. Ooh, I just, so when you talk about the word selfish, I I, it's almost like the word doesn't. I mean, I, their decision to run for president, put the entire Democratic party and the United States of America in the position that it's in now.


Geez, My, my boyfriend isn't loyal. My boyfriend did. My boyfriend is bad. God Don't fall. Chuck, who doesn't have a show who's just in front of some weird screen with the changing landscapes behind it with crystal, Aliza like word. Right on. Like, is that, is that, what, is that what makes the difference? Is that what like flips the switch from like obsequious to honest like all of a sudden? Yes. And, And I mean, Matt, earlier in this conversation, you, you mentioned like how Joe Biden just kind of signed off on hunter's joining the family business in which he and his uncle like fleece foreign governments for tons and tons of cash because of their connection to the president or then vice president. Like he didn't do just do that.


He also lied about it a lot. I don't know anything about this. I've never been in part participated in any of hunter's meetings and we actually know that those things are fundamentally never Been in business with my son. Yeah. If you're gonna talk about the political dimensions of this and kind of bring in all of the family matters related to it, you probably ought to mention that fact as well, that this is dog Joe Biden for years. Not just Hunter Biden, but Joe Biden because he has been so reliably dishonest about it, misrepresenting the degree to which it stinks of corruption and it reveals something really filthy about the way he and his family have profited mightily from his time in politics. Not just good old fashioned public service.


Like all of that is part of the story as well. And all of that in, in, in many ways is a tale as old as time, but it's also Joe Biden's story. That is who he is. He was never the savior of democracy. He, he was never this man who was pure, but he s cynic driven Camille. Let's, like he was always this guy too. He's always lied. That's what you do in politics, suppose. Yeah, he's definitely not cynical because when your son joins the board of a Ukrainian energy company on the heels of an uprising in Ukraine in which victory kovich is shuffled off to Moscow and there's a lot of tumult in the country, you as a father who as Matt pointed out your remit is the Ukraine portfolio.


You don't have the power to say, at the very least, son, this looks really bad. Maybe, yeah, maybe you shouldn't do this. Maybe don't do this. Not maybe don't, don't do this. I'm the vice. Just give to Uncle Jim, don't do this. I tell you not to do this. But there's no cynicism in him. Like They said to Iran and Hezbollah don't. Yeah, please don't, don't, I mean, this wish casting is unbelievable. I have to say that I hadn't seen those two Chuck Todd clips one, because I'm not on FaceTime calls with Chris Aliza. I think it's the only way to get that one. If you were actually, I presumed, Megan, you were actually on that call. Yeah. In your screen recording It. I'm time my producers earn every penny of their salary. Good lord should get hazard pay for watching that stuff.


But the, the first one, I mean, it is so obsequious and over the top and fawning and wish casting. This is what we, this is not what is going to be he, but, but he's claiming that this is the truth, right? We have seen through his tenure in Washington, this is absolutely baffling to anyone who's watched Biden's tenure, is that he's not cynical, he's not a creature of Washington. He's managed to stay above the fray. And it's like, and then to go four years later and be like, oh, by the way, he was running for president because his family was in trouble. And by the way, his, his son was smoking crack and having a relationship with his dead brothers widow.


I mean the, it's the most ins it's it a Mexican so opera, right? It's so insane. And you didn't know that at the time. You didn't see that at the time. 'cause I'll tell you what that would be. That would be like the most cynical thing I can think of to run for president for that reason. Well, it's interesting to see, like for some, I don't know if the, the truth is finally becoming apparent, You know, like the Chuck Todds of the world, the Jared Polis of the world se Senator Michael Bennett of Colorado, a Democrat, he's criticized Biden, go take a look at his, his the comments under his tweet, they're killing him. The Democrats are so angry they're, they feel betrayed that he would criticize Joe Biden over this. So some, some Democrats and, You know, media commentators have spoken out like that.


Like this is bullshit F him, what has he done? And then you have the New York Times with Under the Dark Night started 50 years ago, man, tormented, by the way, just for kicks. Here's one more of those. This is ABC's Mary Bruce and sought two. Well, this is something that President Biden and this White House were adamant that he would not do. But this morning with just weeks left in office, the president is now protecting his only living son with a sweeping pardon. The about face comes just weeks before President-elect Donald Trump is set to take office. Trump has vowed retribution against his political co slow motion, co slow motion and has repeatedly bashed Hunter and the Biden family accusing them without evidence of corruption, without Evidence, evidence.


Wow. Wow. We pivoted to a without evidence from Trump. Yeah, we gotta, without evidence, yes, in the middle of Trump's fault, No evidence of corruption against the Biden Son. The only living son, by the way, is gross. I have to say. I know that, that once again, it, it, he uses it and so do his media enablers. They also use it. But anyway, more importantly, I just wanted to show you a, a little bit more of Doc ni to 50 years ago coverage from ABC's Mary Bruce. But that, that brings me to something I think is special that you're really gonna enjoy. And that's from your friend and everyone's Don Lemon. Oh boy. Good morning. Elimination.


I missed you guys. Did you guys miss me? No. What's Good For the Donald is good for the Hunter. So if you're gonna talk about selective prosecution and you're gonna talk about law fair. Okay. That's why I said Joe Biden should use it too. And also this whole idea about a president having complete immunity. Well, maybe Joe Biden needs to do some shit before he leaves because if he would just be immune, What, What if he jail Donald Trump for, I don't know, January 6th. I'm just saying, How do you do that? What's good for the Donald? What does that is good for the injury, Joe Biden Going on.


The economy is messed up and they're paying more for goods and they don't, they don't even care if their family members are gonna get it deported. They don't care. Says, oh my God, I can't believe that the what happened with the gas prices? Oh, don't do the voice talk. You know what? I don't drive. I take the subway. Y'all wanna have dinner tonight? That's my attitude. That's Michael. And I would help, help them do nothing. I got a fact. There's a sub, there's a subway in Sag Harbor. Say you do you feel enlightened out there? That's lamination good. I kept on thinking that my switched Don Lemon Heads was going, hello? My lemon heads now it's lamination Lemon is, I hope sued.


That was the, I kept on thinking, I mean, I think he was trying to do some legal analysis there. Like I, that's, that's did A great job. That just Jalen, He'd just go over to his house and put him in jail. Yeah, That's how it works. Get all the Sag Harbor subway. Take the subway to Washington. And that is, I you did, you should have shown the beginning of that clip where he gets kicked in the head by a horse because he's just like on the fritz the whole time. I literally thought my connection was going out. I was like, oh, what? I think, I think I lost them because there was what, 10 seconds between his very deep thoughts. I think, by the way, the Don Lemon thing and it's, I feel bad picking on Don Lemon because he obviously has some, some, You know, cognitive issues and the decline has been pretty, has been pretty, pretty, pretty significant.


But I think we, markable first saw that with his interview with Elon Musk And I am watching this and thinking like, how on earth did they keep him at CNN for that long from the black hole swallowed up the Malaysian flight. Gee, This, what could it have been? Wow. I'm, let me, let me really try to think what it was that Oh no. Kept him in his spot as long as they did. Hmm. Oh, KBI Seems to have frozen. He's black and he's gay, as he said repeatedly when he was trying to get them not to fire him. Remember he say that I'm a black gay man? Yes. Slack Cable news Prime time. Oh yeah.


We, every time we try to fire Camille, he says that too. Yeah. So annoying. He, He says, he's saying that he's, he's open-minded. Suddenly he's like gay Adjacent. No comment. No comment. Now Camille used to be spelled differently Because, Because my team is so competent, they have pulled the clip that really sums up this entire thing. And this is really what Joe Biden is doing. And the media is either shocked, horrified, or making excuses for him. But here's Joe Biden, Come on. Flounder. Can't spend your whole life worrying about your mistakes.


You fucked up, you trusted us. That it, that's amazing. Still, still works All these years later. I think there's one point that's worth reflecting on for everybody of all political persuasions, including those who are enjoying lapping up everyone's tears. It's that as soon as you get yourself in the position of this is the vessel through which I can smite the person I hate. So that's what Chuck Todd thought. Joe Biden was on Inauguration Day. I'm sure you called him Joseph Robin at Biden the second to show it. Then you are going to tell yourself a fable about how honor honorable he is and how swelled with emotion and honor America was in doing that.


And you see people invest Donald Trump with the same kind of hopes as they're using him to beat back the left. Don't place your hopes in politicians, people. Yeah. They're going to lie to you. That's what they do. Yeah. That's how they got there. Don't start, you're gonna embarrass yourself. That's a very good point. They, they will disappoint you and they will all lie to you 100%. Unlike the guys from the fifth column, they are staying with me. That's no lie. Don't go anywhere because we will finally get to the Kamala Harris message from Thanksgiving that I haven't had a chance to discuss with anyone. And this will be the first


don't wait. Shop Cozy Earth right now before their most loved gifts sell out this holiday season. We don't want that. What's your favorite Christmas memory growing up? Maybe curling up by the tree. The glow of the lights, filling the room, spending time with family, feeling completely at peace. Cozy Earth helps you recreate that magic by transforming your home into a sanctuary. A haven of calm amidst life's chaos. Their bamboo sheet set is the ultimate in luxury. Designed to be incredibly breathable. It keeps you several degrees cooler for a night of uninterrupted rest with a durable weave guaranteed to last 10 years. It is a thoughtful gift that everyone can enjoy and use every day. And for those slow, cozy holiday mornings, cozy earth's, long sleeve bamboo pajama sets are a must have luxuriously, soft and stylish. They're perfect for lounging in total comfort while making lasting memories with loved ones. Want your Cozy Earth gifts by Christmas? Just order by December 13th for free shipping. Expedited shipping is available through December 20th. Wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth. Head to Cozy Earth dot com slash Megan and use my exclusive code Megan for up to 40% off Cozy Earth dot com slash m. Megyn


Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Well, we almost missed all the fun while we were having our Turkey. And that was another Turkey took to the airwaves and gave her eh, farewell message. I don't know what it was, but it was glorious. Kamala Harris decided to give us an early Christmas gift and to speak out on camera yet again with a little Thanksgiving day inspo, which I really appreciated. 'cause You know, I'd been missing her a little and gave a little message to her supporters. We've pulled a little so you can hear how, if at all, she's changed her messaging. The outcome of this election obviously is not what we wanted.


It is a coalition where we bring people together based on a deep love of our country and our understanding that the strength of our country will be a function of our willingness to put in the work. And that we will do that work with a sense of joy. Yes. Oh God. With a sense of work ethic and understanding. And it's gonna be hard. Oh, but it's good work. It's good work to be engaged in a collective fight for America's future. That we're all in this together and that work continues. The work must continues. So look, we still have a lot to fight for.


Okay? A future where every American can pursue their dreams, ambitions, and aspirations. I just have to remind you, don't you ever let anybody take your power from you. Look this, oh God, this mission that we have. It takes hard work. Oh God. And as you've heard me say many times, we like hard work, Said that work is Good work, hard work can be joyful work Is that Boris Yeltsin? That that is late nineties. Boris Yeltsin slash the person I was across the bar from the other night, it was like, lemme tell you something, we got, don't let anyone ever tell you anyone says that You know that they're drunk.


Don't let anyone ever tell you. And it's like, okay, okay. She's obviously either having a stroke or she's wasted. And I prefer the first one. It's so true. S a Do you have any to Watch her like, go ahead. Go ahead Matt. Just asking the two fellas, if you have any experience of like talking with someone late at night when they're slurring a lot and trying really hard to act like they're not, is that Oh yeah, that's me, Matt wel. Yeah, that's every night. Oh, oh, man. Yeah. Game, game knows game. I mean, wow. Just the, like, the trying to make understanding be really just four syllables. Like you could see the mental concentration. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna, I'm, I'm just, Yeah.


Yeah, totally. She reminds me of this woman, Doug And I were at some party, this is years ago, and she was at our preschool, and she comes up to me drunk, very drunk at this bar, and she's like, I need to talk to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's always a good thing. I You need an apology. And of course you're like, you're forgiven. It's fine. We're good. Right? It was like, get me outta here. She, she's like, no, he's, see, I never liked you. I never liked you. And, but it's always very confusing because Doug is a very nice person. Yeah. But I never like, you Kind the Opposite of morning hand, strangely. Yeah. Is There anyone who can come get me outta this?


Of course. All my friends were over there like, ha ha ha laughing. Anyway, finally, my love Christina came and got me and rescued me from the convo. But my point is, that's who she reminded me of. Like, I to talk to you, like you said. Yeah. Let someone take your power. Hard work is good work. Yeah. It's good. It's, it's joyful. It's the opposite. It is the opposite of the Catherine Hepburn Mid-Atlantic accent of that clear Christmas. She's like, I don't even, I don't even know. But you have to realize something about this. There is one important political point here. Someone watched that, a whole team of people watched that and were like, yeah, that's good. That's good. And they're like, they're like your friends across the bar laughing like, oh shit.


Meghan's dealing with the drunk mom here. That's her staff. Yes. They're like, You know what? Print it. Put it out. Let's put it out. Like just No, no. Cut it. The C retwe It. Fucking put it out. Yeah. The DNC was like, check this out. This is why we lost. And then that, that should have been the caption. Good Lord. It wasn't our fault's. Exactly. Right. And it was just it. She hit it All right, Camille, it was like ambitious aspirations, dreams. And the thing about like, she keeps using that line. She used it in her concession speech or whatever that was after she lost. Like, don't you let anybody tell take your power away from you. Don't you ever let, meanwhile it's like we're literally taking your power away from you on January 20th.


You're losing It out. How much should take her keys Away from her? I'm Sorry. Look at the hiding of it too. I mean, there shot Beige curtains in the back like that. You're matching Her jacket matches her jacket. Yeah. She's hiding in the woods. Hunting in the whole thing is weird. Like all blending her hair, her jacket with her Glock. The best thing is, I know people listen to this on audio only, so I should probably describe it the best is when she puts her hands together like this and, and puts it under her chin for a moment. Wait, Show one hands. Yeah. Is stand here. We get her off camera. It No, that's She did it. Okay. Go ahead. Don't let anyone Oh, I see. Ever do the thing that they shouldn't do because doing the thing that they shouldn't do is bad.


Never, ever, Never do it. It's so, it's amazing. We're gonna do a full like breakdown later as a separate episode of that Pod Save America interview of her campaign team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But have you ever heard so much denial and so many excuses and they knew enough to say no excuses, no excuses, And then they just deliver. You're just making excuses. Tough, tough political America, making excuses, pointing fingers while insisting you're not doing it. And of course, not taking any responsibility for any of the mistakes made because there were no mistakes made. It Was amazing. You ran a great campaign when you listened to it, Camille, and you were like, I actually feel so, I'm sorry. You feel sorry for her. Like she a she had a terrible team behind her.


It as it turns out, it wasn't all her fault. Yeah. Although I, I don't actually feel sorry for her, but I I do kind of get, get a little, but I don't feel sorry for her at all. Not, not there. You had a, you had a dawn pause desperately wanted that pause. Were trying to figure out And you felt sorry for her. Yeah. She didn't wanna she didn't wanna compete for the nom for the nomination at all. She didn't want there to be some sort of open field. No, no, no. Just, just give it to me. Give me all of the things. Hand me the baton. Same way I got the VP nod from Joe Biden. Like there, there's not really a competition, it just give me the things. So yeah. I can't feel sorry for her. I will say though, that my favorite Thanksgiving message was Donald Trump's happy Thanksgiving post, which it was amazing, has become something of a tradition for him.


Like every single one of them begins with a happy Thanksgiving to all, including haters and the losers, including is always, always like the most deplorable people in the world who actually want the bad things. Like, I still want good things for you people too, no Matter how terrible you are. Unbelievable. I, I Camille, I'm glad that you pointed out that. I just wanna point out that he did this in 2013 way before he was running for president, where he said, I'd like to spend my best wishes to all on nine 11 on this special date to the haters and losers too. Always. There's on nine 11 doesn't care the haters and Los Losers doesn't care.


Nine 11, which I took as a swipe at Al-Qaeda to be honest. So I'm on his side on this one. Yeah. I'm gonna interpret that as, as Well from truths. His post on truth social, he did have a hell of a one yesterday. It reads as follows. Mm. Everybody is talking about the hostages who are being held so violently, inhumanely and against the will of the entire world in the Middle East. But it's all talk and no action. Exclamation point. Please let this truth serve to represent that if the hostages are not released prior to January 20th, 2025, the date that I proudly assume office as president of the United States, there will be in all caps, all hell to pay in the Middle East.


And for those in charge who perpetrated these atrocities against humanity, those responsible will be hit harder than anybody has been hit in the long and storied history of the United States of America. In all caps, again, release the hostages. Now 63 hostages are believed to still be in the captivity of Hamas. Of the some 250 who were taken, 71 have been confirmed dead. So we don't know, we don't exactly know the precise numbers of of who is alive, but we believe it's some 63. And this is what he said when he was running too, that those hostages better be released before I even get sworn in. And it's a very interesting situ situation because the Trump base, the MAGA base is non-interventionist interventionalist, right?


They, they really are not very pro-American power and might being exercised militarily. Trump, I've said this before, is a little less that way than I think many in his core base. But this is Trump clearly threatening some sort of, I think, military action. I mean, I, maybe I'm overstating it, maybe it's just some sort of sanction I'm not reading. But in any event, what if they don't release the hostages before he gets inaugurated? Any thoughts? Yeah. Cutter screwed. That's, that's a's what I'm hearing. That's right. They're not gonna be a, a major non NATO ally anymore. They're going to be running into the bomb shelter is the implication of what he is saying.


I, I kind of agree with you, but maybe I would, I would sand off some of the edges on his base being non-interventionist or him being non intervention. I think some non-interventionist did vote for him, but he's always been a jacksonian, right? So he doesn't like nation building. America doesn't like nation building if we're being honest. A a lot of our interventionists and neo-conservative pals still are kind of in denial about that. But it is just true. We don't like Americans soured on Afghanistan. We sour on the Iraq war and we had reason to. So we don't want to go and put boots on the ground, but doesn't mean we don't also want to avoid like punching someone in the face if they take some of our people.


So Trump is a Jacksonian. He's in the Andrew Jackson kind of mold of I will absolutely threaten, I mean this is the biggest, You know, military strike in the history of the world. So he is gonna go like a little bit more than Hiroshima. That seems a little bit unlikely, but You know, he wants to talk very, very loudly and have a stick to Kerry and wave around and then see what what you do. I think you will see a lot of scrambling on the part of Qatar, perhaps of of Turkey as well and Iran. And we're seeing all kinds of, of weird things happening in Syria right now, which is too complex for my little brain to even understand. Yeah. But I think people are, are moving on the chess board very fast because he has a clear difference, not just in the sort of Jacksonian, I'm gonna punch you in the jaw with my whole hand kind of approach.


But the Biden approach, which I think is often misunderstood, has been mostly like, Hey, if we give money to everybody, maybe we just tell everyone to kind of cool it. Just don't get too outta hand in whatever you do. So he tells that message to Israel. He also tells that message to Iran and he tells that message to this guy and that guy, he is sort of like, we want, we want just kind of, can you please contain it? Like we're gonna support Ukraine. But only until after he lost the election or after Kamala Harris lost the election, do we allow them to shoot with long range missiles? And I would imagine that came after having a conversation with Donald Trump. So it's a different thing. It's not containment anymore. It is like, no, don't rile us up. If you rile us up, we will absolutely hit you in the face.


Which has never been Biden's message, but it's definitely Trump's I think that's absolutely right. And You know, there's a, a lot of people that project their own ideas of foreign policy on Donald Trump because of the sentence that you heard, like add infinitum, that he didn't start in any new wars. That that somehow translates into the fact that he's kind of a pussycat on the global stage. I think there's a few things about this. I mean, you think of, You know, K Patel for instance, I mean this is the most MAGA guy that you see on, on Bannon's show and You know, a week ago he's like, we have to prioritize our relationship with Israel. And it's making so many of those people, Meghan, that you're referencing, You know, on Twitter and the rest of it a little upset, a little exercise.


Like this is not what we want. It's like you do remember the Abraham Accords, right? You do see the, the polling in Israel when it came to Kamala Harris versus Donald Trump, who they per preferred by an enormous margin, it was Donald Trump. And they would not prefer that in the middle of a war, in the most brutal war in its history. If they thought Donald Trump was soft on this issues. I mean, it doesn't matter what I mean, Donald Trump is obviously has a flare for, You know, going big and saying, You know, since the founding of the Republic, nothing like this has ever been seen. As Matt points out, I guess that's Hiroshima and Nagasaki together on one day. You know, he's doing the Donald Trump bluster.


But I talked to an Israeli yesterday after this thing came out, after this truth. So someone sent it to him and we were talking and he is a very moderate kind of guy and had this kind of glow on his face. And we were talking about how Joe Biden, Joe Biden never said that. He never came out and said in in, in keeping in mind that of the hostages that are there, there are Americans. Yeah. Or, And I know six or seven, And I know people consider them Americans because they're dual nationals. They served in the IDF and they're Israeli Americans, but they're American citizens there. And has there been a constant drumbeat or any drumbeat coming from that podium that, that Joe Biden's never behind, but I suppose it would be kain Jean Pire saying, give them back and give them back now, or they're going to be enormous consequences.


No, we've seen a lot of fiddling with Israel and like, well maybe we'll have a weapons embargo. I mean, does anyone think in the non interventionist universe that there's going to be a weapons embargo on Israel through Donald Trump? You gotta be kidding me. No, no, that's not gonna happen. I mean, Ukraine thing too, I mean, the Russians responded to his ideas about a peace settlement saying, no, this is ridiculous. And you don't see, you say, this is ridiculous to Donald Trump. He's not gonna like go away into the night and say, well, You know, I don't believe in intervention. I think that, You know, the Russian reaction in the couple last couple of days towards the Kellogg plan of what will happen in Ukraine was one of total contempt. And he's not going to appreciate that.


And I think that he is probably telling in Zelensky in the calls with him, You know? Yeah. You know, amp it up and then we'll come in and we'll solve it. He's not somebody that's like, just lie down your weapons and let's take what, what, what is happening to you right now? That's just not who he is. Hmm. You raise a good point about what Trump is about to inherit, right? So we not only have, yes, the hostages still in the custody of Hamas, but the Ukraine war amping up to a dangerous level right before he takes the office. And then of course the thing in Syria is just, it's almost hard to get your arms around that Bashar all Assad could fall that this sort of dictator strong man, You know, villain in the eyes of America for decades now, how about he's been in the news forever, I mean since I think feel like, I can't remember not having it be Bashar all Assad as the boogeyman of Syria and the chemical weapons and the whole thing with the Civil War there spun outta control.


And now it's like he could go down, You know, one of the major cities in Syria fell to these rebels and one of the, one of the presidential palaces and, but not his, but he could be forced to flee. I don't know where it's gonna land. But then you, you look at who's rising and you're like, huh. Right. The dictator, You know, 'cause these groups who are sort of storming the palaces and taking over the cities don't look all that friendly to the United States or You know, Christians or peace lovers. And yet they're trying to sort of say, we've performed, You know, you could work with us. I like stability is what's best in the Middle East.


That's not what Donald Trump is walking into. No, it's not. And on the Syria thing, just quickly that, You know, the group that is taking over VASIs of the country and, and, and You know, took over Aleppo, which is a city that used to have 50, 60,000 Christians and is down to about 10,000 and they say now, and there's been some reporting on the ground, we'll see how this pans out, that this group has been, You know, broadly ecumenical on their way in. They were surprised that they weren't being, You know, executed, arrested, whatever. There hasn't been some sort of ethnic or religious cleansing. But keeping in mind, Meghan, to your point, these are people, You know, one of these commanders was in US custody at one point in Iraq.


I mean, these are people that have denounced their association with both ISIS and Al-Qaeda. I mean, do we believe that? I very, very highly doubted. But we get back to that situation that people came to in 2006. It's like Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. He was a scumbag and he was the butcher of Iraq for so long. And as Assad, You know, keep in mind that, that he was granted that position from Huff's all Assad, his father, who was also a butcher in Syria. But the Syrians of course, have been supported by Hezbollah and by Russia. Russia's carrying out airstrikes and Aleppo today. They hadn't done that since 2016. So, I mean, this is a chaotic situation that Donald Trump is inheriting.


And this is not one in which you can make a deal. You can't make a deal with these people. I mean, these are people that don't give a shit about America. These are religious extremists On one side, a country like Syria has been America's enemy and Hezbollah who has been America's enemy for a long time too. But they saw the opening and that opening was because of what Israel was doing and what Ukraine was doing. Ukraine had their Russians. That's exactly right. And the Israelis had taken out almost the entire Hezbollah leadership. And so the vacuum is being filled, and that's the Middle East, and that's what Donald Trump is inheriting. And Iran, Iran's eye was on the Israel ball and was happening Hezbollah And I maybe, maybe potentially wondering how the hell it's, You know, Maine proxy got dragged into the Israel Hamas thing when You know, it, it, it wasn't really for a while.


Yes. Anyway, yeah, we, we, like all the forces came together to make things a bit of a powder keg, not a bit of like an actual powder keg right now. And so Trump as much of a deal maker as he is and a negotiator and You know, yes, I think instinctually non interventionalist, but also he doesn't fuck around, You know, he's not afraid to drop a bomb on Soleimani, that kind of thing. He's gonna have to play this just right. You know, because we actually do have a number of conflicts that are begging for our intervention and, and an American populace that doesn't want it. I don't think the American populace wants to get involved in anything involving Iran or Syria or Russia.


I think they'd like to see us out of the Ukrainian conflict. Camille Well, I was just gonna say that we, we haven't even talked about the situation in Asia. I mean, there's, there's a weird Ukrainian connection with the North Koreans sending troops to Russia to participate in that conflict. Yeah. The, the news today about martial law being declared in South Korea and then there's China and there's always China and there's certainly the conflict that's roiling with respect to tariffs and the likely implications for China there. But we're always watching China and Taiwan. So there, there are so many broiling conflicts at this point and potential conflicts. So Trump is really going to have his hands full and to the extent he does have some deal making, savvy would be wonderful to see him deploy it.


I do wonder what kind of conversations he's having with the Saudis at this point, where the Middle East is concerned. I mean that to the extent there were things to celebrate with respect to foreign policy during the Trump administration, like the Abraham Accords and the, the, the progress that seemed to be made. There was something, and it almost certainly prop helped to precipitate the horribleness that Hamas unleashed in, in, in on October 6th. But I do wonder, I do wonder like what kind of conversations are happening there? Because if they can get the Saudis back to the table in a more meaningful way, perhaps that can help to unwind things. But I certainly don't have any expectation that Hamas is actually going to comply with the request.


Certainly the early statements don't suggest as much, But Matt Welsh, that raises such a good point because think about it, we started the show talking about the, the media like, oh, he's damaged his legacy. You know, Joe Biden has with this, with this pardon of his son. He's tarnished his, his perfect legacy. And You know, you were saying this is so absurd. Like look what he did during Covid and so on, and look what he did in the Middle East. Look what happened with, with respect to the US foreign policy during the four years between Trump leaving and Trump returning, You know, things are on fire and there's been no accountability. And by the way, the media doesn't hold Joe Biden accountable for any of this.


There's no talk anymore about the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal and how provocative it was or just, I mean, the abandonment of the Abraham Accords and the, the road that we were on, not toward solving everything in the Middle East. That's two grand a goal, but towards stability there, like I said, stability. So Trump goes back now, it's like one step forward, two steps backward. It's gonna take a lot just to, I don't even know if it's possible just to get back to where we were in 2020 when he was voted out. One thing to think about it is that the Abraham Accords are still in place. They're still strong. They haven't really backslid. One of the first things that Biden did upon becoming president said, yeah, okay, we're, You know, keeping the embassy in Jerusalem and, and the Abraham Accords are still with, he saw the point of it, which is not surprising.


I think that we have as Americans a tendency with some understandable reason, but, but we do it to excess of always casting ourselves as the major player in every conflict like this Happened. But I say one, the one thing I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you finish your point, but the thing, the thing, yes, okay, fine to your point, but the, one of the very first things that happened with Joe Biden was he humiliated himself in front of the ha the Saudis remember he, he, he embarrassed us and himself when he went over there and right after, like he Didn't actively pursue after saying he wasn't gonna Yes, after saying he wasn't. And then he tried to like strong arm them and it was, it was a humiliation. It was another Barack Obama type humiliation for the United States on an international scale.


There's, I I'd, I am nobody's fan of Saudi Arabia. It's a very mild way of putting it. I think they've been, had a very malign influence on American foreign policy. To me, the most humiliating thing that's ever involved with Saudi Arabia is George W. Bush walking hand in hand in his ranch in Crawford with, with, I forget which member of the house of, so that was, but it was just gross to see that happen. And north within it wasn't Bandar Bandar whose nickname was Bandar Bush because he'd been so friendly with Bush family stretching back decades. But You know, this was the country where 15 of the 19 hijackers came from and many of them came to America by working around the normal visa channels.


There's a lot of bad stuff. It hasn't been a great relationship. Every single administration Democrat or a Republican, but to different degrees has been overly reliant. Saudi Arabia always puts itself in the middle of any peace process. Sometimes that works well, sometimes it doesn't. One of the things that they were asking for, for the Biden administration is that they want to become a major non NATO ally as well. That's the thing. They want security guarantees from us in addition to the many scores of billions of dollars worth of hardware that they pay for. And I don't, and they've been holding up a lot of normalization with Israel dependent on that. I don't want us to give them that security guarantee. I don't like the fact that we gave a Qatar that security guarantee they don't deserve it.


And it's part of the, the like, let's have our fingers in every, in every little pie. There are better ways and worse ways to do the Middle East. None of them are gonna guarantee that the Middle East is going to work out well in the end. 'cause it almost never does. It would be great if it did better. I'm curious to see whether the Trump approach to Iran in particular and also to Israel that is much different than the Biden and kind of democratic approach Obama approach writ large. I'm interested to see what, what kind of fruits that yields. And it's also interesting to observe that some of the incoming Trump administration people, including the guy who's the head of the transition team for foreign policy has said pretty upfront, we're not interested in regime change in Iran.


Right? So that's playing to your kind of non-interventionist side. A lot of the people who worry about neocons or American interventionism are always worried about, You know, Lindsey Graham is gonna try to topple it another regime somewhere maybe in Tehran. And I think it's good and right that Trump coming in says not interested, but also laying down the kind of thing like if you transgress against us, it's going to turn out very, very badly for you. I think that's more in keeping with what American appetites and attitudes are. And I think that'll also become true of the Syrian Civil War ongoing. I mean, it's more than a decade now. I can't imagine American intervening in any meaningful sense.


Do you remember even like when, oh God, John McCain would al would go there and he is like posing with guys, like, I found the moderate militias and like, You know, the next day we'd find out that they'd like dismembered somebody on live television. There's not gonna be a moderate partner in Syria. It's just not gonna happen. No government there is gonna be good. It's all going to be a mess. And hopefully Trump has the wisdom not to get in there and medal. I think what he might do is sort of draw according around it and say, don't spill your borders. Whatever you do, You know, be savage to one another, but don't let that spill over here or else you're gonna get punched in the jaw. Just A, just a quick addendum to that, of the things that Trump is inheriting, I mean obviously it was ne it's never mono causal. It's, it's, there's a number of reasons that October 7th happened, but one of them is upsetting that relationship with Saudi Arabia.


As Matt points out, there was a Saudi US defense alignment treaty that people was gonna have to pass the Senate that was about 90, 95% done. But it required that the Israelis say that we recognize that two state solution is in the future, and then it would require Saudi Arabia to recognize Israel and what happened after October 7th. And the upset within the country of making any sorts of deals with Israel has made that nearly impossible. Trump has a very good relationship with Mohammed bin Salman in the Saudis in general. So we'll see how that goes. I mean, that, that I think is one of the biggest foreign policy challenges and in Iran too.


And that's right, you can say that. I mean, there's no idea that we're gonna invade Iran. This has been a, a conversation since 2003. Iran's next. Iran's next. No, but I think that the Trump administration, And I know a number of the people that are involved in the kind of Iran areas of this and know what they believe. I mean, and they will make Iran hurt, particularly with like oil exports and things like that and make the economy hurt. And the, the Iranians are rational. They're very sensitive to things like that because remember, I mean the Israelis just hit, You know, at a hundred some odd Israeli Air Force planes going into Iranian airspace and bombing things in Iran and nobody really even noticed it that if you had said that five years ago, that's gonna precipitate a regional war.


It didn't. It's a very delicate situation, but Trump really, really has his work cut out for him in the Middle East. It's crazy. You think about it, you all right, so we've got Hezbollah, we've got Hamas, we've got our hostages in Israel, we have got civil war in Syria. A mounting to a potential, You know, deposition of Assad. We'll have to see whether he withstands this and who's ruling Syria in the next year. And we've got Ukraine fighting Russia, and as you point out North Korea now sending its troops to help the Russians. And we've got China and Taiwan And I mean, I think almost no American appetite to do much if China goes for Taiwan.


I mean, who they're in a, other than like the most NeoCon of neocons. Nobody wants to see Americans get involved in a proxy or direct war with China over Taiwan chips or no chips. There's just a lot. There's, And I know you could make the case that it shouldn't be handled by truth social, but right now is, is the way the president elect communicates and we'll see. We'll see whether he gets any, any results. All right, standby. We're gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna come back yet another attack drops on Pete Hegseth and we will go behind


it. The October 15th deadline has come and gone. Are you prepared for what's coming? It's scary. Let's do scary and then we'll do the better part. Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Have you missed the deadline to file for an extension? Now that October 15th has come and gone, the IRS may be ramping up enforcement. It's scary stuff. You could face wage garnishments, you could face frozen bank accounts, you could face property seizures if you have not taken action. But here a is the hopeful part. Tax network U S A has helped taxpayers save over 1 billion bucks in tax debt and has filed over 10,000 tax returns. These guys specialize in helping people reduce their tax burdens. So visit tn usa.com/megan or just call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a free consultation. Their experts will walk you through a few simple questions to see how much you could save. Give it a try now before the IRS takes more aggressive steps, take control and visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000


META'S Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


This is an ad from Better Help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer details apply.


Couple things to go over in our last block together. Pete Hegseth for Pete, he hegseth the hits just keep on coming. The latest is from CBS News. The headline is GOP insiders sought, he's removal as leader of Veterans Group in 2016. They go on to say one of those who led the effort to oust Hegseth as the head of Concerned Veterans of America in 2016 was Jessie Jane Duff. That name may be familiar to our audience because she was at some point a Fox News contributor. She might still be, she's a marine veteran and she worked for this group at the same time Pete was running it.


Let's see, they say this is according to multiple Republican insiders familiar with the ve, the events Duff sought HEGs removal from leadership roles in the Veteran's group. According to CBS News, Duff, a Newsmax analyst served as an advisor for concerned Veterans for America while he helmed the organization from 13 to 16. CBS has learned the allegations contained in the seven page report, first reported by the New Yorkers, Jane Mayer originated with Duff. So now we know that the so-called whistleblower who was in the New Yorker report that we got to yesterday alleging that Pete went to a strip club and allegedly stormed the stage. A source close to the situation tells us he was not at the strip club.


It, this is not true at all that he admits to drinking and You know, having drank too much here and there, but that there are specifics in there that are not true and that were said by a disgruntled employee. And now we know who we're talking about. It's Jesse Jane Duff, who does not like Pete and it's probably safe to say he doesn't like her. The report also reveals he fired her from Concerned Veterans for America according to to two sources. And it is believed by his supporters that she's been out to get him ever since filing reports like this one, trying to get a ousted at the Veterans Organization where he was ultimately let go and raising questions about improprieties when it comes to the money at this group saying that they had tons of dough in in the coffers he raised, according to this CBS news report.


Let's see, I wanna get my numbers right that, okay. First it was Veterans for Freedom. That was one of the groups that he became a director at in 2006, an executive director in 2007. In 2008 filing show the organization raised over 8.7 million in revenue, but spent 9 million by 2010. Tax filing show revenue had dropped to just under 265,000. Then they say he started concerned Veterans for America in 2011 by 2016, the year he resigned. So five years later, the organization RA raised 15.9 million and listed 16.4 million in expenses the following year after he stepped down the nonprofit reduced his expenses after major programs developed in the last fiscal year were paused.


Okay, so what we have here is it appears Jesse Jane Duff getting fired by Pete. She doesn't like him. She, we don't know why. It could be this, this financial stuff as she's allegedly claiming, or it could be something else. It could be because he fired her as it appears his side is claiming, but it's another hit, right? It's that he's, he can't manage financial money fi, finance, finances. And in this CBS news piece, they quote Margaret Hoover, who's now host of PBS's Firing Line, who is a former advisor to Vets for Freedom. And she tells CNN that Hegseth managed the organization very poorly expressing doubt that he could run the sprawling Defense Department when he had struggled with a staff of less than 10 people in a budget of under 10 million.


The staff at the Department of Defense is almost 3 million and we have 750 military installations around the world. And a budget of, I didn't realize it was quite this large $842 billion 840, Which understates it actually Billion. Yes. So where does that leave us on the latest with respect to Pete Hegseth? I mean the, oh, as soon as the Jane Mayer story came out, I went instinctively to the usual place of like, oh, there's a Jane Mayer hit piece about a Republican nominee to a thing. So shocked. I probably can shocked safely discount a lot that comes from there.


Margaret Hoover I know And I think is an honorable person. So I will, I will listen to her testimony with interest. For me, the, the baseline with Pete, who I know a tiny bit green rooms, I'm sure we all kind of know him similarly, Megan, you probably know him a little bit more, is that does the sloppiness of his personal life, which normally I don't care about. Yeah, I would don't care about that with RFK Junior, for example, he's heroin addict for 15 years, eh, whatever, You know, my complaints with him are, are separate from that, but it's the DOD. So like do we have a different standard for that kind of sloppiness? I'm old enough and Megan, you're almost old enough to remember the John Tower days back a long time ago where I was like, oh, is he, You know, his drinking issues, is it big enough to maybe make us think that we shouldn't have this person in this sensitive job?


Pete sounds like he's been cutting a swath out there, which, You know, hats off. But do I want Michael Moynihan to be the head of the Department of Defense as opposed to HHS? Why not? Well, because I don't wanna say roach. I mean, is it, because when Megan said the thing about ing the strip club stage wasn't true, I was disappointed. Yes. I was like, oh, that's exactly, I was on his side. And then it turned out not to be true, That was a source that was suit single source. So We've all been there. Come on. I think, I think I, I haven't been there, Moynihan. I think so that's, that's legitimate question worth asking regardless of the hit peacefulness of the stuff that's coming at him. And then just managerial experience, I'm not totally impressed with like, oh he's, they spent $16 million and only raised 15.6.


I mean, welcome to nonprofit world, those are kind of normal. Be if there was really, really lopsided, then we can talk, And I haven't gotten into the weeds of it, but it is legitimate to say to someone who's gonna manage a gigantic organization, what is your experience with managing organizations? Is it good? Is it bad? How big is it? What do people who saw you manage those organizations say? And I have seen a couple of people have said, Hey, he's great, there's no problems. So, but I think those are legitimate things to Ask about. And also, I mean, just the thought that it's like Pete sitting there with his little, You know, visor on and his pencil and his pad figuring out the budget at DOD is not what's gonna happen. You know, he is being hired to do other things there. Correct. That Trump prioritizes and that, You know, the electorate prior, like deifying, the military taking out these generals who just wanna see their names in the paper and putting in somebody who cares more about the enlisted guys and isn't so, You know, trigger happy that they push for, You know, the first response being military engagement.


You know, somebody who's actually served, who understands that that's actually very risky and what it's done for the United States and for the guys involved in gals over the past 20 years. I mean, Pete knows that firsthand. So I do think that like he may not have the, the managerial skills on the dough, but he's not gonna be doing that. But you, you said something that was interesting to me, Matt, which is like, do you, do you hold the guy's like personal foibles against him? And we've been having that debate on the show. I, I subscribe to Anne Coulter's Substack, she's always entertaining and she was, she had just interviewed Heather McDonald and I've interviewed Heather many times and Heather has said this to me too. Heather has absolutely no use really for the me too movement and for like deposing men based on their personal conduct when it comes to, You know, office romances or male libido.


You know, she basically says that's something that's biologically engineered in men from the dawn of time and we shouldn't be hiring a firing guys based on it. I mean, I'm sure you could find the most egregious case that Heather would find upsetting too, but just as a general rule, she's really not into the me too thing. And Anne's point was actually the more traditionally conservative points saying character matters and You know, saying Anne was like, I don't know about this rape allegation against Pete, but I'm concerned enough about the fact that he cheated on three wives, You know, not one, not two, all three. And that matters to me. And like these allegations about how he's treating underlings, You know, women in particular and You know, she would not approve of the stripper story even though they're denying it.


So like, and it, it really does. Like it reminded me of 2010 at Fox News, that's exactly the angle we would've come into this story on. Had it been a Republican or a Democrat and have we, have we changed so much in those 14 years, maybe it's Trump's ascend ascendancy, but all the bullshit that's been done to the country that leads us to be like, we don't give a shit to any longer. Where do you guys stand on it? And I mean of, of all of the departments, of all the appointments, I mean for it to be the Pentagon, for it to be the defense department, I mean this, they actually care about that sort of thing there, like that kind of conduct among, in, amongst enlisted persons is a problem, a huge problem. It is not a small thing that folks are going to wink at and say, ah, it doesn't really matter here if to the extent Pete is gonna be the guy he has to actually be an exemplar on those things and his, his conduct, personal, private conduct, the extent it becomes public, certainly it's consequential and it's relevant.


There aren't a lot of things that we can kind of measure this up against. I think you're, it's, it's correct Megan, he won't be responsible for being the bean counter there. Although I imagine some of his decisions and the, and the focus of his particular leadership and leadership team are, are going to have a awful lot to say about whether or not the Pentagon becomes actually worse. Which is hard to imagine with respect to its kind of fiduciary unseriousness as an institution. So finding someone who is more disciplined, who has fewer skeletons in the closet is perhaps a, a good look for the Trump administration. One wonders if they're, if they're not actually going to move away from him at this point, I, I share Matt's skepticism of the more recent revelations, like a, a single source who is kind of complaining, who turns out to be someone who has kind of some personal animus towards you that that's not so exciting to me.


And it's not at all surprising to see that kind of thing scoring headlines with someone this controversial, but against the backdrop of all of the other things your mom writing a a rather impassioned note to you about your horrible, horrific personal conduct. It's not a great look and it's the sort of thing that one actually has to address and address pretty forcefully. The Mom note didn't get to me at all. It's not so great. I was like my, you should hear the way my mom talks to me, but love you, love you mom. But it got to Doug, like my husband was like, that's not good. He is like, You know what, having heard what she said, he is like, it's really not great. And I was like, come on. Like the mother saw a son back from the combat tours treating his wives badly in the midst of a contentious divorce, calling the soon to be ex-wife who he had cheated on names and said knock it off.


You are not only abusing this woman with those words, but you're a serial abuser of what you cheated on your first wife. This is exactly how God forbid I ever found my son in this situation. And my, I have two, I would hope I'd speak to him like get your shit together. I do not approve of one thing you've done in the past two years when it comes to women or whatever years that one I, I don't know, I wasn't as moved by it by you and, and Doug or Camille I would say, by the way, there's, there are a number of Senate Republicans who aren't just Susan Collins who are dismayed by this and worried about it. And You know, wall Street Journal did some reporting on this of like, You know, we're gonna wait for, we'd like to see the FBI investigation into this. That's not the Jan Jane Mayer investigation who's somebody who obviously took shots at Kavanaugh, did some shoddy reporting there, I think did some shoddy reporting back when she did a book about Anita Hill and You know, then ran to the defense of Al Franken, who by the way I think deserved defending, but she's very partisan in her defenses.


But to Anne's point, I mean it shows you a lot of things. I mean I disagree with Anne on about 70% of things, but I do find her wildly entertaining and funny. She's amazing, she's very smart, she's very con, she's very, she's very consistent on this, on this issue from the Clinton. I mean we knew of Anne Coulter because she wrote a book called High Crimes and Misdemeanors about what Bill Clinton was doing. She's very consistent on, on these issues. So, but the one thing that gives me some pause is I think that it starts in a lot of ways with these movements that go way overboard. The reason so many, many of us are reticent when these charges come up was because of this kind of fanaticism of the Me Too movement that had some real honest targets that deserved to be taken down And I could, You know, list off 10 of them, but we started lumping everybody into the same thing.


You know, Louis CK was the same as some guy was weird to you at work. And You know, at the, on the other side of this, there's so many people you have to like these people who are responsible for these movements. I mean, I know you talk a lot Megan about trans issues. There was a article in the New York Times last week that, You know, trans advocates saying, You know, maybe we're going a little too far with this. Maybe we're pushing a little too hard and there's no grace in what we do when people disagree with us and that's JK Rowling, that's you, et cetera. But that's the same thing in the Me Too movement is that when you take, when you have a movement like this in your hands and you sort of control it and you deploy it and you just kind of ruin people's lives or try to get them kicked out of their company or whatever it might be, get them kicked out of politics.


There is a backlash eventually if you go too far, if you are weaponizing something for political purposes. And that's why I think when I saw the rape allegation And I read a little bit about it, And I might be totally wrong about this, I have no idea what the answer to this is, but when I read that I was like, oh, here we go again. This is somebody who's like, gotta pay out it like Was trying to cover up behavior looks bullshit. It Seems like bullshit. And why, I don't know if I would think that instinctually in 1995 or 2005, I'm just kind of conditioned at this point because there, there been so much politicization of these charges and it's no surprise that it's Jane Mayer coming out and saying, and again, people who are hyper-partisan, people who have access to grind can be right.


Jane Muir can be right about all this stuff. I do not know, I have not done the counter, Lemme tell you something about that research. Yeah. In that same CBS news report that I was reading from with this latest, You know, Jesse Jane Duff and financial issues, they summarize that rape allegation in the, on the last page, just to make sure you didn't miss it. Yeah. Last month it was revealed that Hegseth had secretly paid a financial settlement to a woman who had accused him of raping her. In 2017 at a Republican women's banquet at the Hyatt Regency in Monterey, California, the city of Monterey released its 2017 investigation into hegseth. The, the accuser who has not been publicly named reported. She felt as though she had been drugged and recalled repeatedly saying no while in a hotel room with Hegseth, she alleged that he prevented her from leaving and was on top of her CBS news does not publicly name individuals who have reported an alleged sexual assault unless that person chooses to publicly identify themselves.


That's it. That's a Very strange story. I mean the, And I think talked About this, the podcast And then I say the allegation, according to his lawyer, the allegation was investigated by the police department and they found no evidence for it. They did. And then they point out that they did not bring charges and that Pete denies it and says it was consensual. There's not, this audience knows the details of this case better than anybody right now. 'cause we've gone, we've gone in depth on this multiple times. None of the exculpatory facts that are laid out in that police de report, none is in there, not a one. And so this is what happens. And my little note reads so unfair, this is what happens to men in particular, right? Like somebody drops a bomb of a report, the original reporting, and then the police report comes out.


You know, honest reporters will go through it and report the stuff that's bad for the person who's accused and the stuff that's good for the person who's accused. And a fair report would tell you both. But what we have here is, let's just summarize and all we'll pick is the stuff that's terrible for Pete. Oh, he would by the door, none of the stuff that she was seeing, she didn't look drunk to anybody at any point, including her own husband. Her alleged period in which she could have been drunk drugged was only two hours long. That's not how the date rape drug works. She refused to participate in a pretextual phone call where she called him with police on the line after the fact to ask him about the alleged crime. I mean, on and on like there, there's so many three witnesses saw her, she was totally sober, she was on camera totally sober, ba ba ba ba ba.


That's not, none of that's in there. Not her, her story, what Pete said was consensual. She told me she was gonna tell the husband that she fell asleep and the husband at the same time telling the cops, she came home and told me she fell asleep. Nope, it doesn't get mentioned. It's just not So like any of this person by the way. Yeah. It really screws up the incentives. You have no incentive to not attack somebody who you really don't like. Or if you made a mistake and you want to get out of it, there's, there's no negative repercussions for you. Even if there's exculpatory evidence on Pete headsets side because you can never be named because we don't do that as journalists. If you release the name of the accuser and that's how she should be referred to not as the victim. We, we don't know if this person's a victim.


This person's claim she's a victim. The police were not persuaded she should be the accuser that's a fair term until there's been a jury verdict. So the accuser, we don't know her name. And therefore what if this person has accused someone in the past that would be a massive development. And so what if you are a man who is out there and knows that you've been accused by, You know, Jane Doe and You know her by her proper name, but you have zero clue that she is now the person accusing Pete Hegseth. And maybe if you heard this person's actual name, you might come forward to say, this person accused me too.


And it was total bullshit. And I don't know whether any of that could happen here. I'm just saying the fact that we protect the identities of these victims is entirely unfair to the person being accused. And that's just one way in which it hampers a guy from offering a full defense. Yeah, I think You know, there, there's like an appropriate level of sensitivity that you have to have when dealing with these cases. We all know people who have had their lives decimated by erroneous charges personally in the, in some cases that happens in the pages of the New York Times and it's, it's awful and terrible.


And one, I think the most generous thing you can presume is that they're attempting to protect these alleged victims by kind of treading carefully here. But when you only do that in one direction and you hide or obscure anything that might be exculpatory evidence for the accused, then you're not doing them a service. Once it becomes, once it hits the headlines and it becomes obvious that there are details here that complicate this situation. This is a married woman, she has every incentive if she was actually just having an affair to continually and consistently misrepresented as something else because obviously it's beneficial to her, especially if she starts to ask for money. Now, is it also the case that an an honest victim would do precisely the same thing?


Sure it is, but it still matters and actually being serious and nuanced about this as opposed to having a hypersensitivity that gives all of the deference to the accuser and presumes essentially the guilt and culpability of the accused. Especially if it's someone who happens to get around a lot and might be more likely to stumble across someone who is a nefarious actor in this way. Like that's wrong. And we really do actually still need to correct the scales with respect to that. Guess What else is not in this report? Camille summarizing the alleged rape allegation. The fact that she was married at the time, as you just pointed out, and that the husband was asleep in their hotel room with their two children crazy down the hall, which might give somebody some pause about coming clean on what looks like a booty call and not a rape omitted.


If you wanna summarize that there's this alleged rape allegation against him. You may as a news organization, but part of the pain in the ass of summarizing. Yep. A complex case, and believe me, I've been there many times, is you have to pick and choose which details to use and which to leave out in order to be fair to the person you are, besmirching and CBS news, it's a fail. And it does lead me to say, this is what I think of everything else. You just reported your book. What else is in there about the fucking finances that you didn't print? What is there about I Yep. Jesse Jane Duff. I, I like Jesse Jane. Remember I'm just saying there, what, what are you leaving out on your latest allegations? You and Jane Mayer, and this is why.


Okay, we know that he cheated on the three wives. Maybe that's enough. But everything outside of that, I'm like, no, this can't be the reason he doesn't get confirmed because this is a corrupt system. I, I, I wanna point out that the media on this issue, this is not just a kind of close judgment call when you have something like, well, we don't know. They didn't choose to, to, the police didn't choose to prosecute or arrest him. This is not just for close calls. I wanna point out somebody that has really, really had their lives ruined in a false accusation. And Matt knows this person because he's a huge baseball fan. Trevor Bauer was a pitcher for the Los Angeles do Dodgers, and he was accused in 2021.


In 2020, he won the Cy Young Award. This is not a slouch. This guy has not pitched in the major leagues since. And I wanna read you just the first paragraph of an AP story. After this whole thing blew up and it blew up. Not like it wasn't close anymore, a video evidence that this woman was lying. An Arizona woman who accused former Major League pitcher, Trevor Bower of sexual assault, has been charged with defrauding the baseball player. An indictment unsealed Monday in Maricopa County Superior Court charges the woman with fraud theft by extortion both felonies, but doesn't provide blah, blah, blah. The next sentence, the Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they have been victim of sexual assault unless they come forward publicly.


He was, they, They didn't Name her and she was charged with fraud. He went to crazy play in Japan. And then I think he just, he just refused a, a, a, like a, a Mexican Winter League contract. Mexico. Yeah. He didn't played baseball in the Major leagues and he was, life was destroyed. This woman was charged and they don't name her. Mm. How Fucked up are, oh God, we covered the Trevor Bower. We, we covered that and how it fell apart. And it was a nightmare. Outrageous. I did not realize that, that there was an AP report after she'd been charged refusing to name her. Holy shit. We won't name her because she said she was accused of sexual assault. And not only the charges are not only that she wasn't, that she wasn't. And she tried to extort him and they still wouldn't name her. It's, it's sickening.


The lessons always are that, that incent people always respond to incentives. It's the basic correct economics idea. And also that be behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated. And for a long time in the, in the sort of apex of the Me Too movement, there's a lot of people who are rewarded through making allegations themselves or participating in social media pylon that had to do with allegations. And you're just rewarded simply by like that, that rush of excitement when you kind of popularize the takedown of a person that you seem is, that you think is bad or is famous or something that you sort of suspect is guilty of wrongdoing.


And the behavior that gets rewarded, that gets repeated also refers to the way that the media handles themselves. It reverse the way that Jane Mayer handles herself, not just with Kavanaugh, but also in her really bad reporting on the Koch brothers back in the day. And the way that it's completely the opposite. How she reported on George Soros about the exact same stuff, basically, but it looked all saintly when it came to him. When you have sort of like a, a partisan coded reward structures for people who engage in very one-sided partisan journalism that isn't particularly good journalism, then you're gonna do it again. It's gonna be a single source story that is throwing someone like Mark Judge under the bus and, and whatever, You know, you're gonna go onto your next Pulitzer.


This is bad. And, and the, the ticket for getting outta that system is by, You know, doing whatever we all can as individuals or people in the media to call out. Obviously bad and bad faith behavior as it happens. But it also depends on consumers. Like, don't reward people who do this. Yep, yep. Who pass around things they don't know. It's true. Whether or or not something happened. They're participating gleefully in the social media pylon, et cetera, gotta stand up and say, Hey look, you don't know this and you might be ruining someone's life. Maybe like slow your roll a little bit. The this is why I look at this. Like I, I think about when I practice law, and if you try a case and you introduce a bunch of evidence against somebody and then you introduce some sort of a bomb against them and it turns out that bomb was inappropriately admitted, your verdict is going to get thrown out.


Even if you had a bunch of other evidence that was valid and could have persuaded the jury to reach a verdict that was in your favor, it's going to get thrown out. Because if there's something that was introduced and it shouldn't have been, that is prejudicial against the defendant that could have affected the outcome of the verdict, your verdict is going to go away. And that's why like this whole process is so corrupted, not just against Pete, against, You know, the election against Trump was, it was perverted. Like a lot of these nominees are, are having this done to them right now. And with Pete, I feel like, okay, we know about the infidelities, let's deal with that. Like I'm perfectly willing to have a debate on whether that is a game changer for the Department of Defense head.


But I am, I I can't have an honest debate with anybody who's gonna raise this stuff with me and say, well, I saw it on CBS News. Like, or any senator who hasn't, does done his or her homework, that wants to try to cross examinee Pete in a way that will undoubtedly be very unfair. And that's why I, I keep winding up with like, he has to be confirmed. He, he has to be in the same way Trump had to be elected. He has to be confirmed. The middle finger must be put in place and if he sucks, he will be fired. I do believe Trump will fire him if he does any of this shit while in that position. And I think he'll be well supported right underneath the top level as well. I also think, I've said this yesterday, I think at the top of DOJ, at the top of FBI or at the top of DOD, we could look to Ron DeSantis.


I say it again, we really like, he could be of great help to us. Yeah. This is another guy he would fit in perfectly here. He knows how to bust shit up and fight. He doesn't care what people write about him in the media, but he's an extremely competent executive and he happens to be a Navy man. So, okay. That's, that's where I stand. I think he should be confirmed. But if he can't be, or if we're looking for alternatives, You know, DeSantis is, time in Florida is limited thanks to term limits. And we could do, we could do a lot worse than him. That's not about the final word. Word. I'll give you guys the final word. You have a better choice. I, we've ruled out Moynihan, anyone else Why we did. I'm not ruling him out. I like it. I like, I'm willing to forgive him. I storm the stage.


I just got up there 'cause I thought I had left a dollar bill there that I, I tried to give one And I gave two so I could get up and get a max. That's fair. That's totally reasonable. My, that's disqualifying. Yeah. But, okay, this is really Unfair. Okay. It's very, very unfair. I do like that recommendation though, Meghan. It's, it, it is, it is frequently suggested that there are like no serious people who like Donald Trump, who, who, who could possibly be appointed. And he, he's got these kind of rogues gallery of people. I think he's, he's just decided that he doesn't really care about the vetting process, but he's not doing himself any favors either by going about things this way. There are almost certainly better appointments that he could make in a couple of instances.


People who are less controversial would still potentially, presumably be loyal to him and not undermine him personally, but would also just be better at governing these institutions. These really important, massively consequential institutions who have a more, let, let's say more evidence on their cv that they're actually well suited for the job as opposed to, You know, combat experience, obviously important, like your educational pedigree obviously important, but it matters if you've worked in and around these institutions in some way, shape, or form because they are bizarre and strange. You don't want it only to be staffed with creatures from the inside. But there are almost certainly some better choices here.


And, And I think the Trump administration should probably give that some, some consideration. I think the per the person you need for this job. I don't like, I think it's a, it's kind of a gimmick to focus on DEI and if anyone listens to the fifth column, they know that this is not stuff that we appreciate in stuff way, as a matter of fact we loathe it. But I think that's a kind of small percentage of what needs to be done at DOD. Obviously I think what you need is, I mean, some of the combat experience of course, I mean all of this stuff makes sense to me, but Megan, you have been doing the show for a very long time. You've been a journalist for a very long time and you, the eye, your eyes popped out of your head when you read 850 billion as Matt pointed out.


Surely an under count, the person who goes into DOD needs to be the person that goes in there and trims the fat and says, there's a lot of of bad spending here and we need to kind of make this a leaner machine. I think that's the, the thing that, and and You know, I don't think Pete Hef is, is the guy to do that. No offense to him. I mean, my pick would be not somebody who wrote a book that, You know, excoriates, DOD for, for being, You know, too woke or something. I think it's just somebody that needs to go in there and stop the never ending growth of that department. It just, it gets bigger and bigger and bigger every year. And now we have republicans actually, 'cause Republicans always say we want to cut government, but not DOD That was always, the military was always a piece apart.


And now we have a Republican party who doesn't think that way. So someone going in there with a, with a scalpel or a sledgehammer seems like a better choice to me. Yeah. He, He would never do this for reasons that will become immediately obvious. But an actually good pick would be our friend and former guest in the fifth column, Peter Meyer. Oh, former Republican congressman. He did vote for Trump's second impeachment. So Trump is never do Anything Except having To taste his. It's not realistic Though, taste his boot. But a young guy who has served, has spent a crucial time in Afghanistan, including, he did some heroic stuff with Seth Moten, if I'm not mistaken. Correct. Oh boy. In Afghanistan trying to get people out during the, he's annoying during the debacle Myers stuff.


He's Somebody on the democratic side who's kind of coming towards your position. Don't be mean to him. No, he can f right off. No he isn't. First of all, he created all the conditions that he is now complaining about. He voted for all the shit that mandated the boys and the girls' sports. It's thanks to him that he has to worry about his daughters. Maybe he was out on a walk in Nantucket and he was like, I see the mistake of my ways Seth Moulton, you're not Forgiven. If you wanna come on the me Kelly show, it's on. Let's do this my friend. Oh, that's, I want that Under pressure pay purview from the left. He's already walking it back being like, I didn't say that we should change anything. I just said we should be talking. We should be talking about it. He lost all his courage when he left the battlefield.


I'm sorry. That's I You drove me wrong. Steph Moulton. Come on. Not just, so you should come on, but that we all should go together 'cause we have some friends there to Salem, Massachusetts. Yes. Do Democratic a live witch trial? Yes. Yes. With Seth Moton, me, Kelly and the Jeff College District. Yes. The trial. Seth Moton. Just so many bad morning hand accents. Oh my God. You could do your weird, oh, I'm gonna start it just like this. I'm gonna start it with I never liked you. I never liked you. Yes, yes. I mean, honestly Meg, the next time we record together in person, now that we know this is a thing like we're drinking like at least Yeah.


Yeah, of course. Yeah. Excess. That's true. You were Very offended, but you drank with our friends from Red Scare and not with us. Yes, I know. But we should. We should've brought a bottle. We owe you an apology. We'll Have Doug run special. He loves to make the martinis. I gotta go as good as, Okay. Right. We'll see you in Salem next month All, bye bye. Thanks be bye. And thanks to all of our listeners. We're spending the time with us today. We appreciate it. Don't forget to tune in tomorrow where we're also gonna have some amazing guests. We'll find out together who it is. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How Did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or What Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA.