
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We begin today with breaking news out of Los Angeles, where the nation's second largest city has descended into chaos with riots for the third straight night, causing massive destruction by lighting cars on fire, destroying property, and attacking law enforcement. All this ostensibly to voice opposition to recent arrests of people who have broken the law, illegal immigrants who may just be illegals and may have committed other crimes In most instances, what we're finding on these arrests is, well, some, 118 of them have committed the most heinous crimes one can commit in this country.


So you'd think that the angelenos the mayor keeps talking about would really like these people to be removed, but she and her governor appear to be on their side and not on the side of law enforcement. Here are some of the scenes of the last three days.


It's total bedlam for the listening audience. It's total there. There's some absolute asshole standing there throwing large rocks at full force at cars as they speed by. I mean, you literally could kill somebody doing that. And there are multiple instances of people behaving exactly this way in a depraved manner. You would be charged with murder if that person went off the road and had an accident and somebody died. It's absurd what they've, what they're allowing, what they're allowing. In Los Angeles, the Trump administration has ramped up immigration enforcement in the city. As I mentioned, they've announced 118 arrests of illegals last week, including those, most of them, I, I believe, with criminal histories.


In addition to breaking the immigration laws that include second degree murder, like murder, it's a problem. Drug trafficking, of course, these guys always have crimes against children. They're big fans of exploiting, raping, molesting children. As a rule, if you're gonna go collect some huge group of illegal immigrants here on Tom Holman's watch, the odds are you're gonna find child sexual predators again. Keep that in mind as we get to the Los Angeles Mayor's reaction. The demonstrations began on Friday after ice officers executed multiple search warrants at workplaces, including a clothing warehouse in the city's fashion district with protestors attempting to block the agents from doing their jobs.


The same day, hundreds of protestors gathering around a federal building after rumors that authorities were holding detainees in the basement of that building. DHS officers fired pepper balls at the protestors before the LAPD dispersed the crowd acting ice director Todd Lyons saying it looked, or it took the LAPD two hours to respond. I mean, why? Whether, You know what's happening in city after city is they're letting the looters have their fun because they think it's better not to escalate. It's the same thing as we've been seeing at CV CVSs since BLM. Remember, there was that viral video of the CVS clerk actually trying to enforce the anti shoplifting laws, meaning theft laws, and that person got blow back because the people who were looting or stealing from the CVS in that case happened to be black.


And now you have to get a CVS attendant to get deodorant out of the locked shelf because it's considered escalation if you involve the police when someone's breaking the law. Only now it's spread to actual cops not doing their jobs because cops doing what cops are supposed to do is an escalation. Right? On Saturday, the situation got even worse. The protests spreading to nearby Paramount and Compton, California. We just talked about this video, but we need to reshow it. Look at this. You see a man picking up heavy rocks and whipping them at drivers inside federal vehicles as they drive by.


This is attempted murder. Look at this. The depravity to human life is, I don't know, is it stunning? I don't know what it is. It's stomach turning. He did it over and over and over with some of the vehicles trying to swerve to get outta the way. This, this isn't the presidential motorcade with the beast. They don't have bulletproof glass on the front of those trucks. These guys are there trying to keep these assholes safe. In this video, a man riding a motorcycle, look at this guy around a burning car while holding up the Mexican flag. Ha. Has there ever been a better picture of what we're up against? A lot of the protesters carried Mexican flags with them.


Go home. You love Mexico so much. Adios. Get out. Literally, what are you doing? Why are you here? Get out. What other country in the world would stand for this bs You come here, in most cases illegally. You set our things on fire, you threaten our law enforcement agents, and then you wanna parade around with your flag, like that's the be all end, then go home, get out. Go make your living home in Mexico. We won't miss you. They don't want you either, but that shouldn't be our problem. Get out. I, I think Americans are sick of this. They're sick of this bs. Why do we have to live with these people?


They don't assimilate. They don't like or respect our way of life. They feel entitled to be here to our public benefits to healthcare. We're supposed to take care of them as they burn our cities and harass our cops. Waving your Mexican flag. Then get out. You love Mexico so much. Go back to it. All this, not surprisingly, was enough for President Trump to take action and thank God issuing a directive to send in 2000 members of the National Guard to protect ice agents and restore order. Why didn't you do that? Governor Newsom, why didn't Karen Bass mobilize the LAPD to protect ice agents and restore order?


Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, also putting the Marines at nearby Camp Pendleton on high alert if the violence continues. Some 500 of them by latest reports rather than expressing thanks for the help, governor Gavin Newsom called, sending in the National Guard quote, purposefully inflammatory and said that Secretary of Defense, Seth's threat to send in the Marines was deranged behavior. But President Trump says this is about law and order watch. What is the bar for sending Marines The bar is what I think it is. I mean, if we see danger to our country and to our citizens, and we'll be very, very strong in terms of law and order.


It's about law and Order. Governor Newsom has now formally requested that Mr. Trump pull out the National Guard troops. It's unbelievable Here. He says, he'll Sue, he's gonna sue if Trump doesn't because Newsom says this is not about immigration enforcement. It's about Trump's quote, authoritarian tendencies. Here's what he told M-S-N-B-C last night. Watch. All of this is about immigration enforcement and type of of, well, go ahead. Feel free to Say no. I mean, I know. I don't mean even to cut you off. I think it's about something much more. This is about authoritarian tendencies. This is about command and control. This is about power. This is about ego my way or the highway.


This is a consistent pattern of practice, of recklessness. This guy has abandoned the core principles of this great democracy. Wow. He's threatening to but go after judges. He disagrees with cut off funding to institutions of higher learning. He's on a cultural binge. He's rewriting history censoring historical facts. I mean, it's, this is all, this is something completely different. And this is part of that ongoing play that is unfolding in front of our eyes. It is a serious moment under the guise of immigration, but it's much deeper than that.


Of course, giving an interview to NBC's Jacob Soof, who also has spent the past eight years running cover for illegals. Very, very concerned about children of illegals being separated from their families under President Trump. Under President Biden did not appear to give two shits about it. He, he, I I didn't see the lead NBC news report last week as we heard about the number of them who are now being found in the hands of these so-called sponsors. The Biden administration found for them who are molesting them. See, Jacob Soff, in my opinion, only cares about the illegal children. When it can hurt President Trump, then it's helpful to him.


But if President Biden placed them in danger intentionally, who, who would give them to sponsors who had not been vetted? Who are single men who are also illegals? Does that sound like a good idea to anybody? NBC loses interest. President Trump has said officials will face charges if they get in the way of law and order. Governor Newsom, who landed last night in LA to manage the response to the riots, nice to finally see you, sir. Great. It's been going on for days. Also had a message for Border Czar. Tom Holman. Watch Your hands off these poor people. They're just trying to get live their lives, man. Oh, oh, really? Trying to live their lives, paying their taxes. Been here 10 years.


The fear, the horror, the hell is this guy come after me, arrest me. Let's just get it over with Tough guy. You know, I don't give a damn, but I care about my community. I care about this community. The hell are they doing? These guys need to grow up. They need to stop and we need to push back. And I'm sorry to be so clear, but that kind of bloviating is exhausting. So Tom arrests me. Let's go. He, he's such an actor. I mean, he like, that man doesn't have a sincere bone in his body. He's such an actor. The hell are they doing? I'm like, what? Okay. Tough guy. He's she's got like Matthew McConaughey vibes.


And I don't mean that Flatteringly, Kamala Harris. I mean, 'cause of course everybody was wondering, what, what does Kamala Harris think? I can't think of a subject on which I would actually ask myself that question. Maybe when somebody tried out a crappy Jamaican accent. I'm, I like, I might be interested when somebody used the phrase duality or unburdened by what has been, she might come to mind like, Hmm, that's it. Not here. But she's decided to be Chief Angelino. She's an LA resident speaking out, saying the ice arrests are quote part of the Trump administration's cruel calculated agenda to spread panic and division.


Division. Trump is the one responsible for division out there in la. Okay? He's trying to get rid of criminals so that your children and mine don't have to grow up in cities like LA where they're running around behaving criminally with impunity. She claimed the National Guard deployment quote is a dangerous escalation meant to provoke chaos. And she called the protest. Of course, this is the cherry on top of the sundae, overwhelmingly Peaceful, overwhelmingly Peaceful. There is a line af after like car after car after car that has been set on fire.


They are literally launching commercial grade fireworks at law enforcement. That's according to the LA police chief. Overwhelmingly Peaceful. Tell it to the cop who gets hit in, in, in the heart by a commercial grade firework, you creedon. Similarly, Spartacus co booker as of yesterday was still calling protest quote, Peaceful. Elizabeth Warren, chief lies a lot, was still talking about the right to peacefully protest. I mean, she does. She lies a lot and she's doing it right here. Does this look Peaceful? Look at your screen. Okay, this all happened yesterday. Just watch this for the listening audience. You have around 2000 anti-ice rioters who took over the LA 1 0 1, the freeway causing the road to be shut down for over an hour before police could disperse the crowd.


Here's video of protestors throwing objects at California Highway patrol vehicles from an overpass. Do You know how dangerous this is? This is, you are asking for people to die. This is lethal behavior, A total disregard for law enforcement for life. La p p's police chief saying about the riots quote, we are overwhelmed. Okay, we're overwhelmed. But you've got Harris and New Newsom ripping on Trump. He's trying to sow chaos. This wasn't necessary. We had it, we had it in hand. Your police chief says, you're overwhelmed. He's overwhelmed. The cops there are overwhelmed.


They're facing a lethal threat and getting no help. That video, by the way, was taken by Cam Higby, a local freelance reporter on the scene who's been providing invaluable updates over the weekend. Go Cam Rioters also targeting these Waymo self-driving taxis owned by Google's parent company, smashing their windows. Okay, great. I mean, remember, we're not supposed to care about destruct destruction of property. We learned that during BLM, you're not allowed to care if it's just a car or a building or a storefront that's actually owned by a live human. What doesn't matter. You're not allowed to care or you're a racist lighting them all on fire. Unbelievable.


A spokesperson for Waymo says the company cut off service to the area. Cool. Good call. And is removing vehicles from the streets due to all the destruction. Look at this photo. This sums up everything. You, you listening audience, you gotta go 10 minutes into the show and look at this on YouTube. It sums up the whole thing. A rioter smashing one of these Waymo cars while another burns nearby with other protestors in the background where the Mexican flag can be seen and the person on top of the car is shirtless with some sort of a bizarre s and m looking mask. I don't, I'm not sure what's going on here. I think we're working through a lot of people's fetishes, damaged childhoods and those childhoods.


More often than not, we're probably in Mexico here to help break it all down, founder and CEO of turning point USA and Turning Point action host of the Charlie Kirk Show. Charlie Kirk


Father's Day's coming up. Let's celebrate all the great fathers out there who have had such a positive influence on our kids in our nation. You wanna celebrate a special dad? How about brightening his day by giving him a gift of Riverbend Ranch steaks? Yes, anybody would love to receive this. Riverbend Ranch has been recognized by the team at certified Angus Beef as having some of the finest quality black Angus beef in America. The difference in quality and flavor is not by accident. For the last 35 years, the Riverbend Ranch has been raising black Angus cattle with a focus on flavor and tenderness carefully sorting the genetics to produce the absolute best quality beef. And they raise their beef the old fashioned way without artificial growth hormones and without antibiotics. Riverbend Ranch is all about quality. Last year, the engineering news record named the River Bend Ranch Beef processing facility as the best manufacturing facility built in the US in 2024. Exceptional American beef grown and processed in America for a very special Father's Day order directly from river bend ranch.com. This is a great gift. Your dad will not be expecting this. This is like, what do you normally get him a tie? This is a really cool one that he's really gonna enjoy, and so are you. Riverbend ranch.com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. Riverbend ranch.com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


Charlie, great to have you. This is unbelievable your thoughts. Thank you. It it truly is wonderful open, by the way, Megan. Very thank you. Very powerful stuff. And I completely agree. If you're gonna come to America and you're going to fly a foreign flag while you are burning cars, assaulting police officers and thwarting immigration enforcement, the, the most moderate solution to all this is deportation. And understand this, that it's so funny when you hear them, they're like, well, these are wonderful people. Don't you understand? They're just trying to pay their taxes. If they were wonderful people, why? Why is all of a sudden we have all this violence everywhere? Why are we seeing widespread arson and widespread destruction?


Understand this, California has had this pent up problem for quite some time, and only President Trump has the moral courage to go about and face it and to fix it. In California, one in four people in California were born outside of the United States. That doesn't mean they're all illegal. I'm just saying that one in four people in California were born outside of the United States, the highest of any in the country. And these are riots. They are not protests. We must be very clear with our language. When you start burning police vehicles and Waymo vehicles, when you start, as you aptly put launching rocks and boulders at police officers and attempt to get them killed, and the media's added again, they're saying, well, these are mostly peaceful protests as Los Angeles is under siege.


And the final point on this that I wanna make, which I think is very important, which a lot of Republicans currently do not have the stomach for mass deportations. I think that is changing, Meghan. I think this display, even though it is egregious and it is infuriating and it is maddening, I think it's also motivating them. I think this is gonna build consensus for Trump's big beautiful bill. I think that this shows that we need more ice officers, that we need to secure and strengthen our southern border. That we cannot allow a foreign power to come onto our turf and basically taunt us. That's what we were seeing, Meghan. We were seeing the taunting of invaders and foreign nationals who leach off of welfare and leach in our school system and flood our hospital system.


And we have a big heart in this country and we should never stop having a big heart and helping those in need. What you saw there, Megan, they're not in need. They're driving around with $30,000 motorcycles, lighting, police officer vehicles on fire. These are not the downtrodden or the soer of South and Central America. There's something much more sinister going on here, and we're gonna take back the country and praise God, president Trump is at the helm to do just that. Yes, I I I look at this and I think all I wanna hear from Karen Bass is thank you, and I'm sorry, but instead this is what we're hearing from the LA mayor who already has utterly failed her city as she sat there watching it burn from Africa.


But now she says she senses a political opportunity to be opposed to Trump, even though he's trying to keep people safe. And here's what she said in 12. We are gonna fight for all Angelenos regardless of when they got here, whether they have papers or not. We are a city of immigrants and this impacts hundreds of thousands of Angelenos. We're gonna fight for all angelenos. How is whether, Do they have papers? It's like people are getting killed, their children are getting molested. No, it's just as, as as if this is some sort of clerical error, Meghan, whether they have papers or not. Yeah, yeah, that's right. It's, it's just some administrative error.


We, we lost, we lost your, your form in, in the mail. No, no, no. They're illegal, right? The dmv they're in violation. Yes, exactly. They're in violation of eight USC 13, 12 in a, in, in addition to many other federal laws. But here's what I find most fascinating is that Karen Bass and Gavin Newsom, you could tell that they're being held hostage by a force. We don't quite know what this force is, but it is the power of intersectionality. If you look at some of these riots, yes, we have kind of the cartel, the Raza types. They want open borders, they want occupation. They, they, they want destruction. But you've also started to see another type of force and political dynamic pop up in these protests, which is you are starting to see the Palestinian Gaza headwear start to pop open, right?


As if that's what this is all about, right? Somehow this is about Gaza. They'll make it about Gaza. And then thirdly, you start to see the white liberal, all of a sudden you're starting to see a bunch of white liberals show up. 'cause You know they need purpose in their life. They don't go to church, they're not getting married, they don't have kids. So you need something to keep them going. And boy, they're bringing the band back together after the summer of love in 2020. So did someone say that we're burning a Wendy's tonight. Count me in. And all of a sudden they start mobilizing. And that trifecta of a political force obviously is bigger than we have realized because any leader who cares about their people would stand up to this group of bandits and this mob that is engulfing Los Angeles yet again, Gavin Newman, Karen Bass, they feel as if they have an obligation to the lawless.


They have an obligation to this insurgency. And it is very revealing that the base of the Democrat party, not some sort of fringe element, but the base, the fundamental ingredient of the Democrat party is street violence. I wish it wasn't that case, Meghan, because she should be saying, we want LAPD, we're gonna go after these riots. Thank you for sending in the National Guard. Instead, she's acting like it's a paperwork. Air Gavin Newsom is suing President Trump again. He should be saying, thank you President Trump for sending the Marines and sending the federal government. Instead, we are seeing two high profile political leaders pander the most sinister and dark elements of the Democrat party.


I wanna make sure I get this in so I don't forget it. Under no circumstances, I'm calling the shot right now, should Los Angeles be allowed to host the 2028 Olympics? Period? Hard stop. We should pull it. It should go to some other American city. Go to Dallas, go to Miami, go anywhere but la. But if you cannot put out fires while you intentionally ignore them and you elevate DEI, You know, fire practices over the wellbeing of your citizens, and if you basically cheer on the incineration of your city, that is a mockery. It should not be put on the world's display under any circumstances whatsoever. Yes. I mean, I I there we're looking at a very powerful set of pictures here of la of Los Angeles burning and the Mexican flag everywhere.


I mean, it's really crazy how emboldened they are to fly their Mexican flag. What are they doing here? What, why are they here? Because they wanna take advantage of our dollars, our economy and our healthcare and other public benefits that they get that we're giving them. So it's like we're, they're on the public dole, most of them. And we're fine with that apparently, or at least Californians seem to be. But they hate us. They want, they actually miss Mexico. Totally. We'll go home. It's like two hours by car at most. You're good. It's so easy for you to go back home to the people you seem to love so much. And so here's another sample, just 'cause I love the, the sound that shows you how people are feeling.


This is California representative Norma Torres, who is, it's, it's quick, but she's got thoughts on ice coming in to try to clean up her city. So 11 I skipped a fuck out of. So that order can't be stored. Okay, get that out. Wow. Right. Elected representative, she of the people. Right? This is what they want. So this is how all the left is gonna paint this, You know, from Karen Bass to Gavin Newsom, to this nutcase, Norma Torres and beyond. 'cause we're already seeing federal officials like senators weigh in on this as it's, it's President Trump who's over the top with his knee jerk authoritarian response.


The New York Times today with a similar sort of take, hold on, I wanna find it. They wrote as follows. Trump invoked this rarely used provision of the US code. No one can argue it's not legal 'cause it's very clearly legal what he's doing. They say he can do it if there's a rebellion against the authority of the government of the United States, which is the federal government, which is what Trump's saying. We're seeing here. No such rebellions underway says the times as the governor spokesman and others have noted Americans in cities routinely cause more property damage after their sports teams win or lose. Trump's idea of law and order is strong handed disproportionate intervention that adds chaos, anxiety, and risk to already tense situations.


That's gonna be the left wing line on it. We've heard a couple people make that point about it looks like an Eagles game. You know, the, the aftermath of an Eagles game. I, my husband's an Eagles fan. We always laugh at the, and also roll our eyes at the over the top behavior after the Eagles games. I don't remember anyone trying to kill police officers and law enforcement as they just drove their cars by like car after car throwing dangerous materials over the overpass at them directly with full force as they pass or commercial grade fireworks at their bodies. That I don't recall that. No, not at all.


And and this is of, of course they're trying to minimize it and it's, it's that old celebration parallax, right? That Michael Anton instructed us who's phenomenal. It's not happening, but it's good that it's so it's not happening that they're burning down the city. But it's good that it is because it's about time that someone fights back against Trump. You're like, wait a second. I thought you just said it wasn't happening. They're, they're gonna try to make the spread to cities across No, exactly. They're gonna try to make the spread to cities across the country. And this is a reaction to a couple things. Of course the beginning of mass deportations. And you better believe we're only gonna ratchet up more. We're gonna go into more neighborhoods. We're gonna find more criminal gang bangers. We're gonna find more cartel members because it looks like we're barely touching the surface based on what we saw yesterday.


We are barely touching the surface. But number two, and I think this is very important, Claudia Steinman Steinbaum. Yeah, the steinbo, the president of Shine Baum of Mexico Shine Baum. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. She said the big beautiful bill needs massive widespread response that we're going to activate in America. Interesting. It's fun, funny that a president, a foreign nation is able to like activate sleeper cells in our country because in the big beautiful bill is a tax on remittances. Understand that remittances are tens of billions of dollars a year, which is people that come to the United States illegally, they'll work and steal jobs from native-born Americans, send back money from America to Mexico, basically in a parasitic type relationship.


We're gonna extract money from America and send it to Mexico. And they know that this is a major part of the Mexican economy. And finally the big beautiful bill is gonna tax that. Sorry if you're illegally here illegally and you're gonna send money back to Mexico, we're not gonna put up with that. But look, why are they here, Meghan? Why is it that they're waving the Mexican flag? It's not 'cause they love America. They care about our values. They don't believe in e pluribus Unum or Liberty. They don't know Thomas Jefferson from George Washington. They're here for one reason because we're rich. That's it. It's because we're rich and we're suckers. That's it. We have a wealthy nation that was, and and, and we are suckers that just keep on writing checks.


And again, we're a generous nation. We're a Christian nation. We should continue to be those things. But nowhere does it say in the scriptures, should you allow yourself to be repeatedly taken advantage of while you are mocked and while they are taunting you for taking money from you and taking treasure while your own people are suffering in great measure and great number. And so this really is a early moment with very powerful aesthetics and visuals and optics that shows the two camps in this country. One wants law order and a prioritization of American citizens first. The other is an open border, criminal first type agenda that prioritizes arson and the disorder deconstruction of the United States of America.


And you finally have a president who's gonna fight back against this. Trump is saying, yes, this is not gonna happen. We're not letting this go. Like this is not gonna be another BLM 2020 situation. Correct? We are going to make sure that we take a handle on these things and you're not gonna be permitted to come into this country and c cause damage to our law enforcement cause damage to our property and get away with it here. You've, that's said twice now that this is gonna spread and that's what the Democrats want. And we actually have That's right. Proof of that. Here's Democratic Senator Chris Murphy yesterday from Yep. On on. Or maybe it's, is it today? It's today on Morning Joe. This morning Take a listen. I saw this. Yeah. My first message is to keep it Peaceful.


I mean, obviously this is a moment where we have to be on the streets all over the country to protest what's happening to our immigrant community, but more broadly to protest what's happening to our democracy. This is the most corrupt administration in the history of the country. And we are gonna rise to this moment by being out there on the streets. There's nothing in what he is doing that is about peace or about restoring order. And he's trying to turn a protest that is pretty small into something that involves an even bigger confrontation so that he might actually be able to invoke the insurrection Act. So he wants more, they get away, they say we, oh, we want it to be Peaceful. But he knows very well how it will go if we get more. Yeah, of course.


And that's why I fully support President Trump meeting it at the intensity that it's had. I think we should be unafraid to sign the 1807 Insurrection Act if this continues. We cannot allow What happened in 2020 where we said, well, You know, local state officials, Nope, not gonna happen. We are going to meet force with force. You're going after police officers. We'll bring in the National Guard, we'll bring in the Marines. If you remember the 1992 May of 1992, Rodney King riots, they were engulfing Los Angeles. HW Bush signs the Insurrection Act within like half an hour. All of those thugs and all of those bandits went home and scattered because they, they were met with the one thing. They understand the only thing that what you are seeing on the streets right now, they understand it's not reason, it's not persuasion, it's not acquiescence, it's not surrender, it is force.


That's it. They need to see a stronger hand than that, that they have. And unfortunately there is an underbelly of America that wants to see the world burn, like Joker said in the dark night. Some people just want to watch the world burn. That is the Democrat party. They've never had gratitude for America. They've never loved our history. They've never loved our culture, our institutions. And I'm not saying every Democrat in the country believes this. I'm not even saying every Democrat politician does. I'm saying this though, that ideology is holding the entire Democrat party hostage. As you can see, it is dominant. And in LA one of the, once one of the greatest cities in America is a captured and a fallen place, I'm confident that we can liberate it because I actually believe deep down the vast majority of America is so on board with President Trump is doing.


This is one of the reasons why he won a popular vote majority. This is why he won electoral vote landslide. One of the major fundamental reasons is that President Trump was standing up against these elements of, of darkness. People want deportations. They want these criminals and these thugs out of the country. And again, if all the people that we were deporting were just, You know, nuns at the local Catholic church, then we wouldn't be seeing what we're seeing in the streets. Instead, it shows that there's a widespread, well connected and fierce network of criminals that we must remove from this country. The, the nerve of Gavin Newsom to try to say as he did yesterday in an expost that Trump is hoping for chaos and is trying to manufacture a crisis.


There's absolutely no reason for Trump to manufacture a crisis. Trump's approval, RA approval ratings are higher than they've ever been. They are higher at this point in this presidency than Obama had, than George W. Bush had, than than Biden had. So what, what incentive does Trump have to manufacture a crisis? Things are actually going quite well for Donald Trump right now. He's just trying to help the city of Los Angeles and the people out there, and also to send a message to other potential rioters in other cities. Don't start, don't even think about it. I'll kill it and it's crib. Totally. Let, let's play this out. So if he was who they say he was, wouldn't he just let LA burn?


They didn't vote for him. None of these people like him apparently. Right? Just let it burn. Who cares about la No, but he's actually a president for all Americans. It's not just about seeking revenge and prioritizing your friends. No. LA is one of the bluest cities in the country delivers Just for the audience against, we're looking at a picture of National Guard troops getting ready in, in, at a staging area in front of a building that has had Death to America spelled A-M-E-R-I-K-K-A. Of course, they're so dumb. They don't even realize that it's supposed to be three Ks in the KKK. Like, if we're gonna do it, please do it right without spelling errors. Anyway, that's what we're up against. Sorry Charlie for the interruption.


No, no, no. It it's, it's very astute. You point that out because again, this goes back to one of my life themes, which is I, I see that and I hear that on college campuses all the time. That varies. Well they usually add the K but that's a separate issue. But meaning what happens on college campuses will soon happen in the halls of Congress and in the streets. This is all an outgrowth of ideology that is formed and festered tried and incubated on college campuses. Now what is the core contention? Understand the core contention of what's animating them is they think California is theirs. Loza is a group that has been around in America for quite some time. They believe it. La Rza is an insurgency Mexican group that thinks that California is still Mexico's Yeah. As if Mexico would do a great job with California.


Mexico's a big country. Do you guys have anything close to California as far as the wealth and the prestige? No. There's something different between the United States and Mexico and we should appreciate that. That's why there's a lot more Mexicans that try to get into California than Californians that try to get into Mexico. And I'm not even necessarily even against Mexicans as people. You and I both know wonderful people that, that are from Mexico. The point is this, is that there is a parasitic ideology. And I wanna try to educate the audience quickly on this because in 2020 we had to try to learn about critical race theory. Remember we, we went deep and we learned about CRT and BLM and postmodernism and post-structuralism. And we learned about Robin DeAngelo and we read about Derek Bell and Kimberly Crenshaw. I want to open your audience's eyes to another type of idea toxin.


It's similar to CRT, but it's different. It is the open border ideology. It's closer to critical legal theory. It is that the world should have no borders. It is anti colonialist at its core. Anti-colonialism is the base of the modern Democrat party that there is no such thing as America. How many times have we heard that? Which is we're living on conquered and stolen land. When you guys hear land acknowledgements, remember that whole kind of goofy thing you've heard for years, Meghan? Yes. Where I wanna acknowledge that we're on the Iroquois land or the novel. That's where that, that's where this leads, which is that California is not America. Who are you to say that we're here illegally? No person is illegal. You're here on stolen land and you allow these idea toxins to manifest and to then grow with momentum unchallenged.


You are then met with a huge portion of the Los Angeles population that doesn't believe in America. But they'll certainly take money from the US government. They don't believe in our country, don't believe in our creed. And they are occupants on a land that they detest because they think that this place is actually theirs. And I believe that we're gonna see in the next coming months and maybe years a resurgence the same way that we saw CRT and woke him spread throughout our institutions. They're gonna attempt to do the same with anti-colonialism throughout so many of the power centers in our country. Very poorly timed, very poorly timed because the American people are overwhelmingly in favor of what Trump's doing on the deportations.


I agree. Not just at the border, but on the actual deportations. But what do you make of my theory that this is what's happening? Like why did the LAPD sit around for two hours letting this happen? I think it's the CVS theory that I was telling the audience about at the top where we actually pulled the video. Do you remember this moment? It happened in 2020 in the BLM riots. And it was just one of a million incidents that, that we've covered where, where law enforcement was going to be brought in. But the person thinking about bringing them in to stop crime was shamed about doing it as like if you call a cop, you're anti-black, you're an anti-black racist. And I do, I firmly believe this is why we've seen in so many pockets the erosion of law enforcement, the unwillingness to call them now.


Because you get shamed out of calling law enforcement if you're a civilian or being law enforcement and doing your job if you're a cop. If here was the moment in Washington DC in 2020 And you decided to call the police on two black people that stole, that allegedly took something from the store because you're willing to uphold the policy and they could have lost their lives. And I followed my company's policies, not your policies where I can appreciate Your concern. So you're willing to risk someone's life for what? $30,000 a year? That's, there was No risk in my opinion. Thank you. You have a great night. What is your name? My name is store manager. No, what is his name?


No one's gonna tell you my name When you're sitting here videotaping us so that you can try and elicit some sort of violence against you. It's not Gonna happen. Elicit violence against you. You just elicited violence against two black men by calling the police on them. Basically got To walk away when one of 'em had a warrant, it could have been arrested and the cops still let him go. Just let, listen to yourself. You work with black folks, you just remember that. Oh, blood boiling. But that's, I I believe this is why the LAPD sat there for two hours not doing anything. Totally. I want you to remember back in 2020 there was this book written by someone Hertz, while that NPR wrote the case for looting. The, the the western norms that you and I share, Meghan are not necessarily, they're, they're trying to deconstruct all of it.


That is what the Democrat party stands for, is that they don't believe in private property. They also, it is the LAPD. I don't know, was it a stand down order given by Karen Bass? We should look into all that. I would like to think the rank and file actually are really embarrassed de by what's happening. And they want definitely, I I would like to think that they're just Madden and angry at, at this. And again, I could tell you that this, this, that, that this dog would not hunt in many cities across the country in Dallas or in Oh yeah, Houston. Try this. Yeah. Why don't we try this in Lubbock, Texas and see how it goes. Or Miami. Yeah, exactly. Right. Or I think, I think in Florida they wouldn't put up with this nonsense, right? Yeah, yeah. And so Not coming to Tampa near you.


Totally. Yeah, that's right. And and so a a a a tie a a a tired and true rule, a tied and true rule is if you, what you put up with is what you get or you put up with what You permit, you promote. And Exactly. And so with this, with the rank and file of these, these criminal gangs, which by the way, let's just talk about for a second. These are, they're operating kind of like gangs, honestly, right? I mean this is, this is, these are, these are not the best that Los Angeles has to offer. Yeah. You shut down a highway and you start lobbing granite stones at police officers. And so the, the the lack of repudiation from the major networks and from the media, it's as if they want another summer where the country goes up in flames.


I would like to believe though, as horrible as this is, this will only make President Trump's approval rating go up. I'm sad to say that 'cause I don't wanna see my country burn. I don't like saying that Los Angeles is some sort of occupied city. But it is. And as you can see the footage on screen right now, do, do these people look like the best that we're immigrant? Does this look like the people we want or is that guy assimilating as he's punching right into the car? No, of course not. And if you import the third world, you get the third world. You see this in third worlds all the time. Massive mobs get what they want, they burn the nice stuff. It takes no talent whatsoever to go burn, to go destroy. My 2-year-old is really good at destroying.


It takes a lot of talent. In fact, it is unique in human history to build, to have wealth, to be rich. And America has done that and it's confounded the world. And now the third world wants to come here. And the only thing we ask when you come here is be grateful and assimilate. And apparently that's too much to ask. Instead they are leaching off of our country and they are filled with ratitude and venom and as you can see with widespread chaos in, in our streets. And we should not Put up and in disregard for human life. Like no, no normal person would ever throw cinder blocks or rocks off an overpass at the cars below that. That's Who we're importing. That's sick. I mean that's true.


And and frankly, I really don't care whether they're illegal or they're American. I really don't care. You, you need law enforcement to come and protect the ice agents who are there doing their job. That that is depraved indifference to life. Here's Maxine Waters always to be counted on for a absurd take representing her party. The Democrats reacting to it all and the National Guard coming into town sought 16. I don't know why we have guns. What are those guns for? Are they the shoe protestors? I mean there's no reason to be here with the National Guard. The president of the United States is a cruel, this honorable human being.


Just assume they shoot somebody down. But I don't want that to happen. Okay? It's, it's, it's not just her by the way. Okay. It's, there was another one, an LA city council member, UIs Hernandez, who went even further than Maxine take a listen to this person in so 15. They know how quickly we mobilized. That's why they're changing tactics because community defense works and our resistance has slowed them down before. And if they're escalating their tactics, then so are we. When they show up, when they show up, we gotta show up even stronger. And there, there are signs behind her that read no deport.


I can't do it. No, no deportion. So you can't deport anybody. And when ice steps up its tactics, this little lady, I think Unisis Hernandez is gonna step up her tactics against ice. And then they wonder, Maxine Waters wonders what the National Guard is doing here. I don't know why they're here with their guns. You should talk to Unisis Maxine, you, you, you girls should have a chat. Yes. And again, the reason that they have guns is the only thing these people understand is more force is a bigger weapon. That's all they understand. There's no reasoning with them. And by the way, we're not gonna give them anything that they want. We're not gonna stop the deportations.


There'll only be even more after this. We need to get to four to five to 6,000 a day. And understand this is that the LA field office was really lagging in deportations for a couple months. Very obvious that the deportation officers there didn't really know what they were doing. 'cause they didn't have to do this for the last couple months. And it's been publicly reported. But Stephen Miller basically started screaming at the ice guys being like, where are your numbers to get them up? And this is really prompted by the guys getting into the field and all of a sudden you're like, you can't touch our people. Actually we can and we will. And you're going back to Mexico since you love it so much. And in fact we'll buy you a plane ticket. You can go back and since the border's secure, you're not gonna be able to come back in. And that's also what they understand is that in, in a prior administration, okay, you get deported, you just come right back.


Right? Remember how many times we heard Meghan, oh, he is been six times deported, seven times deported. You just kind of come on back. It's a little bit of a, a logistical inconvenience. Now the border is completely secure. It is totally secure. So there's no, there's no more coming back in. And then the question is, how many illegals are actually in this country? Is it 20, 25 million, 30 million? Is it 10% of our country? Nobody knows and nobody actually even cares to try to find out. And there you have elected leaders that are citing who is their constituency? Their constituency are not Americans. Right? And then you failed to be a nation when your constituency is foreigners. Why? Why are her signs in Spanish?


No deportion. I think we get to decide that. Not un you don't get to decide that. Sorry. We had a whole election. We're the entire country voted. Yep. That we don't want illegals in this country. You lost. You lost. That's right. Here is Maxine Waters was causing all sorts of antics yesterday. 'cause she loves to see her face on camera. But there was the SEIU president, the union president, this guy David Huerta out there who thought it would be a great idea to try to obstruct allegedly the access of these federal agents at a work site, right? They're going place to place Tom Holman and his guys are going place to place to try to find illegals and get 'em outta here. And this guy, David Horta is accused of SEIU president trying to interfere with that at a work site according to the US attorney for the central District of California.


And he got arrested. So they arrested the SEIU president out there for interfering in this behavior. Good. And then Maxine tried to inject herself into the scenario by going to the facility, the federal facility where he's being held and trying to force her way in, in the midst of all this chaos. Okay? Like all the law enforcement, including those managing this facility, have enough to deal with, right? With actual criminals who are getting arrested, trying to hurt law enforcement agents, You know, throwing the bricks, all the stuff, lighting cars on fire. And she decides now would be a great opportunity for a photo app photo op for her to go to this facility and try to check on David. She wants to check on him and she got exactly the treatment she should get.


And every, anyone like her should get who tries to interfere in the midst of a crisis with what our cops are doing. Here's What happened. Congress one water, I just came lose my congressional. I thought, ma'am, I lobby secure right now, 12 visitors, excuse me, I need to get in contact our public apparel. I need to get in. She tried to stick her hand in the door as they closed it, and to their credit, they closed it anyway, she had to pull her hand out and then she gave an interview after the fact playing the victim Charlie. And it's just the theatrics is just was so tired and, and just dumb.


Right? And this is again, this, this is the state of the Democrat party. I mean, wait, Can I ask you, I'm sorry to interrupt you. I asked you, but like yes please. You said, you said theatrics. How about Gavin Newsom the hell? Oh no, the hell is I like, who's a better actor? I'm sure they're both up for an award. I was watching him on MSN bbc. He's got a new hand motion. I was gonna text him. It's the, it's this, it's got like, You know, usually it's kind of this and then he's doing this, it's hand motion. He's doing this thing on M-S-N-B-C, he's doing this whole thing. Look, he is, he is the fakest person I think I've ever met in my entire life. So synthetic. And honestly that's very dangerous. Like incredibly dangerous. Like he's the type of person that could just like stare at you like, oh yeah, I voted for Trump.


And just like pass a lie detector test that, that is very, very Dan, You know, just comp stone cold, just like no, no inhibitions whatsoever when it comes the deceit or lying or misleading. But again, Gavin wants to be president. So this is, this is him trying to recover from, You know, the damage that he got after the podcast I had with him. Remember I asked him, what do you doing about transports? He did nothing and all that And he got a huge left flank. So how do you, this is very instructive. How do you get yourself back into the Democrat primary circle? How do you win backs? You let your city burn. Nothing gets you back into the, the incredible, the good wishes of the Democrat party. Nothing makes you a popular Democrat than the smell of ashes and burning the burning city.


In fact, remember Gwen Waltz who said, I I I rolled down my window after Minneapolis was burning and the smell of tires was invigorating 'cause it smelled like People, people were joking that I'm paraphrasing. Gwen Wallace is booking a a plane ticket to LA right now. Oh no. 'cause she, she, she stand, she loves the smell of napalm in the morning, but this time it's the smell of rioting in the morning. Standby Quick ad Charlie stays with us for the full show and there's so much more to get to.


You know that moment at night when you're locking up, you're turning off the lights and you just wanna feel completely safe before heading to bed. That is what SimpliSafe can give you. Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in that's too late. Simply safes new active guard Outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents detect suspicious activity around your property. If someone is lurking agents talk to them in real time. They turn on spotlights and they can call the police proactively deterring crime before it starts. No contracts, no hidden fees named Best Home Security System of 2025 by cnet. More than 4 million Americans trust SimpliSafe. They have monitoring plans start around one buck a day plus a 60 day money back guarantee. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash megan to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe spelled S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/megan. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


If you are looking for a Father's Day gift that he will absolutely love, I have something for you, something special Check something unique, check something he'll actually use and love. Check, check. It's salt. Yes, but wait, it's hot Salt from Firecracker Farm. Hot Salt is a craft spice and its savory Heat is made by a family company right on their farm. They infuse all natural coarse sea salt with the perfect amount of hot pepper in handcrafted blends you can't get anywhere else. Housed in sleek stainless steel push grinders. They feel great in your hand and they're surprisingly fun to use, portable, shareable, and totally unique. It's delicious and beautifully presented and an awesome gift for Dad, but they only make it in small batches. So if you want it in time for Father's Day, get moving before they sell out. Go to Firecracker Farm right now and use the code mk a checkout for a special discount. Yes, that's Firecracker Farm Code, mk. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. You'll thank me.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Charlie weighing in on Trump and his staff and in particular Stephen Miller who is the architect of the very popular policy when it comes to illegals is A BC News's. Terry Moran, their senior national correspondent, this guy's been with a B, C since 1997. He was the Chief White House correspondent under W under Clinton as well. He was co-anchor of Nightline from oh five to 13. He was a BC News's chief foreign correspondent from 13 to 18 and he's been senior national correspondent for the past almost, well, I dunno, seven, eight years now. He also leads the network's Supreme Court coverage.


This guy is as rabidly partisan as they come. Correct. He fits in perfectly at a b, C news perfectly and in a moment. That was kind of stunning. But the sentiment not surprising from him. He got on X at 12:06 AM Sunday meaning six after midnight Saturday night, guarantee you the guy out. A little bit of drunk. Yeah, yeah. I mean what like what else would let him, would make him take the mask down? Like the veil's down The sentiments are as they always have been, but the veil came down And he decided to post the following on X. The thing about like just outta the blue, or maybe it's because of the LA riots.


The thing about Steven Miller, it's not that he's the brains behind Trumpism. Yes, he is one of the people who conceptualizes the impulses of the Trumpist movement and translates them into policy. But that's not what's interesting about Miller. So far we're okay so far. He hasn't said anything he could say. What's interesting about him is that he's a great orator And he can sell it better than anybody. That tweet could have landed in a place that wouldn't have gotten him in trouble, but that's not where it went. He went on to say it's not brains, it's Bile. Miller is a man who is richly endowed with the capacity for hatred. He is a world class hater. You can see this just by looking at him because you can see that his hatreds are his spiritual nourishment.


He eats his hate. Trump is a world-class hater, but his hatred is only a means to an end. And that end is his own glorification. That's his spiritual nourishment. So this is supposed to be an objective, unbiased, right down the middle, not just correspondent, but Chief national correspondent, a leader with an A, b, C news. And I posted this on X after I saw it, he later deleted it when he probably sobered up that he should have been fired immediately. There shouldn't have even been a discussion that this is correct. Of course, this is beyond question, a fireable offense for anyone whose job it is to maintain objectivity and to be trusted by the entire country, not just half of it.


A, B, C news. Having seen lots of tweets and feedback like that, announced the next day and told to The Megyn Kelly Show directly, quote, a BC News stands for objectivity and impartiality in its news coverage and does not condone subjective personal attacks on others. The post does not reflect the views of a, b, c news and violated our standards. As a result, Terry Moran has been suspended, pending further evaluation from an A BC news spokesperson. Suspended, not fired, no apology to Steven Miller, nor to President Trump from either Moran or abc of course, because let's face it, they all agree and are secretly applauding what he wrote.


Of Course, I I mean, every major journalist in the DC Press Corps with maybe one or two exceptions, believes exactly what Terry Moran wrote. And what was his big contention? Was it evidence-based? Was it cited? No, it's how he looks. That's right, Megan. You can tell. He says you could just, you, you could just tell, okay, well, Terry Moran, we could just tell a lot by looking at you. But that's not relevant to this discussion. Actually, you're a deeply unhappy person who's like rage tweeting at six minutes past midnight against the deputy chief of staff because you don't agree with him politically. I mean, okay, so the, the but media trust is at an all time low and it's only going lower.


President Trump has an amazing ability to break these people and to really show them as a mask off moment. And a BC has been at the forefront of the pedaling of so many hoaxes the last couple of years. I'll be curious your thoughts, Megan. I actually think he's probably gonna be brought back because I don't think they wanna try to show that, You know, MAGA got a scalp. He'll be, You know, be in the wilderness for two or three years and two or three months try to recover a little bit and come back and say, You know, I was, at the time, I was a little inebriated and said stuff I shouldn't. And boom, he's back and act as if nothing happened. But at, at its fundamental core that journalists are activists, they're not tell, they're not trying to explore truth.


They're not trying to challenge authority. These are activists, these are, people remember that actively covered up the biggest political scandal in modern American history, if not American history, which was biden's cognitive decline, which was who was running the country, who was signing the documents. And people like Terry Moran were actively calling people like me, a conspiracy theorist, and you Megan, for even saying that he's not running the country. Instead it's a unelected poll bureau. So I'm actually kind of glad to see this Terry Moran and his like deserve to be publicly humiliated because the fact that he actually put this out in a tweet goes to show that the private feelings are finally made being made public.


Make no mistake, almost every single journalist that you are reading in the New York Times or CNN shares every sentiment that Terry Moran said publicly. 100% they hate Stephen Miller the first term. Correct. There were countless articles about how he's an alleged white supremacist just because he wants to enforce our borders. And that's really what Moran has to be referring to. 'cause that's been the mo most out front position for Miller in Trump 2.02. And that's why he says, you can see he's a world class hater. You can see it just by looking at him because you can see that his hatreds are his spiritual nourishment. He eats his hate. I think there's a bit of reflect of, of projection there, right.


That or transference, my mom would say it's called totally. In any event where it's like his own hatred, it's his TDS right there, which I can see all over him. It's eating him up. Absolutely. And he's projecting it on or transferring it onto Steven Miller here. Lemme tell you a little bit about Terry Moran. Terry Moran Moran, just a couple of examples of his past coverage of Trump. In 2021, he referred to Trump as the furor in the Republican party. Oh, during ABC's coverage of the Trump impeachment trial saying, sounds Impartial. Yeah. That, that, that that's what, that's how Trump reminded him, mom, that, that Trump has rep the Republican party as a personalized power like we have never seen.


It's a cardello, it's a Caesar, it's a furor. We don't see that in this country. We do now. He invoked na Nazi adjacent comparisons when describing Trump after his first inaugural address in January of 17. It carries with it overtones from the 1930s when an anti-Semitic movement said, we don't wanna get involved in Europe's war. It's the Jews' fault in Germany. Charles Lindbergh led them, it's a term as he defined it in his way, but the, the words carry ugly echoes in our history. That's how he interpreted Trump's pre inaugural address. And then let's just see, maybe he's tough on all presidents, Charlie, maybe he's just got like an anti-authority strain, which is healthy. And a reporter. Let's see what he did with Barack Obama when he was taking the office as president back in 2009.


Oh, here's the quote. Barack Obama is the first president since George Washington to be taking a step down into the Oval Office. Unbelievable. He's above the oval. You see, step Down. Barack Obama had accomplished absolutely nothing other than being an Illinois senator and then a US Senator for one term. Like 18 months. Yes, Exactly. Yes. And actually had absolutely nothing to, to point to as an accomplishment in that role. But you see, he was taking a step down into the old 'cause he is above the presidency, whereas Trump is the furor who's echoing Nazi language from the 1930s in his inaugural address.


He got it. So to no one's surprise, he sees Trump and his chief deputy on policy as full of heat that's eating them alive. And, and again, I wanna just repeat this, that he, every single one of those people in those briefing room who pretend to be objective, they're, they're, they're identical to his viewpoint. And Megan, this is why I think my podcast is growing and why your podcast is growing is the American people realize that they have these supercomputers in their right hand pocket, their iPhones. Why do I have to listen to you Terry Moran? Why do I have to listen to you David Muir? Why do I have to listen to you? NBCI don't even know if Lester Holt is still there. I can't keep track of who's on what now. I literally don't watch recently any of the networks.


Yeah. I don't watch CBSI don't watch A BC, I don't watch NBC. The only time I've ever seen them is when there's like a bubble up of something crazy that they say like Margaret Brennan when JD Vance kind of delivered the truth to her. And, but the, the, the most important element of this is I wish we actually had a functioning media. It'd be good for our country. It'd be good if people like Terry Moran weren't actually in charge as a senior national correspondent or someone that was in charge of the news flow in our country. We would have a much better nation. We would've a much stronger country. But instead the Press Corps has done nothing to earn our trust. They never apologized after Russiagate. One of the greatest scandals.


They actively covered up Joe Biden. They lied and lied and lied during COVID six feet to slow the spread. The vaccine is safe and effective. You gotta get masks and vax to save your grandma's life. And we gotta shut down schools. And these people have never apologized. They've shown no contrition whatsoever. And instead they have hostility, not just the Stephen Miller, but to Trump's voters. And you could tell yes. I mean, Terry Moran that kind of rage tweet at like six minutes past midnight. He's like obsessed with Stephen Miller. Like this guy is living rent free in your head that like Stephen Miller's existence is a threat to Terry Moran's inner peace. He's a deeply troubled person whose very unhappy, whose meaning is trying to destroy the lives of others.


And that's the other sad part, Megan. I agree. If you're kind of like an equal opportunity offender and you kind of go after everybody and expose Republicans, Democrats, fine. That's actually healthy in a reporter. But if you seek to be a reporter to make others' people success go away or to destroy others, you're a masochist like that, that that is, that is at its core, one of the more dark elements of the modern media core where they don't wanna actually expose stories. They want to take people out. Specifically Conserv. Yeah. They're In they're world. They're in costume. They're in costume. Yes. As they pose as the reporters of yesteryear when it would, would've been unheard of. Brit Hume, my mentor at Fox News was the Chief White House correspondent for a BC news at its heyday covering Ronald Reagan, the Cold War.


You know, tossing back to Peter Jennings, who was relentless on his factual pursuit and would just beat up Brit all the time. Britt would talk about it. And Brit brought that same gift to our newsroom and to me, and I greatly benefited from all of it. But he would never, You know how fast Britt would've been fired at a b, C back in the day? Oh geez. If he had posted anything like that. It it, you it would not have been that. And that's why I know a BC news is not going to fire Terry Moran. They, they don't need to investigate anything. He, we already know what the sin was. We read it. It's not like what they need time. They just don't think it's a fireable offense. Yep. And I'll tell, I'll show you why they don't think it's a fireable offense.


Here is their chief news anchor, the face of the network who they love and promoted every chance. David Muir, in a moment that will be very familiar to you and our audience, Mr. President, for three and a half years after you lost the 2020 election, you repeatedly, falsely claimed that you won many times saying you won in a landslide. In the past couple of weeks leading up to this debate, you have said, quote, you lost by a whisker that you quote didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short. I said that, are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020? No, I don't acknowledge that at all. Say that you said that sarcastically. You know that. Hey, we said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically.


Look, there's so much proof. All you have to do is look at it and they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval country. I did watch all of these pieces of video. I I didn't detect the sarcasm lost by whisker. We didn't quite make it. And we should just point out here as clarification. And you know, this, you and your allies, 60 cases in front of many judges, many of them Republican. No judge looked at it and said there was no widespread fraud. They didn't outstanding, Okay. He didn't detect the, the sarcasm either presidential debate 'cause he's a human lie detector and also feeling czar. And I'll give you one more. Here's their chief anchor. That's how they refer to him. I think he used to be chief political, now he's just chief anchor, I guess because they got too much heat. But here's their other favorite, favorite anchor at a b, c news. I'm not talking a, B, c, which would include the view.


Don't get me started. Th these are newsmen, ostensibly at a b, C news. Here's their other favorite. And you've endorsed Donald Trump for president judges and two separate juries have found him liable for rape. Donald Trump has been found liable for rape by a jury. I'm asking you a question about why you endorse someone who's been found liable for rape. They're trying to shame someone who's been found liable for rape. You have to answer the question, why are you supporting someone who's been found liable for rape? They are afraid to come forward, as you said, because they're defamed by those who commit the rape. You don't find it offensive that Donald Trump has been found liable for rape. Well, actually what you're doing is defending a man who's been found liable for rape. I don't understand how you can do that.


The judge affirmed that it was in fact rape. Donald Trump was found to have committed rape. That's just a fact that It's not a fact. What George Stef AOP said was defamatory and it cost a b, c news $15 million. Neither man was fired. Charlie and Terry Moran won't be fired either. No. And if I remember the the case details, it was that he was found liable for like defamation regarding the case with Eugene Carroll. Anyway, I, And he was found liable on the underlying claim for, for sexual Yes. Committing a sexual assault against Eugene Carroll, but not for rape. There was a box on the jury form. Did he commit rape? And it was checked.


No, Stephanopoulos was totally wrong. You had an activist left wing judge who in writing up What happened in the, in the case that's later tried to say, well, by saying sexual assault, they, they meant rape, but it that was bullshit. They actually did not find rape. And that's why a BC news had to pay $15 million but didn't fire the anchor Of co. Of course not. And that's why I I don't think Terry Moran will be fired. And by the way, the David Muir thing, there was many other highlights from that or lowlights from that debate with Kamala Harris, where President Trump had a debate. Literally two people at once, A, B, C, just like all the other networks, CBS and NBC, of course they should not be trusted. I'm interested to, so to see as their viewership continues to go down, will they ever adjust their model?


They are so activist driven. They are so concerned with trying to put forward an ideological agenda, not trying to inform the public, not trying to quote unquote get both sides. And like I, I'd have to go back to like Terry Moran, what was he thinking? That's who he is though. And again, during moments like this, we have these great reveals where we always knew he felt that way. You could always just tell, because You know, Megan, that's how it works. Now, we could just tell by looking at him that there's something discontent when it comes to President Trump and the i I want to live in a country where we can trust A, B, C and CBS and NBC, but they have committed suicide.


And because of that, we are seeing ascendant alternative media. And I think the country is better because of it. Here's here's the thing. The, you mentioned in your previous answer about how they're disdain the press and the Democrats is not just for Trump, it's for his voters. And and that is true, which is why, like, they, they don't care. That's why Terry Marin didn't care about making that post at 12:06 AM He was like f these disgusting people. I don't want them watching NBC news. And by the way, I didn't even mention Jimmy Kimmel, who's their late night host who has actually said, I don't care if you don't watch me, if you don't watch me, because I of my stance on the Second Amendment good riddance to you.


And in then he corrected himself. Well, not good rids riddance, but riddance riddance to you, they don't care. And then out nowhere, correct, you get Jason Bateman, okay. Who for the most part I think has done a decent job of keeping himself out of the political lane until he launched this ly named show Smartless, in which he's got two other celeb partners and they talk about Hollywood and they interview their Hollywood buddies. And I don't listen to Smartless, but there it seems clear to me that they're liberals, which fine, who no one cares. You can be a liberal being a stupid liberal who, who says inane things about the country and about Trump supporters.


Now, now we're gonna talk. Yep. Now you're gonna make it onto The Megyn Kelly Show. And Charlie Kirk is gonna have some, some thoughts on you. And this is what he said. He went on Nicole Wallace's podcast Oh yeah. Called the Best People. It's called The Best People. And so she puts him on and listened to what this guy who the whole country, not just lefties, lefties, righties, Trump supporters and others, made a multimillionaire, made a household name. Listen to the arrogance of this guy. Do you ever see a day, and I know this is kind of a third rail for politics, but at what point, if ever do you think this story would change from reporting on the outrageousness of Trump and his actions, his decisions, his words, and instead move to the people that have voted for him twice.


And and I know that goes back to the whole story of deplorables and like as soon as that happened, everyone just backed off and don't ever talk bad about, You know, America and the, and the 80 million. So, but he's never changed. Like yeah, he's always been the same. He didn't do a 180 and dupe everybody when he got to the White House. It's the people that have put him there and then put him there again, that really deserve a great deal of responsibility. And are talking to, I'm sorry. And, and I say that with love talking to, It's Everything we've been talking about. They either don't believe the bad things. They think Democrats are worse. They found something they really didn't like about Biden and then Harris, They deserve a talking to because they are the problem Trump voters.


Charlie, Shut up Marty Bird. That's all I have to say. I mean, it's just, I, the, if you understand the Ozark reference, I mean, look, so first of all, Nicole Wallace is totally insufferable. Like who would voluntarily spend time listening to her podcast? We'll, we'll see if it succeeds. I I have my doubts. But look, the, the, what Bateman is getting at though is a, is a condemnation of America, which kind of connects with our immigration topic. They hate the country. They, and a country is made up of its people. And he, he has like this belief that if you, if you were to go into a diner in Midland, Texas, he has contempt for those people, people that go to church, people that own guns, people that actually make the country work.


And it, it is the posity that is embedded and it's nothing really new. We've seen this over the last couple of years. But instead of trying to seek to understand why they're losing the country to seek, to understand why people are voting for President Trump, no, they'll keep on attacking them as deplorables or clingers or as Joe Biden called them garbage, if you remember that right before the election. Yeah. And It was my Halloween costume that year. Again, the, yeah, I, it was, and when President Trump won, wore the garbage outfit in Wisconsin, it was one of the more legendary moments. And and here's where the de again, I'm not here to give Democrats political advice, but if, if you say this, then you're part of the problem.


Quote, everyone I know hates Donald Trump, you're part of the problem. If everybody, You know, hates the current president who won a popular vote majority and an electoral vote landslide, you're, you are incapable of understanding the country, especially if you are a journalist especially. But, but, but if you're a journalist, Charlie, but What about the fact that, like, he, to me, he's just like Michelle Obama, like we made you rich beyond your wildest imagination. This country gave you so much in riches and rewards and let you do the thing that you love so much to act for money. That's something a lot of people would do for free.


A Gavin Newsom and, and who's the other one? Who, who, what's her name? We're like amazing actors. Maxine Waters in their little bits. They, they're doing it practically for free. But Justin Bateman had from his time on Little House on the Prairie to Ozark and everything in between has received nothing but love from Yes. The right half of this country who never gave two shits about his politics and whether he shared theirs or understood them, and what is their reward. Once he gets to the so-called top, he feels the need to take a massive dump all over them. It's so offensive. It's so out of touch.


It's so ungrateful. Yeah. And again, it's just, there, there's so many elements and wrinkles to this. Just to, to reiterate it further, the Jason, the country cannot continue. Yeah. When, when the country cannot continue, if the cultural and political and media elites just don't even seek to understand the half of the country that is falling away from them. And what is so interesting is that almost every single Trump supporter knows people that voted for Kamala Harris. But a lot of Kamala Harris voters don't know anybody that voted for Donald Trump. And I, I encourage people to run that test.


I guarantee you that the, and and, and if you sever a relationship with someone who voted for Donald Trump, you're a bad person. Yes. If you are gonna sever a relationship based on politics, there's something deeply wrong with you. You're a, you're sick especially, oh, Meghan, the worst thing, the worst part of my job, and I travel the country all the time. I have an amazing job, super blessed to speak across the country. The worst part of my job is moms that come up to me and they say, I can't see my grandkids because my son says I'm a Trump supporter. So I'm, I'm cut off from seeing my grandkids. It's happening all the time, Megan, that people are holding their grandkids hostage based on political views. And you could extrapolate that in any possible way imaginable.


And so I'm not even sure how we're gonna heal this. We have to just push, we have to push through it. And, and one, one side note on Michelle Obama, can we just note how overrated she is and like all the hype on Michelle Obama, oh, she's gonna run for office and she's just, I I don't wanna get into the aesthetics of all of it, but the presentation of her podcast is terrible. She's just whining all the time and she's complaining. Right. Again, I'm not trying to look in people's looks. That's not what I'm doing. I'm just saying the whole aura of it to use a Gen Z term is terrible. It's negative. It's just kind of her lamenting. And then she's, obviously there's problems with her daughters and all that. I don't wanna get into that. But we, we built up on the right, Michelle Obama is gonna be the hardest person ever to run against.


And her book so wrong, sold so many copies. And my goodness, you want talk about the most overrated political hype of a generation, it would go to Michelle Obama. Anyway, that's just a side note that's been on my mind for a While. You're so i'll. I'm happy to make fun of her. Look, it's very strange. I'm, it was Benny Johnson who dubbed that one hairstyle, Thete Sours. I'm not, I'm I'm not getting into that. She Like three bumps on the back sta sours. It's very strange. Speaking of Michelle Obama and her podcast and Democrats who diminish Republican voters as a bunch of no nothings or villains. And Jason, Jason Bateman's case, by the way, I'm on team Justine Bateman, she's the best Bateman here is Michelle Obama.


I dunno, within the past week or so, I've been trying to get to this soundbite for a couple of days now on Trump voters, female voters in particular, this is a woman's supposed to understand America. Well, I can't wait to hear. And the Women of America, and she supports other women. She's a feminist hero. Here she is. Can't wait to hear this. This is why I implore implore the, the men in in the world who have women that they say they care about daughters that they are raising, that this is their issue too. I mean, to, to, for, for men to sit on their hands over this issue and trade out women's health for a tax break or whatever it is, is a sad statement about that.


That that that man's level of value of the women in their lives. And there are a lot of men who have, they, they have big chairs at their, their tables. You know, there are a lot of women who vote the way their man is gonna vote what it happened in this election. Got it. Republican women are too dumb to make up their own minds about President Trump. They did it because they're men told them to after that ridiculous, remember that ad the Democrats ran with Julia Roberts voiceover where the women, Remember it's our little secret. Yeah. This is what they think of this is what they Think of Republican women. Of course. I mean, look, first of all, just like the embedded kind of just implied chauvinism that all of our relationships in the Trump world are like, we tell our wives exactly what to do.


It's like, okay, no, we, we all have agency. Okay. Secondly, I just have to comment on this. She is really lost a step just embedded in her language is like she's really let Donald Trump break her. I mean she used to have Yeah, don't you agree? She used to present a lot better and with like more zest and more energy and more intensity. It's like this Michelle Obama just looks broken and she, she's kind of doing the wine mom thing and she's just kind of like, totally, I'm just like, just kind of meandering through life anyway. I'm not upset about it Populated like every 30 seconds with what about me? No one asks about me, Me. Totally. Exactly. Or I mean, just, I mean for, and, and Megan, I know, I know you'll take this in good stride, but she's like, we black women need to complain more.


Yeah. That's the problem with black women is not enough complaining. She said that like a couple weeks. That's right. I mean, look, it just, I'll put that aside. People can, it's a lot. Yeah, that's definitely the problem in the black community. Right? Not enough complaining. But anyway, to her con her, She's doing more than her fair share. Oh, oh yes. No, she, she's, she's at, she's at her complaining quotient. But WI guess she's talking about abortion there as if like, oh, You know, woman's health. But this, let me, let me just be clear. Let not a single Trump voting mail in the world is ever going to be been one be won over by complaining Michelle Obama just to make sure we're all keeping score here, right? Yeah. Just there, there, there's not, there's not a welder right now in Des Moines, Iowa that's like, you're right, I'm gonna go vote for the Democrat party because Michelle Obama makes such a great case and a great point.


But what an insult as Michelle Obama is silent on the, the, the stealing of women's championships from men, as if there's just like one issue that we have to hyperfocus on. And the Democrat party tried that this last November and it failed, is it turns out that there is a lot more issues than that one that Michelle Obama wants us to hyper fixx it on. Here's, here's the, the other thing about Michelle Obama, she is a and at every turn she is talking about how much she can't stand her husband. She can't stand marriage and she can't, she can't stand America. I could talk about Michelle Obama for an hour, I think this is hilarious.


I just think it's great. It's truly amazing. So, but like it's not just what's interesting about her Yes. Is how you're right. She's lost his step and we all thought she'd be way more fierce than she turned out to be. But she is a mouthpiece for the Democrat party, both officially and unofficially. And the unofficial part is what's interesting, like in the same way Terry Moran gave us a view behind the veil on how journalists behave, she gave us a view Yep. On how the vast majority of her party does feel about Republicans, about republican women. Like it's, it's actually not that surprising to see how much she can't stand us. And I mentioned that ad, that ad that was put out by Democrats, they wanted us to see it. They, it was all about how women should disobey their overbearing Republican husbands secret.


Totally. No, that's secret, right? I forgot about that secret. That's exactly right. Secret. We pulled It. Yes. Here it is. This is the Democrats and Julia Roberts Your turn honey, Let's vote Here in the one place in America where women still have a right to choose. You can vote any way you want. Two women are looking at each other with a pen over, over, over Tim Walls one Kamala. And they fell out for Kamala. Did you make the right choice? Sure did. Honey remember what happens in the booth? Stays in the booth. Terry Moran, I mean Justin Bateman, Julia Roberts, Michelle Obama.


It's a Democrat problem. Yes. And I just as a side note to that ad, I I, it is so destructive and bad. You wanna know why we have a rebellion, Michelle Obama? 'cause in every caricature of white men, they come across as spa space cadets in every fictional caricature. Right? They're dumb. They're kind of, You know, happy go low. I don't know what's going on. Right. And you want, we as men are tired of being portrayed that way. You can kind of tell, he's just kinda like, oh, You know, did you vote for the right person? Just they're trying to make it look as if he's kind of clueless and that there's really no inbred marital bond there. Yes. They're Trying to make him seem inbred. And I, I just, I really, I find it so objectionable as a, as an American man who wants to see, You know, a resurgence of the best form of masculinity is just that sort of, You know, that beating down of the lowest form of man is real, really, really bad.


And it needs to stop because we see it in all sorts through a fictional telling of it's always the dad who kind of doesn't know what's going on, doesn't pay the bills. He's like mildly overweight anyway. But no, the at its core, Michelle Obama is a very interesting story because the Democrats thought that she would save them at some point because they're so celebrity focused on the Democrat party. And hilariously, we as Republicans have never been celebrity focused. We just happened to get Donald Trump who kind of came down the escalator and kind of just reinvigorated the Republican party in a way we never could. But now the Democrat party look around, who are they gonna turn to? And again, that's a whole deeper and more, You know, robust conversation.


But the America does not want someone who is just going to kind of emotion complain their way to the, the, the future of the Democrat party. And yeah, one last note on that ad, not only did it not work, I think it backfired in a major way. I think a lot of moms and a lot of wives found it to be so insulting that marriages are just kind of s like these kind of separate domains and they're not a covenant between husband and wife. And I remember I came out really hard against that ad Megan and so many libs were like, I'm never gonna tell my husband who I vote for. It's none of his business. I'm like, yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure that marriage is gonna last really long.


Right, right. Yeah. That that right. That, that, that's, that sounds like a recipe for success. But that's what they think of Republicans. That they think if you have a traditional marriage, of course, let's say, or or or a one in which the husband is the primary wage earner and the mom is a more traditional stay home wife, that she's controlled by the husband. Like you say, she has no agency. She's not her own person. She can't make up her own mind or make, come to her own decisions. She's a know nothing neanderthal. And this is female empowerment in their view to, to paint correct Republican women who choose a different path from Michelle Obama as absolute nimrods who can't make up their own minds and just controlled by their husbands. And really just need to be coaxed into that voting box to have one moment of empowerment.


And it would be to vote for Kamala Harris. It's not as I point out, this is a, this is a, this is all of them. I mean, I keep calling him Justin Bateman 'cause I really wanna make him into Justine. Who's the good Bateman? He's Jason. But it's not just Jason Bateman. It's not just Michelle Obama. It's not just Terry Moran. All of these people, these Democrat spokesmen, both the officials and the unofficial, the celebs, the non celebs that, that is how they see the right half of the country. And we have to stop patronizing their films, their television projects, their podcasts. Totally. And making them rich. Why are we helping them? You know, George Clooney is the latest, of course, who was totally complicit and covering up the Joe Biden mental infirmity until he imploded.


I know. I and his loser play is now being aired on CNN because I guess they haven't gotten enough eyeballs on it. So they aired it on Saturday night. Apparently nobody watched except for Brian Stelter. Brian Stelter watched it and thought it was deeply profound, Charlie, it was deeply profound. And then he gave an interview George Clooney did on CNN. And here's a clip from his predictions. I know you were waiting, you think you're close to Trump world. He's even, he's even closer. He's got the inside scoop on what's gonna happen with Trumpism post Donald Trump. It's so 31. Do you think Trumpism last beyond this Term? Don't think so. I think, I think it'd be very hard to do it.


Remember this, Donald Trump is a celebrity. That's what he is. I mean, he's got a, You know, he has a star in Hollywood Boulevard. I don't have a star in Hollywood Boulevard. He's, I'm not lobbying for one. I'm just saying, You know, he seems like an oversight, by the way, what's going on? He's a celebrity and he's the president of the United States. And so he has been elected, duly elected Fair deal. I'm not complaining about that. That's how it works. That's how this democracy works. But he's also a celebrity And he is a charming. And to the people who like him, they think he's funny to a great many others, they don't. And so when he is finished And he will be finished, they're gonna have to go looking for someone who can deliver the message that he delivered with the same kind of charisma.


And they don't have that Thoughts. Well, First of all, I, I have to say, I hate how good of an actor he is. I'm sorry, I just have to say it. He's like actually a good actor. I know people might disagree, but I, I do think he's a good actor. Number two, it's a little bit actually more of a watered down Clooney than I would've expected before watching that. Meaning he like acknowledged Trump won and it was, it was a little less like rage induced. It was better than the Bateman clip, let me put it that way. It was much better than the Bateman one. But the third one, I think that Clooney, of course is wrong about the fundamental thing I think, I think that Trumpism or MAGA is, which is a better way of putting it, is here to stay. We have JD Vance, we have this whole network of decentralized truth tellers.


You're one of them Megan and I'm one of them truckers. You know, we have this incredible network that is gonna push this forward. And I, that is big time Democrat cope. If they think that this is just celebrity, it's a lot deeper than that. There is a philosophical, there is a philosophical worldview under the Trump movement. And it might shift a little bit, it might adjust, but it would, it is what our nation matters more than abstract, globalist ideology that we don't want men and female sports, we can call it common sense, but a return to the normal life, a return to the good life in America, which is you're able to get married and have children not be worried that your 8-year-old is gonna have transgender pornography presented to them that they want.


We wanna have a border. We don't wanna have endless war. I don't think that those sentiments are going anywhere, Meghan. In fact, I think they are here to stay. I think that they've taken over the Republican party and George Clooney can wish it and can hope for it. But it is a major cope to just think that Donald Trump's ascent and popularity is simply due to his popularity as a celebrity. I think it's a lot deeper than that. It's about a worldview that has become very popular with the American people. Yeah. You just wait and find out George Clooney. You just wait and see if it was just Donald Trump. That's right. Mark. The moment we're on the subject of Broadway with George Clooney. So I've gotta show you, 'cause this ties in perfectly.


Another reason why Donald Trump is not going to be a person specific phenomenon is the Democrats have lost their mind culturally. Last night was the Tony Awards. You know, these are the awards. Like we have the Emmys for television, we have the Oscars for movies, and we have the Tonys for Broadway. And the person who won for best actor, which is interesting, that is a gendered term best actor in a play, is someone named Cole Escola. And now I am showing you a picture of Cole Cola, which from afar you might not recognize as anything controversial, but if you zoom in on his silver dress with a massive train, you will see something there. Charlie Kirk, do you see it? You might see it in the morning every day when you maybe shave your face.


There's a lot of chest hair down below because you're a man and so is cold in a dress excepting for best actor, but a showing off the Deta area with full male chest hair because he's they them. But he accepts the award for best actor he's starring in Oh, Mary, where of course he has been cast as Mary Todd Lincoln. They have chosen a male actor. As I told the audience, I've seen this myself in Macbeth, where they had a female playing the son of the king. And she was somebody who had a blue mohawk. Okay, this is Broadway in today's day and age, except for Operation Mince meet, which people people should run to see.


And let me give you another cultural problem. The media continuing our same themes. The Washington Post voted Coles, one of the nine best looks on the red carpet Sunday night quote from the Gibson girl updo to the impeccably groomed chest hair all the way down to the saucy bustle at the back. This whole look is a plucky style move befitting a trailblazing Broadway star People magazine two Escal wore a show stopping Cinderella blue gown inspired by the gown Bernadette Peters wore to the 1999 ceremony, showstopping and praising the look as one of the best with all of the male hair Hanging out.


Oh, it's show, it's definitely, it's definitely show stopping. This is, this is a very important topic and we probably don't have enough time to cover it, but the great Roger Scru, who was really big into aesthetics and art, And he was a conservative in the 20th century, early 21st century, he would talk about how cultural degra degradation is ugly. And boy is that true. It's just, again, I'm not gonna go after like the, the physical looks of this guy is just, the whole appearance is just such an affront to our senses. Nothing about that is elevating or pleasing to look at a dude in a dr I think that's a biological guy. I can't keep track biological guy in a dress. I pretty, I sure it's a biological man, But, but he's wearing a dress with chest hair all over.


And the fact that the media and the critics like, it goes to show that it's not about a appreciation of the, of what would be considered to be beautiful. Instead it is about deconstruction. It's about taking apart Oh wow. A man with chest tear in a dress that is boundary pushing and you are only continuing in the spiral of chaos and destruction. And again, it just goes to show like, who wants to look at that? I mean, you had that up on screen here. It's just gross, it's just kind of objectionable. But that a turn off is the left, the the left is visually ugly on the outside and they are philosophically ugly on the inside.


Well, I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to bring up Kathy Griffin. I mean, a week after we were, oh Great. What a Rockstar. I know, I'm sorry I'm, you're never gonna come back at this rate. But a week after we were forced to revisit the Rosie O'Donnell examination of her herpes sore, which she blamed on President Trump. We have to talk about Kathy Griffin, who I'm just gonna be honest isn't, she's not doing her best. That's obvious. The Daily Mail ran photographs of Ka Griffin out on a walk the other day and she was unrecognizable. She looks like she has aged to twice her actual age out there walking in the wilderness. I'm not sure what's going on with her other than deep unhappiness. We'll put the picture on the board as soon as my team gets it, but she's not doing very well. Okay, so this is her actually just sitting in an interview.


This isn't it, but I'll show you in a minute. Then she goes over to the Don Lemon podcast. That's of course what you're gonna get over on Don Lemon. And they said the thing you're not allowed to say, Charlie, you are definitely, I am assured you are not allowed to say this thing, but they said the thing only in a different way. So it, it is allowed, you'll follow what I mean when you hear. So 35, Are you ready for a tinfoil hat moment? Yes. Okay, I'm just gonna be bold and say this And you know, you can take issue with this all you want. I do not think he won in a free and fair election. How do you like that lefties? Yeah, I said it. I'm Kathy Griffin and I do not think Trump won in a free and fair election.


I believe there was tampering. I don't know. I don't, I don't know if it was the Elon co connection. I'm so Your gut is telling you something happened. My Gut is telling me that something was up with that. You're Not far off. I'm, I won't I I won't say that I disagree with you. Okay. But I, You know, I I I'm an evidence person. I'd like to see the evidence. I think something was off are, and especially, You know, when someone said, oh, we've got this And you know, how do You know that? Okay, Don Lemon, you literally thought that that missing Malaysia flight went into a black hole. So I don't think you should call yourself Evidence. I love this Person. Yeah. So it, Trump stole the election. They are such, they are threats to democracy, both of them.


How dare It's insurrection. They, they, they, this is, this is, this is, this is the stuff Insurrections is made of. Can we also just pause and say how bad the left is at the podcast game? Once you take these people off of the, the corporate funded cable platform box, it tells you a lot about whether or not that person has talent. Megan, to your great credit, you're thriving even more on the podcast space because you have real talent and you really pursue truth and people love listening to you. No one's listening to Don Lamont because he doesn't have any talent. He was just the diver. He was just the diversity pick you put up on CNN and you could, you could see this with Brian Stelter. He failed, or Chuck Todd. He's doing his podcast.


Nobody's listening to any of their, their stuff. Nobody, because, because they, they were nothing more than just a teleprompter reader for their assigned network. That's all they were just re You know, read it and you're done. And then as soon as you take them outside of the box and they have to go survive out in the wild, their shows don't do well. Nobody cares about it. No one actually wants to watch that content because the, the, the way that that cable works, especially CNN and M-S-N-B-C, those two networks in particular, is that it's not merit meritocratic. It's not, it's that it's very much you climb the ladder based on if you can appease your boss.


And if you can kind of trade favors as soon as you get into the podcast space, none of that matters. Your audience will be brutal to you. You're not interesting. I'm done. You're not making sense. You're not going after to the stories I like. And so every day you and I probably get reports, Megan, I downloads uniques, how are we doing on the podcast charts? Like it's very, very, very metric driven. And now Don Laman and Kathy Griffin just goes to show they actually have never had any talent. You take them out of that corporate funded environment, they fail. And then as far as the, the election denial goes, I just, I just laugh. For four years we were all called the worst people in the world because an election, the 42,000 votes determined a presidential election across three states, 10,000 votes in Arizona, 11,000 votes in Georgia, and 21,000 votes in Wisconsin in a way where mass mail-in voting was never embraced, ever before.


We had mass verifiable censorship of the Hunter Biden laptop and Molly Hemingway's, You know, terrific book. And we just asked questions and we were be we were being told we were threats to democracy. But now Kathy Griffin thinks that what Elon satellites helped Donald Trump win. Yeah, keep going. Kathy Griffin, you look great. Sp speaking of Elon, what's your take on the Elon Trump feud? You know, I've, I know both of them quite well. I think that at some point they're gonna reconcile. I actually spoke to the president yesterday and I didn't speak about that in particular, but we spoke about a lot of stuff and he's in great spirits trying to end wars and trying to, You know, get the country back into a better place. We did talk about the riots. I told him we stand behind him a hundred percent.


I hope they reconcile. I think that they're much stronger together. Elon's already deleted those tweets And he, you can already see he's signaling kind of more support for the Trump administration on his Twitter. Yeah. In the last 24 hours. I would not be shocked if, and again, I made this prediction the day it all happened and people made fun of me and they were mediaite articles against me. I said, don't be surprised if Elon Musk stops by Mar-a-Lago for two scoops of ice cream before Christmas. People said, oh no, we, I said, look, I know both these guys when, and I also, I know men, I know men when they fight in a super intense way, it's almost very funny. Like men are, are like, they get angry very, very quick, but they also forgive very quick. I mean, I've seen fights of men where they are saying the worst possible things and they're out getting beers afterwards and they kind of just reconcile quite easily.


And so I am hopeful, optimistic to come do everything I possibly can to try to bring this back together because I think we are stronger together. And look, I want to thank Elon for buying X and liberating XI think he's done some great stuff with Doge. Obviously I don't like what he said on X and I don't agree with a lot of it. In fact, he deleted it. So I don't know if he even agrees with some of the stuff now that it's a couple days later. So I hope these two titans can come together to keep trying to save America. I totally agree with every word you said. It was my take on it when it happened as well. They're, they're gonna make up. This is not permanent. There's a, there's a people fight and especially people with big egos and big responsibilities and big personalities and it's temporary and he's not going to be a Democrat and supporting Democrat candidates.


No way. Charlie, thank you so much as always for being here tomorrow on the show. One of the most fierce female reporters in the business, Miranda Divine. She's so good. She's from the New York Post. We can't get her that often and we have her, so we're gonna have some fun with her. Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


The human body is incredible capable of repair and growth that amazes scientists even in 2025. But as the years pass, natural healing and building processes slow down. While this is normal, there is a way to support your body. A collagen supplement from Ancient Nutrition can help you look and feel your best. For centuries, people have searched for a mythical fountain of youth. Spoiler alert, it does not exist. However, collagen is a proven way to promote youthful health and appearance. And that's why I wanna tell you about Ancient Nutrition's. Multi collagen, advanced lean Ancient Nutrition combines ancient wisdom with modern science to create high quality supplements. It's delicious and easy to incorporate into daily routines. You can mix it into your coffee, your matcha, or your smoothies. Right now, enjoy 25% off your first order at Ancient Nutrition dot com slash megan. That's Ancient Nutrition dot com slash megan for 25% off. Support your body and feel your best with Ancient Nutrition.