
Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school.


As usual In golf, precision is everything on and off the course. PGA of America chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business, for smooth operations and seamless transactions. Together we enhance ticketing and concessions for better fan experiences. From gate to green, this is pro-level efficiency. This is PGA of America with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Or we have a great show for you today. It's a first for the MK Show and hashtag goals. One of my dreams is coming true. I'm going to get to meet representative Brandon Gill. You know him from his viral exchanges he has had during these hearings. He is a star. He is the youngest Republican in Congress. He is married to Dinesh Desouza's daughter And he is the future of the Republican party.


He's amazing. Remember how he cross-examined that woman from NPR and also the guy from USA fencing who really wants tranny to take the place of women. He's so effective. He grew up on a ranch in Texas. I'm just learning about him 'cause I read up for the interview today. I cannot wait to talk to him. He's coming on in our second hour. I know you'll love it as much as I do and I'm also super excited to be joined by Burguiere, who I just happen to love, but for whom the news cycle has turned absolutely delicious. Okay, they are guns of blazing right now for poor little Karine Jean Pierre Biden world is pissed.


They're, they are not happy that she's declared herself an independent and is trying to distance herself from them. And they have taken out their bazookas on her in a pair of articles in Politico and Axios. And we are going to go through them word by word. I think you're going to enjoy this. Plus the US Supreme Court just dropping two big decisions in the name of sanity. So lots of good stuff in the news today. Stu Gear is here to help us break it down. He sows to blaze TVs. Stu Does America


these days. It feels like everyone has an agenda, the media, big tech, you name it. But let me tell you about ground news. They don't filter the news. They show how stories are being shaped, spun or ignored entirely. So you can decide what to believe. Ground news is an independent app and website built to give users control over their newsfeed. It aggregates coverage from across the political spectrum and breaks down how each outlet is framing the story, including bias, ownership, and what key details might be missing. If you are tired of being told what matters or what doesn't, it might be time to take the power back. Ground News is offering 40% off their unlimited access vantage plan for a limited time. This offer is available exclusively@groundnews.com slash Megyn. That's ground G-R-O-U-N-D news, NE ws.com/ Megyn. Don't let anyone else decide what you get to see. Take back control of your newsfeed today.


Still welcome back. Thank you so much, Megyn. I appreciate it. I wanna start with this Supreme Court decision because it, it's nine. Oh, both of these two decisions in which we're interested today are 9 0 1 was written by Kaji Brown Jackson and one was written by Sotomayor. And you and I will like both of them. How about that? You know, the court is always saying most of their decisions, the vast majority are actually unanimous. It's, You know, a small handful that wind up five four and give the Supreme Court, You know, this controversial reputation and makes leftists say we have to de-legitimize them and stack the court and all that stuff. But anyway, this is nine, oh, it's Aimes versus Ohio Department of Youth Services. And this was a so-called reverse discrimination case where a straight woman got effed over by her boss in favor of a gay woman who she said was less qualified.


And when she sued over it saying that's reverse discri, you can't discriminate against me because I'm straight. The courts in Ohio within the sixth districts said, okay, you can file this claim, but you're gonna be held to a higher standard of proof because you're straight. Because generally there's a presumption in the law that people don't discriminate against people who are part of the majority group. So you have to prove more than a gay person or a minority of prison of color, et cetera, would have to prove. You have to prove, for example, that there's a history of this employer discriminating against straight people. So like you have to show statistical, You know, proof that majority members continuously get discriminated against by this employer.


And she said, that's bullshit, that's not fair either. Like that too is discriminatory against straight people and nine oh, the high court agreed with her. And what this decision effectively does is lower the burden of proof that people in the so-called majority group here, it's a straight person, could also be a white person, could be men, et cetera. People who are not considered part of any protected class now have to meet in order to bring what we used to just call reverse discrimination claims. This is great, your thoughts. It is fantastic Megyn, and it, it does kind of sit you, makes you sit back and say, Hey, there actually is sanity out there.


Yes, this can still happen. I I love this. And, and I will be honest with you, if you would've told me before this that it was gonna be nine, oh, I would've been shocked. I mean, I I it is true as you point out that there are a lot of nine oh cases. There's several of them today actually. And that does happen pretty often. This type of case though, I wouldn't expect to be nine. Oh, I, I I, right, maybe you get Kagan maybe, but I would've expected at least a seven two or six three or seven two situation. So do Maor and Jackson. So do Maor. Part of the Jackson wrote the opinion. Sh it's, it's legitimately shocking. And one of the things I love, I really love about it is there's been this movement over the past 10, 20 years to take this idea of, to use a blanket sort of term to describe it, the colorblindness aspect, right?


This, this vision that we had going back to, You know, MLK on race, but also for many other things that sexual preference and, and, and other things where we are just supposed to see people and, and, and judge them on their merit. You know, this goes back to the founding of the country and George Washington had a badge that he, that he would award and it was called the Merit Badge. And it was one of the founding principles. It was not a society built on these caste systems. You know, that's not who we are as Americans. And there's been a push over the past 10, 20 years to really reverse that and, and this push for equity instead of equality, this idea of equi equality of outcomes as opposed to equality of opportunity.


And for a really long time it seemed like we were going down a road that didn't end well. And while a lot of the opinion makers you go, you go listen to the view, they'll express this very stupidly on a day-to-day basis. But the law didn't change that that principle of colorblindness is still entrenched in the law. Our justices still recognize it. Even crazy ones like Sonia Sotomayor. And that is really encouraging. Yes. And you know what? It's great because there, there should be no presumption in today's day and age that majority group members would not be discriminated against, You know, given the lunatic left and their takeover of so many institutions And you know, you get boycotted if you don't post the black square and you've gotta have your pride flag out there, or you're gonna get some march in front of your business.


You know, you've got the Human Rights Council giving you grades on just how woke you are. Given all of that, there should not be a presumption that no employer really discriminates against people who are members of the so-called majority, You know, white people or guys or straight people. Bullshit that that's what's been very much in, You know, on trend and in favor, especially over the past 5, 10, 15 years. So while this opinion doesn't, You know, base itself on that reality, it comes along at just the right time because majority members do not have some special preference from most employers to the contrary.


Yeah. Look, there are entire industries where white dudes don't even bother to apply at this point. You know? That's right. This is, this is something that is really happening. And there was also to acknowledge the obvious truth times where, You know, other races were discriminated against in really serious and terrible ways. We all know that's part of American history. The solution to that to disagree with kendi is not more discrimination. The, the, the the, the solution to past discrimination is not current dis discrimination. And the solution to current discrimination is not future discrimination. That's what, yes, the left really Tried, lemme say this, so Iram Kendi can suck it because yes, he thinks he's the ultimate authority because he's black And he considers himself an intellectual, well guess what?


Clarence Thomas is also black and an intellectual Kaji Brown Jackson. Same. She's on the US Supreme Court and they have both said Iber Max Kendi is totally wrong. Let me read you part of the Thomas concurrence courts with this rule, because it was a split in the circuits. Half were making majority plaintiffs, You know, white people, et cetera, prove this extra stuff. And half were saying no, they don't have to. So the US Supreme Court really had to resolve this once and for all. And so Thomas said this courts who follow this rule of making, You know, majority plaintiffs prove more, have enshrined into the anti-discrimination law and explicitly race-based preference.


White plaintiffs must prove the existence of background circumstances while non-white plaintiffs need not do so. He said that this decision obviates the need for courts to engage in the sorted business of dividing people by race or other protected traits. I mean, it is a final judgment on that Kennedy nonsense from a court that includes two black members, one as conservative as they come, and one as liberal as they come. Hmm. I love Clarence Thomas. If, if he's not the most important man in America, I don't know who is, he is just fantastic. And he's just so good on issues like this in particular.


He just doesn't put up with it at all. He, he just, he says suck it basically in his rulings as you pointed Out over, yes, you have to read between the lines, but it's there. It's there, it's there. You know, we have this phrase that is kind of important to our country that all men are created equal and we've not lived up to that at every point in our history. But another part of that that is implicit in this 'cause everyone focuses on equal in that phrase, and that's an important part of the phrase of course, but also created is it means that we all start on an equal ground. And what you do with your life is up to you. You are supposed to be able to make your own life as you go through it. You're created equal.


It doesn't mean everything in life comes out equal. And what the left is trying to do is implement this sort of outcome in outcome equality, if you will. That honestly at this point doesn't even seem equal. Like they're trying to punish stuff that I don't know, somebody's great-great-grandfather did that. I had nothing to do with, I had nothing to do with slavery me. And I promise you I have no slaves on my plantation in my cul-de-sac. That's not something I'm engaging in and nor would I want to. Cool. And he said thank you. And I will say, if you legalize slavery today, people would want not want to engage in it because they know it's abhorrent. Right?


Things Are, I think p did wants to engage in it. I, I beg to differ. I think Puff Daddy has been engaging in it for quite some time based on the testimony I'm hearing. But keep going. You're, you're a hundred percent true on that and I, I wish, I wish I had thought of that, but you're right, it does happen. And look, there are instances of this happening, sadly across the country and across the world. Frankly, most of it's gone from here. But generally speaking, when we talk about high ideals, not the failures, but what we want out of a country that is really where the disagreement is between the left and the right. We all recognize that there are, there are failures, right? But at the end of the day, what we want, I think on the right is people to be equal. That when you go up against when your, your son or daughter tries to get into Harvard and they are Asian, they should have the same ability to get into the school based on whether their test scores are good and the things that they do and their, and and, and the things that they bring to the table.


They shouldn't be demoted because their ancestry comes from another part of the world that should be obvious. I thought it was obvious to all of us very recently and that has faded away. But luckily the courts are there and I I I do fear that the courts often recently are the only thing holding back a lot of these terrible policies. Certainly over this previous administration, it seemed like the only thing stopping the worst things from occurring in our society were the courts. Thank God they're there in doing the things that they are. Alright, let me give you the second decision that's of interest to us. This is Catholic Charities versus Wisconsin Labor and Industry Review Commission.


This is another nine zero decision. This opinion was authored by Soda Maor and it's a win for Catholic Charities. So what was happening was Catholic charities in Wisconsin was helping people with disabilities and who had mental health issues and, You know, providing assistance to them. And they had been contributing to the state unemployment tax system since the 1970s. And then they said, You know, we are a religious group, we should have the same tax exempt status that all religious groups have and sought that tax exempt status from the state of Wisconsin. And the the state said, no, you can't have it.


And the reason you can't have it is because you're not proselytizing. You're not out there preaching the gospel as you help the disabled people and you are not limiting your charitable services to Catholics. So because they're willing to help disabled Muslims and Jews and atheists, the Wisconsin State system said, no, you're not a religious organization. And so Catholic Charities, which is an arm of the Catholic church, filed a lawsuit saying, this isn't their phrase, but mine, this is bullshit. Okay? Back to our, our basic legal terms.


And the Supreme Court just agreed, the Supreme Court actually agreed with them. This is from the underlying court. The Wisconsin Supreme Court found against them saying, although Catholic charities may have religious motivations, it acknowledged that they're not operated primarily for religious purposes because it does not attempt to imbue people who participate in its programs with the Catholic faith nor supply any religious materials to program participants or employees. Again saying like, and then they say, and you employ people of all faiths and provide services to people of all faiths. So that was the thing, like you, you need to preach the gospel more and you need to only help Catholics and then maybe you could have tax. It's so ridiculous Now, nevermind that you're an arm of the Catholic church.


So they, here's the Supreme Court decision, reversed nine to zero in an opinion. Oau authored by Justice Sotomayor Thomas and Justice Jackson also fired, filed concurring opinions. Sotomayor writes, the state court's ruling violates the first amendment by discriminating based on religious practices. Quote, it is fundamental to our constitutional order that the government maintain neutrality between religion and religion. When the government distinguishes among religions based on theological differences in their provision of services, it imposes a denominational preference that must satisfy the highest level of judicial scrutiny.


And what she's basically saying is, you wouldn't give this to them because they're Catholic and you would've given it to a different religion doing the same stuff. And that's not okay. I go, so do my York, what's happening? What am I awake? Is this happening? I think we've gone through a wormhole here, Megyn, and I don't recognize the world I'm living in, but I like it. It's, it's, it's very scenic on this, this site of the, of the dimension. And I kind of like it over here. Yeah, I mean it's great. Look, ob think these things should be obvious, right? That, that you can't pick one religion over another as a state. It's so funny though, when you describe the case, Megyn it strikes me as something that I would normally hear as a criticism of a Catholic charity.


You guys are Yeah. You guys proselytize too much. Yes. Right? Yeah. You guys will only serve Catholics. We can't. That's the criticism you normally hear. And here it's a defense. Exactly. It's a proper defense though I will say, I mean quite clearly, You know, that the fact that a group wants to take their own time and their own resources to go help people that are not in their religious group, that they're not pressuring to, to convert. That's something that, that that's great. It's fantastic. It's something that's a, it's, it's a wonderful thing about what Catholic charities are doing. Like Wisconsin taxpayers are like, we're out. We're out. Unless you try to convert people, you cannot help the disabled.


That's, that's wrong. Unless you get people, You know, betting on the next Pope, then you're not allowed to do this. That that doesn't make any sense. I mean, none, it, it's quite clear that a group, any group that will help a group in need is, is something that we should be cheering on in this country outside of the legal structure, which quite obviously delineates a freedom of religion that would make it obvious that you can't do this, this type of thing. We've had, I will say the court has been really good on religious liberty. We had one case recently, which is a four four case that I think would've been a five four if Amy Coney Barrett had not recused herself, but hadn't recused. Generally speaking, we've seen really good rulings on, on religious liberty.


First Liberty Institute has been, has been really good on this. They've been working a lot of these cases. So I'm really happy about where we are on this and we're moving in the right direction. And I think back to the way the country was designed. Yeah, well, I mean it's interesting 'cause when she was in her confirmation hearings, Keji Brown Jackson said she considers herself an originalist when it comes to her judicial philosophy. You know, interpreting the text consistent with the way the founding fathers who wrote the Constitution would have interpreted it. And a lot of us on the right, who are more federalist society type lawyers are like what I mean, kind of saw just at least a glimmer of hope for her. We understood she would be a leftist in most of the decisions, but saw a glimmer of hope there.


And I feel like that glimmer is shining today. So we will take the w thank you to the US Supreme Court for restoring sanity on those fronts. It's, it's all great, all all great news. No, those are terrific. Okay, so moving on. The, the second best story of the day is the Karine Jean Pierre pile on. It's amazing. The left is so mad at her in this pair of articles, which are just, I don't even know which one to begin with. I guess I'll start with Axios. 'cause our pal Alex Thompson wrote this one. The headline Biden World Goes Scorched Earth on Karine Jean Pierre. Apparently her little book launch isn't going over well, we played this yesterday during the show.


But let me show you a little bit from her Instagram book announcement. She's writing a book called Independent and wants to be your steward out of the hard partisan system and into political independence where you are not loyal to a party. Here she is in part. But since I have left, the people that come up to me, strangers that come up to me just across the country as I'm traveling and sometimes right in my neighborhood at a grocery store, supermarket airport, my daughter's school, the number one question they ask me is, Kain, how do we get out of this? How do we, they don't protect our democracy. How Do we, no, they don't ask that.


How we Vulnerable communities among us. What do we do next? Because we don't have answers here. That's what they ask me. And this You don't have answers Is my answer. And what I mean by that is in an era of misinformation, disinformation, the regressiveness of social policy, what we're seeing currently right now, what I have decided to do, and I really have thought long and hard about this, is to follow my own compass. Oh my God. Alright, just, just before I get to the pylon, she's gonna combat misinformation. She is going to combat misinformation. A paid liar, I mean is, this just is a little refresher.


This is the woman who wants to correct misinformation. Now let's play sot two. The president had the stamina physically and mentally, do you think to continue on even after 2024? Don, you're asking me This question. Oh my gosh, he's the president of the United States. You know it, he, I can't even keep up with it. We just got back from New Mexico. Jackie, are You here? Where's Jackie? She must not be here. No, I Totally understand. I just, I just explained she was on top of mind. The book Is suggesting the president tells AIDS is tired, But that's in the X-ray, right? Yeah. And that, that's why there have been so few public events before 10:00 AM I mean that's a ridiculous assumption to make. I would put is it the president's stamina, president's wisdom, ability to get this done on behalf of, of the American people against anyone?


Is anyone In the White House hiding information about the president's health or his ability to do the job day to day? Absolutely not. What do we have? Release has been very comprehensive. It has been, it has been transparent with age comes wisdom and comes experience. And I think that matters as well. He's as sharp as ever. He is as sharp as, as ever as I have known him to be in my engagement, in my experience. This is after the debate with him. And I know when I walk into the Oval Office or or see him on Air Force one, I have to be on top of my game. Okay? I would put his stamina up against anyone. Is anyone hiding information about his inability?


Absolutely not. After the debate, sharp as ever. She's an effing liar. She was paid for it. She did it with absolutely no qualms whatsoever. And now she wants to be the self-appointed czar of combating misinformation in her book, declaring her political independence. Alright, so now we get to the juicy stuff, Stu. It's not just those of us on the right who are recoiling and laughing in disbelief at this. The left has had it with Karine Jean Pierre. She is under the bus. The bus has backed up. It has gone forward, it has backed up, it has gone forward. And it's going to keep doing that all the way through publication in October.


Okay, Alex Thompson reports her announcement Wednesday led former Biden aids to tee off on her many quietly had fumed for years believing she was incompetent at her job at the White House podium and more interested in promoting herself than Joe Biden. News of her book was the final straw for many people who had worked for her. The fighting within Biden world is part of larger post-election angst and grievances. Amid new reporting of how Biden's staff tried to hide his physical and mental decline during his presidency, Jean Pierre was a key part of the effort to conceal Biden's decline. This is Thompson quoting again from his peace and Axios vouching for his fitness and insisting that the president then 81 was quote as sharp as ever.


You heard it there yourself even after the disastrous debate, what they're saying. One former White House official who worked closely with John Pierre told Axios, she quote was one of the most ineffectual and unprepared people I have ever worked with. She had meltdowns after any interview that asked about a topic not sent over by producers. She did not know how to manage a team. She didn't know how to shape or deliver a message. And she often created more problems than she solved. A former Biden communications official threw more wood on the fire quote, the hubris of thinking you can position yourself as an outsider when you not only have enjoyed the perks of extreme proximity to power, which bestows the name recognition needed to sell books off your name, but have actively wielded it from the biggest pulpit there is is as breathtaking as it is desperate.


It is difficult to see how this is anything but a bizarre cash grab. I'll give you one more before give it to you. Another former White House official familiar with the dynamics telling Axios quote, the amount of time that was spent coddling Karine Jean Pierre and appeasing her was astronomical compared to our attention on actual matters of substance. They also are reporting that she wanted, in addition to her multiple magazine spreads to get a job on the view upon leaving the post. They never returned her phone calls. And so now we get this book. Stu your thoughts on it.


It's almost too delicious to describe I isn't it? I, we've Megyn we're here, we've, we've done, we've done it. We've, I don't know how long this lasts, but we've reached this sunny up lens of history. We are here where we Deserve this. Yes, thank you. We, we we're finally at this point where everyone just admits the stuff we were saying is true. Like I, it's true. I don I can't believe it. I don't think I've ever seen this period before. There have been periods where conservatives have said things and we turned out to be right. And that's happened. This is different. This is us saying things and then the mainstream media and every Democratic official is just coming out and saying, yeah, by the way, everything the conservatives were saying the last four years were completely accurate.


I don't know what we did to deserve this, but I love this. I I mean, we have been saying all of this. She always looked under prepared. One of the reasons we noted it is because she kept looking down and reading every word that she said, the most basic arguments that we be brought up to her. That even though the Biden administration often was asking her to tell things to the American people that are untrue, they were basic things that any normal competent human being, let alone a press secretary would be able to talk themselves out of. She couldn't do it. She had to read every single word. It was quite clear by, just based on the amount of different outfits she had, that her wardrobe was quite, was much more important than what she was doing on a day-to-day basis.


That's right. She was constantly focused on image issues, vogue profiles, all of this nonsense that had nothing to do with the job. That, by the way, we should note Joe Biden was not paying her for, we were paying for. That job is a job that is created for what happens in the White House to be communicated to the American people. It is a job that is, it is. We are the employers on this job. That is not a campaign job. She treated it as many others do as well as a campaign job and a job that honestly, she thought it was her job to come out here and just lie constantly. You played the clips, what four or five, six of those clips you played were after the debate, after even the most, You know, ostrich in the, in the sand sort of person would say, Hey, this is obviously going wrong.


Every Democrat was on record saying it and she still stuck to That line. The you temper maybe the, maybe you temper the message at that point, at least, right? Like, yeah, just so as not to make an absolute fool of yourself. She didn't Yes. Kamala Harris didn't. And the, the nerve of like these vogue profiles, I'm sorry, but Karine Jean Pire is not even close to the most glamorous press secretary we've had. Where was Dana Perino's Vogue spread? She's stunningly beautiful. Where was Kaylee McAneny's Vogue spread? Where's Caroline Levitt's Vogue spread. All I, all I see is nasty hip pieces on her, like zeroing in on this feature or that and trying to rip on one of the most beautiful public figures we have in America.


Just Karine Jean Pierre because she was out there every day. I'm black and I'm a lesbian and I'm a woman. I'm all the things and I'm a first. And therefore you have to worship at the altar of KJP only. We didn't, but Vogue did. Vogue did because she was a paid liar doing the president's bidding. All right, let me go on. 'cause there's just too, I mean, like, I I could do this all day. I don't really have to do any other news than this. A former Biden no, a former senior spokesperson in Biden's administration to Axios. It is hard to believe someone could look at the past year and genuinely think the party left Joe Biden. That's why I'm leaving the Democratic Party, which is what she's saying in her promo, a former White House comms official.


That means somebody who was working with or next to her added today Kare lost the only constituency that ever supported her party line Democrats. They know Karine. Jean Pierre did not respond to requests for comments despite longstanding internal frustration with her performance since she, since the day she took over as press secretary after Saki left in mid 2022, Biden aids largely had stayed silent because she was seen as untouchable. And now here's where Alex Thompson's reporting in that book. Original Sin Kicks in. She was seen as untouchable given her close relationship with Jill Biden's top aide Anthony Bernal, who has emerged as a total effing villain.


Anthony Bernal is a villain. Read the book. He was the, the right hand man of the Power Crazy. Jill Biden. And he thought he was the queen's hand. I mean, that's really what he acted like according to this book, the Enforcer making sure, oh, he's running again. You only, you don't do one term, you do two terms irrespective of what Joe Biden wanted or was best for him, he seems to have known Before Joe Biden knew that Joe was running for a second term because Queen Jill had decided and this guy was handed the Queen. Okay? So she, Jean Pierre was untouchable because she had his blessing. So she was kissing his ass to make sure she was good.


During Biden's presidency, Bernal had a hand in hiring many White House aides who were prioritized for their loyalty. That's what they wanted. Jean Pierre also caused internal drama by repeatedly blocking National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby from joining her at the White House podium. Even when national security issues were at the forefront of the news. A Biden spokesperson to Clyde to comment, right? She was, she didn't have the confidence to have him up there because she knew she was a know nothing. That was the one thing she knew One thing the know nothing knew was that she knew nothing. Okay? They go on some former Biden aids said John Pierre's tenure was complicated by her work with This Is Juicy, with a New York based publicist named Gilda Squire.


Jean Pierre was the focus of several magazine profiles and appeared on the View in New York at one point. She wanted to appear on the show once a week while the press secretary within the White House. There were concerns about this Gilda Squire being looped in on internal emails regarding Jean Pierre's profiles and promotional appearances. What Press Secretary has her own press secretary. That's what this woman was doing for her. She had a PR person running PR for her, which is in inherently inconsistent, the only PR you're supposed to be worried about is the bosses, making sure you're protecting him, not your own ass.


But she wanted more magazine spreads concerns. Axios goes on about Jean Pierre's self-promotion. Were even raised with the White House Council's office because some staffers felt torn between their administrative duties, their administration duties, and helping Jean Pierre promote herself nonstop, according to a former White House aide. Familiar with the interim. So people were going to the White House counsel saying, should I spend my time creating a better profile for Karine Jean Pierre and giving interviews about how amazing she is? Or should I spend my time working on White House duties for Joe Biden?


And then here's the wrinkle with this woman Gil Squire. In February of 2024, Alex Thompson went to Squire. He knew, okay, before Biden left office, February 24, he knew that Jean Pierre had hired this person and that she was working with this person on PR for herself. So he emailed Gilda Squire and said, are you, are you helping her? And he writes, now, publicly Squire asked to go off the record and denied she was working with Jean Pierre to navigate and boost the press secretary's public profile as a result of her explicit denial. Axios did not report Squire's involvement at the time.


However, internal White House emails later obtained by Axios show that Squire was copied. And he provides a copy of the email. I've seen it myself, was copied on emails relating to Jean Pierre's publicity work. The messages included a September, 2023 email. So that's long before February of 24 when he's asking Gilda Squire, are you doing pr work with her a 2023 email describing plans for her Vogue Magazine profile. As for comment, Wednesday Squire told Axios Corina and I did not decide to engage on a professional level until after she left the White House.


You might wanna get your facts straight before you accuse someone of being a liar. Please do not ever contact me again. Then he sent her a copy of the 2023 email on which she, Gilda Squire was copied on Corin Jean Pires Vogue profile. And Squire quote did not respond further. She's another effing liar in my opinion. She was working with her. She didn't have the balls to admit it because it made them all look ridiculous and conflicted on how to spend their time. She clearly lied to Axios when caught red handed and then again when caught red handed the second time. And these two were working on making Karine Jean Pire a star on our dime stew.


Every single penny of it we paid for. What an amazing time this is to look at it. And I I I, I read the Alex Thompson story in Axios. I read every single word of it and then I reread it. 'cause it was just so enjoyable to go through. It's just in incredible. And you know, you mentioned Anthony Bernal as the enforcer in this story. Now I will say, when speaking of enforcers, I listened to your Jake Tapper interview and I, there was some enforcing going on there, and I think Jake felt what it was like to have things enforced and his early coverage of this particular incident you correctly called him out on.


But I do think lost in what a great interview that was, was how good Alex Thompson was throughout this period. Alex was covering all of this stuff at the time. It's the type of stuff that we demand and ask for from the mainstream media and never seem to get, we never get these questions actually asked. We never get people following up on this stuff. And Alex correctly did do that through this period. I think one of the things a little bit that has been lost from the right, and this goes back to our happy moment that we're having having today together, Megyn, is there is a, a little bit of a anger against the book even being written, speaking of the Tapper and Thompson book.


And I think honestly, it's been a really positive thing. I'm really happy that they wrote it. I'm, that doesn't mean they don't deserve criticism for some of their past Me Too positions and, and and Jake's particular instance, but I think that is a story, but not the only story here. We've learned a lot from, from these books. We've learned a lot from the, the, the Alex Thompson story today. You know, the stuff about the view is amazing. Oh my God. I Mean, do You know how, Do You know how, how intellectually unimpressive you must be to not be able to impress people on the view. Yes. Do You know exactly How dumb do you have to be to get rejected from the view? Oh my God, it's horrifying.


Can you imagine she must have had to go on some sort of antidepressant after that. Like, I don't even know what I do. I I I don't think I could come to terms with that. You truly are as dumb as a just a goat. I just like, they'll take anybody over there. Anybody. And especially if you can say you were the former Biden Press secretary and you're a lesbian and black and you got rejected. You are dumber than dirt. You're starting, You know, three steps from home in between third base and scoring and you can't get across home plate. It's, it's unbelievable. I mean, the v's basic programming strategy is to do a nationwide search for the four dumbest people on the planet and put them around a the table.


Yes. And, and they were like, sorry Corrine, you're just two terrible even for us. You're Not there. Oh, I, I love, I, I have to say, and this is probably a little bit evil. There's probably a evil part of me that's, You know, the, the devil's on the shoulder a tad here, but I just can't get enough of this stuff. I, I know. Love this. Every Democrat that has been lying to us this entire time is now just coming to the table and just being like, oh yeah, by the way, you guys were totally right on everything you said. She's an idiot From, yeah, from Biden to Corinne, Jean Pierre to to COVID School, lockdown to A Maine Klif. Yes.


Tobra Kendi. Yeah. It's like all, all of it is coming true at once and they're all In our, I'm pess they're warm water. Come on, let's go swimming. It's wonderful. It's so much, I'm, I'm enough of a pessimist to feel like eventually this is gonna stop and we're going, yes, things are gonna turn negative. Let's just enjoy it while we're here. It might be warm waters right by the shore at a beautiful beach. There's probably a giant tsunami right around the corner. But for the moment, Let's just amazing, we're in there, Stu, we're swimming, we're doing the breast stroke. I see you, obviously you and I have been here for a long time there. Oh my God. Kaji. Brad Jackson's in here. What's she doing here? Oh my god. Half the biden co com staff is now in our warm water swimming around.


Great to see you. It's, it's, it's a glorious day. I don't, I don't wanna close out Karine Jean Pierre without doing a little bit from the political piece, which in some ways duplicates Axios. But I, I just wanna make sure, okay. 'cause we don't wanna leave any goodness on, on the floor, on the editing room floor. It talks about her wanting to be the co-host of the View never got an offer. Multiple Democrats who have worked with her. Believe what she's doing with this book is a grift. It's detonated long simmering grievances. They are angry about her pursuit of celebrity and personal media exposure. So now this is both publications reporting this I'm reading from the political report here. The attention grabbing ploy of this book lit up Democratic and Biden alumni texting groups and reigniting frust reignited frustrations that burned for years about her.


According to seven former Biden admin officials granted anonymity, her halting ineffectual briefings, exasperated reporters, and routinely offered material for the Republican Party's main account on X. She frustrated colleagues throughout the West Wing for focusing on raising her own profile, while leaving the hands-on management of media relations and the White House press shop to other aides. So that's interesting. Like internally, they were pissed that they were having to do her work. She wasn't paying attention to the actual job. Okay, ba ba ba. Several former colleagues expressed confusion. This is actually a good point here as to how she seemingly intends to paint Biden as a victim because she's gonna talk about like the how the Democrat Party turned on him.


And she seems to be angry about that. How she intends to paint Biden as a victim while pinning her own decision to leave the party on the quote broken White House. Both of those are from the Hashet press release yesterday. And they're exactly right. Like they talked about a broken White House and yet the Democrats who backstabbed him. So how is it broken? How is she gonna square those two things? It's a good point. Jarre P or Jean Pierre's former staffers offered withering criticism of what they see as an opportunistic grift. She made a joke about being an independent last year and now it's a book. All ideas are monetary. Even the dumb ones said one of the staffers.


Okay, wait. And then, and then wait, I sent my team this earlier. Standby. There is somebody who I gotta try to find it. Oh yeah, A guy named Tim Wu, white House for White House policy staff. So hold on a second. What's his, he was special assistant to the president for tech and comp and, and competition policy. And he tweeted out and then later deleted from White House policy staff perspective. The real problem with Karine Jean Pierre was that she was kind of dumb. No interest in understanding harder topics, just gave random, incoherent answers on policy that, on the record saying that we, I mean we know, but it's extraordinary to hear somebody get specific about it.


Hold on, there's more. Another co former colleague said, okay, let's see. While a number of former colleagues kept their com comments, private, Jeremy Edwards, who served in the press shop under Jean Pierre, posted a succinct response to her book project on XLOL. One Democratic operative who worked with Jean Beer prior to her White House tenure called the Sudden Turnabout, the most grif thing I've seen in a long time. And that's saying something in Washington, one of the former Biden White House officials said it in a text to Politico. She was the public face telling us all that this White House was on track and that Biden was amazing.


And now she doesn't even wanna be a Democrat. She's making herself the middle ground here when Republicans hate her. She's not in any position to be a connector of our two party system. And assuming she could be is just ego is so good. They're all ripping on her some by name saying how dumb she was, how she's a joke. And literally nobody's buying her ability to be an independent connector who somehow is going to heal the partisan breach stew. Back to my original point when her soundbite was playing of how those were all lies too, literally nobody's going up to Karine Jean Pierre saying, Kain, how did we get here?


How do we solve this? Literally no one, it's a lie. No one asks her questions like that. No one has any desire to hear her deep intellectual thoughts, which would sound very vacuous if, if presented. You know, she is, I mean dumb is just a really good descriptor, right? Yeah. Like we can kind of complicate this and, and you can kind of go try to say, oh gosh, well she was just, You know, You know, overly loyal to the president and she was in a tough position, which she was. I mean, everybody in that job is in a somewhat tough position at times, but she could never handle it even on the easiest days, even on days that were good for the Biden administration, she was still terrible.


She was an idiot from the beginning of the time she got in there. I swear to you, I mean, look, I don't think Jen PKI was a great press secretary, but I swear the reason Karine Jean Pierre got this job, it, it was a plot by Jen Psaki to make Jen Psaki look good, because it makes sense in comparison. Yeah. You were just like, I think she recommended her for that job specifically so that she would look like the greatest employee of all time. And, and I love how you're like, you, you kind of dated it, You know how you, we can put like a, an actual date on the Dumbness and it was right from day one. It reminds me of Trump on Rosie O'Donnell. She's a loser. She's been a loser for a long time. You know, like I remember that. It, it's not a new phenomenon.


She's been a loser for a long time. Same with Korean Jean Pire. She's stupid. She's been stupid for a long time from day one. Nobody remembers a smart Karine Jean Pire. There was not an era in her life where she was intelligent. That's just not one of those things that happened. And it shows even in her description of why she's writing the book, she's, she's going independent. That can be an interesting story, right? Like if someone on the left was going independent or if someone on the right was going independent and they said, Hey, You know, this has become too partisan and I don't like the way that You know, this, this system is playing out. That can be an interesting story to hear from someone. Not Corinne Jerre 'cause she's a moron and probably can't even read, let alone write. But that's a whole nother situation.


I think there's a, a fascinating part of this that she seems to be arguing the reason she's going independent is not because the Democrats were too partisan, it's because they weren't partisan enough. They, they also bailed on Biden when it became so obvious that it was, that it was going down the road, wrong road. That they didn't stick by him based purely out of partisan loyalty, which was the only argument left. And my favorite quotes of all the stories that you read is the one where they say she's lost her only constituency partisan democrats. Because the only argument for her from the day she walked into that job was that she had a dean near her name somewhere.


That was it. Well, and also only L and a B and a w It's true. Those are the things she kept remind, like the dawn lemon of the White House, I'm black and I'm gay. She had, she had many intersectional, intersectional vari varieties that she checked those boxes and Intersexual, I mean, Yes, both apparently, but I mean, look at conservatives with many of those boxes checked, they're still hated by Democrats, right? Yeah. You know, you find, you find a, you will find a gay republican that, You know, they're despised guaranteed maybe even more than, yeah. Than the Democrat and black Republicans do. Yeah, absolutely. So I think, think like, it's funny to see this and it's funny to see her attempt this.


The other part of it is no one's gonna buy it. I mean, I don't know what her advance was on this book. We're gonna buy it, You know, so you don't have to I love that. Good. 'cause I don't want to Megyn No Who wants to give her show When you review it, I will do it because I love all of you, but I, I don't recommend anybody buy this book. You know, it's gonna be full of just empty. Pablo do we have time to play that Alex Thompson saw? How much time do we have left, Steve? Alright, let's play this. A Alex Thompson on the book tour made an interesting point the other day. Here it is. If you're a reporter, a White House reporter in DC and you are gonna be really adversarial and tough, but fair on Trump, you get like snaps all across town, you get invited to like every single garden party and book party imaginable.


But if you do it on, You know, with Biden or even with Obama, like, it, it, there is like a different social like cost. And I do think it affects the reporting A hundred percent right? Everyone is saying the things that we said forever are true today, Megyn, I don't know what we did to deserve this. I love it. I'm going to bask in every second of it and just pray. It doesn't end. It's So weird. It really, like I said, are we here? Is this happening? Is it, we're we're praising Kaji Brown Jackson. So did Maor, the, the left, You know, mainstream so-called media saying all, all the things that we've been saying, we're winning on every point Nook, everybody's turned on Karine Jean Pierre.


It's just so great. George Clooney's making it full of himself. This is just, this is my kind of day now. Up next, up next a a little fly in the ointment as Trump just came out and swatted down Elon, he's had about enough of Elon's criticisms of the big beautiful Bill. We'll play the soundbite that just dropped from the White House. Don't go away.


Okay, Stew's with us when we come back, father's Day is coming up. Let's celebrate all the great dads out there who have had such a positive influence on our kids and our nation. Wanna celebrate a special dad? How about brightening his day by giving him a gift of Riverbend Ranch steaks? Riverbend Ranch has been recognized by the team at certified Angus Beef as having some of the finest quality black Angus beef in America. The difference in quality and flavor is not by accident. For the last 35 years, the Riverbend Ranch has been raising black Angus cattle with a focus on flavor and tenderness carefully sorting the genetics to produce the absolute best quality beef and they raise their beef the old fashioned way Without artificial growth hormones and without antibiotics. Riverbend Ranch is all about quality. Last year, the engineering news record named the Riverbend Ranch Beef Processing facility as the best manufacturing facility built in the US in 2024. Exceptional American beef grown and processed in America for a very special Father's Day. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use the promo code Megyn and that will get you 20 bucks off your first order. Riverbend Ranch dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual,


Lights, camera, innovation. Walt Disney Studios chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together we kept a remote production hub in Hawaii and sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Stu, gear of blaze tv Stu Does America is back with me and don't, it's not going well between Trump and Elon. Here's what's happening. So Elon recently left the administration and his status is a special government employee and they had a, like a brotherly news conference where they were patting each other on the back just last week. And then Elon said, I can stand it no longer. I have got to say what I feel. The big beautiful bill is an absolute abomination, a disgusting abomination, ridiculing the amount of spending and the amount of pork that's in there. You know, these pet projects that you've gotta give this lawmaker or that in order to get them to be a yes on the bill. And he's ripping on it and Trump is selling it at the same time and clearly has a disagreement with Elon about this.


So Trump had been holding his fire. Elon went off for two days in a row, started Tuesday, continued Wednesday. Trump didn't say anything. He let him let off some steam. But You know how Trump is like you keep poking the bear and the bear is going to give you the claw eventually. And it just happened. Here's the first soundbite from Trump behind. He's in the oval for this. Is he not team? I think he's in the oval talking about this. Yeah. Okay, so one, Yeah, I can understand why he's upset. Remember he was here for a long time. You saw a man who was very happy when he stood behind the Oval desk and even with the black eye.


I said, do you want a little makeup? We'll get you a little makeup. But he said, no, I don't think so. Which is interesting and very nice. He wants to be who he is. So you could make that statement too, I guess. Look, Elon and I had a great relationship. I don't know if it went well anymore. I was surprised because you were here. Everybody in this room practically was here as we had a wonderful sendoff. He said wonderful things about me. You couldn't have nicer, said the best thing. He's worn the hat. Trump was right about everything. And I am right about the great big beautiful bill. Okay? So you can tell it's getting tensor. But then he went on, we're getting the sound bite ready.


This just happened. I'll give you the preview and then we'll play it when we have it ready. But he came out and said, I would've won Pennsylvania without Elon and suggested maybe he's suffering from some Trump derangement syndrome. Oh God. And then Elon came out. Oh, by the way, Trump also said, I'm very disappointed because Elon knew the inner workings of this bill better than almost anyone. He had no problem with it. All of a sudden he had a problem And he only developed the problem when he found out we're gonna have to cut electric vehicle mandates. Ev mandates subsidies for, You know, green energy and like places like Tesla.


He hasn't said anything bad about me personally, but I'm sure that'll be next. But I'm very disappointed in Elon. And then Elon came out and said, okay, first of all, false. This bill was never shown to me. Not even once it was passed in the dead of night so fast that almost no one in Congress could even read it. Whatever he continued on x, keep the EV and solar incentive cuts in the bill fine. Even though there are no oil and gas subsidies, none of those are touched very unfair, but ditch the mountain of disgusting pork in this bill in the hi entire history of civilization. There's never been legislation that is both big and beautiful. Everyone knows this either you get a big and ugly bill or a slim and beautiful one.


Slim and beautiful is the way to go. And here was that soundbite with Trump going after him on Pennsylvania watch. I think I would've won, Susie would say I would've won Pennsylvania easily anyway. But I'm very disappointed because Elon knew the inner workings of this bill better than almost anybody sitting here, better than You. That's the part I read to You. He knew everything about it. He had no problem with it. All of a sudden he had a problem. And he only developed the problem when he found out that we're gonna have to cut the EV mint. And I'll be honest, I think he misses the place. I think he got out there and all of a sudden he wasn't in this beautiful oval office. And it's not, he's not the first people leave my administration and they love us.


And then at some point they miss it so badly. And some of them embrace it, and some of 'em actually become hostile. I don't know what it is. It's sort of Trump derangement syndrome, I guess they call it. But I, we have it with others too. They leave and they wake up in the morning and the glamors gone. The whole world is different and they become hostile. Oh boy. And then Stu Elon tweeted out without me, Trump would have lost the election. Dems would control the house, and Republicans would be 51 49 in the Senate. Such ingratitude. Oh, your thoughts.


Oh man. Well, maybe this was all too good to be true. Megyn. This Is this. We love that first hour. That first hour is so fun. Yeah, I know. Now it all crumbles, You know, this sort of su super team combo with Elon and Trump was always one of those things you've wondered about how long it might last, right? I mean, there two powder Ke they're Two very big egos to people who do not like to back down at all and kind of live their lives with, I'm gonna say whatever I want about whomever I want. I think there's a lot of Republicans who would be terrified of taking on Elon Musk from him, obviously controlling X to the fact that he's kind of like became, You know, the Republican's biggest benefactor, right?


Like, you don't, maybe that's one of the reasons why this took a couple of days. But frankly, when they start, when when you start saying stuff to Donald Trump, like, you would not have won without me. I don't know that there's, oh my gosh. Anything you could say to Donald Trump that would piss him off more than that sentence. I, I, I fear that other Than you also, you lost in 2020, those two, right? Yes. Those two things. And they're very closely related. Right. I think, You know, it's funny, we, I, You know, I was really optimistic with, with Elon Musk joining the way that he did. I, You know, I, I read his autobiography, or not his autobiography, the biography that was written about him, but the guy followed him around for months and months and months and months. Walter Isaac.


And While I was, I thank you very much. And the book is great, and it's really interesting. And you see Elon Musk, there's a lot of flaws in him. He's not a perfect guy. But one of the things that was really encouraging about him entering government was the way he approached these things. He, he, he often looked at the systems that had been ingrained forever and questioned them and ripped them apart and made them more efficient. And so I had really high hopes for this, but it always felt like there was a, a, a a, a bit of a, a, a wick on a time bomb. That, or I guess it wouldn't be a time bomb if there was a wick, but, You know, You know, I'm, I'm making up the analogy. I go here, Megyn. I got, it's picturing the cartoon bomb that does have a Exactly, Exactly.


You know, it's funny, we, when this all happened, I was with a group of friends back in right after the election, Trump won, and we were all kind of sitting around And, you know, all of us were rooting for this to be really successful, to Trump, to do great, and Elon to be great, helpful. And as we talked about it, we just kind of came up with this conclusion that, oh no, this is gonna turn bad. It's not gonna last that long. And we actually had a bet in which we p predicted the date of the breakup. And my pick, I want this to be known nationally, was May 29th. That was my pick. It is June 5th. So I, I missed by less than a week. And in the commercial break, after you told me about that clip, Meghan, I went into the group chat and I just texted my Venmo.


I'm not happy that I'm gonna win that bet, but I believe that bet is one. Yeah. It, it's not a surprise. It's unfortunate because, You know, it's, it's so much better for America. I think to have Elon on board with the Trump agenda, maybe they will be, again, maybe the big beautiful bill, which Mark Halpern was explaining to us yesterday, will pass because it must pass. Or Trump's entire presidency is in danger. That is what he said. Yeah. Maybe Elon will just swallow it and get past it and realize there's still so many areas of cooperation and like it does not service at all to have him supporting Democrats.


Like yesterday he was saying, people who vote for this thing will pay a price. Like, oh, I don't think he's actually gonna run against Republicans. I mean, what he's getting now online is people like George Conway tweeting. I love Elon Musk, don't you? Yeah. So what does this do for the left now, Stu? Are they gonna start buying Teslas again? Are they gonna, You know, do, is it okay to drive one? You don't have to firebomb Tesla stores any el longer since Elon is taking on Trump. I don't know, but it, it's not over. 'cause there's, I think, zero chance Trump lets, you would've lost the election without me lie. He is not going to let that lie without pummeling Elon.


It's about to get ugly. Oh man, it's gonna get really ug ugly. And I don't, You know, I'm not as, I know you're not either. I'm not excited about it. I, I, I, and I, I think it was really positive thing. And hopefully there is something that happens. I, I mean, I feel, I still think I agree with Mark that something's gonna pass. Might not be this exact bill or something super close to it. There may be a simplification process that has to occur over a period of time. We will see on that. And maybe Elon can come around to that. I think it's really negative for the country. If I, I, if Elon gets embraced by the left and goes back that direction, I mean his transformation, but the way he was treated by the media in the left is one of the most fascinating developments in politics over the past decade.


I mean, here's a guy who was absolutely loved. We were told global warming is the greatest existential threat, and electric cars are the answer. This man built this company and did incredible things. Not to mention what he did in solar and so many other aspects that should be very pleasing to the left. And were for a long time until, I mean, I think it really started with him wanting to keep his factory open and continue to make those electric cars during COVID VID And from there there's been this movement, he committed the ultimate grievous sin by supporting Donald Trump to the left. So I don't know that they can bring him back into the fold. They've been calling him a Nazi for the past year saying he's giving Nazi salutes at rallies.


Yeah, That's Right. They treated him. They will not take him back if he's, I don't think they'll take him back. I don, You know, he's the type of person that doesn't care. I think, You know, he doesn't care what people think about him. And of course, Trump doesn't either. And when you have that sort of battle, it doesn't feel like we're headed in, in a good direction. I will, I will, I will maintain our, our optimism from the earlier hour and hope that something can come out of this. But it's hard to see that path right now. Yashar Ali tweeted out as President Trump expressed disappointment in Elon and said he wasn't sure they would have a great relationship. Again, Tesla's stock price took a sharp dive and shows the little graph going down.


I mean, we'll see what happens. But this is, this is the beginning, I think of a saga. It's not, it's not the end. It's not even the end of the end of their relationship. It's like, I think this is the beginning of something that hopefully will get resolved quickly. They should pick up the phone and chat that, that would be the nicest thing to see. Meanwhile, I've got to get to this just because it's graduation season, right? All these colleges, you're seeing everybody graduate and high schools are starting to do it. And somebody who had a special graduation in her family that she's celebrating, which I will get to on the back end of this first clip is Sonny Hostin. We talked about the view and how dumb they are. Here's, just in case you forgot, Sonny host's view of America.


I worry about my children's future, especially my daughter who now has less rights than I have this stolen land. First of all, okay, California's stolen land. The biggest threat to our country today says the FBI's director is white supremacy and domestic terrorism. Merrick Garland said, the biggest threat to our democracy is white supremacy and domestic terrorism. How do you come together when it's homegrown terror? The and and we have never addressed why there is that issue that remains in this country 400 years later. Okay, so we have white supremacists running around this country.


It's the biggest threat we face. And she's deeply worried about her children's future. You heard her there. I'm very worried about my children's future. Well, fear not Sonny, because look at the picture she posted just the other day here. Is her son graduating from Harvard? Yes. Her black son graduated from Harvard. Even though it's a country of white supremacists and she's deeply, deeply worried for his future. I'm sure he has no chance ahead of him. Still the effing nerve of this woman, let me tell you, virtually nobody listening to this program is going to have a child who gets into Harvard, nevermind graduates from, from Harvard.


Sonny Hostin made that happen because she's a host on the view and because she's a woman of color and she gave birth to a son of color and all of that greased the wheels for this kid right into Harvard, obviously. But she still gets to run around calling us all white supremacists a terrible country in which her child is endangered. The absolute rank hypocrisy and disgusting dishonesty of her commentary has never been so obvious as this week with that photo. Hmm. It's, it's almost like a pastor who's preaching the bible while com, You know, committing all sorts of infidelities behind the scenes.


It's like, here, she's painting this picture to her audience. She wants them to believe that they can't make it, that their opportunity has been destroyed. That, that there's no hope. I mean, you listen to the way she talks about that, who would wanna even live in this country? And then you realize that she's in the middle of living some version of the American dream. She's first at, first of all, a talentless moron that's making millions of dollars on television. I guess that's, I mean, it's a weird part of the American dream, but lately it seems to be a a, a pretty consistent one. But on the other fact, even bigger than that, your son achieving something like that, watching your son go through that and achieving some, You know, I mean, look, Harvard, I have a lot of problems with it.


I'm sure it's pretty difficult. And, and you have to be pretty smart to get in, even if you are being helped at some level, graduating Harvard is an achievement. It's the type of thing that you think, didn't Joy Reed graduate from Harvard? I think Joy Reid. So let's just, let's Be careful. No, that can't, that can't be true. Pretty sure she did. If that's true, we should cut. It did. We should cut the land off and push it off into the ocean. But if, I don't know if that's true, I it's hard to believe because we're gonna shack even on the views she did, if you stand she did is an idiot did my Producer's confirming, alright, Yeah, I that that's okay. Just where, how do we, what do we do here? How do we, can we send it to another country? I don't, she's Another, but she's another grievance filled person who's not grateful at all for the education she got at one of our elite institutions.


It's just she, the nerve of Sonny Hostin to try to make us feel sorry for him. He's endangered. I'm deeply worried about his future. Are you, is he gonna have a tough time as a young black American male graduating from Harvard, which you well knew when you were making all your stupid empty complaints? Oh, it's so, it's so good. I, You know, and the, the problem of course here, Megyn, is that education is what fuels her commentary. It's that that messaging from our elite institutions, which is constantly telling every person who goes through the doors, how terrible the country is they're about to walk into.


And that has led to so many massive problems. I mean, look, we can talk about the Trump Elon drama. It sucks. I, I don't want that to happen. But when he's looking at these, these institutions that are watching Jews get lit on fire in parks and, and then coming out and constantly sh holding pro-Palestinian rallies, not only the day after that, but the day after October 7th, they were doing this. That type of stuff happening is a, a core problem. Thank God Trump is there to target that and make everybody aware of it and try to do something about it because you get this sort of, You know, feedback loop and the feedback loop here.


I hope this isn't true with Sonny Hassan's childhood. They didn't learn these things. I hope he's smart enough to recognize the idiocy and the total disparity of, of what he's being told by his mother and probably what he's being told in college and the real world where he's gonna go out and have an incredibly successful career, probably make hundreds of thousands of dollars out the door. Yeah, I don't understand how you can see those two things in the same place. It's just her, Her lies about the country are infuriating. It's like you can make it in this country, black or white. What you need to check is your grievance. If you work hard, black, white, or other, you can make it in America.


That's the beauty of being born here or obtaining American citizenship. And every normal American knows that. And even Sonny Hostin on some level must know that with her privileged life and her huge mansion, which she's put online before and we've shown it, and her kid at Harvard, it's just, she wants us to believe in this dark, as you say, dystopian version of our country while she's secretly living this lavish life of luxury. While we're onto you, your and your grift like your friend Corinne, I've got to end with this. It's weird, but we've gotta talk about it.


Meghan Markle posted a bizarre video on her social media yesterday, which sent several people into absolute meltdown. It is the cringes most uncomfortable piece of tape I've seen in a long time. I'm sorry, but I'm going to make you watch it sought 24. She's Supposedly nine months pregnant in the hospital room dancing with a big belly. Carrie's there too. She's kind of twerking. She's gonna twerk If she baby mama, I'm Terry Gonna, she gonna do drop drop.


She spreads her legs, she hides her dress, Drop drop Circles or genitals around and around. Okay? This, this is deeply problem problematic in a, on a number of levels. Number one, here's the problem. We don't like you Meghan Markle. We don't like you. And no amount of posting videos that you think are gonna humanize you will make us like you. You've already shown us your true colors. We know who you are. You helped kill the queen. You didn't give two shits about calling the royal family racist while Prince Philip was on his deathbed and casting aspersions on him. You have completely undermined all the amazing gifts that this family has given you as nothing and suggested that they didn't care.


You were suicidal and they were the ones who drove you there. So she has absolutely no love loss between her and most people who may be somewhat warm towards the royal family, even if we're not big on royalty. She's reportedly bullied virtually everybody who's ever worked for her. She can't keep a staff in London. She can't keep a staff in Montecito. She's a bully. She's obsessed with her own ego face on television, et cetera, and playing the victim. So no amount of humanizing videos, even if she managed to find one, are going to work. You know, if you actually are a good person, you don't show up at the Uvalde Mass School shooting and put yourself on camera and make it about you. You don't see photo op when you see dead children, which she did.


So spare us the attempt. Okay, it's a waste of everybody's time. But secondly, like the gross disrespect to the intimacy and privacy of marriage and childbirth. You know, there are some moments that are supposed to be between a, a husband and a wife only. And the moments before you give birth to your child is one of them. When you are together in that room and your child is coming, and maybe you do have a fun moment. I don't, this is not how I spent my moments before giving birth, but maybe you do have a fun moment, but it's private, it's actually holy.


And for her to need to make it into an ego trip, which she's clearly doing, look at me dancing, I'm still fun and I'm sexy and I have this great marriage. And here's Harry being like a normal guy is, is disrespectful, I think to the, to the moment, to the child and truly to like the sanctity of what goes on for any humans who are actually in that situation. She just, she's drunk on her own ego. Your thoughts. I I, my thoughts are, what did I just watch? What, what was, what a bizarre. You've now ruined the entire vibe of the first hour.


Megyn, I hope you realize what you've done. My apologies. I will never forgive you for such a thing. It's funny because watching it is, you're right. Like there's a, I mean, maybe a thought that they have a private moment like that and maybe it's nice between them and it's a nice memory of a silly moment before she gives birth. What it feels like to me is she's in a p in a PR firm meeting and someone says, we need to humanize you. Go through your phone, find some fun moments of you and Harry and we'll post them and everyone will like you again. You can't manufacture that stuff, right? It feels fake. It feels weird. I don't understand why they would think something like that would, would work, but it's, this is not a, these are not people who are just posting on a whim, right?


Like this is an entire industry. It's calculated. I know you've covered, yeah, you've covered this in depth. This is a whole, this is a whole industry. They've got people working on this all 24 hours a day to try to make this, to make this Meghan Markle thing into a thing. I, I don't think it's been very successful so far, but I feel like this is just a blatant attempt at it. It, it sort of reminds me when, when Chrissy Teigan had what we now know was an abortion, which she at the time told us was a miscarriage and posted photos of her crying like hysterical in the hospital room. It was so weird. First of all, who takes pictures of themselves when they're crying and then, and then post them online, especially after losing a baby.


Look what the f what I don't get it. This is not losing a baby, thank God. But it is just as intimate and none of our effing business. But she needs us to love her. So she will do whatever it takes and she doesn't know how to make us love her. The other thing I'm gonna say, and I know this is weird, but there's this one of those conspiracy theories on the internet that she might not have actually carried her babies. One or both, that they may have used a surrogate of, trust me. 'cause I'm, I'm neck deep in all the news around these two. And there are many people who long before today are convinced she used surrogates and that the her pregnancies were fake One or both of them. And this is the only time that I've actually indulged the theory.


Because if we can show that video again, I don't know, can we show it without playing the weird sound that that belly looks very abnormal, that it looks very strange. If you look up close in the video, and I encourage people, look at this, it looks like there's like a bag or like some sort of something shoved up under a dress. It does not look like a pregnant belly. It looks all bumpy. It's very strange. It looks like what you'd get if you put like a pillowcase full of like socks or something under your dress. You gotta look up close. There's very strange bumps coming off of that pregnant belly. I don't know why Stu but for the first time ever, I'm kind of like, is is this something we should be indulging because it doesn't look normal to me or the belly doesn't look normal, doesn't look like we're a pregnant woman's belly is.


And I don't understand what all those bumps on the belly are. I don't get it. Hmm, that's interesting. Yeah, it does look different. I, I guess, I mean, I, I suppose it's possible that, You know, You know, I, I don't know. I wasn't there, but I I will say I noticed the same thing you're noticing looking at it. I mean, it's the first thing that I think kind of pops into your mind. It's like, what, what's, what's going On there? Why is her stomach so bumpy? Maybe they had stuck some monitors on there, but normally you'd be, they don't give you like remote monitors on your belly. I've had three kids, all the monitors they stick on, you are connected to the thing that's right next to your hospital bed. You know, she wasn't wired up at all. I don't know what's going on under there. I don't trust her. And I wouldn't be surprised if she were pulling some sort of a subterfuge on us.


Let's face it, it's not a beyond her. Yeah. Well, I mean it, I think she is kind of well known as a person who will kind of go to any lengths at this point to improve her image and to, to try to smooth all of these bumps out. Not not pointing to her belly, but to her PR situation. And I, You know, it's funny 'cause I think in some ways it sort of connects to what we were talking about with Karine Jean Pierre. It feels like that same type of effort, like this sort of desperate attempt to, to paper over something that, something else that's going on. So, I don't know. I I mean if you get to the bottom of that, that controversy, if you can just journalist your way to figuring out if that was fake or not. I mean, Pulitzer, look, you've got the Pulitzer coming your way.


I, I don't think she faked her pregnancies. Like, oh, I realize that all reason, and, And you know, logic would dictate she, she did get pregnant. I mean, we know they have two kids, but the, the theory is that she had surrogates have them at a vanity. But we did see her at various stages in the pregnancies. I just, that's the first time I've actually looked at her and said, holy shit, what am I wrong? Because that, that stomach does not look normal. Okay, Stu Gear, thank you for playing. It's been quite an emotional journey for us. I really appreciate you doing this with me. It has, you started me on such a high and now you're leaving me on a low. I don know how to feel about this. Well, And and it like a question. It's a question. We, we had a low and then, and then it was just a question. You know, like that little emoji that you can have on your iPhone with like the one spectacle in the eye looking up.


That's us right now. We're there. See us too. This is it. This is the journey. Thank you so much, Megyn. Okay, Up next. So excited for representative Brandon Gill, who's ever excited to talk to a member of Congress. Let's be honest, I mean, that's not normally what we do here for a reason, but this guy is, as I referred to him before, a stone cold assassin of ridiculous leftists who get called before Congress cannot wait to meet him. He's next


homeowners. You need to listen to this. In today's AI and cyber world. Scammers are stealing home titles and your equity could be the target. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and just like that, your home title can be transferred out of your name. Then they try to take out loans using your equity or they even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection of or a foreclosure notice in the mail. So when is the last time you checked on your home title? The answer's probably never. But you need to do something about that right now. Home Title Lock can tell you if you're already a victim. Use our promo code Megyn at Home Title Lock dot com and you'll get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud does happen, they will spend up to $1 million to fix it. Don't be a victim. Protect your equity today. Go to Home Title Lock dot com. Use promo code Megyn, that's Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


This administration is working very hard to try and fix this country, but while they're focused on fixing the country, they can't fix your personal finances. That's really up to you. And that's why thousands of Americans are turning to birch gold. In the past 12 months, the value of gold has risen by 30%. Think about that. How's your stock market investment doing? Has it gone up 30%? If you made 30% on your money and demand is strong and it's growing. While reports are that the Brix nations are actively working to challenge the US dollar as the world's reserve currency, that's not great. In other uncertain times, gold has offered peace of mind. And in these uncertain times it does the same. Birch gold makes it incredibly easy to convert your existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA backed by physical gold. Or if you prefer you can buy gold to store in your own home safe, just Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating. With the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers take control of protecting your savings today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.


And that's commercial break.


Nice. Ooh, hear that My neck cracked. So satisfying. Speaking of satisfying, I just use a Clorox toilet wand. Ooh. With a cleaner already in it. Yes. All in one. The brush just clicks on click, then you switch, ah, and pops right off into the trash. Just click swish bop. Clorox clean feels good. Clean feels good. Oh, we are back use as directed.


I'm Megyn Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly Megyn Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Let me take you back. All right. Back when I was at Fox News and what still I consider the, the best interview I've ever done. I mean, it's just the greatest interview ever. And it was with a guy named Bill Ayers, who was one of the founders of the Weather Underground, a domestic terrorist group, which was bombing the United States regularly. I mean, it's crazy to think about. They were, it was a protest of the Vietnam War and they bon it. They bombed a bunch of federal buildings in Washington dc They targeted the home of a judge scaring his child to within an inch within an inch of his life. We did an in-depth piece on them. And ultimately it was crazy. We got Bill ays this hard leftist outta Chicago.


Of course he wound up in the university system to come into Fox News and sit down by and be interviewed by yours truly. Now how did we do that? It was a great backstory and it was because of my pal Dinesh dea, who I knew very well and whose movies I promoted whenever they came out on my shows on Fox News. And Dinesh had interviewed Bill Ayers for one of his movies And he said, MK, I think I can get him for you. I'm like, you go guy. Let's see if you can do that. And he did it. So Dinesh Jesusa is a mountain mover and a bit of a miracle worker. And since I've left Fox and over the years we've lost touch a little. I had him on to promote 2000 mules when he dropped that movie.


But it's not like I see him as much as I did when we were both at Fox. Well, it wasn't a huge surprise to me in some ways to learn that Dinesh's daughter, who obviously was raised by a very smart savvy man, married her own smart savvy man. And I found out that my number one hero in Congress in the house, Brandon Gill, a representative from the great state of Texas, is her husband. He's 31 years old. He married Dinesh's daughter, only one of his many great decisions. And he has become like a surgeon with these leftist liars who get called before Congress.


You know how these, these representatives, they always blow it. They just bloviate and they, no one wants to hear them bloviate. We don't even listen when they do these seven minute speeches, shut up and ask them good questions, learn how to do it. He's better than all of them. He's high entertainment. And he, he will never lose when you see him up against anybody. If he asks you something, he's got the receipt. So you might as well just roll over. Who could forget, for example, his take down of NPRs CEO about her insane past tweets about white superiority and reparations. This was the moment we fell in love with Brandon Gill. Here it is. Do you believe that white people in inherently feel superior to other races?


I do Not. You Don't. You, you tweeted something to that effect. You said, I I grew up feeling superior. Ha. How wide of me. Why did you tweet that? I think I was probably reflecting on what it was to be, to grow up in an environment where I had lots of advantages. It, It sounds like you're saying that white people feel superior. I I don't believe that anybody feels that way, sir. I was just reflecting on my own experiences. Do you think the white people should pay reparations? I I have never said that, sir. Yes, you did. You said it in January of 2020, you tweeted Yes. The north Yes. All of us. Yes. America. Yes. Our original collective sin and unpaid debt. Yes. Reparations. Yes. On this day, I don't believe that was a reference to fiscal reparations.


Sir, what Kind of reparations was it a reference to? I think it was just a reference to the idea that we all owe much to the people who came before us. Was it? Brilliant. Welcome to the show representative. So nice to meet you. Thanks for having me on. Okay, so tell me everything, start it all. What, how did you develop this great cross-examination style? Because my understanding is you're not a lawyer. I'm not a lawyer. And you know, you, you think of it as you've got five minutes with these people, that's all you get. And I'm a freshman, so I always go last, which means oftentimes all the good questions have been a asked already. So we have our team go through all the things that, that these people have said that they've tweeted, that they've said in, in interviews, or that they've written.


And we just ask them about it. You know, whenever you have Katherine Maher, she has a long history of saying absurd wild, outlandish things. And I just wanted to simply ask her about it. You know, your, your firm NPR receives millions of dollars every single year. We're paying your salary. I think it's fair for me to ask you about some of the crazy things you've said in the past. And the funny thing about that hearing in particular is we could only get through a few of her tweets. There were, there's a whole lot more we wanted to get to, but just didn't have time. Oh, it was ama the part where, You know, she's like, you're like, are you for reparations? And she's like, no. And you're like, you tweeted that you are.


And she's like, no. You said you read that book. No, I never read that book. You said I took the whole day off to sit at home reading the book. It was so great. So one of my questions for you is, now that we've seen you time and time again, bring the receipts like they know, they know if you're holding up this paper, you've got them, you've proven, you're careful. Are you getting more compliance from the witnesses in rolling over earlier? You know, I think that they, they know I've, I've noticed in the hearings now, you'll see the, the hostile witnesses, the ones the Democrats pick, kind of eyeing me before I go. 'cause they know something's coming at them now. But, You know, so many of these people have never been questioned on the crazy things that they believed.


And you know, Catherine Mar in particular, there was a time from about 2016 to 2022 or so, whenever the, the Black Lives Matter movement really blossomed. Whenever anti-racism was a really popular thing. All of these far left movements were in vogue. And all, all people like her had to do was just spout off these talking points, these nonsensical terms, You know, whiteness, cisgender mobility, privilege, demeaning white men in particular. And that's all it took for them to rise through the ranks of these utterly rotten left wing institutions. And now all of that is coming home to roost because the American people can see how deeply sick this stuff is.


And I think that we can't just let it pass. We've got to hold these people accountable. Yes, thank you for asking questions of them. You know, like you don't give 'em the floor, but you ask questions and get an answer and then impeach with the prior inconsistent statement. It's beautiful. It's what you learn how to do in law school when you're becoming a trial lawyer. But you are not a trial lawyer. You are the son of a rancher right. In the Dallas area. Tell us about your childhood. That's right. I I grew up in a cattle ranch in west Texas outside of Abilene. So grew up working cows, driving tractors and backhoes, building fence, doing everything you would expect to do on a thousand acre cattle ranch. Never, never became a lawyer. I worked in finance for a little bit professionally and then started a conservative media business that I ran prior to running for office.


Never thought I'd be running this young at all, but had but had the opportunity and jumped in. But You know, you, it doesn't take a a legal mind to, to expose these people. All it takes is their own tweets, their, the, the, the things that they put out on their own. And that's the crazy thing is that whenever you just ask them, you said you believe in reparations, do you then I think they realize how nuts that is and everybody else watching can see it too. Well your other skill, obviously given your background is a lifetime of exposure to what actual bullshit looks like and smells like. You, you learn firsthand And you know it when you see and hear it. Thank God for the rest of us.


So there was an exchange just yesterday that we also enjoyed this is the CEO of the National Council of Nonprofits. Before we show this, why was she there? What were you guys trying to dig into? You know, we're digging into the NGO Industrial complex. This is a, a group of nonprofits and NGOs that receive hundreds of billions of dollars every single year from taxpayer from at taxpayer expense. And the Democrats brought this lady in who's the head of a, a nonprofit sort of umbrella group that represents a whole lot of different charities. Some received tax dollars, some don't. And they brought her in basically to make the case that all nonprofits are great, they're, You know, building houses for, for the homeless and they're feeding the poor.


And the ca the, the reality couldn't be further from the truth. This woman was a far left activist who is masquerading as a nonpartisan, You know, nonprofit NGO person. So wanted to expose her as well and show that this is the person that the Democrats want to speak for their side of the aisle. Okay. So her name is Diane Yentl, president and chief executive officer, officer of the National Council of Nonprofits roll it. So 31. And are you a racist? I'm I'm not a Racist. You're not a racist. Particularly interesting because according to one of your affiliate charities, under your nonprofit umbrella, denial of racism constitutes covert white supremacy.


Are you a covert white supremacist? Sir? I'm here to talk about the essential work that nonprofits Are. Are you a covert white supremacist? Can I talk about the work that nonprofits do? District No, I'm asking you if you're a covert white supremacist. I am here to talk about the essential work that nonprofits do. If you'd like to ask me a Question, I'm utterly dumbfounded. You won't, you are on record right now and you will not say that you are not a covert white supremacist. I don't have a definition in front of me That that is really, really astounding. I can answer very directly that I'm not a covert white supremacist and I I imagine all of my colleagues can as well. I I think you ought to reevaluate what you're doing in the nonprofit sector.


So what's so brilliant about it? Because like she could see you were laying the trap, she could see that she kind of had to say she was a covert white supremacist if you followed her own logic, right? Saying you're not a racist makes you a covert white supremacist. And so she didn't wanna give you the point, You know, that aha, I am one and like can see the era of her own logic. So she just kept refusing to say it without thinking, what am I, why am I refusing to say this? This is such a basic denial that I should give. You know, I I was a little dumbfounded during that hearing because it was so easy for her to just say no. And I gave her like two or three minutes and I kept asking her, are you sure you want to answer that way?


Okay, would you plea I was, I was basically begging her to tell everybody she was not a white supremacist and she just refused to do it. True. Because it's like either your logic was faulty or you're a white supremacist and she chose A or she chose B, she chose b. She was like, I'm fine leaving it out there that I might be a covert white supremacist. I'm good with that. It's just that's very clever. I that's very well done. Now I have read that your role model is Jim Jordan. Is it true? That is absolutely true. I think he's been one of the most effective congressman we've seen in a long time. So he's great. Trey Gowdy, he also was amazing at it.


And honestly like there's, you three are just like in, in a very small class. I'm sure there's a couple others who I'm forgetting, but like, it's so rare that you actually enjoy a congressional hearing and as you point out, by the time they get to the last guy, you're done. Everybody. Like, are you noticing better attendance at these things when you go We, we've noticed that people are paying a lot more attention to these things. You know, I, I don't make the rules that these leftists set up. If, if democrats want to want to come up with the idea that everybody is either a racist or a covert white supremacist, then let's hold them to the same standards as well. I didn't make that rule. But they need to, they need to hold to that as well. 'cause they're the ones who made it.


But I, I have noticed in the hearings more and more people showing up. Talk to me about your, your wife and your father-in-law. Like it's such a small world. I love that you have this connection. Did you and your wife meet in college? We did. We both met when we were in college at Dartmouth. We met at, in a Christian student organization that we were both part of and, and led through college. I met her whenever she's a year younger than I am. And I, I saw her at, at one of the, the events that we were ho hosting, thought she was beautiful, asked her out on a date and then got friend zone. So I was stuck in the friend zone for two years, but tough, very persistent and, and got out of it.


And then we got married shortly after. And when you like got to know her dad, were you delighted? Oh, this is sweet. Here's your, you down on one knee for a listening audience in front of a beautiful fall background in Lake W Like have you spent much time with Dinesh? Do You know Danesh? Well, I don't know anything about, You know, how close their family is, but Oh no, no. Dinesh very well talk to him regularly. He's, I would consider him sort of a, a political mentor of mine and a personal mentor as well. He's a brilliant, brilliant guy. He is somebody that you can ask yes, you can sit down with him. You can ask him about any, anything in history, anything in philosophy, anything about politics. And if you're, if you're willing to listen, he can talk, he can lecture for an hour if you want to.


I mean, just encyclopedic mind about all of the things that we're working on now. So we've got a, a great relationship. It makes for particularly fascinating Christmas dinners with, I'll bet with Danielle and me Dine Bett. So did, did you, because not many people will leave, You know, wall Street and a hedge fund for Congress before they've made a hundred million dollars, which I know you definitely didn't do in your first couple of years. So I mean, it's a big sacrifice. You're, You know, I, I realize some people get rich in Congress like Nancy Pelosi, but your better bet was to stay on Wall Street. So what made you leave? You know, I, I was a part of some conservative student groups in, in college and we were sort of the rabble rousers, very liberal campus, just sort of going against the grain.


And I loved it. I loved being part of the political fight and as much as I loved my time in finance, I wanted to get back into that fight. And it, this was at a time whenever Joe Biden was president, the left seemed to really be ascendant in, in every single way. And I knew that we needed a, a media ecosystem that could push back against the mainstream media narrative. So I started a conservative media business to do that, to defend the president, to defend good conservatives in Congress who were actually fighting back hard Trump. So I did that for several years. This is, this is, this was right at the beginning of, of the Biden administration whenever I, whenever I started that.


Well, Because you said you wanted to defend the president, which I doubted you doubt you wanted to do when Biden to defend President Trump. You're right. Okay. Okay. To defend President Trump. And, and I did that for several years and, and loved it. And my wife and I live in Texas. We live in a, a little town called Flower Mound. And kind of unexpectedly the, the sitting congressman announced that he was retiring totally out of the blue. And we realized that we wanted to make sure that we had good conservative representation. And the way I see it is in a district like mine that's very Republican, it's not good enough anymore just to be a good vote. We need people who are gonna go into Washington and who are gonna fight back hard and really swing at the left just as hard as they're swinging at us.


Because if we don't do that, we're gonna lose. And that's what Time you're becoming a star, the old fashioned way, just by being excellent, not by being an A OC who's obsessed with posting videos of herself with assembling her furniture. It's like you're just actually being amazing. And that's how we came to know you. And I think that's how everybody has come to know you. Have you been impressed with the high level of intellect and seriousness of your colleagues in the house left and right? I, I have, I have both been impressed and very disappointed at times as well. You know, it, Washington is its own ecosystem.


It it has its own vernacular. We, they, it operates in a way that's very foreign, I think, to the way most of the people in this country see the world. And I think that that's a problem. You know, I think that there's, for a long time, especially on our side of the aisle, a disconnect between the way Washington approaches politics and the way our voters want us to approach politics. And one of those is that we, we've got to fight everybody in this country. Republicans especially can see our country being taken away from us, whether it's open borders or boys and girls sports or seeing the left takeover, really every single facet of civil society. They're wondering what in the world are, are our representatives in Washington doing?


And that's the kind of fight that we've gotta bring. And that's what I, what I hope to see become more normal in this town. Okay. I wanna play one more on the subject of boys and girls sports. When you had in the chairman of USA fencing, and here's What happened, 34, I'm just asking you yes or no, do you think men should be allowed in women's locker rooms? I I don't have a personal opinion on you don't Have a per you have a personal opinion on a lot of things, but not on that. Sure. I mean, it's, it's a locker room is not really an area where people interact. So, so The answer is yes. I don't really have any. Do you Think that men should be allowed to share showers with women in athletic facilities? I I think that showering is a private activity and that it should be private and It should be private.


There's oftentimes communal showers. Are you okay with men showering with women? I, I don't have an opinion on that in the context of us. A you Don't. Interesting. That's a, that's an astounding thing to not have an opinion on. I think most normal people have an opinion on that. It's so fun. I gotta ask you a question before you go. A newsy question. Seeing a bit of a war break out between Trump and Elon on the big beautiful Bill Elon is threatening Republicans who vote for it, suggesting he might even like, come after them politically. On whose side do you fall? You know, listen, this bill, there's, there's always things you can do to make any piece of legislation better. And I agree with a lot of the things that Elon is saying, but this bill delivers on so many of the promises that we made to voters, border security, military funding, pushing back against the transgender nonsense.


I mean this is, and an extension of the Trump tax cuts, which would be huge for the economy. So I think that this is a bill that we've gotta get passed. Alright, so your team Trump, which will probably serve you well. Brandon Gill, thank you so much for what you do and for being here. Thanks for having me. Wow, it was so great. So great to have somebody to root for in that body. Is it not? Okay, we are back tomorrow with Ben Shapiro and Red Scare. What a fun show for a Friday afternoon. We will see you then. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS No agenda And no fear.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.