
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Friday. We are going into Super Bowl weekend, everybody. I told you Doug and I are gonna go, this is the first time we've ever been, we were invited by the CEO of YouTube and we said yes. I met him when I was in Washington for the inauguration. I, I didn't know him and I think we had met one other time, but You know, obviously we're not in a first name basis. Exactly. And it was actually a very productive meeting.


I told him the things that I would love to see YouTube change and that you guys know me. I was very frank and he was very respectful and I did acknowledge to him what you guys know is true, which is with our show. They have been very fair. We've only gotten clipped a couple of times and I raised the specific issues and you guys know what those are too. 'cause I'm not shy about it. I don't like the fact that you can't describe what's being done to so-called trans children as mutilation and YouTube will potentially demonetize your show will pull your show. So we talked about that and I am hopeful about progress in the free speech lane now because all of big tech, I think is reevaluating life under Donald Trump. Right. Anyway, we're gonna go and it'll be my very first Super Bowl.


I'm very excited to do this. I'm grateful for the invitation and I don't know what to expect like football, but it's supposed to be like a big, You know, extravaganza the whole weekend. And I will have a full report for you guys of the behind the scenes happenings when we get back to the show on Monday. And we will have a show on Monday. I think Abby will correct me. I think it's might be one of those that's gonna have to drop later in the day. Yeah, yeah. 6:00 PM Steve Kra hour tells me, because we gotta fly back that day. Anyway, we'll talk in a minute about what Trump is saying about the Super Bowl. 'cause he's going to, and I'm actually hoping I'm gonna be able to see him while he is there and what the ads, 'cause you always get the preview of the ads that they're gonna drop.


What they tell us about where America is in 2025. I mean, it's very telling and it's very interesting. Gosh, there's so many punctuations on storylines we've all been talking about together for the past couple of years. It's just such an inflection point right now in our society with Trump taking over in the two weeks. Everything's on fire in a great way, unless you're a leftist, in which case you're still crying in your soup. I can't help you. Oh, well anyway. And they're, they're, they're getting really upset about the spending cuts. You know, we're, we're gonna have a guest, a first time guest on the show today named Mike Solana. He's after VDH, who's up first. He's the editor in chief of a publication called Pirate Wars.


And he, he's his target audience is like, why wires? I mean, guys in their twenties and thirties who are in tech, and he makes a really interesting point. He, he dropped this great piece and in his piece, he raises the point that, boy, they're really freaking out over the cuts to U-S-A-I-D and they're really freaking out over possible cuts to the Department of Education. I'll tell you in a second what they're doing there today. Well, yep. Not really seeing the protests in the street about deporting the immigrants, about closing the border, about the trans executive orders, about the DEI executive orders.


And he's so right that, where did they draw the line in the sand? The do not fire the federal bureaucrats. The deep state must stay now, now it's war. Right. All this bullshit that they say to like pander to their far left base about like, oh, the wokes, oh, the trans people and la DEI. No, it's, wait a minute, you're cutting federal bureaucrat fat cats jobs. It's on. And that brings me to the Department of Education this morning where the Democrats get a little insurrection this morning over there in their fight, not just with Trump, but with Elon Musk.


They, they try to like storm the building, but meanwhile it's like we don't even have a Trump appointed DOE chief. You know, it's Linda McMahon, but she hasn't even had her confirmation hearing scheduled. So like who exactly are you gonna go tear down when you get in there? Like, what's your plan exactly if you do get through the door, Maxine Waters, who of course was there, she the leftists, they're very upset. Not about Trump. You don't even hear Trump's name that much, but about Elon. And there is a brand new cover of Time magazine, which will show you exactly that. Not to mention the ridiculousness on CNN. Okay? So we're gonna talk all about that and much, much more with VDH.


Victor Davis Hanson is here, he's senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, and author of The End of Everything, how Wars descend into Annihilation


Grand Canyon University. A private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes that equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


VDH, welcome back. Thank you for having me Megan. So I, my next guest will forgive me for stealing his point for the top of the show, but I think it's a really good one, don't you, about this is where they, they really did get upset and it's actually causing protests in the street, not all the other stuff that they've been whining about for four years. Yeah, I think so. I, but the problem they're having is that in almost every one of these issues, there's 70% approval rating on Trump. He's picked these issues primarily for that reason. The border and energy and cutting waste. Th there's overwhelming support for it all. So every time they say, say they're gonna have a big protest, or, Hey, come Jeffrey, hi, come.


Jeffrey says he is gonna go in the street, he's not gonna go in the street. Cory Booker's not gonna go in the street. There's no support for it if they're cut Social Security Yeah. Or Medicare. Yeah, but he's not gonna do that. So this is a slow motion suicide of the Democratic Party. There's screaming and yelling on the confirmation. You, you've, you've aired probably the, the voting at the DNC that crazy, I don't know what you would call it, quotas on which candidate was of which sort sexual orientation. It's just They wanted non-binary represented equally. Yeah. And it's, and then the, this meltdown over Elon Musk, Elon Musk, I mean the National Security Advisor of the United States doesn't have to be confirmed.


He serves at the, the wish of the president. So Elon Musk doesn't have, he's the same category. And You know, during world, I was just thinking during World War ii, FDR really turned over his foreign policy to Bernard Baruch and Harry Hopkins. They were, they had no DOJ, no Doge type affiliation. They were just, I don't know what you'd call 'em, senior counselors. They didn't even work for the government. And Harry Hopkins moved in for four years into the White House and Republicans say, this guy's running all the foreign policy during the war. And, and then if you think about the scientific stuff that Elon's trying to do and, and bring coding and everything in for efficiency, they just turned over the war effort on the war production board.


These guys weren't elected, they were not confirmed. Henry Ford, Henry Kaiser, William Newtson, they just rebooted the entire American economy. They were geniuses at what they did. But this is not new to have an advisor. What's new is that he actually has a statutory authority in this new, this new agency of Doge. But it, I don't know what, whether it's he's an apostate and they're, they're furious at him because Tesla and his wealth was used on, on their behalf. But they're, they're just committing suicide and they're, they're down to 31%. That's the lowest in my lifetime they've ever been and approval rating. And, and I guess they want to go down to 20 and they will get there if they keep this hysteria up.


Here is how it looked outside of the Department of Education today, where they try to get in, but the security would not let them. Were you told to stand here or did you decide to stand here and block members of Congress, members of education to federal? The depart rules we're allowed in there. So do you, do you understand who members of Congress office And you don't care. You don't care. They have a job to do. We're not dangerous people. We're not, I don't know, security. There are no thieves and thugs out here. We're members of Congress with clarification. We're teachers, you are elected.


This is our job, This is our job. We're doing our job, trying to request a meeting and they won't. They have a private security contractor who on his own is making decisions on behalf of the Department of Education. Look them in the eye. Come on, hold your face up, look at him. Let him see you. This is him. Look at it. What's your name? Tell us your name. Gimme that Id again, I'm giving you the id I showed it to you. So what I showed you the id You do what? I showed you the id. Could you let me see the ID again? No, no. Will someone else ask him for the id? I think I speak for everyone when I say we're on his side.


I mean, can you imagine if the dynamic were reversed there, Victor? And if were a mi a white man saying the Maxine Water, get your head up. Look at me, gimme your id, show it to me again. Get it out. She can be as disrespectful as she wants of him though. Yeah. I mean, this isn't the first time, during the first term, she told everybody to bird dog and harass and get in the faces and followed Trump supporters into restaurants and stuff. And then we had Al Green, and I think this is the fifth time he's been screaming about impeaching Donald Trump and Comb Jeffries who says he is a moderate, but he's not. He was telling everybody to go out in the streets. Cory Booker is replaying the Spartacus role of the confirmation hearing of Kavanaugh.


He's screaming and yelling about he as if he's Winston Churchill, we're gonna fight on the beaches and all this. It's insane. And they don't understand that. Most people, I I'd say the vast majority of people are so sick of it and they just want to cut the size of government. They don't want to give the BBC 8% of its budget. They really don't want to do that. They don't wanna pay for the subscriptions of bureaucrats to Politico. They don't, that's beside all the trans and gay stuff. And another thing they don't mention is we're we're spending a lot of money to go into traditional fundamentalist societies in the Middle East and Asia, and then almost as if we're 19 ci century pith hat, British imperialist and starting to, You know, pride flag just, and you'd think that after Kabul, when the pride flag was on the embassy and George Floyd murals and the gender studies, they would've learned their lesson that if you really want to alienate a traditional society, you don't bring in trans and gay and all of these crazy ideas, You know, politically correct.


Sesame on street, on Middle East tv. But they, they, they're really cultural imperials. That's what's so ironic about it. And they turn off people overseas. So when they, when Elon says get rid of it, it would be better for foreign relations. I think he's right. It's not just the 50 billion we'd say, but we wouldn't be, we wouldn't appear so obnoxious and sermonizing and arrogant to all of these societies that purportedly were helping The pushback. I mean, I don't know what she thought she was gonna accomplish just because she's a member of Congress that she can just show up and announced barge into the DOE with a bunch of civilians. They don't know. They haven't cleared their intent once they get into the DOE is unclear.


Can you imagine what that guy, what the kind of hot water he would've been into? I I if, if they had just let them all in, just come on in. I mean, now I guess this is the new standard on Capitol Hill in the wake of January 6th. If you're a Democrat, it's fine. You can storm the building, you can blow past security, you can harass the officers. That's, that's all good. I mean, I was told that was really bad in insurrection, but I guess Maxine Waters can get away with it. So that's one thing because they're gonna cut federal jobs and that's what she's really upset about. But there is meanwhile some civil disobedience, I don't know what you wanna call it, in response to some of Trump's reforms and it's starting to crop up already. Yesterday we talked about how in New York state, the attorney general ordered hospitals not to comply with Trump's executive order, banning these trans procedures on minors.


He said, you cannot give the puberty blockers and the cross-sex hormones and you cannot do this surgeries. And she said, if you don't do all those things, NYU Langone, which stopped doing it in the wake of Trump's order, I'll sue you for a violation of our anti-discrimination anti and pro equal protection laws so far, they appear to be holding a line complying with the president. Now today you get, well, yesterday you had Trump's executive order on banning boys from girls sports. And California has come out today to say, we won't comply. We're not, we're not following that. We, we don't believe in it. We want the boys in the sports and we're gonna keep doing it. And then on top of all that, you have Tom Holman trying to go city to city, get out the worst of the worst immigrants, illegal immigrants for which there's overwhelming support by both parties to deport the criminal illegals, the ones who have committed additional crimes in addition to being here illegally.


And, and he's trying to get out Venezuelan gang members out of this Colorado town. And somebody leaked that he was about to be there with his deportation force. And they went apartment to apartment in this building and they were empty. And Tom Holman says, heads will roll. But clearly there is subterfuge afoot here, Victor, amongst many both in official positions and not to try to stop the people's mandate. Yeah, the problem with this is, say here in California we're no different. If you look at polls on, You know, trans women and female sports, it's about 70% against it. If you look at trans surgeries for minors, it's about 80% against it.


If you look at deportation of criminals, it's about 70% for it. So on almost every one of these issues, they're on the wrong side. And then when they, what they're really frustrated about Meghan is they don't have the White House. They don't have the house, they do not have the Senate, they do not have the Supreme Court. They do not have public support on any of these issues. They have no power of subpoena. They can no p no power to block confirmation. They're completely impotent. And that was their own doing. And they're very frustrated because they have given a sample paradigm blueprint through Joe Biden's executive orders and his pressing the limits of what a president can do.


And it, it came right into Trump's hands. And he said, You know, a bit Biden did all of this stuff. Then I guess he set a precedent and they, they've really shot themselves in the foot. And this is not gonna go well because we have federal laws, and this is confederate nullification. We have 600 sanctuary jurisdictions. And technically they're all, they're all breaking federal law and state, the constitution is very clear that state law does not surpass a federal law and they can't defy it. We, we settled that in the Civil War. And believe me, Megan, if you a county in Wyoming or Utah said, You know what, we are a sanctuary gun city and we're not gonna require any federal handgun registration.


And the Endangered Species Act does not apply here. They would go crazy. They would say, that's neo confederate. You're defying federal law. So all he and he, because he has this power and they have none, Trump can just say, pick which federal program you don't want, but you're breaking federal law. So I have no, I have no intention of extending federal money to you until you comply. And I think the courts will probably back him up on that. And well, the other Question is, in California, exactly what program, what college program are they funneling these trans students into? Because the NCAA came out after Trump's executive order saying, we will comply 100%. Boys are no longer welcome to play in girl sports under the moniker trance.


Sorry. But we're complying. And they seem to me relieved to finally have had somebody at the federal level give very clear guidance before it was okay, let each individual sport decide whether it's fair or not. And you could see that these athletic organizations like the NCAA were try tying themselves in knots, trying not to be the one to say, we want a blanket ban. I mean, within two seconds this guy said, yep, we'll do what Trump said. So think, think of it, you're out in California, you're on a girl's volleyball team, half the team is boys posing as girls and the college recruiters come, well guess what? Not a single one of those boys is gonna be able to play college volleyball for girls, not a single one.


So what does that mean? Are they more likely to go visit your team? I would venture to say, no, they're actually probably not that interested in you because they know you're mostly boys, not girls, and they're out recruiting for girls. And what happens to those trans kids, those so-called trans kids, nothing, they won't be playing college athletics if they don't do something to just activate a lane for trans people. That's what they should be working on a meaningful lane for trans people to play sports in their own lane. Or they can play as what they are biological boys. But in instead we have this defiance, which makes them feel good, Victor, but sets no one up for success. Yeah, I I, I mean here in California we've got about a hundred billion dollars bill minimum to get Los Angeles ready for the Olympics and they're gonna need a massive infusion of federal money.


And you can see Gavin Newsom, he bent the knee almost immediately when he saw Trump. They understand that Trump doesn't have to make a big deal of it. He just has to say, if I'm going to give you this federal money, I'm gonna send Rick Granell out and he's gonna watch over it. And he's got public support. There's such a backlash right now about the DEI and what happened in Los Angeles. I don't want to prejudge what happened at Reagan airport, but there's enough information to suggest that there was non meritocratic hiring and the FAA and they're, they're on the wrong side of every one of these issues. And now people are starting to get really angry about it. And I think what's also missed here is when Donald Trump came into office, they were very confident because they thought that they could infiltrate the administrative state as, remember Anonymous said he was going to stop Trump from the inside.


We had VIN men doing it. We had Rex Tillerson calling Trump stupid. We had Jim Mattis, we had all of these guys and they, and Trump got wise and he said, You know what, I'm not gonna have any of them. I'm gonna have people that are more MAGA than I am and I'm gonna turn 'em loose. Right? Right. And, and they can't handle that. They're looking for some interior person, maybe the Secretary of State, maybe the Secretary of Defense can sabotage it like we used to do, but there's no one there. And so they don't have any power now. And I've never seen such asymmetry. And they're just getting angrier. 'cause they're used to being coddled and they lo losing the media. Now they don't know what to do with your podcast, Joe Rogans.


They have no idea how to compete with that. They're losing lawsuits for the first time. Big lawsuits. And it's like the whole rev, that whole revolution is now meeting a counter revolution, cultural, social, economic, political, kind of like the reaction against the jacobins and robes beer and the French Revolution. All of a sudden people said, You know what, I'm not gonna change the date of the French Republic. I'm not gonna tear down statues. I'm not gonna behead anybody anymore. And the people who did it are gonna account for this. And the whole country rose up within a matter of weeks. And this is what it's kind of like. This was all a mystique a a bad dream. We'd been in a coma and now we're waking up. And people said, I can't believe we did that.


I, I can't believe we had these crazy pronouns on email. I can't believe we had this trans 0.001 of the population. We claim 20% of kids want to transition. This was a collective madness. And now we're waking up. And I think it, the only thing, I don't know, I don't know how far right where the counter revolution is gonna go, but people, it hasn't gone, it hasn't really fully expressed itself yet. I agree. Oh, I I love what you said. Yeah. It's like the fever broke. That's how it feels, You know? Yes, it does. We're all in this horrible sick period and, and now the fever broke and we're out and we can live normally. And, but there's hangers on, hangers on who enjoyed the fever.


You know, the ones who love misery, they're miserable and they want you to be too. And most of them are at M-S-N-B-C and CNN. And so there's, you can see them holding onto the last vestiges of woke. I'm like, no, I won't let it go. It made me feel superior and better than you. And I'm gonna give you a couple of examples of that just to prove my point. I'll start on CNN where a trans athlete activist named Chris Moser had the following to say, in so 13, There's no evidence that trans athletes have an advantage over anyone else in sports. Trans athletes play sports for the same reasons as anybody else, for our love of the game, to be a part of a team, to challenge ourselves and most of all for the youth level to have fun.


And every young person deserves that opportunity to be their authentic self and to play the sports that they love without compromising any part of who they are. Okay. So there's no evidence that trans And That's a pathological Yeah, that's a pathological lie. He knows well that a trans woman that was a biological male has not only hurt people, but wins records they otherwise would not in a male. And he knows that women who transit transition into men have no record of consistent success against biological males. They don't, they don't win anything. Yeah. So we're, we're, when we talk about trans sports abuses, we're always talking about biological males that say they're women and they're competing against women.


We're never talking about women who say, now they're males and I can beat regular, You know, males. It doesn't happen. Or if it does happen, it's almost so rare that nobody even knows about it. So when he says there's no difference, he knows if there, there's no difference, we would have this argument right now. Oh my God, we've got all of these transitioning males that have female bodies and they're just sweeping all of these swimming and track contests never happened. Look at, Look at Leah Thomas towering, towering over his competitor. I can't say, is that Riley? I can't even tell. That's yeah. That, that is Riley Gaines for with whom he tied for fifth place in that infamous race in which they let him hold the trophy. Not her.


But look at this guy. I mean, he's t look at this Victor. This is from the NCAA championships a couple years ago. He's towering over them. He was in the five hundreds in his ranking as a male the previous season. He crossed over to female, they let him play without doing anything. And he dominated. He won. He was in first place in many of these races, just not for nothing. But female athletes have lost nearly 900 medals to transgender rivals competing against them in women's sport according to the United Nations. The study called Violence Against Women and Girls in Sports stated that more than 600 female athletes have invested at various events by competitors born male, let's see, 600 in four in more than 400 competitions have lost more than 890 medals in 29 different sports.


And yet, CNN wants to let this person get on there and say, there's no evidence that trans athletes have an advantage over any, I mean, our eyes belie the claim. So why would CNN do that, Victor? Why are, why are they doing that? Right? They, they can't let go. Well, They can't let go. And they know it. They're like addicts. They know that the fix that they're getting is destroying them, is killing them. And they know every time they put that person like that on, they lose market share, they lose money. They've settled these defamation suits. They, but they, they have people still working for them that think I'm gonna put these people on, makes me feel good. I get high on it and I know it's gonna end nowhere but to bankruptcy and destroy it.


But I can't stop. And that's what M-S-N-B-C and CNN Los Angeles Times, they're all the same and they can't stop. And it's, You know, There, there's, there's another example I wanna show you. Okay. While we're on the subject of C Nnn, I could be doing this all day on MSN BBC too, but CNN at least is trying to claim that they're more fair and balanced, which is not true. Yeah. They're really not letting go of the race thing. So they've got this show on hosted by Abby Philip, who is as woke as they come on every issue. She thinks she's downtrodden poor her because she's a black woman and therefore we're supposed to be, be feeling sorry for her. She made that very clear in a segment the other night. But she makes it clear in pretty much all of her segments.


So this is a segment in which she had on two black women as guests. She is a black woman and two white men as well, along with one white woman. And the two white men are names that our guests, our our audience probably know Scott Jennings, who's the only fair guy over there on CNN and a Republican and our pal Arthur Aala, who's a lawyer. I mean, he doesn't often do political commentary, but he is doing some over on, on CNN. He got completely ambushed as these, I mean, honestly, all these women are extremely successful. You would've thought that that they, it was 1949 America, the way this thing went down. Watch this. We live in different realities.


That's right. I live in a reality where I know I do not have the same opportunity as you. I know. I don't. And You know that too. And I know what Scott I got. And You Know that, lemme lemme, lemme just tell you about me. I'm, I'm not, I got a law degree of master's and two bachelor's, probably more education than all y'all added up together at this table signed by me. And I have always been the least paid person on payroll at every institution I have worked in. And it's not because even In the White House. Even in the White House, Well, whose fault is that? I don't think he worked for George w or Trump, Obama. Well, guess what Obama Happened when I was there. DEI, Scott. But I think you made it. And you are the most respected voice often at every room or every table you're in.


Not because of any, anything other than your talent and your work ethic. I have faced this. I just said I was the least paid person, even in this moment, sometimes to my counterparts. I do believe I'm qualified. I know I'm qualified. You're, you won't ever tell me I'm not qualified. But the system that I live in doesn't matter about my qualifications. I'm jaded. I am the attorney general as a black woman. The mayor's a black man. The head of the Senate is a black, okay? New York is a small representation. We're small, Is Not that Small. But the numbers also show black women are one of the most educated demographics in this country and one of the least paid. Why would that make any sense? Why would that make any sense?


It's incredibly frustrating to watch that kind of thing. Victor. I mean, I guarantee Abby Philip was out there just as bad as the other two. I guarantee you she's making over a million dollars. And yet she's still like Michelle Obama wants us to think this is a racist, sexist country that won't reward her adequately for her talents. And then you got this other girl over there, her name is Carrie Champion. No, sorry, I was Ashley, Allison, Abby, Philip, and Carrie Champion. All three of them were giving them the hard the business. And she's going, I, I don't have the same opportunity. I've been the least paid in all my jobs. How do You know that's due to your color and your gender?


Right? Maybe you were the youngest, maybe you had the least experience. Maybe you didn't and you actually just weren't that talented. I've seen you on tv, you're fine. You're, you're not a star. You're never gonna get your own show. There's a reason they haven't offered it to you yet. And it's not because you're a black woman 'cause you're on the show of a black woman. Clearly, CNN doesn't have a problem with that. Maybe you're just not that talented. Maybe you're not quite as good on television or in the White House for Obama, who I don't think is a bias against black women as you think you are. But this is their chance to get out there, even though the nation has just issued a referendum on the nonsense around this kind of thinking to say, you're all wrong. We're victims. Yeah. Well, on all these things, again, I go back to reality, not what they say, but what they do.


I've been in academia 50 years, I probably chaired 20 maybe, oh, maybe 40 search committees. And not one case did I ever have a problem with getting a qualified black Hispanic and mostly female into graduate school law school or medical school schools, undergrad. If I had a white male, I figured that he had to have 40 to a hundred points at least higher in the sat perfect. And I still couldn't get them in. And I must have had a hundred calls in my life when I would complain from these Ivy League schools that say, we do not want any more white males. That's just a fact. And when you apply for college, Megan, there is no instance of any African American or Hispanic who is applying for college who says, no, no, I'm, I'm going to lie and say I'm white so I can get advantage.


There is a whole pathology of people who are white claiming like Elizabeth Warren that their one 16th, one 10th Native American Hispanic, that was my biggest problem. I get calls and the people say, Victor, this person says he's one eighth black, he's won 15th Cherokee. Can you verify that? And so why would people, why would people do that if what she said is true? And the fact is, for the last 40 years, being a person of color is an advantage. And what's getting people very angry is that when Barack Obama came in, he got rid of the old binary affirmative action, black 12% white, 88% special consideration because of slavery.


Jim Crow income disparity. He said, no, no, no, no. It's now going to be diversity and we're gonna define that as anybody who's not white. And all of a sudden, people from India, from China and, and it was like, you're all of a sudden you see somebody coming from the Punjab who makes $150,000, he's a minority, or she's this. And then the white working class finally rebelled against it. They said, You know what? This has nothing to do with oppression. There's no history of racism or culpability in many of these groups. They have a higher per capita income than whites do 16 different ethnic groups do. And yet they're getting this diversity, equity, inclusion.


And that's what broke the back of it. It was, it was completely absurd. People were willing to say, because of the historic racism toward blacks, they were willing to support affirmative action for a while. But after 50 years, they said at some point, when do we stop violating the constitution by having racial preferences? But they never supported diversity, equity, inclusion because it was a complete fraud. And the other thing about it is, the old Rainbow Coalition of Jesse Jackson intersectionality, we're going to make this great non-white complex of Hispanics, native Americans, blacks, trans, there was no evidence ever that any of these groups had more affinity with each other than they did for W whites.


Many of them just identified as people. And he, those she should ask herself, why 48% of the Hispanic vote went for Trump? And here, You know, and Hispanic males were 54% so-called people of color intersectionality. What happened? They voted against a black woman and they are people of color. She should ask why that is. And the the answer was, they said, we're no longer going to identify as essentially a particular race. It's gonna be incidental. We're more worried about human concerns like inflation or energy prices or crime. And that's what frightens them because they can't get off that fixation.


And she knows the more she talks like she did on the air, the more she turns off. Not white males alone, but Hispanic, everybody. And she can't stop. She's so used to being given deference. She cannot stop. Same thing with the view. If you just change it around, like you said, you flipped it over and a white person was talking at about blacks and collective stereotypes, you'd have an, I don't know, they'd be, they'd be off the air in a nanosecond. Oh Yeah. Oh, look what happened. So this Jasmine Crockett, she's a representative out of the state of Texas. She went on TV the other night, this is CNN too. And she was responding to the fact that the Trump administration hired in some lower level capacity.


A guy who had sent out some racially charged tweets about how if you really want things done, you should hire white men. They, they were not good tweets. So okay, fine, she can criticize this guy, but listen to the language in which he does it. And you ask me whether anybody could get away with doing this it exchange the races. A white person talking this way about black commentators, here it is. No, it doesn't change my opinion because we saw what he literally recently just posted. And the coddling is for the white boys. That's what's happening right now. I am tired of the white tears. Listen, if you are competent, you are not concerned When I walk into Congress every single day, You know why I don't feel a way and why you can't make me doubt who I am is because I know that I had to work 10 times as hard as they did just to get into the seat.


When you look and you compare me to Marjorie Taylor Green or me to Lauren Bobert, there is no comparison. And that is the life that we have always lived. So the only people that are crying are the mediocre white boys that have been beaten out by people that historically have had to work so, so much harder. If they don't want anymore Kamala Harris's, they don't want any more Jasmine Crockett, but I got news for them. I don't care what they do, we will fight to the end to make sure that we get our due. Because again, if you wanna talk about the people that shouldn't be in this country, you probably need to look in the mirror. Because the last time I checked the Native Americans who summer ice have been rounding up, or the Puerto Ricans who are absolutely Americans, listen, the only people that came and colonized this place are your ancestors Trump.


Okay, just to, just to reiterate. So picture this picture, a white person sitting there saying, coddling is for the black boys. I'm sick and tired of the black tears. I had to work 10 times harder than any of the black people. I'm sick of these mediocre black boys. It's obviously offensive, it's racist, it's incredibly racially charged. She's so deeply offensive. Total pass. You can talk like that no problem on CNN because you're ripping on whites and white men in particular. And because they teed it up with one guy's racist tweet. So you can just go off and be as equally or more racist as you want.


Why? But the, the thing she doesn't understand is if you look at Asians, they went from about 30% for Trump in 2020 to almost 45% Hispanic. As I said, they were 48%, they went up 15 points. Hispanic males went up 20 points according to her idea of intersectionality. Why would a person that she would consider, and she mentioned Native American, but Native American vote went for Trump. That was really shocking. But why would all of these groups that are so-called non-white vote for a white male other than, Well, You know what they say, A black woman, You know what they say? I know they say false. They say that the Hispanic Hispanics are white adjacent or those are black people who want to be white adjacent and sort of be near the surface of, Of, well, I live, I I live here in the San Joaquin Valley, and this is not the first diaspora from northern Mexico where people came in the 1950s and sixties who were, they were indistinguishable from Italian.


Say these, these are people coming up that are indigenous and they're from Oaxaca, chias, micho Khan. And they are distinctly identifiable as indigenous people. And that is the new influx of the last 30 years. That is the demographic, not the so-called Northern Mexicans of 50 years ago who were more, more or less the, the bulwark of the Democratic Party. The people who were voting Republican are first generation Mexican American males from the deepest part of Mexico, the most impoverished some people, Spanish is their second language. They speak an indi indigenous mixo tech.


Why would they vote for Donald Trump over a black woman? Nobody forced him to do that. It's not Marxist false consciousness or what's, what's wrong with Kansas and all that crap. The intellectuals try to say they do it because they're sick and tired of someone talking nonstop like Representative Crockett about race. And they think that people who deliver the goods, cheaper gas, cheaper energy, more jobs, safer streaks, they want to live in a world like that. That's why they left Mexico, not to recreate Mexico. And so she, she's, she has no support. And I think the longer that she talks like that, and the longer the people in the view do, and the longer representative Warren or I mean Senator Warren or Hirono Screaming Yell or Cory Booker keeps yelling and screaming, it's going to, it's going to drive down the Democratic party into nothing.


Yeah, they should go back, Megan, and look at the 92 and 96 Democratic convention statements. They were written by Doug Schoen and Mark Ben. I could not believe them. I went back and looked at and after being in the wilderness for 12 years with Reagan and Bush won, even with Ross Perot, they won the election. And you look at it, it says, we, the Democratic Party are for tough crime, no exemptions given to youth. We wanna balance the budget. We want to close the border. Legal only immigration. That's what they talked about. And they won. Wow. And they've never, and then, and Obama mouthed that for one four years and then he went full Jacobin just like these people.


And they're not gonna win. And she's the militant black or any militant that, that puts race as the essential characteristic of somebody in a multiracial society, a postmodern race. They're not gonna win. People are sick of it. Look at the military. They, they have, they're, they're having record. They're getting almost 10,000 recruits in December and January. They're gonna meet their goal for the first time. The pentagon's not gonna have to lie for the last three years or short 40 50. And they say, well, kind of sorta, we really didn't have that goal. So they lower the goal, we met it, but now there's people rejoining because they think it's going to be less race obsessed and less DEI and more meritocratic.


It's a really, it's kind of a renaissance and she's on the losing end and I expect them to get small, that group cadre to get smaller and smaller and louder and louder and meaner and more, more racist. And I think because they're losing and they're gonna be completely impotent if they continue. The, the numbers with the, with the military are amazing. Pete Hegseth tweeted this out the other day in December, the US Army had its best recruiting number in 12 years, obviously this is post Trump's election in January, 2025. The Army hit its best recruiting number in 15 years. Bottom line, America's youth want to serve under the bold and strong America first leadership of real at, at real Donald Trump, of Donald Trump and Pete hea too, who getting, who's getting all the wokeness outta the military.


I just wanted to make a couple points on this. So the, in that debate, the annoying debate with the three women against Arthur and Scott Jennings, one of them, You know, she's asking for like, well, You know, where are all the black women? And, and Arthur, who's a lawyer, says, look at the Supreme Court. And on the Supreme Court we have a black woman, Keji Brown Jackson, and we have a black man, Clarence Thomas. And we have four women, by the way. We have four women on there, three Libs, and Amy Coney Barrett. And so he says, look at the Supreme Court. And they say, but how many? And he says, well, I mean there's two black people on the Supreme Court, two out of nine, which is greater than the population level.


And they say, but how many? And he says, well, there's a, there's a one black woman and there's a black man too. And he said, well, look at the population percentage, right? Black women are 6% of the population, but I don't know what's, what's one out of nine? It's le it's more than 10%. And so he says, You know, look at the po. And they say, oh, then don't they say, don't, don't go to numbers. Why stop doing numbers? Meanwhile, they, they brought up numbers. They say, how many are on there? He's like, well look, what's the population number? They said, well, don't bring up numbers. So like they don't wanna go there, right? It's like, wait, you're so oppressed. Black women can't get anywhere in America. Un You know, just because they're black and they're women.


No. Did anybody mention Kamala Harris? Like the Democrats just had a black female presidential nominee, they had a black president, but that's none of, they had a black female vice president in the last term. Like none of that counts. You see, the numbers are never good enough. Even when they're greater than the population share, there's always something we can say. If it's not parody, if it's not 50 50, even though that's not what the population is, there's something wrong with America. There. There is, I mean, does anybody wanna say, let's not make, let's get rid of merit and we're going to have 15% of the Super Bowl teams are gonna be Asian and we're gonna insist on 20% or Hispanic and they have to have 68% white and the NFL maybe women, the NBA Yeah.


And women, NFL and the NBA range from 65 to 70% African American. Same thing with the Federal Works. Postal Service is about 28% black. And so whenever you get to those numbers, and here I, where I work at Stanford University for the last four years, they let in 9% white males, white males constitute about 33% of the population. And they waive the SAT. And all of a sudden now, Megan, they say, oh wait a minute, we're gonna go back and have an SAT from now on. Oh, wait a minute. We're gonna start comparatively ranking your GPA on the quality of your high school again. Oh, wait a minute.


There's no more Hamas camps out screaming and yelling. Oh wait, they're not breaking into the presidents. And You know why? Because Donald Trump, like some fearful Colossus is telling them, and they get the message. We may in tax your endowment, you may have to pay on your endowment another billion and a half dollars. Oh, by the way, if these people commit a felony on your campus, whether you suspend 'em or not, we might yank their green card and it's had a catastrophic effect on the left. They, it's so weird. It's almost as if they said, well, for all, just forget all the stuff I said. Just forget about all the windows. Just Judge Duncan, I ran out of the law school and humiliated him. I'm not gonna do that anymore because I am a careerist and I don't want a felony on my record.


And the one thing I do not want to do is go back to Gaza, Syria, Iran, Iraq, whatever. And the same thing with the people that shut down the 1 0 1. They, all these people were waving the flag of the country under no circumstances for those on document they ever wanted to go back to. And they were burning in the middle of 1 0 1. The flag of the country. They're insisting on staying. That is so incoherent. It makes no sense. Blocking commuters of the middle class trying to get to work. That type of performance art, it doesn't work. It just turns people off. I I, I work with all liberal people at the, at Stanford University.


I cannot tell you that people will come up and they'll whisper to you and they'll say, oh, I what do you think about this DEI thing? I said, what do you think? I think it's time, it's time to go. I, I think it's time to go. I think we need the SAT again. I think we don't need the di i czars, You know, looking at the percentage of race and grades on my, on my grade cards and, and going over my syllabus and telling me I can't teach. So everybody is sick of it. Even the people on the left. And it's like Donald Trump. I don't know what it, it's kinda like that scene in the Wizard of Oz when they pull back that curtain. Toto does. And you see this little man with these gears and everybody thought he had this big scary face.


The Wizard of Oz was so scary and he was just this little nothing. And I think that's what it happened with the DEI and the woke and the Green New Deal. We were all bullied and they say, you can't say this. Don't do that. They'll ruin, they'll de platform you. They'll shadow ban you. They'll cancel culture. You. And then all of a sudden enough people said, go ahead, I don't care. And then it just shattered. It was all smoke and mirrors. And now, because it wasn't based on reality and now on energy and everything. Well, and it's based on something so anti-American like, so it was and so unfair in the case of the sports. One other point on that, Megan Rapino famous women's soccer star, again, she's just like Abby Philip in those panelists.


She's just like Jasmine Crockett. Only in her case it's even worse because what she's looking to do is pull up the ladder after her. Like she, she got through women's soccer having to only compete against women. And she became a star and a multimillionaire, multimillionaire off of Americans and their love to watch her play. And now she wants my little girl to compete against boys who my, my girl is a soccer player. My girl is very talented and she wants my girl to, to play against full, fully intact biological males who have gone through male puberty. Here she is with her, is this her wife, Sue Bird, the basketball player who we yeah.


Talking on their podcast about this push to protect girls in sport. Just the, the other day. I think the main question out of this that I have is like, how prevalent is the issue of trans athletes? Yes. This whole thing has really just been this effort to, You know, for politicians mostly, but for people to scare people, for people to tap into the unknown. And they're using this guise of protecting women and girls in sports and really just, it's like fear mongering. It's just like, You know, all of the instances that we hear about, it's like one or two kids or one kid or You know, there's less than 10 athletes. As Charlie Baker was saying, out of 510,000, You know, they're taking over women's sports and we have to protect women from women's sports.


I mean I've always just thought that that was very laughable to hear. It's amazing Now says that's over, it's exaggerated. And, and when all the scientific, all the scientific studies showed, it was 0.001 and then all the campuses were saying they're lying. It's actually 20% of all youth want to transition. They can't figure out whatever argument is convenient for the moment, but they know what they're doing and they have no public again, What she knows for sure is that she's, any girl who has to compete against a biological boy is in danger. She just doesn't care. It's more important to her to seem like a good person than it is to her.


What happens to my kid or somebody else's kid listening to this show and all of us have risen up and elected Donald Trump who has told her she can pound sand. We care more about these girls' safety than we do about Megan Rapinoe and Sue Bird, her fiance feeling good about themselves as virtuous people. Those days are passed. We know they're not. Alright. VDH stays with us. Don't go away. This show is dedicated to uncovering the truth in a media landscape often dominated by left-leaning narratives, especially when it comes to President Trump. It's safe to say you can expect more agenda-driven stories and factual distortions all over the rest of the news.


But I do wanna tell you about Ground News. Unlike other platforms that sensor or amplify certain narratives, Ground News is not a news publisher. They're an independent app and website that aggregates every source on a story. So you can compare coverage and see through mainstream media. Spin Ground News has an entire blind spot feed with stories that are receiving lopsided coverage. It truly reveals how media narratives are shaping the conversation. My viewers are gonna get 40% off their vantage plan, which gives you unlimited access to their website and their app. They are independent, they are supported by a subscribers, not corporate interests. You can check 'em out at Ground News dot com slash megan. That's ground G-R-O-U-D news.com/megan to take back control of the news you consume.


So Victor, this week we finally saw the transcript from CCBs News of that infamous Kamala Harris sit down right before the election. They were forced to turn it over to the FCC after a complaint was filed by Team Trump about possible deception in, in advertising and in dealing with the public. And what we saw was that terrible answer that she gave to Netanyahu's not listening, which had one answer on 60 minutes and a different answer in the teaser clip that aired on Face. The nation got no better behind the scenes. It was really just those two answers melded together.


That's all that was there. But what was more interesting was some of the stuff they omitted, they cut from the interview and nobody's obligated to air the whole interview. It doesn't always happen that you air the whole 60 never airs the whole interview. But it was very interesting what they chose to cut out, including inanity like this. We are people who have ambition and aspirations and dreams. Oh God, and optimism and hope. If you look at the character of who we are and how we have achieved the strength that we have achieved. I believe in large part it is because of our character and our belief in the promise of America.


And I'm running for President because I want to do everything that is possible to create an opportunity for people to achieve those goals, those ambitions and those dreams. Oh my God. Now there is reporting today that CBS staffers are reportedly becoming increasingly upset about the drama unfolding over at 60 Minutes. That puck news reporting about the mixed emotions from staffers following comments made by 60 Minutes. Executive producer Bill Owens who told his colleagues at Monday's meeting that the editing was quote perfectly fine is the edit fine. Once CBS News Insider asked rhetorically, it's obviously an unforced error and now they are upset at the possibility of CBS news settling the $10 billion lawsuit that Trump filed against them down in Texas alleging fraud in in their editing.


And this is something that we expect they are going to settle because they're parent company Paramount is trying to get a merger approved by the Trump administration. And CBS news is, You know, the v journalists there don't wanna pay him one dime and e even internally though are questioning whether they did the right thing in that ridiculous interview. They aired. Yeah, I think Corinne, John Pierre would call that a cheap fake when the edit the edited version because it, they don't even make an argument anymore. They used to say that she was Socrates or Cicero or something, but You know, James Carville the other day said, we lost 'cause we had the seventh string at Yeah, at as our, as our candidate.


And then when she gave a talk, I don't know if you saw that clip about the LA fires, it was even worse. So I guess when she talks like this, even her own supporters will say they cringe and they'll say, we've gotta edit this or we've gotta keep her o off this stage. And the question is, how did she ever get where she was getting back to Representative Crocker's, You know, I mean, she's, she, she had everything entitled from her from the very beginning. And from the very beginning, she had one card. And you saw that in the debate in 2020 with Joe Biden, when she called him a racist. You, I was a little girl and you were a racist. That stopped me from, You know, going, you, I had to take a, but all that stuff. And, and I won't even get into Willie Brown, but she was a mediocrity.


I don't mean that in a mean way. She just was, and she was way over her head. She knew she was over her head. They knew she was over their head. And now the other day, Nancy Pelosi basically said, we decapitated our candidate. And Joe Biden and his in Feebleness was a better candidate than Kamala Harris. And so they, they know what they did. And that, that was the worst campaign, I think, in my lifetime. It really was. It was the most, and they had everything going. They had the money, they had the media on their side. They had hundred percent. They had, they, they had the administrative state on their side and they still lost. And she was pretty, but there's still Victor. Did you see Jonathan Capehart of M-S-N-B-C sitting there?


Yes, I did. All of the people running for DNC chair, and he's like, raise your hand if you think she lost because of racism and sexism. Every single person raised their hand. And he said, that's the correct answer. She lost because of racism and sexism, even though she had the likes of 60 minutes running cover for her. And let me just show you something and I'll give you the floor back to your point about how she's not beloved. She doesn't inspire anyone. This was an AstroTurf campaign. She, she and Doug Emh, her husband swung by the La Lakers game. That's where she lives. California, where she's from. They swung by the game this week. And look at the, the welcome.


Literally no one is even noticing them. Whatever cheers you hear for what's happening around them, there are no cheers. Yeah. They, no one cares. Yeah. No one cares. And when, when he, when they all said on that stage that it was racism and misogyny, that, that got Trump elected because he was running against a black woman. Why was she polling better than Joe Biden, who was a white male? Do they really believe that if they had, like Nancy Pelosi does, if they had put a white male against Donald Trump, he would've, he would've won. He wouldn't have won either. The problem wasn't the sex or the gender. It was the message. And the message repelled.


People didn't just not energize 'em. They were sick of it. They were sick of the open border. They were sick of the 500,000 criminal illegal aliens. They were sick of the trans thing. They were sick of DEI and they, it wouldn't, they could have had second coming, You know, they could had a deity run and they wouldn't have won with that message. And they keep thinking, oh, it's a messenger, or it's this, or it's that is, no, it's you. It's what you stand for. And you hijacked the Democratic party and ruined it. And you gave us a neo socialist revolutionary party. And no one wants it. Nobody wants anything to do with it. And, and they can't accept that. And people who are not afflicted with Trump derangement syndrome see all of this clearly, You know, it's like, it really is like a disease.


You know, it's like syphilis where it just infects your brain. You can't think straight anymore. And you can tell when somebody has it. It's obvious. And that leads me to my next subject, which is the treatment of Melania Trump versus Bianca Sensori. Okay, bear with me, I'm gonna tie it together. So Melania Trump puts out her new First Lady portrait, and she looks like a million bucks. She's wearing a tuxedo jacket and she's got her hands on a, like a shiny desk. She, it's a power shot and it's in black and white. And she looks absolutely stunning as she always does. But I, I love it. She's, she just looks like a boss, frankly.


Okay, so here's Vogue reacting to it. Lonni Trump looked more like she was guest starring on an episode of The Apprentice than assuming the role of First Lady Trump's clothing certainly didn't help the boardroom pastiche the choice to wear a tuxedo as opposed to a blazer or blouse made Trump look more like a freelance magician than a public servant. It's perhaps unsurprising that a woman who lived in a golden crested penthouse, whose fame is so intertwined with a reality television empire, would refuse to abandon theatrics even when faced with 248 years of tradition. And then they talk about how she sort of tried the first time around in 2017 with her first portrait, which was in color with her face airbrushed into oblivion, something they would never say about Jill Biden.


And now they write, they conclude with now attempting a no nonsense businesswoman approach in her situationally inappropriate tuxedo. It seems that Melania Trump still struggles with sartorial messaging. Now, the woman who wrote this, I mean, she must be a style icon, right? It's gotta be somebody who's like been on the cover of Vogue herself, who's in charge of their product line. No, It's a 26-year-old named Hannah Jackson, who's a fashion writer for Vogue, who lives in Brooklyn, New York, who writes, here she is. Look at this. This is the woman who thinks she's in the position to judge Melania. She says she, when she was offered her job as a fashion writer at Vogue a year and a half ago, she was a part-time dance teacher who had just emptied her savings to move across the country.


This woman's done nothing. Do you hate Melania? You are hired, you are the one for us. Okay, I'm almost done Now, contrast that it's not the same writer, but the same magazine to what they wrote about Bianca Sensori, the literally naked wife of Kanye West, yay West at the Grammys. She literally wore nothing. And they were there for it. This writer's named Raven Smith. And she writes all about how somehow this was empowering. She describes it as a slip so sheer so without undergarments that it exposed her uncensored nudity beneath.


So a slip. Okay? She writes about how, look, fashion for me has always celebrated a body's sensuality rather than the unimaginative base level provocation of a woman's nakedness. But she goes on to say, while I'm not necessarily advocating for snatch on the red carpet, it could also be argued that it's bianca's body and therefore bianca's choice. I hate to state the obvious, but a woman can wear whatever she wants. A woman can wear as many sheer bodysuits and thongs as she likes. A woman can court the male gaze. A woman can make a zillion choices. We wouldn't personally make ourselves and still not have. That means she's being coerced or a victim or that something predatory has happened.


And then she writes that because bianca's not speaking up because we're bereft of any deeper motivations. The silence has a scrambling for answers of our own. But maybe that's exactly what Bianca wanted. You see that, that was empowering. But Melania Trump is a pathetic magician who is performing theatrics and is situationally inappropriate. But Bianca is totally appropriate and a badass girl boss, You know that I think everybody understands that Melania is the most photogenic fashion conscious, but also in a very positive way.


Since Jackie Kennedy, we've never seen any, the last time we had a fair, or not the last time we had anybody that glamorous, attractive knowing about fashion, good taste was Jackie Kennedy and every, and they went crazy over Jackie Kennedy. I I can remember as I was a kid, every magazine had Jackie Kennedy, Jackie did this, Jackie wore this. And she actually dressed a lot like Melania. And then when they talk about the body, it was just five years ago, Megan, we heard about objectifying women during the Me Too thing, that you don't objectify a woman by just gazing at her body or you, you, you don't do that, you male predators. And so the problem with all of this is that that writer can't decide whether feminism is a Victorian prudey.


That you look at a woman or you touch your shoulder and that is a, You know, mortal sin and you're gonna destroy your career or you can get naked and you can be more provocatively sexually than any time the history of America, the way young girls dressed today. You know that better than I do. Everybody knows that they're the most provocative dress. They're being encouraged to dress like that. At the same time, the feminist movement was saying to men, if you dare look at that, and they want you to, and this writer is saying that the now she wants the male gaze, but if she actually got the male gaze, then that person could be, he would be canceled. Like me too. It's Okay for the woman to want it, but it's not okay for the men to do it.


Yes. And that's what, that's what destroyed me too. And that's what's destroying the whole, all these internal contradictions. 'cause they're, they're all contrary to human nature. We have rules and laws against people walking around naked for a very good reason. Because we don't want people to provoke people sexually. And we don't want to see people's private parts in public. No one wants to see that. And that's why for centuries there's been laws against nudity and all the, as revolutionaries, they think they can break these ancient customs and traditions that were never based, they think on anything other than oppression when they were all based on human nature.


And we inherited all of this, this tradition. And it, it's served us very well. And You know, the final thing I I say about, You know, when getting back to Elon Musk, I have never thought I was thinking that when you, we were talking about the hatred of Elon Musk, we have never seen anybody, whether you like him or not, we have never seen anybody like him in our lifetime that broke into the big three auto industry. I, no one has ever, they've tried to do that Studebaker American motor. Nobody could do it. He did it. Nobody has supplanted NASA like he did. He's a one man. Nasa, he saved nasa, he's probably gonna save these poor astronauts that were abandoned by the Biden Space program.


And then he just revolutionized social media. Had he not bought, bought XI don't think Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, all those tech giants would've defected to Trump. They would've censored the news. They would've had the FBI. He is, he is, he is a Michelangelo, he's really a Renaissance person. And for them to, I say that because a OC said, I think yesterday that of all the billionaires she met, he was the dumbest, or he was very unintelligent. Yeah. Yes she Did. And I think all the dumb things she said, yeah, absolutely. So Yeah, no, it's shocking. I mean her, her cluelessness and I mean the, the emptiness of her insults, okay, while we're on the subject of salaciousness, I am happy to tell you it's back in Super Bowl ads.


And I think America is just fine with that. Now, I do think it's interesting, you get a preview, You know, the big game is this Sunday it's gonna be chiefs versus eagles. And these things can be a bit of a cultural touchstone, right? Like just where are we as a nation? They are removing from the end zone, the end racism signs. That's big, right? Because we've been subjected to those lectures from the NFL for four going on five years now. They are not eliminating the so-called Black national anthem. We're gonna have that thing, which is divisive in this context. Yes it is. But there's, they're doing it.


We are going to get a halftime interview of President Trump, unlike Joe Biden, who wouldn't sit for one because he couldn't, Trump has weighed in on the Super Bowl where he will be attending. And lemme see if I can find what he said. He posted two great quarterbacks in this game, also an unbelievable running back and the absolute best tight end in football. Now we think that's a reference to Sequan Barkley on the Eagles and Travis Kelsey on the Chiefs incredible coaching. If they would only get rid of that really weird looking new kickoff deal, which actually makes football more dangerous. There's some new kickoff at the NFL they would be doing everybody, especially the, the fans a big favor. Anyway, it will be a great game.


I'll be doing the interview before the game at 3:00 PM There hasn't been one in four years. Gee, I wonder why. Okay, so that's Trump. And then you tell me, You know, like all over Twitter, the, the past two weeks, anything that happens, you see like a Trump thing or Trump dance or You know, girls celebrating Trump and you see the line. We are so back. We are so back. That's kind of how I feel looking at this Carl Carl's Jr. Ad we are so back, it's featuring an influencer by the name of Alex Earl. Watch. Let's be real, everyone's gonna be a hot mess after the big game. Been there, done that.


And I've got just what you need to cure that post party bug. The Carl's Jr. Hangover Burger Egg double bacon. Yeah, you need that double bacon tarboro beef, hash arounds cheese and sauce, just the way I like it. And guess what? It's free the day after the big game. You just have to download the Carl's Jr app and sign up for my rewards. So get your free hangover burger on Monday, February 10th. He'll definitely need one. Okay, now Victor, Alex is very attractive woman in a bikini with an enormous burger.


And there are guys drooling over her. It's been eight years since Carl's Jr. You know, She had a did she had a ga gas guzzling sports car, not an ev. Yeah. So, and You know, it kind of reminds me of during the Reagan years, you remember the 1984, you're too young maybe, but they had that great scene where the woman runs in with the ball and she throws it into the screen. It's orwell's screen. And that's supposed to be a competition for Apple. Apple was coming in, nobody, everybody said IBM or Microsoft would crush Apple. And this woman runs into this Orwellian, a crowd that's mesmerized by these dictator these, and she just throws a ball into the screen.


It shatters it was very famous. And it was the, i, it was kind of an epitome of the age that Reagan was kind of, that whole period of 84 to 85, 86. It was like, we don't have to do any of that stuff anymore. And that was a very liberating period when he came in. He just, and he hasn't done, with all due respect to his memory and legacy, which was wonderful. He hasn't done, he, I don't think he's, he did as much in eight years as Donald Trump has done in four years and one month. I really don't. Right. Especially the last one month. The last, it's not even a month. I know. It's just, it's not even a month yet. It seems like a year. It does. And he's not done yet.


He, he is indestructible and, and everybody, You know, like, did, You know, Think there's something to it. Like I feel like there is something significant to the fact that the, the obvious nature of men and women is back on screen and being celebrated that women love to be sexy, we're appropriate. And in a Carl's Jr. Ad it's totally appropriate and men love to fawn over them. And that's a dynamic that actually leads to the continuation of humankind. And it's fine. But we went through this crazy period, it's no accident that it's been eight years, right? Eight years ago we were at the height of the Me Too era. Now it's like, You know what? It's fine to show off the female form and have guys drooling over her instead of the stupid Gillette ad, which was like some self-flagellating guy trying to show us what a feminist he was.


Right? Like, think something's changing. We're, we are so back baby. And you can see it with comedians now. Comedians are dropping all of the self-censorship. They're talking about everything. Chris Rock. It's back to where it was. It's, or it's almost there. And I think it's gonna be good. You know, I think it's gonna be one of the most wonderful things for so-called minorities where I work. I think maybe the four most accomplished people that where I work were Shelby Steele, Tom. So Condoleezza Rice and wow, ki Chiron Skinner, and they're all African American, but race was always incidental. It was never essential to them. And they competed and they all grew up in a period of, not Chiron, but the other three grew up in a period of Jim Crow.


And yet they were spectacular scholars. And they never, and I, I think now that that's the model. And I, I think if African American people will, they'll realize that this DEI was a hindrance because it unduly stigmatized everybody and many cases unfairly. Because as I said, if you, I went to lunch twice a month for 15 years with Tom. So the two of us, and Oh, you're so lucky. Was Like, yeah, it was talking, it was like Tom was like a genius. And Shelby was the same way. And I talked Carol too was Carol, she's Actually coming out next Week. Yeah. Con Rice.


Yeah. I mean they're all, all, I mean, African American people have excelled in so many fields and they don't need DEI and the people who are the mediocrities of all races, I think. And a lot of the DEI is pro promulgated by white virtual signaling performance art, guilty whites that feel that that's going to make them somehow feel good about themselves in lieu of actual accomplishment. And it's ridiculous. When I'm in academia and I unfortunately I'm still in it. I, most of the people who are DDEI who are white or mediocre, and that they just want to hammer that hammer that look at me, look at me.


And you wanna say, well what, what are you publishing? What are you writing? What are you teaching? And, and they're all not preeminent. And so it, we've gotta get rid of this commissar system because if we don't, and I think we've almost got rid of it, what we see in the FAA or the Los Angeles Fire Department, it's gonna be endemic and all of our institutions are not gonna work anymore. And we're gonna be like the former Soviet Union or third world country. But I think we've been saved in the nick of time. If Tom had not been elected, I, I just shudder to see what would've happened the next four years. No, totally there. The, the, the, the back and forth between Hillary Clinton and Sean Duffy.


I don't know if you saw it. Is it, it's the greatest thing. I I'm, I'm going off of the Super Bowl for one second 'cause this is just too good. Okay, where is that post? I've gotta find the Hillary Clinton The original in the original packet. Hold on. Yeah, I Oh, it's the Solana packet. Okay. Sorry. That's Mike. He's coming up next. Alright, so here is the Hillary. She tried to troll Sean D. Duffy, the transportation secretary. And Duffy tweeted out the following on X big news. Talk to the Doge team. They're going to plug in to help upgrade our aviation system. Hillary Clinton decides to weigh in. They have no relevant experience. Most of them aren't old enough to rent a car and you're going to let them mess with airline safety.


That's already deteriorated on your watch. Duffy Madame Secretary. With all due respect, experienced Washington bureaucrats are the reason our nation's infrastructure is crumbling. You need to sit this one out. Hillary. US Airlines had gone 16 years without fatal crashes. Then MAGA fired the FAA chief gutted the Aviation Security Advisory Committee and threatened air traffic controllers with layoffs. Now there have been two fatal crashes. Hope your unvetted 22 year olds fix things fast. I thought he was just gonna walk away 'cause she was being so obstinate. No he didn't. He came back at her Duffy. I know you're lashing out because Doge is uncovering your family's obscene grifting via U-S-A-I-D, but I won't let you lie and distort facts.


The FAA administrator announced he resigned over a month before Trump took office. And the air traffic controllers were always exempt from Trump's civil service buyouts. The previous administration shamelessly used US Department of Transportation as a slush fund for the green new scam, throwing away money and resources on wasteful environmental and social justice projects rather than updating our nation's and antiquated air traffic control systems and other critical infrastructure. I'm returning this department to its mission of safety by using innovative technology and transportation and infrastructure. Your team had its chance and failed. We're moving on without you because the American people want us to make America's transportation system great again. And yes, we're bringing the 22 year olds with us.


Oh, shots fired. That's, Yeah. She's never recovered from the 2016 defeat. She really hasn't. She's been crushed. She used to be kind of a normal person and she had some respect bipartisan, but after 2016, she, she joined the resistance and she was just a crushed person. And she's very lucky. You know, Megan party one, if you Yeah, if you look back, she's a very lucky person because she destroyed classified documents that were under supe federal subpoena and 30,000 emails in total and then destroyed the devices under which they were written. And that, and if Donald Trump had done that, I mean, he wouldn't have been GI and they let her, they let her off.


She's been given, been given a pass her whole life. And I don't know what the degree, I don't think Chelsea Clinton got any money, but I don't know why you'd give any money to a Clinton initiative given the, that record of that. Anything with a Clinton name on it. Going back to Clinton speaking, You know, and Mayor Moscow giving him 500,000, then suddenly Hillary ceased to release North American uranium to so Russian company, the, and the foundation got, You know, money from Russian oligarch. So the whole, that whole Clinton Enterprise is corrupt and it has been for years and she knows it.


It stinks. I think They're really upset about all this Stuff coming. I gotta do one more Super Bowl ad with you. One more. Yeah. For my cultural commentator here. VDH, this one you mentioned comedy and how it's coming back. Well, Shane Gillis was a comedian who got canceled during the height of the wokeness because he'd got hired by by SNL and then it emerged that in one of his comedy routines, he did an Asian accent. So they canceled him on SNL for doing an Asian, it was just absolutely absurd. He's back too. He is starring in the latest. This is no accident Bud Light ad, which is all testosterone here. You wanna go fishing tomorrow?


I got a colonoscopy tomorrow. Fellas accidentally threw a LA party. Okay, Ted, They're on their way. Big Men on cul-de-sac please. Right here. You cul this a party cul-de-sac party Launch launch. Here's our metaphor for an invitation. Is that our leaf blower Party in sec. You are quarterly invited To the end of the cul-de-sac. This is incredible. You are Mower smokes meat. Oh, a smoker cuts grass. Hell yeah. I spent most of my money on this.


Can you rig fully custom Pretty Bud Lights. Can you fit in that puppy? As many Bud Lights as it takes a lot of Bud Lights. It's cul-de-sacs pop. We get off the boat. The ho a's already breathing down my neck. It's bearded men, guys with baseball caps, party at the sack, smoke and meat with the women. And I didn't see any fake women by the name of Dylan Mulvaney. This company has heard us. It's obvious. Yeah, I think they don't hire anymore. Harvard graduates be their ad czars and they decided that the zero zero 1% of the population is not as profitable as white male working class, I guess.


Yeah. Or any working, any black male black Base, their Bread and butter Hispanic. Yeah. That's, that's their base. And, and so I guess they figure they're not gonna commit suicide anymore. And I don't know. It's it's all the thematic, it's all thematic that we're waking, as we said before, it's just just incredible that one guy with a, with executive orders and fearlessness like Trump. You know, I, I was thinking just very quickly, if we had any other Romney esque type or McCain or Paul Ryan president right now and he was elected, he would get a committee to examine DEI or he would say on the one hand, on the other hand, I don't know what to do about cutting A-I-D-U-S-A-I-D it would be, it wouldn't be like this.


It really wouldn't. Trump is super generous. Without him, we wouldn't be doing any of this. Yeah. We, a typical Republican Orthodox approach to this would be to get a committee and then maybe compromise the, the, the force of it away with the Democrats, just like we saw, You know, but this is different. This is really, this is a really true revolution. It's, it's the whole theme of our discussion is sort of what's happening to the country versus where the Democrats are. And I'll, I'll end with this. Fetterman sent out or said the following to Puck News. He was commenting on that new DNC leadership, You know, where they were so worried about they don't have enough non binaries. And everybody agreed Kamala lost because of racism and sexism.


And then they had the nerve to elect a white male as head of the DNC and as the vice chair, they elected another white male, David Hogg, the one of the people who is a student at that, that school in Parkland, Florida where there was a mass shooting. And he's been just truly one of the most vicious leftists ever since. So Fetterman says the following, the new leadership of the DNC, the vice chair David Hogg called for abolishing ice and defunding the police. I'm concerned we haven't paid attention to what happened and boy does that ever sum it up. VDHI gotta run. Thank you for sending, spending your Friday with us.


Always a pleasure. Thank you for having me Megan. Alright, up next. Mike Solana is here. Don't miss that.


Some therapists say that debt can make people feel desperate and helpless. It can ruin your sleep, creep into your relationships. It can wreck happiness. But there are ways to get help. Let me tell you about Done With Debt. They have aggressive new strategies to end your debt fast. Done with Debt stands between you and the bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate to slash balances, eliminate interest and stop the crushing penalties. All without loans or bankruptcy. Done with Debt has one goal to wipe out your debt for good. Before you even consider making another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists for free and tell them I sent you. But you do need to hurry because some of these debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Go to Done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt dot com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer Details apply.


My next guest has been called The Most Opinionated Man in America. I like that. And that's saying something considering our political media landscape. But his message is resonating, in particular with young American men. His name is Mike Solana. He's a protege of Peter Thiel and eventually became the Chief marketing Officer of Teal's Venture Capital Firm Founders Fund. He now also runs a news outlet called Pirate Wires, where he recently wrote an article titled We Are the Media Now. He's the perfect guy to talk to as Democrats and Legacy Media absolutely lose their minds over Elon Musk and his young Doge engineers kicking the tires at various federal government agencies. Mike, thanks for being here.


Thank you for having me. Great to have you in the Red Studio. Great to be here. So I'm just gonna give folks a feel for what's happening in reaction to Elon's. I don't know, like six Gunslingers. Ooh, it's who good. Who are going into U-S-A-I-D and going into treasury, although those are two like actual special employees at Treasury. Anyway, it's Elon's team trying to figure out where we can find these efficiencies and total meltdown on the left and the media. But I repeat myself, here's a sampling. I apologize to the Saints out there and we know a lot of the Saints listen to the show. He called himself big B-A-L-L-S. So big B-A-L-L-S can't say, has all about Social security data and maybe downloaded it, maybe didn't share it.


Maybe this Is a 19-year-old high school graduate who has used the unfortunate nickname Big Balls online. So that would be one way that we could refer to him is that this individual has founded multiple companies, including one with another unfortunate name Tesla Sexy Llc as young as 19. Yeah, the the Big Balls here. Wire has done an astonishing job here. You know, I could make a joke. That's probably why he was hired for all this ridiculous nonsense. Kara Swisher there at the end. Hmm. One of my faves. Yo right. One of my muses I think. I mean, she's just like perfectly emblematic of the Buffoonish Media, I think. Thank you. Also, here she is talking about Elon Musk. I love how every single one of these clips opens up whenever she's sort of on a, on a CN or whatever it is to talk about El Elon Musk.


And she's brought on as this Elon Musk expert. She has not talked to Elon Musk in years. I think there was an interview she did with him like four plus years ago. Yes. That's what it said there. The Chiron was, has interviewed Elon Musk. I agree with her. On one point though, she said it's a wired to done an amazing job, I think was what, what she had said. Something like that. I agree. It's an amazing job. I just don't think it's an amazing job for them in the way that they want the wired Ha So Wireds Wired is the one that outed the names of The staff. They broke the story. Yeah. So they, they the all six of them or something. And then, but they've been teasing out like new stories every day. There's a new story. The Big Balls one is, I mean, the headline was crazy. It was like, like teen entrepreneur build sex or what was it? It's, it's Tesla.


Sexy. Sexy LLC. Ooh. And hires Convicted Hackers, which says to me like, so they're not actually in prison. He's a criminal justice reform kind of kid, by the way. He's at a heart of gold. That's what you, a lot of people hire the black hat hackers and the white guy Hackers. Oh yeah. After the Way, yeah. Right. In tech, my husband used to run a, a security firm for online, You know, properties. And they loved hiring the black hack hackers because they knew what they were doing. Yes. And it was like every beat though in that line. It's like he's a multiple entrepreneur. He's a teen genius. He then goes by the name Big Balls. Okay, well, so like, it is what it is. He is 19 and he's like a genius and he is working in the government. Do you want like really brilliant 19 year olds or do you want a really sort of old dumb person?


Right. I don't know. I mean, I do know what they want, but it's not what I want. So I am, I stand with Big Balls and solidarity. I'm fighting for Big Balls. I'm rooting for Big Balls. I hope he doesn't, doesn't, doesn't make me regret it. But I, if he does, I'll probably forgive him. I'll forgive Big Balls. They're, they're making it sound like Elon is in there with his team of, You know, six Gunslingers looking up our social security numbers so he can open up a credit card in our, in our name. Right? Like this is, there's some nefarious purpose. He has competitors. He could be spying on their data. It's like, meanwhile, what Elon has wanted to do, he's made very clear what he, what it, what he wants to do, which is find deficiencies in each of these agencies. And they're overstating the extent of his access.


So like, for example, they wanted us to believe that these, these hackers had access to change code or change data at treasury. But Scott Besant came out here and said, that is not true. Here he is in part and sought 33 in an interview with Bloomberg. First of all, when you say the Doge team, these are treasury employees. It are two treasury employees, one of whom I personally interviewed in his final round. There is no tinkering with the system. They are on read only. They are looking, they can make no changes. It is an operational program to suggest improvements. The ability to change the system sits over at the Federal Reserve.


So it doesn't even lie in this building. So they could make suggestions on how to change the system, but we don't even run the system. Okay. So what, who are we to believe wired that they're having access and they can actually change code or Scott Besser says they can only read it. Yeah, I mean, I think that the wires just, and all the media, they're gonna say whatever they have to say to make this seem more terrifying than it is. Because if you just break it down into its basics, you have the duly elected president of the United States has hired a person to do a job that the American people knew about before he was hired, and now he's doing it and we're glad. And there's just like, not a lot of ways you can make that sound scary.


So I mean, it's like, again, it's like I, I know, I know what I think. I know what they're gonna think. I think they're kind of gonna stay in their little corner and keep making stories or whatever. But yeah, I mean, I wanna see these people. I wanna see the the bureaucratic state slimed. Yeah. And, and I'm, I'm enjoying this. I Know. And who would you hire to, to actually go through code and go through efficiently, young e energetic men who understand how to code? Elon sent some tweet out the other day saying, it's so great how my opponents all these bureaucrats take the weekends off. Right? He's like, it's like playing an opponent who leaves the field for two days. They don't know what they're dealing with. Right. The man is tireless. He moved a cot into one of these government buildings and they're all sleeping there.


I mean, I think they do know what they're dealing with, which would account for how much they focused on Elon from the moment that he started working with Trump. It was, I think, really scary to them. I think they do know that he's a very powerful person. He is relentless. He just will work and work and work. And, and also he just did this, he just ran, ran this game back over at Twitter and we saw the exact same reaction from the media. Then also hiding behind the lie that it was gonna collapse. It was like, oh, imminent, imminent. Twitter will shut down. It will be, it will just sort of like burn to the ground. And of course they never really believed that. What they were most afraid of was not Twitter collapsing, but Twitter surviving under new leadership that didn't censor.


And I think that's what you're seeing now in the government. It's a fear Here. Here is a walk down that memory lane Media and Dems. But again, same thing on Elon's Twitter experiment. When he found deficiencies there, Mosque has turned x, formerly known as swear into a cesspool of hate speech and extremist incitement. It's A shit hole. Right? Elon, fuck that shit up. There's better engagement on Threads. Instagram is a really terrific product and Twitter is awful. I know sodomy when I see it because Elon Musk is, I mean, he is the worst please off. Is that why he is often compared to a bond villain, the Guy's, the guy's a Joe, right? He really is a Joe. Now Musk is just one of the dangerously weird and extreme cranks Astonished at how dumb Elon Musk and he is as Crazy as he seems on Twitter, this Dude tripped over his dick and became successful.


I mean, again, it's like they're just terrified. They, Twitter was crazy because, I mean, I wrote about that a lot at the time. Everybody understood that Twitter was controlling the discourse in the country. All the journalists lived there. The censorship was the, the politics were completely constricted around this one narrow opinion. They were also amplifying content on the sort of Twitter. What was it back then? It was the trending topics. So you had both censorship Yeah. And propaganda pushing and pushing a narrative. And everybody kind of understood immediately that once Elon took over that was going to be gutted and we would actually have something like free speech. Now there are bad things about that like, or not bad things about that.


But there are nasty things that happen in an environment of freedom, but also the truth. And, and that's very, that was terrifying to people. Like, You know, the M-S-N-B-C talking heads yesterday We ran a soundbite from Harry Ton on CNN showing how the numbers jacked up in support of a ban on boys participating in girls sports. Hmm. Just in the past couple of years, You know, it was like 63% and now it's 79% just in the past couple of years. And I attribute that to Elon Musk's purchase of Twitter because he completely took off the caps on what we could say about that. The conversation completely changed. People could say what was real, you were not allowed to say that men can become women when Jack Dorsey had it, when the previous ownership had it.


And it, once you say the truth, people know it in their bones. It's liberating. He completely changed the national conversation on it. Yeah, I agree. I think that the average person probably doesn't think much about these ideas and they're just kind of looking around for a sense of what is acceptable to say in society. And they maybe have this opinion themselves, but they're not gonna share it if it seems artificially. Like everybody agrees that boys should be fighting girls in combat sports or something. You're like, man, that sounds crazy, but I'm not gonna get involved the moment, as you mentioned, yeah. The moment people are allowed to express themselves, actually you get a different sense for where the bounds of culture actually exist. Yeah. He didn't have to push it, he just had to take the cap off.


Yes. And people would say how they felt, which Is so interesting because people say that he's pushing a narrative on Twitter, but that's not true. He's just not. It's the absence of a narrative. Now I do think there's been some changing of the culture there as things like blue sky open up and threads and there are just these people who really can't be around other people who disagree with them. Yeah. And they have found those places. Yeah. Where they're, You know, constantly screaming and crying. Blue sky is especially interesting because it's a place where words are considered violence. But you can also call for violence. Yes. Against people who are bad. It's a Strangest place. All they do is keep censoring each other and reporting each other. This is, this tweet has been censored, this post has been censored for insensitivity. Unless you're calling for the death of a Republican or lan and then you're good. Go for It. Especially.


Yeah. That's the green light. So We, you weren't here yet, but we opened the show today talking about you and your piece about how you argued. Okay. He trump with his EOS on gender and his EOS on DEI and the law, the Lake and Riley act and his EOS on the border. And they don't like any of that. And you can see the media still holding on like, no, everyone's racist, no men can be women. But the thing that really got them out in the streets was the cutback of federal bureaucrats jobs, including today at the DOE. They're very upset about U-S-A-I-D Now magazines like Politico are seeing their, their subscriptions from these federal government offices, You know, pulled because the government doesn't wanna pay taxpayer dollars for these things. Now they're pissed.


Yeah. It was surpri I would love, I would love to say that I wasn't that I wasn't surprised that I saw it coming, but I really was surprised I expected much more on the stuff that you just mentioned. Even the gender stuff, especially the immigration stuff. But it is, it's, it's the firing of the federal workers and I think that they're correct. I think that what they're realizing, or what I'm realizing is that Elon and Trump, or Trump through Elon is now over the actual target. Which is, I mean I think we had this idea that the deep state, which is this scary kind of conspiracy theory sounding thing, was like the smoking man from the X-Files. Like this guy in the shadows who was really competent in pulling the strings. But it actually is like this genderqueer librarian who works in the federal government and there are thousands of them and they just best case scenario with a jobs program and they don't do much of anything.


But worst case scenario, there's a small minority who are totally radical and they're opposed to any time a Republican gets in office, they're opposed to everything they do and they get in the way and they muck up the gears and you wonder like we voted them in to do these things. Why aren't they doing anything? And it's because of this, it's because we actually, I think we do have a deep state. It's like, what I mean by that is an unelected class bureaucrats who are controlling the government. And, and now we're being told that dismantling that is akin to anti-democracy. And it's like, actually President Trump was elected and this is what he was elected for. And you're standing on the side of what the State Department did you see that? Where they pulled up that upside down American flag outside of the State Department? Yeah. And you mean to tell me that like the Q anon shaman with his spiky little hat is somehow more dangerous than that.


Right. That's much more frightening to me. And I think that everybody on the, on the left really does have an intuitive sense of this. Even the center left, even the more reasonable people. I think that they felt comfortable knowing that a Republican couldn't actually do much given this thing that's in place. And I've in my life, never seen a Republican go after it like this. Even Trump didn't go after it like this. He round one, he Didn't, he didn't understand it. I don't think he did. I mean, I didn't understand. No one maybe fully understood it. And yeah, you're right. Until he got in office and it was suddenly like, holy crap, I can't do anything. Well, look At us here now, four years later from the end of Trump's presidency where, You know, when he ended, it was late 2020 covid.


We were being told everything was a conspiracy theory, lab leak. That's a conspiracy theory. All this stuff that, You know, like can't talk about the, You know, the medicines that could treat Covid and a hi a covid, hi hydroxy Chloroquine and all that stuff. And you're a conspiracy theorist if you think the vaccines might injure you, et cetera. Well now here we are, four years later, he's back in office and deep state's starting to look a lot more real even to people who never do conspiracy. Right? It's like, well, You know, that t-shirt, like all my conspiracy theories have come true. Right? I mean it's like, it just depends. They, they apply this scary framing to it. But if you just break it down into what people mean by the deep state, It's the Blob a thing that governs, that's not elected that is more powerful than the president.


I mean, at the end of the day, Donald Trump was erased from the internet at the end of his presidency the first time around. It was, and, and then we're, we're supposed to believe there's not this, like all these powers rising up against him or something. It's, it's, if you just break that down, it's like that was the state working with the tech industry to do something that was really crazy and frightening to me at the time. Yeah. That was way scarier than anything that happened on January 6th, was the ability to just snuff out a politician who had a lot of support in the country. And I think that that is over and there are a lot of reasons that that's over. But they're going down swinging. I just wanna say in like a minute, we'll say goodbye to our SiriusXM audience, but we're gonna continue the discussion on pod and youtube.com/meghan Kelly. But they're not going down without a fight because they filed a lawsuit to try to stop these terminations.


What's really happening is they're offering buyouts. They're saying if you wanna leave the federal government, go ahead and leave and we'll give you eight months salary, which is much more generous than they would get otherwise. And please go. And some 50,000 reportedly have said, okay, we'll go not just out of, You know, department of Education, but just across the government. But now these unions have come in, filed lawsuits saying you're not allowed to do that. Right. These salaries are only funded through March. Don't believe them. You're not gonna get your eight months like on, on a technicality. Like you can't trust them, they're not gonna give you any money past March. Don't take the buyout because they make their business and their bones by keeping all the stuffing in the system. Yeah. They need as many numbers as they can, as they, as they can hold onto to exercise power over the US taxpayer.


I mean, I think the concept of just a government, a government union in general is kind of crazy. Like a private union is one thing, but a government union is essentially government workers bargaining with government workers against the taxpayer. Right. Who's not there. Like they're always gonna side with the worker. That doesn't make any sense at all. I just don't understand that conceptually. And I mean, I, this stuff, I was actually wondering what your take on this, what 'cause I, I don't fully understand the lawsuit part and kind of what the odds are there and how this plays out. Well, they stopped it for now, but I I think that they're gonna lose that lawsuit. I think Trump absolutely has the power to reduce the federal government and to reduce the money that he's paying in the federal government. That is 100% within the function of the executive. So he had a Clinton appointee who struck it down for now. But, but that will be reversed.


So I like this that you're targeting a group of, I think young men who are feeling kind of disaffected, unloved, un undervalued. And you're very open about the fact that they should be catered to. And actually I heard in your, in your article, something I didn't know existed, which was the Tech, Right? Oh yes. I think that, I mean, that was a phrase. I, who knows who coins these things. People always claim, You know, ownership of a coinage. But I started referring to it that, referring to it as that recently, I mean I, I think that it just became very obvious that that was what was happening once Elon took Twitter and the sort of censorship ended and the false amplification of different stories ended and people just started talking more.


And I, I had been sort of saying a bit more before that feeling sort of isolated, but suddenly it was very apparent there were, there was a lot of support and, and it was not, it was not what we'd previously thought. You need an name for it. Especially now that it's in the White House. Did we think tech was all left? I think the, I think tech employees definitely skew left. You could just look at the numbers in terms of political donations and things like that. It, it definitely overwhelmingly skews left. But among the people who actually built things, so like founders of, of companies both at the startup level and then at the sort of executive level of the giant companies, the publicly traded companies, there's just plenty of support for I would say common sense pro-business, pro-technology type policies, which we just didn't really see any of under the Biden administration.


In fact, you saw really, while Elon took over o over Twitter, took it private, you saw the Biden administration really kind of go after the technology industry. And once that happened it was like, well, where do you go? And I think that you had people like David Sachs out there Yes. Waving his flag and love him. Peter Thiel, my boss previously, like for years, like kind of this, he was, He put himself out there early on Andre. Yes. And then you had, and then you had Elon and it was just like very easy suddenly, or not easy, but much easier than ever before for someone who disagreed with a lot of the sort of deranged exes of the far left that you had seen before that to stand up and say, I don't agree with that shit.


That's not what I'm here for. I am What Do you make of, so this reminds me, I am fascinated by the fact that of course all the tech executives showed up to the inauguration, but did you see my Mark Zuckerberg's comments about Sheryl Sandberg? Oh he blamed her for the wokeness at Meta. Yeah. Reportedly. And said she was the one responsible for tampons in the men's room and all that shit is done. Yeah. You know, he's doing the Juujitsu, he grew the hair out. He's pro-Trump. Like what a shift. By the way, there's a report in the news today that some rogue employees at Facebook or Meta did put tampons back in the men's room. They come back and I saw Revolution. But it's longer company sanctioned. Yes. It's there one, it's their act of civil disobedience.


But I thought that was actually very interesting. I mean that those two, they were very tight for a long time and they're, You know, It is interesting. I think a lot of people wanna not believe that and they wanna believe that Mark's lying or something. I, and I understand it. It's like, well he was in charge. He could have just changed things or whatever. He was a young guy when he met Cheryl, who was much older and wiser. You would think, who knows? I don't know him and I don't know what was happening with them. I know that, I believe that, I believe where he is right now. I believe that when I first started writing Pirate Wires before it was a company, back when it was just me writing, I covered the, his hospital, he donated a lot of money to a hospital in San Francisco and the city government had decided to rename, it was named after him.


They were gonna take it back at the height it was 2020. It was like the country had def facto legalized rioting. It was like at the right, the, the height of the insanity at that point. And I think that really was a pilling moment for him. It was that, plus he had people inside of his, the Zuckerberg Chan, I think it's called The Initiative. Yeah. As their, their nonprofit who were, who demanded that he resigned at that point over whatever invented crimes of racism had existed at that time. He had never done anything. He was just this guy trying to run his company. And I think that was the beginning. But he had no friends. I mean everybody was isolated back then. My sense as someone who talked to a lot of people was that everybody sort of agreed, but nobody would say anything.


Right. And he was one of them. And he also had the pressure of the entire state bearing down on him because he was seen as this speech platform, I think seen correctly as this very important speech platform. So I think he was maybe scared and I wanna give him some grace. I think at the end of the day, what he stands for now publicly I am aligned with Yeah. And I'm rooting For him. And we need him. Yes. We need him. Yes. We need as many strong soldiers on this side of the aisle as we can get. Yes. You know what's interesting is I went out to the All in Summit in September, late September, and Elon was there and all the guys were there from the All In podcast. And it was all tech guys in the audience, some gals, but it was mostly male, young, You know, I would say mostly in their young thirties, mid thirties maybe.


And I couldn't believe how right-leaning they seemed. Yeah. I was saying all the things I say, You know, on gender I ripped on Kamala Harris's intelligence, You know, like all this stuff I, I defended Trump on the Lawfare. They kept clapping. Yeah. Like a lot. I had the support of the crowd and I was like, what is this place? What's happening out here? Like this is supposed to be tech, which I think Kara Swisher tells me she's got her finger on the pulse and she as left as they come, She knows nothing. She has no idea what she's talking about. You're exactly right about the all in crowd. And the thing about that show is those are very intelligent men. Sachs I think especially is an intellectual. And you, this attracts a sort of smart crowd of people.


Not just this like, it's not just like this rah rah sort of right-wing podcast at all. It's like a kind of thoughtful tech business show. And I always had good experience with people in San Francisco. I just like this kind of strange idea that people find surprising. I think there were a lot of people in San Francisco who just like an intellectual and that's what they are gravitate towards and they're gonna listen to people. And they weren't really visible because nobody was allowing them to speak before and nobody was producing content for them. When I started writing, I wasn't looking for a male audience. I was just like, I can't stand what I'm seeing anymore and I need to say something. And I was protected because I worked and still worked for Peter. And it's like, well if I have this much protection and I'm not saying anything like who is going to say something?


Yeah, I have to say something. But it's sad to me to think of, by the way, my Ep wants me to remind everybody that Jason and Shaath are gonna be on the podcast a week from today. Let's go. But I, I think it's sad because when you're in Republican circles, it's hard enough, You know, before, let's, let's go before the election, before Trump won again and before Elon came out on the campaign. Trump, it's hard enough if you have a big business or you're up an up and comer in a very left-leaning industry to show, show your politics or be open at all about what your political leanings are. But it's gone beyond that for so long to where, You know, young men not only had to say the right things, right, like had to hide their politics if they were all right-leaning, but had to be shamed just for being male.


Yeah. That's it. And nevermind if you're white male, forget about it. And that, You know, we can laugh like, oh, it's so stupid. But it actually really has done a number on like an entire generation and it's such bullshit. Yes. Yeah. It's male behavior specifically. So you could see people starting to freak out about a character who was getting more attention online. Maybe it was Elon Musk or something, before Elon was revealing any of his politics, just because of, there's like a cadence to the way he speaks, or he's using some words like that are kind of broy. Anything that was masculine coded was attacked. It was considered suspicious immediately. Even just competitiveness, I think back to Travis Kalanick who got railroaded at a time when he had no support in the technology industry.


I mean, I, you can look back, I was tweeting about it, but I had no followers back then. So, sorry Travis. I wasn't just gimme One. He, he wrote that women engineers, He didn't write anything. He, Travis, Travis had Travis ran Uber. Oh yeah. Sorry, I'm confusing him with Guy James De Moore. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Fired. Hashtag fired for truth who? Yeah. Right, right, right. He was just in a very aspery way, kind of like talking about the bell curve of distributions or something. Okay. Yeah. You know, no, Travis, I watched the Uber never. Right. But, but, but, so, but so Travis, I mean, he gets railroaded I think really for acting like a man. Like he, he was considered too aggressive and, and things, and it was very weird kind of following that, just the unapologetic maleness of him at a time when you did have people who were much softer and acting much softer.


And I think that's just at this point, I don't know if it's over, I just know that you're allowed to be a guy now, and Okay. When I started writing, yes, it was like a lot of men started following me, but I didn't, I wouldn't set out to do that. And I don't even now write, but It's innate. It's innate. And that when they saw you saying the things and writing the things that they knew to be true, it, it would be a natural gravitation to, to hear more of it. To read more of it. And now I feel like they've been empowered. And there's some women who are like, well, we don't want him to be empowered to the point where they're all Andrew Tate. Right, right. Like, that's Too far. Oh, Andrew Tate and Andrew Tate was only popular because nobody else was saying the few reasonable things that he was saying.


So he's this, I think very bad person actually agreed. And he would also say things like, wokeness is stupid. And everyone's like, yes. Well thank, thank you for someone for saying it. And so he was rewarded because no one else, none of the, the good men would say anything. And so at this, I have to, I'm like real. That's, that's the reason. And I think that actually he'll probably the star will continue to diminish now that the Overton window has broadened enough where the things that he was saying that were actually important can be said by anybody. I was just talking with Victor Davis Hanson about this change in the Super Bowl ads. You know, like back in the era burger and remember the Gillette ad with like the super soft guy. Like, I, I defend Justin Baldoni in this lawsuit with Blake Lively. 'cause I think she's horrible and she's made up this whole thing.


'cause she tried to steal his movie, but he is the most overly feminized man I've had to endure in recent history. Everything he says is self-flagellating over the fact that he's a man. Every sentence is his dec declarative. They're sentence, they're apologizing. Yeah. They're, they're, they're couched in a million, like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. But he's, to me is sort of the embodiment of what happens when you totally emasculate a man. And then she continued, You know, she, she took that stiletto and stuck it in his heart when he was down there self flagellating being so sorry for anything having to do with his testosterone. And so that's what happens to you, right? You then you want, want run into somebody who seems like a witch who will take advantage of you and hurt you until finally even that kind of a guy rises up.


Now he didn't do it himself. Exactly. He hired a badass named Brian Friedman, and he has badass women like me defending him. But slowly but surely, I think the male class is learning down on the floor. Squirming and apologizing for being a man is not the Way. No, well, you're, you're hated at that point. This you're hated by women and men, men quietly see that and are like, ugh. Like why would you do that to yourself? Right. And women don't respect that. No. So if it's like, if you don't act like yourself unapologetically in the world, there is no upside ever. So you have to just speak. And fortunately, we're in a place now where you can do that. And I also, that makes me sort of not wanna, there's this whole class of people now who are trying to kind of like ride the coattails of that.


People who maybe just discovered the anti wokeness stuff a year ago for, what is the Bill Ackman, for example? Yeah. Like, it seems like a nice guy thinks that he invented this late To the party. It's like very late to the party. And like, you don't get a medal now for saying that, You know, racism is bad indeed. Even when it targets white people and that like, the sexes exist. Like, I don't, I don't need you now. Yeah. And we didn't really need him now this last time maybe for the Harvard stuff, but how important was that in the grand scheme of things? Like, it's very funny, funny. Probably not. So I'm just over that stuff. I, I hear you. I've had Bill on the show and I appreciate his same like with Zuckerberg. We'll take you, welcome aboard. Love it. But yeah, late to the party for sure.


Yeah. And You know, for those of us who had real skin in this game for a long time, it is funny to see that Johnny come lately. He's like, oh, I have saved the day. You're like, Yeah. It's like, it's nice, but have a seat. Yeah. Have You really? So what is the next four years whole? Because under Trump woke him grew, You know, the resistance, they grew, they, they had their boogeyman and under Biden, they tried to make it explode. You know, they tried to have, You know, they're, they're so upset about Big Balls, but let's not forget who they brought to the White House. To the White House. Actually, we have this queued up because I knew you were coming and I baked this cake. This is what Biden did in saw 31.


Can we take a little video? Hi, Mr. President. Hi. How are you? It's an honor, friends rights of human rights. Oh yes. Are we Top this at the White House? Yeah. This is a man named Rose Montoya who showed his fake boobs on the front of the White House. So this was pushed on us by the White House, but I think the culture was swinging the other way as this became more in your face. Yeah. So what happens now under these next four years? Well, I think unfortunately for anyone right of center, it's gonna play a lot differently than the left. The thing about the left is, I think it's super coherent and the constellation of kind of leftist ideas are all targeting the same stuff. What you're seeing now, this sort of massive alliance on the kind of like anti woke side, it's a lot of people who believe a lot of very different things, including many center leftists who are aligned against a lot of this stuff.


And I think it's really unclear what the kind of philosophical disposition of the right even is right now. Certainly to me. I mean, I remember people talking about things like taxation and healthcare on the right, people talking about like how important, not like, that's just a very different conversation. And Trump is an economic populist. So, yep. I have a question mark there. I think that they will be effective. I'm hopeful that they'll be very effective at cutting out a lot of the rot inside of the bureaucratic state and getting things to move more efficiently and cutting out a lot of the waste. And then I think it will come down to just the American people and deciding what they want to be. I, I don't think that anybody knows right now. I think that we all agree on what we don't want to be. And that was important.


And it is even important kind of now, but it's about to be a lot less important. And, and I don't, I just don't know. Yeah. It's like when you look around at your life and you realize you put on an extra 200 pounds and you're not married and you don't have kids and you've been drinking too much and you feel gross and you've been having bad visits with the doctors, you need you to lose weight. You know, you need to lose weight, you gotta get on the treadmill. You should stop drinking so much. You should try to get a job. You should maybe throw your hat into the dating pool. But that's a process. And then when you're healthier and you feel better and you look better, then you can ask yourself the question of what do I do now that I'm, I'm well again, what do I do?


And we're, we're at the, oh my God, I've gained 200 pounds phase of it. Yeah. I, I Feel like we're on the treadmill now. You know, we're walking on the treadmill, but we got some miles to go. Yes. Mike, what a pleasure. Please come back. Yeah, I would love to come back. Thank you for having me. Really enjoyed it. Mike's Solan. Everybody Check it out. Pirate, where do they find Pirate Wires? Pirate Wires dot com. Subscribe to the daily for free. Awesome. Thanks for being here and heading to the Super Bowl this weekend. We'll have all the behind the scenes pictures and reports for you on Monday. Have a great one. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.