
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school.


As usual, Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, and a special Friday more casual edition of what's happening in the P Diddy trial. We're actually supposed to be off today, but I've been following this case pretty cl closely and there's been a lot I've wanted to say and we've been trying to sandwich it into other shows. And I've finally, I just wanted to take a chunk of time to just cover what we've seen this week because there's been a lot of developments, and I got a lot of thoughts on this.


So coming in sort of on a day off, it was supposed to be a day off. Thank you to my team for accommodating me on my need to get this off my chest.


Being in debt is like sinking in quicksand. You're trapped. You feel helpless. And the harder you struggle, the deeper in debt You can get if you are trapped in debt, let me throw you a lifeline. Done with Debt. Done with Debt, has created a new strategy with one goal in mind to get you out of debt quickly and permanently. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. Then they negotiate a plan to end your debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. They can get you out of debt quickly and put more cash in your pocket monthly, but you need to contact Done with Debt right away because some debt solutions expire. It's easy to get started. Go to Done with Debt dot com and get a free consultation. You have nothing to lose. Talk with one of their experts about a strategy that will end your debt faster and easier than you thought possible. Visit Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


I'm horrified by this case. And the more I look at it, the more I think the case is getting stronger by the day against Diddy for sex trafficking, racketeering, and transportation to engage in prostitution. Those are the claims against him. I do not predict, you know, he's definitely gonna get convicted, but I'm more and more believing it's likely. And that's because watching, for example, the cross-examination of the star witness has been, I think, kind of underwhelming. I thought that they'd have more, and I thought that they'd be a little bit more skilled. But instead, they seem to be all over the board, the defense counsel on trying to just score points with her.


And they're clearly, I get it, trying to prove that she consented to some of this behavior. Okay? Okay. You, you need to prove that she consented to all of it. That's, that's the, the, the truth. I mean, more accurately stated, the prosecution needs to prove that there were at least some of these sexual encounters, so-called freak offs that were not consensual on her part. And I think they're, they're doing it, I have to tell you. So let's just take a step back, okay? Because what's interesting about this case, and the reason we're all paying such close attention is because this is one of the most famous men in the world.


Sean Combs, puff Daddy, p Diddy, whatever, is one of the biggest celebrities in America in the world. And his star was on the rise. He, for, he formed Bad Boy Records, of course, he was very famous for his relationship with J-Lo and being involved in shooting a woman in the face. He allegedly had another person take the fall for him. The woman who got shot in the face says it was Sean Combs. I saw him and that he paid this other guy to take the fall for him and actually serve time for him. That's not an issue in this case. I'm just saying he's been infamous for a long time. And we've seen him at the award shows, you know, behaving badly and being a bully and just kind of a douche bag.


And we knew that he was a douche bag. I knew he was a douche bag. In my opinion. That's, that's what he was. But it's so far beyond that. This is just so far beyond that. This is not, this is not the Johnny Depp case guys. This is not like, oh, you know, you got this controversial guy and this lunatic woman and you know, she's trying to make a buck off of him, or she's not taking responsibility for her piece of it. This is not that It, it's also not Epstein or r Kelly where you're talking about underage girls. You know, the women involved in p Diddy's Web were of age, they're adults, but that doesn't mean they're incapable of being sex trafficked in the meaning of the law or part of what essentially amounted to a con a criminal conspiracy of control and coercion over them.


And that's really at heart what the government is alleging against this guy. But p Diddy's apex of his fame almost was, was right when he was brought down. I mean, the news reports about him talk about how in 2023 he'd been nominated, I think for his first solo Grammy Artist of the Year, whatever it was. So like he was moving up in the award ceremony world, he was getting more and more recognition. He was releasing an album and he was sort of everywhere in the media and he knew everyone, everyone, you know, I remember that video of him going through the names of the people who came to his parties. It was a who's who of the Oscars and the Grammy Awards.


I think I should have said Grammy's, not Emmy's. That's tv. And he was extremely well connected. You know, Ashton Kutcher at all of his parties. And Oprah of course, okay, that's, he's the one who listed her as coming to his 50th birthday party. Everyone wanted to be near him. His extreme wealth and his infamous party life. You know, we had seen these videos of Justin Bieber being handed over to him at age 15. Great job. Great job. And for, for his weekend with Diddy Camp. I mean, we don't know, but it certainly looks like Justin Bieber is still suffering the fallout from whatever happened to him as he was coming up the ranks of the music world.


It really doesn't seem worth it. I mean, I'd love to hear more from his camp about what's real, because it's clear he's suffering. We just don't know from what and what mother out there would give her 15-year-old boy over to a grown man who's in the rap industry for a weekend with Diddy camp without other adult supervision. That's insane. Then there was Usher going on with Howard Stern talking about how he was living with Diddy for almost a year and how he would never, never let his young sons at, at his age then go and do that kind of a thing. Like these are guys who are indebted to Diddy professionally saying, you know, this is Usher, at least saying this is insane.


I believe, I believe this guy has been abusing people severely for a long, long time. And I don't think the government's wrong that he behaved like a Mob Boss. Like the rules did not apply to him. And let's face it, they didn't seem to where were like the repeated police interventions on his behavior. He was too rich, he was too connected, he was too powerful. Look how the government opened its case here. And by the way, before I get to that, so he's, you know, reaming back up to the apex of his fame in 2023, and that's when his ex-girlfriend of 11 years, Cassie Ventura, dropped her civil suit against him.


And it was settled within 24 hours for $20 million. And that's really what got people interested. Then more and more started to come forward. Some were just money grabs 'cause they're like, shit, if she can get paid, maybe I can get paid. And some were probably much more serious than that. Some of the more serious ones have withstood motions to dismiss are in and are in civil litigation right now. So she brings that case and the feds get interested, and before we know it, there's a federal raid on his homes. And Bob's your uncle, we're in criminal court, but you know, Diddy was behaving with impunity for a long, long time. And the way the government opened its case kind of proved how he operated their first witness was not Cassie or another alleged sex trafficking victim of his or a sex worker.


It was an LAPD guy who had been prior to joining the LAPD, working security at the hotel intercontinental out in LA and was there when that terrible beating we all saw on camera took place, that security guard was the one who got called and who went up to see what the hell was going on. Here's the tape, for those of you who have forgotten, he's walking down the hall, sorry, she's walking down the hall, standby now. He's coming in a towel, running, running after her. She's trying to get in the elevator. He grabs her by the head, he whips her down to the floor, he kicks her, kicks her in the head.


She's down, she stays down, she's testified. She, he kicks her again, she testified she stayed down because she thought it would minimize her injuries and he, he's literally dragging her down the hallway and back into the hotel room. There are a number of reasons that prosecution started with that and with this witness who is a third party, not alleged to be a victim of Diddy's. Not a friend of Diddy's, not a friend of Cassie's, not a sex worker, no one directly involved in this case. This is an LAPD guy who said, not only was he there and saw the visible injuries on Cassie, but said that did he offered him a bribe. He offered him a hundred thousand dollars wrapped in a wad. First of all, who the hell's walking around with a hundred thousand dollars cash on them wrapped in a wad and that he declined it.


And he was smart enough to take out his cell phone and videotape the videotape that was on the security cameras. He was going home for the weekend. And he was very wise to do it because he said when he came back on Monday, the hotel tape had disappeared. And the testimony was that did, he did find some security agent willing to delete it. Let love to hear more about that. But this one, their first witness said, I rejected the bribe and I videotaped what was on that camera. And it was only leaked to CNN you know, recently when we hadn't seen that tape. And it, it tells you so much.


There's no doubt he's a physical abuser. Zero doubt that he's a physical abuser of women. That's not his first rodeo. That guy's been around the block. That's, that's not how you beat a woman when you're just trying it out for the first time. Bullshit. There's no question in my mind that this is part of a pattern of abuse that probably went on for years and probably spanned across multiple individuals. And part of the thing we don't know right now is who else is the government calling? They don't have to tell us right now. So we, we don't know. We know a couple of people. We know Cassie, we know they have another female Jane Doe who we believe is gonna take the stand and say he did this similar behavior to her.


There's a third witness who absconded. She, she decided not to testify and she left the jurisdiction according to reports. We don't know exactly who that was or why, but I'm sure that she's terrified. Of course she's, they're all terrified. 'cause what's not gonna come into this trial probably are all the other reports around Sean Combs. He denies all of this. Just to be clear, he denies the allegations, the abuse. No, he's admitted that against Cassie in that video because he had to. But he denies sex trafficking and he denies racketeering and he denies the prostitution charges and he denies being a serial abuser. But I mean, there are stories again about him firebombing kid Cuddy's car, because Kid Cuddy was dating Cassie, right?


I mean, who does that? Right? He denies everything. And there are lots of other allegations about Biggie Smalls and what, if anything, Sean Combs did to him. He was part of his record label. He was part of Sean Combs bad boys record label. What's he gonna say? What, what's he, he's no fan of Diddy. That seems clear. What ha what happened with him? What, what happened in the past with some of these big rapper battles like Tupac Shakur? There are all sorts of questions about what Diddy has done to whom when, how extensively involved, none of which this trial is gonna get into.


Okay? It's too big. They've decided sort of Al Capone like to focus on the few charges they think they can prove beyond a reasonable doubt. And the rest is just sort of noise. But you know, it shouldn't be for the press. The public, we should know before, why don't we choose more carefully who we're going to lionize, not just us, but like the Harvards and the MITs of the world. Look how they lionized Epstein, not to mention the Bill Clintons. Why don't we choose more carefully who we're gonna put up on these pedestals? Jeffrey Epstein was lionized even after he had pleaded guilty to this act of prostitution with a 14-year-old.


I mean, still Katie Couric's going to his house for dinner. Why not to mention Prince Andrew? We we're so obsessed with people who attain great wealth and have the trappings of it all around them. It's like some sort of magic elixir to other people, even if they're wealthy too. Like, you must know something. You Must be someone instead of having like a healthy disdain for that and questioning, you know, how'd you get it? You know, like, I'd like to know more. If I sit next to Tom Brady at a dinner, I'm gonna know exactly how he got his money and I'm fine with that. But like an Epstein, an a p Diddy or a Weinstein, about whom there's always been a rumor mill of bad behavior.


I mean, it just makes you wonder like before you actually get in business with this person or in bed with this person, how much more would you need to know how much due diligence should you be doing and and lionizing them? Yeah, same rule. So Diddy, after the Cassie lawsuit gets hit with a bunch of lawsuits and then ultimately the raids and then this criminal case and the, the Feds Al Capone style have not charged everything under the sun. They've charged three main charges, racketeering, sex trafficking, and the transport of a prostitute. And I'll tell you, I don't know about the racketeering charge.


It's pretty sweeping. And I'll tell you what the general, what the general elements are, just so You can understand. It's, I mean, it's a lot. And, and You can tell, you know, You can ask yourself whether you think he's, they've, they've proved their case. It's gonna be probably an uphill battle on the racketeering. That's the toughest one. But the other two are looking good racketeering, okay. That he has with others. And just because no one else has been charged, which normally in a Rico case you would have others charged. It's, it's really, it was, it was a statute that designed to get mob bosses trying to get at criminal behavior that's like an a web of criminal behavior that you can't necessarily prove like the one thing or the statute of limitations expired on the other thing.


But you're just showing this bad guy who's operating what's clearly an enterprise that over and over engages in criminal problems or criminal acts. So they've used it against many non mob bosses since it was created. And they've used it against people like Epstein, they were going to for this kind of behavior. So what they're saying is that the defendant and others known and unknown being persons employed by and associated with his enterprise, engaged in and in a way that affects interstate commerce, they conspired together and they engaged in an effort to violate the racketeering laws of the United States. And what they say is, we mean that they committed multiple acts involving, And by the way, under the law, I think you just need to multiple acts involving kidnapping, standby, I'm reading through their indictment, kidnapping, arson, bribery and more.


The, the general list at the front of the complaint says arson, bribery and obstruction of justice too. So among others, now the kidnapping and standby, hold on. I'm just looking at my, my list here. Kidnapping, arson, that's probably gonna be the Kid Cudi stuff. We'll see, that's she, she testified to this, like, they got this from Cassie. When she took the stand that videotape, she testified, was her running out of a freak, off she'd had enough, she was escaping and that he ran after her and dragged her back and forced her to continue.


Now that's kidnapping right there and it's assault. And just because the state prosecutor in California did not bring charges against Diddy, which he should have, but again, that ca that tape was kept secret for some 10 years. So the statute of limitations may have expired. So it's not being charged as an individual act, but that her showing us that and saying I was escaping a freak off and dragged back in there to continue is kidnapping. And on top of it, it meets the other, it meets the other elements as well. It's a, a person in a room with a sex prostitute, which she testified to someone being paid to be there to engage in sex acts.


And she's testifying, she was there under coercion, that's sex trafficking. And there was testimony that he did this with her across state lines and outside of the country too, like down in tricks and Caicos or some one of those tropical islands, not owned by the United States. So that is the second count. Sex trafficking by force fraud or coercion, saying that from at least 2009 up until 2018, he in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, knowingly recruited, enticed Harvard PR transported, provided, obtained, advertised, maintained, patronized and solicited by any means a person knowing, and in reckless disregard of the fact that means of force threats of forced fraud and coercion would be used.


What they're trying to say to, to force that person to engage in a commercial sex act. What's, what they're saying is in interstate commerce, he transported would be enough a person through means of force fraud or coercion into a commercial sex act. Okay, well where was the, for the, the force fraud or coercion, the prostitutes are gonna testify that they did it willingly. Now, the first guy said I was there willingly, they were paying me, but he also took a picture of my license and seemed to be threatening me that if I spoke or didn't behave as he wanted me to, he was gonna, he was gonna hurt me. There would, there'd be retribution. So that's evidence of some force or coercion.


But it's really coming down right now to Cassie, who is, who's showing us the tape. I tried to escape. He grabbed me by the hair and dragged me down the hallway back into one of the freak offs that would be coercion to go back into this room and engage in a commercial sex act. She's not the one getting paid. The lover is, and she testified to that. So you don't, and then you also have to prove that he knew Sean knew that the victim was engaging in this act as a result of force for out coercion. Well, the, the defense is offering emails of her saying, I wanna do the freak offs. I'm into it. Can't wait to freak off, it's all from 2009 so far, 2010.


There was some testimony, some email correspondence. They're not sharing all the email language with us before that 20 16 1 that resulted in the beating that we saw in the hallway. But even if they have an email suggesting she wanted to do that one, and she's disputing that, it seems pretty clear on the tape, she was done with a freak off. Seems pretty clear the consent had been withdrawn. And by the way, as a legal matter, a woman can withdraw her consent to a sex act literally in the middle of sex. The first two minutes can be consensual. And if she says, I'm done, get off of me, the next minute would be rape. If he doesn't listen, that's the law.


So You can certainly participate voluntarily in one of these freak offs, which he said, some of them last four days and maybe on day one you're good, but by the time you're on day four, you're saying, I want to get out of here. Let me go. And if he chases you down the hallway and grabs you and pulls you back into the room where the commercial sex worker is there on the clock for money, you are effed, you're effed, you are going to be charged likely with sex trafficking by force fraud or coercion. That's count two of this indictment. Now, maybe the jury will be persuaded, maybe the defense has one of these emails or texts for every single freak off.


She said there were hundreds. So I doubt it. She's doing more of a narrative explanation of what happened, saying in the beginning of our relationship. By the way, there was a 17 year age difference. She was 19 when it started. He, he threw her 21st birthday party and, and invited Paris Hilton and Britney Spear. She was an ingenue. She was as green and doe-eyed as they came. And this older, much more successful, more sophisticated bully, criminal thug took advantage of this young girl, so beautiful, everything in front of her and lured her, her into his world through promises of making her in the music industry, re remaking her, you know, making her over, teaching her how to dress and how to be in a way that would be enticing for others.


Of course that would be extremely alluring for any young woman. But there was a price to be paid. And in the beginning he wooed her. My God, this is a pattern. I mean, you guys have seen it, you've heard it just on this case, this show enough to know it is a pattern of of abusers to love bomb the women at the beginning. If it's, if those are the roles, the the gender roles, men versus women, it can happen the other way. But it's this kind of abuse, domestic abuse with a love bombing is generally men on women. And then once he obtains control over her comes the abuse. It can be verbal, it can be financial, and it can be physical. And she testified that he, he beat her many times.


And the, the second witness of the case was a sex worker, not the one who was in that room for the 2016 Intercontinental hotel incident freak off slash beating, but a different one, a different sex sex worker. The one who said I had to show my license. And he said he heard Diddy slapping her behind closed doors, that they had an argument, I think that he threw a bottle at her and then they went behind closed doors and he heard him slapping her and he heard her saying, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. And then he expressed his concern directly to her. He, it sounds like this guy was kind of falling in love with Cassie and he worried about her. He said, this is the hired sex worker, but he was hired so often he felt like he was getting to know them.


And she, and he would kind of side text from time to time and he felt that she was in danger in Diddy's world. This is a third party again, yes, he was involved, not like the security guard, he was involved in their relationship and their freak offs, but he's setting the stage and the prosecution with those first two witnesses is setting the stage that this was not a purely voluntary thing, that Cassie did feel coerced and feel like she had no other choice and understood very well that there would be a high price to pay if she did not do what he wanted. And it really doesn't matter, again, if that coercion began mid freak off, pre freak off, or if in the beginning of their relationship when she was very young, 2000 8, 7 9, when they're showing her her loving texts toward Diddy, that she was genuinely in love with him and possibly wanted to do these things.


And she was explaining that she did love him, that she felt there was actual tender love between the two of them. And she felt he loved her too, though he was dating other women, he was hiding her. He wouldn't bring her out in public. She didn't like that he was spending all the holidays with Kim Porter, the mother of some of his other children. There are many, many baby mamas in his world. And he wasn't treating her in any way like an equal or a partner. But this poor lost girl who now had been hooked by this guy had been repeatedly, I mean it's a form of sexual abuse. What he was doing to her, whether she knew it or not, it is not love to take a 17 year, years younger, 19 20, 20 1-year-old girl and have some sex worker come into your private home or hotel room and urinate down her mouth to the point she's gagging.


You fucking Creighton Sean Combs. That's what the evidence was. That's one of the many reasons I think he's a disgusting, perverted criminal. It's my opinion. And she was fooled into believing it was because she was young. I don't know what her background was, but I guarantee you it wasn't great. And she's, she testified that even now, even up until the, the recent, you know, past couple years, she's had suicidal ideations. She's married now to what appears to be a nice man by all accounts. They've got a child and she's, I think she, they've got two children and she's about to give birth to number three. That's why they had to rush her on its stand because the prosecution understands she is the star witness and you know, she's got two weeks to go.


This baby could come at any time. And everybody understood once the baby's here, all bets are off, she might not testify. So they were right to put her on the stand. But even now with her life ironed out and a good man by all accounts in her life, she's still having suicidal ideations, or at least was up until recently, she was very tearful on the stand. She's very soft spoken. This is not some strong, fierce badass woman. Even in the text messages, You can tell she's very sweet. Even the defense counsel seemed to be conceding that in the cross examination of her. And their answer to it is have Diddy sitting there in a sweater for a listening audience. I have a gray sweatshirt on today, but like in a, in know sort of a wool sweater like this with this little polo collar and a bible.


His hair is gray now and he's wearing reading glasses. Oh, he's basically grandpa? No, actually he's not grandpa. He only called himself PopPop in his texts with her because he found out that was her endearing term for her grandpa. Like it was for me and mine. What a sick effort. He found out, she called her grandfather PopPop and then he insisted she call him that the guy who was forcing her to do it with unknown sex workers, et cetera. So he called her BG baby girl and she called him PopPop per his request. I'm just so, it's so foul.


So the defense yesterday got their hands on her on Thursday for the first time, and they were all over the map. They were making some, they were scoring some points in terms of she loved him. She was definitely requesting at least a couple of these freak offs. And it's in writing now. She was saying those are just words by that point. She was, she was denying that she actually wanted them. And it's, it's hard because if you look at the overall narrative of her first two days on the stand, she was talking about the coercion and the, and the control he had over her and how she didn't wanna be doing it. And she knew she'd pay a price if she didn't and she was afraid of him and he would physically threaten her.


So it's okay, You can pull out like in the course of hundreds of these things, one or two where she's trying to please him. And, and she also testified that some of the time she knew she had to, and so she'd volunteer to do it like three days in advance. That's the 20 16 1 she said of an award ceremony she was supposed to appear at could because she knew she'd had to take drugs to get through it and that sometimes she would be physically hurt. And she, she wanted to look nice at her movie premiere or at the premiere of, you know, an album, a award show. So she would try to convince him to get it done like three days before so she could recover from these things.


I mean, this is sick. This is a depraved individual. And let just keep in mind she's not the only one that we're gonna have more women come forward, we believe and take the stand and say he did this with them too. And as far as the racketeering goes, there's been testimony that his staff was facilitating it. They would set up the rooms, they would deconstruct the rooms, they would clean the rooms, they would bring in fresh linens from all the blood and human fluids and baby oil that were all over the beds of these hotels. It's absolutely disgusting. Yes, he was obsessed with baby oil. I know we're all kind of joking about baby oil now it's just sick.


Like he wanted to heat it up. He wanted her putting it on sex workers, the sex workers putting it on her. He wanted her to watch him with female sex workers too. Made her do that. And the defense is trying to say it's all consensual. We've got these emails showing some of them were at her request, or she was at at least open-minded or seemed anticipate, seemed, seemed to be anticipating it with favor. And therefore this wasn't coercive as for the beat down we've seen on tape. They seemed to wanna suggest he was angry about his phone. Something had happened to his phone and not that she left the freak off. Now they're not gonna get that in evidence in any meaningful way unless he testifies.


And if he testifies, all bets are off. It would be a disaster. I think it will be, it it, I think it'll seal his fate beyond doubt. He, and he is just arrogant enough to think he might be able to get away with it. But unless they can convince the jury through some other means that that's what he was angry about when he beat her, I think they're gonna accept Cassie's testimony because she was quick to, you know, own it when she didn't know something, she wasn't an argumentative witness. Even the judge at one point said to the defense, look, you've got a very cooperative witness. Like, come on. 'cause they were saying, oh, we might need to hold her over to Monday. We don't know when we're gonna be done with her. And he was like, you're gonna finish up with her on Friday. That's it.


This was the schedule you knew this was the schedule, get it over with. And she, the baby's about to pop for God's sake. And by the way, think of the poor stress that this woman's under for all my female listeners who have had kids. Remember yourself in the last two weeks of your pregnancy. Remember what an enormous whale you were and how even emotionally vulnerable you become. It's like somebody could stick a pin in you and you feel like you'd pop, you'd be like a uch of salt. No violet bow regard type juicy everywhere. Rolling around on the Wonka floor like a blueberry. You just, you're totally not yourself. You're spicy and you're maybe kind of emotional and you just, you, you don't feel like yourself.


You're excited, you're nervous, even if it's your third kid. I've had three kids. It's, it's a big, very big deal to squeeze another human being out of your body. And I, I mean it's quite a testament to this woman's strength on some level to be doing this at all. The other woman's going under Jane Doe, like this woman is like there with her real name and you know, the stress hormones that are running through her body. I'm sure this was calculated by her on whether she wants to do this, you know, am I gonna hurt my baby? Am I gonna endanger my pregnancy? But things don't get any mo more emotionally relaxed in the first four weeks of motherhood after you have your baby either.


So Claire is very important to her to take the stand and do this. And there's no picture whatsoever being painted of her as a villain. That's why I say it's not like Amber heard. Even the defense seems to be conceding. This is a sweet lady. Their best defense is, she was into it. And I'm sorry, but that, that hotel videotape is just absolutely freaking devastating to their case because what we know more than anything is she was out into it that day. All she wanted was to get away from him. And he came out there like a criminal thug, beat the shit out of her and dragged her back to his room in which he was sitting naked prior to putting on that towel.


I I just think that's gonna be enough for most of your, most of these jurors. Look at her getting out of there for the listing audience. We're showing the tape again, he's running, running. He's just holding the towel together. He didn't even have the ti even have the time to like fold it on properly. Grabbed her like a rag doll kicked her in the head, grabbing her stuff. This isn't public basically it's a public hotel. Kicked her again, the anger. So these kicks, he's incredibly angry. Oh, And by the way, he tried, they tried to establish through Cassie when she was on the stand that he was upset because they, they took bad drugs the night before. He was on a bad drug trip.


I don't give a shit and neither will the jury. She testified that he was violent with her many times. As I said, she's already gotten sex worker testimony that he heard him abuse. How many bad drug trips did he have? And is that really a defense to coercion? I don't think so. I guess that's it. That's where we are right now. This thing's supposed to go eight weeks. We we're in week one. Week one. I'm looking at the sex trafficking count, all right? Interstate and foreign commerce. There was testimony that they crossed state lines and even country lines that he transported or provided or obtained or patronized or solicited any person to engage in a se a commercial sex act.


Again, by use of forced threats of force fraud and coercion. So she's the one being forced. The sex worker is the one who makes it commercial. He definitely transported and provided and so on prostitutes into these rooms. I think that's the jury's gonna accept that. And then the last piece of that second count is that he did it knowingly and in reckless disregard of the fact that it was by force fraud and coercion. And that's one of the things they're gonna argue. He didn't know if she didn't wanna be there. He didn't know. 'cause she was sending him email saying, I I wanna do it. Well he knew at the intercontinental that she had her clothes on and she was running and he beat the shit out of her and dragged her back there.


He knew that's just how are they gonna get around that? There's a reason the prosecution opened its case with that videotape. And I don't know what else we're gonna see on these videotapes or what else the jury's gonna see. You know, I, the prosecution has held its cards close to the vest. The one unknown dynamic here is not totally wowed by the strength of the lawyering on either side. Believe it or not. You have James Comey's daughter as the lead prosecutor and you have Mark Rego's daughter as one of the lead defense attorneys. Isn't that crazy? And the other defense attorneys, it's actually very interesting. It's Mark Aglo and Mar Mark Aglo is the guy who defended Keith Ranieri in that nex Im sex cult case from Albany New York.


You know, my hometown. And I think if you remember, I've shown you my interview of him when I was in NBC on the NX Im case and how he was gonna defend these claims by these women who got branded as part of a Keith Ranieri sex cult with his initials. And Ag Nilo said to me, oh, same defense he's bringing here we look, this is a New York jury. He said, we don't do, you know, disempowered women. There's no, there's no cult. You're not forced to do anything. These women got the brand 'cause they wanted it. They had sex with Keith Ranieri because they wanted to. No one made them do anything. And that is literally what they said.


This is gonna be the defense here. These women were there of their own volition. Nobody forced them. Sean Combs didn't force them. I've got emails, I got texts showing I can't wait for the freak off. Let's do it this Friday. There's no, there's no force. It's like he tries to spin like a girl power moment out of all of this. Like no, it's impossible for a strong woman to be abused or something. And that's the other defense of course, that this is all just a weird sex life. But I do think we have to bear in mind there's something dangerous about not understanding that domestic violence can absolutely be a part of sex trafficking.


And the a racketeering case like this where you're saying it's a criminal enterprise in which you force multiple women into your weird sex web that involves other criminal acts potentially like kidnapping, like assault, like drugs. And there's been some testimony to that effect as well. Just because domestic violence is a thing that happens outside of the sex trafficking arena. It happens in people's private homes every day in this country far too many times. So just Because it isn't a thing, it is a thing that's independent of potential criminal charges involving racketeering or sex trafficking doesn't mean that racketeering and sex trafficking will never involve domestic violence or just because a freaky sex life can happen and does happen every day in this country in non-criminal settings.


Doesn't mean that it can't cross over to being a part of a criminal enterprise like racketeering or something you would see on camera or hear testimony about in a sex trafficking case. So we have to be aware that this is the only defense that's available to Sean Combs she wanted it is really what he's saying. We're we're both freaks in the bedroom. Everyone was there of their own volition. There was no coercion of anyone in these rooms. Now I frankly, I don't know how he's gonna get, you know, past the, the prostitution counts that's that's gonna be tra transportation to engage in prostitution, which doesn't really require too much.


He knowingly transported individuals in interstate or foreign commerce with the intent that they engage in prostitution. It doesn't require fraud, coercion or force. He, he knowingly transported individuals in interstate and foreign commerce with the intent that they engaged in prostitution. Well, we've already had testimony to that effect and there's gonna be more, my understanding is, and Cassie, but two witnesses have already testified to that. Now that's got a lower penalty. But the sex trafficking, the the one that I read to you before sex trafficking by forced fraud or coercion, that that alone could be 15 years and you, you add the RICO in there and now we're talking potential life in prison on all these counts. But I'm just saying he's looking at some very serious prison time on all of these and it's no defense like she wanted it to, the transportation to engage in prostitution count.


Now you just have to keep in mind she wanted it has to apply across the board and I just don't know how they're gonna get there. There's just too many of them. And the tape is too brutal. And the testimony of the sex worker about the fight and him slapping her behind closed doors and even one of her text messages says, when we both want the freak offs, I love them. Well what does that mean? So what I see is two, okay, lawyers on the prosecution and the defense side squaring off against one another and each building the planting the seeds for their garden in closing argument.


And you're gonna have the prosecution get up there and they're just gonna go element by element on each of these charges. That's what they're doing. They're, they're eliciting testimony to prove each of the elements they need to prove. And they will go through them piecemeal on, you know, kidnapping, what was it? Bribery, that's another one of the predicate acts for the RICO count. We've already had the testimony on that. The, the, the security guard was off offered a hundred thousand dollars to get rid of the tape. He said that under oath, they really didn't dent that guy up at all. He added more on the stand about he and Combs scuffling over, I think his phone, maybe Combs had seen him videotape the videotape and they got a in his grill about why he didn't put that in his report. And the guy's like, look, I didn't put every detail in the report, but you know, obviously the beating happened.


The security guard we know is telling the truth on that. We've all seen it. So that's that guy's talking about bribery, you got bribery there. Looks like he got kidnapping right there on camera. That's two. All you need is two predicate acts for conspiracy under Rico and you generally have other defendants. Again, it appears some have cut deals. That's my belief. I believe there are probably unindicted co-conspirators who are probably gonna take the stand against Diddy and say, I arranged the room, I provided the baby oil, I paid the prostitutes, I supplied the drugs. I mean, why are we going eight weeks if we're not gonna hear that? So all of that is coming our way and, and I would say now when we are at week one, and I should offer the caveat that we're doing this Friday morning around 11 and she's back on the witness stand getting crossed again right now that the defense is still crossing and then the prosecution will do a redirect and then a recross, et cetera.


So that, so maybe something dramatical will happen today before we go to, you know, air with this. But right now I think the prosecution is getting it done. They're not, they're not wowing me and the defense is not wowing me either. They, they don't have, you know, what was her name Vazquez, the lawyer who cross-examined Amber Heard, yeah, Camille Vazquez, she was a star. They don't have that on, on team defense, not so far. And they don't have a witness who can be made into a villain like Amber heard pretty easily was, you know, when she did fine on her cross, you remember I actually found her on her direct. I found her direct kind of compelling.


And then she got across and it was just so clear her whole story fell apart. That's not happening to Cassie Ventura. It's not happening. So that's where we are after one week of the Diddy trial. I really think we need this, we need this full airing of this man's behavior. It was past time and it shouldn't start, stop at this criminal trial. Like this isn't my world. I cover politics, you know, for the most part. And, you know, massive cultural stories too. But the people who cover the entertainment industry, the people who covered the music industry, where the hell were you losers? The, that whole, I, I guess I touched this world a bit in my year at nbc, but that whole world around these celebs is all about one thing sucking up to them for ongoing access.


It's just all about kissing their round rumps. So You can have ongoing access to Diddy and you might be invited to a Diddy party or have them swing by to promote his new record. That's the name of the game. You know, listen to the reason Billy Bush describes himself handling Donald Trump on now, that now infamous bus trip when Trump was the biggest star at the network and Billy Bush worked for Extra and or Access Hollywood. And he's like, of course I was kissing his ass. That's my business. That's the, like the whole game is ongoing access. There's no one willing to take a serious look and do some real investigative reporting on these people.


And there Must be 'cause we have to figure out exactly because widespread, his alleged criminal acts may possibly go again. He denies it all. He denies all of this and is outraged at the allegations being brought against him. And in fairness to Diddy, some have clearly been made in the wake of Cassie's lawsuit that appear to be absolute bullshit. You know, money Grubers who've decided to try to get on the Diddy gravy chain train and shame on them because they undermine the legit claims being made against him or what appear to be. So we have to proceed with an open mind toward his defense. And look, maybe he's got some ace in the hole that we haven't yet seen, and maybe he will take the stand and get in more evidence of consent and participation and what happened on that tape that we don't yet know about.


And I am open-minded to that. So anyway, thank you for listening. I hope you have a great weekend and we'll pick back up the show on Monday. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


These days. Personal safety is not something that can be left a chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Berna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part, Berna can be shipped directly to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Berna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option and Burna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with burna. Visit bya.com, that's B yna.com/megan and that'll get you a 10% discount. And learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are adding burn's. Less lethal protection, Burna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


Let me tell you about Financial Yield Solutions, Inc. Known as FYSI. If you're handling your own books or you have a bookkeeper, you risk inaccuracies, missed deductions and blind spots in cash flow. FYI's team of seasoned accounting professionals, corporate and tax attorneys handle every journal entry, bank reconciliation, and month end close with unmatched precision, delivering clear and timely financial reports that keep you in control. They weave advanced tax avoidance strategies into your bookkeeping so You can capture every deduction before you file and plug you into their network of industry leaders and referral partners for real world growth opportunities. Set up your free consultation to learn how FYI's experts will transform your books into a growth engine and accelerate your business to the next level. Act now to claim your free $5,000 business assessment available only for a limited time. Visit FYSI dot com slash megan, use promo Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000 today.


Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto Insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.