
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Meghan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Friday. Lots to get to today, including more on the coverup of former President Biden's cognitive decline. And I mean, I really feel like we need to say attempted cover up attempted. We knew anyone with eyes and ears knew, but there was more to it than was publicly revealed. And that's starting to come out. And by the way, it's going to keep coming out. This book by Tapper and Thompson is not the last. There will be additional books.


There will be, you know, now that people have realized you can make money off of telling the truth about him, more people will do it. That's America. Also an investigation now into his use of the auto pen. You've heard President Trump railing about this. Did you know there's actually an investigation underway right now into that. And there is reportedly a whistleblower, a top Democrat who has come forward to the person doing the investigation to say exactly who was running the auto pen and why. So we sh we could actually learn a lot more about that. Plus Scott Pelley whines about the Trump administration in a wild commencement speech down at Wake Forest University. Those poor kids at Wake Forest, why were they subjected to Scott Pelley?


Who's making these choices? All that plus the world's premier, you thought we were done, but we're not the world premier of part three of with love. Meghan. Yes, Maureen Callahan. And my take on Meghan Markle ridiculous Netflix show. Our own homemade parody of it has a third and final part, and you will see it today here only here to discuss it all and more. The host of the new hit podcast, The Nerve with Maureen Callahan, the lady herself on the MK Media Podcast Network. And she's a columnist for the Daily Mail too.


I would like to introduce you to a new brand of Angus Beef. You can order it directly from Riverbend Ranch, which is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone Montana. Riverbend Ranch raises their cattle a lot differently than most ranches. For example, they never use artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. They track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. And they handle their animals humanely and with respect. But most important is the quality of the beef. You'll find it as tender and flavorful as the finest restaurants. And that's because they have spent the last 35 years selecting cattle for tenderness and flavor, aging their beef to perfection for 21 days. The result is some of the most tender and flavorful beef you have ever tasted. You cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store. And since it is shipped directly from the ranch to your home, you get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from riverbend ranch.com. Use promo code Meghan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's riverbend ranch.com code Meghan. And be prepared. Once you taste it, you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's Riverbend ranch.com code. Meghan


Maureen Callahan. Welcome. Well, Thank you Meghan Kelly. Oh, it's so fun to have you. I can't wait. Our Fridays together are the most fun. Is it just me or has the success of the nerve taken you next level glam and beautiful and fabulous? 'cause you look, you've never looked better. Well, Thank you. I I have been getting a glow up. I will say, you know, I've been introduced to extensions. They, aren't they wonderful? They're the Best. Except like I have to take them out at night because my hair is so damaged from going platinum. No, no. I, I am gonna hook you up with Sarah. Okay. Who, you know, already been because we were astronauts Together. We Okay. We're forever, you know? Yeah, yeah. And she's going to make life easy for you. Okay. Well that a lot. I mean, just a couple extras in there. Give you just a little extra voom. Well, thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. So there's a lot to go over. I think we should start with Diddy, because let's do it. Like, can we just put, let me put the legality to the side for one second and just start with what an incredible disgusting dirt bag we're learning. He is. He denies everything. He denies everything. He doesn't deny smacking her and, and kicking her and hitting her on the inter, on the intercontinental tape. So we know he did that. But witness by witness, what we're seeing is this guy's a monster and we've had his former assistant come forward to talk about the abuse they witness witnessed this week. There was one saying he, he quit because he just couldn't stand the amount of abuse that he was heaping. Not just on star witness, Cassie Ventura, but other women too.


And just pretty much everybody who takes the stand has another story about Diddy abusing some woman. I mean, brutally abusing them. Yes. And even his, I believe pa his personal assistant was brutalized for, did he send him to go to Whole Foods? I just, I love the details, right. Like the Quo Didian details where you're like, oh, did, he's like shopping at Whole Foods or buying baby oil in bulk at Costco. Right, right. Like the sort of pedestrian things that, you know, you or I might engage in. And he said, go get me a gallon, a gallon of some kind of ionized water. I don't know, they didn't have a gallon in stock. So he comes back with two half gallons equaling one gallon, but he was savaged for that because did he wanted the one gallon.


So it's like those details. But this week has seen so many great characters. Like my favorite was The Punisher. Yeah, you're right. The the sex worker. Okay. The sex worker who is dressed like something out of a Marvel comic, like an SNM Marvel comic. Right, Right. On Brand with the mask, with the spikes on it. And then like the this and the that. And he's got, he's published, it's self-published, a book called Freezer Meat. Oh, That was, that was an interesting moment where they asked him why. And they, and the feds had the front and back cover in full color of the illow. Like, it's like wild stuff's going on. And so The Punisher who I need to start following on Instagram. Right, right. He needs to become part of our life.


Definitely. So he's talking about, he, he, his book Freezer Meet was about erectile dysfunction. Right. And he had trouble performing for Diddy and Cassie and Diddy who he first come f the first encounter in comes this like oiled up black man naked except for Berka. Like, like it's these details where you're like, what, what's going on in these hotel rooms? Like, it's kind of funny. Like there's something like, it's crazy dignity. Whatever Dignity Sean Combs may have had remain is being stripped away, like with every single witness who gets on that stand, you know? Yes. So they, the lawyer asked him, why would you call your book Freezer Meat?


And he said, what's harder than that? And his book is about erectile dysfunction. What's harder than freezer meat? And I can think of a couple of things, but in any event, that is him, I guess being self-deprecating. But yeah, I guess he's had a problem with this, which I mean, frankly, he's in the wrong line of work because you can get away with that as a news anchor. Nobody would ever know, like if you're going into the sex worker trade it, it does become an issue, I imagine. And he was talking about how, I imagine when you're having like forced sex or sex acts with Cassie Ventura and somebody's watching you, what he suggested was he'd been performing oral on her, and then Diddy wanted him to, you know, go the next level.


And he couldn't. And so he's writing about like this erectile dysfunction problem, talking about it that he's having in the midst of this so-called freak off, making him perhaps not the ideal candidate for the freak off. But all of this is just background to like the serial weird sexual obsessions of P Diddy and his treating Cassie Ventura. Like she was a piece of meat. Like she was his property. That's what we're getting. Yes. Yes. And some of the more harrowing testimony I think came from Cassie's mother who got on the stand and said Sean Combs personally called her, like he could have had one of his henchmen do it. But he personally called her and said, if you don't give me $20,000, I'm going to release a sex tape of your daughter.


This woman is not for money. Okay. She had to refinance her house to get $20,000, which for Sean Combs is like nothing change in the couch cushions. You know what I mean? He's got that in that Gucci bag. He has a security guard carrying around. He's, He's running around with like hundreds of thousands of dollars so he can pay people off at these hotels. Right. She had to refinance her house, which takes months to do. And so she's living in fear that her daughter will be, will be humiliated in this way by this monster who then takes the $20,000 from her, takes it. You know, like that's a kind of sadism. That is. So, I mean, he's psychologically such a sick, sick, sick guy. And you know, I heard your coverage of it earlier this week.


Like whether or not he's found guilty, he's done, he's done. He, he, he better be. I mean, I feel like you and I will do our level best to make sure that's the case. He's been a serial bully for the people who work for him, for the women he dates and the mother. Yeah. She gets, she's only on the stand for 30 minutes. But that she told that story and then once she gives it to him, she's had to remortgage her house. She gets the 20,000, she gives it to him, couple days passed, he gives it back. Right. Or I guess he had like an attack of conscience, like, oh, maybe I shouldn't be harassing my girlfriend's mother for money. She doesn't have. But I think he does enjoy the exercise of just making people subjugate themselves to him and seeing, especially with women, how much he can demean them and demoralize them.


There's been testimony this week that he had, he sat next to Cassie on a plane, and I can't remember whether it was, it must have been a private jet, but I thought they were saying it was a public jet. There, there were certainly other people around. Okay. And he made her look at video. He had taken of one of the freak offs, and he threatened her saying he would release it like he was ready to use this and publicly humiliate her if she didn't do what he wanted. So on the one hand you have that stuff and you have the v the video of the beating, and you have had multiple witnesses testify about seeing him beat her. Her friend got on the stand and testified to that. She just had a makeup artist get on the stand and say she saw her after he had beaten her with knots all over her head, a a fat lip, a black eye.


The makeup artist tried to help her, the, the assistant to Sean Diddy comb saying, I had to quit 'cause I couldn't take the beatings. Ta Cassie only testified to a few of these. She said it happened regularly, but they, the prosecution didn't even bring out every beating. It was like all these other people who remember, oh no, there was this beating and that beating and another beating. And what the defense is trying to hang its hat onto is there's testimony from her saying, you know, why, why didn't you leave? And yes, she did testify. I felt threatened and so on. I was afraid of him. But also she, she testified and admitted she loved him and she did enjoy the lifestyle. Yeah. She liked the cars and she liked the homes. Yeah. And the defense is gonna try to drive a truck through that.


Yeah. They put on Kid Cudi yesterday, this rapper. Yeah. And separate it apart from the arson charge that he's trying to build, they're trying to build with him. He painted Cassie as not all that great because he suggested she was dating him while lying about the fact that she had left Diddy when she hadn't. And he used the word played. She played me. Right. She played me and she played him. Right. And the defense too is they're gonna try to paint, paint her as like this manipulative, strong, they're of her own volition. She loved the car, she loved the lavish lifestyle. She could have left at any time. She arranged the freak off, she called the sex workers. And I just think, yes, that's what they have to argue.


But if you look at the greater context of the proof going in on that case, Maureen, it's just so clear that there was an overlying control that he had of her almost from the very beginning. I think there's no question about that. As for Kid Cudi, it's sort of like, you know, she played me, okay, well you're a grown man, you know, and you're in like a very flashy, fast moving industry. I'm sure she wasn't like your one and only, sorry. Okay. And then the testimony he gave about Sean Combs blowing up his Porsche, This was crazy. Remember when you and I talked about this? We, it was just a rumor, you know, she had made an allegation in her complaint or civil complaint, which he settled the next day, but we didn't know if it was true.


And now you've got the actual singer Kid Cudi on the stand and go ahead. So they, months later, they have a summit, Diddy and Cudi. Okay. The summit was at the Soho house in la Okay. Where everyone has their big sos after, After you blow up my luxury vehicle, let's meet for a cocktail at the Soho House. Talk this out like in an elegant way, Or going soon, You know, so how bad is it? You know, how bad is it now? I believe that the prosecution is putting on a witness, much as the prosecution did in the Harvey case, round one, which went to speaking to how victims of sexual violence or domestic violence often are in love with their abuser. They did, they put on a, a woman who testified in who's who, a few of these cases.


She was a witness in Amber versus Johnny and I, and maybe the Weinstein can't remember the second case. But she testified just in general, she hadn't examined Diddy, but she was testifying to that dynamic in domestic abuse relationships. And I'll never forget the details in Cassie's lawsuit, her civil filing against Diddy, which went to, there were two incredibly violent things. One, he had her get breast implants in LA Oh, that's right. And the day after, he was like, I don't like the way these look. And he took her back to the surgeon and said, remove them and put in different ones. And the surgeon said, I can't, she needs to heal first. And this surgeon then said like, did he made him fear for his life and he did it. He did it. And then the other one was after they left some awards event, he began stomping her face in the back of an SUV.


And the driver slash bodyguard tried to intervene and did, he was like, I'll basic, if I recall correctly, basically I'll kill you if you don't back off, this is my woman and I'll do what I want with her. That Was one of the rare times someone tried to intervene because what we're, what we've seen these past two weeks is people under his employer or under his thumb not intervening and feeling really bad about it, feeling disgusted with themselves for allowing it to happen. But I think they all knew like they were afraid of him. I think So too. You know, They, they didn't know what he was capable of. I think they knew what he was capable of. Right, right. That's the better question. Yeah. Like what was he capable of? I mean, I think, you know, from a legal aspect, I'm really interested in your thoughts because, you know, what I love is that the prosecution has video and you can't lie your way outta video.


Okay. And the jury, seeing those still photos of the freak offs and two members at least visibly recoiled. And it takes a lot for a New York jury to be disgusted. It's true. What do you think the prosecution is building towards? Do you think they are building towards interstate tra sex trafficking? Because other than that, like yes, he's disgusting, but he's not on trial for domestic violence. Well, So it's, it's complicated. I think they've got him on the transportation to engage in prostitution count. Okay. That's the third count. It's only got a year's penalty, but he's got multiple potential offenses on it. But it's the least serious of the charges brought against him. They've had so much testimony that he did, he did pay prostitutes.


You know, she was calling, what, what was it called? Like cowboys for angels. There's some, Maureen, we're not living a big life. Okay. There's a lot, like I said, like I just love one invitation to a sex party party. Just one. Well, we, we went to space and we didn't fake Meghan Markle like true. Maybe next we need to make a phone call to cowboys for Angels and see who shows up. Or The Punisher, maybe we'll Meet him The Punisher. So anyway, they, they, they've proven beyond a doubt that he was engaging in, you know, hiring and transporting prostitutes. But you've got sex trafficking by fraud or coercion is, this is the middle count. And originally I thought that the, the sex trafficking involved, the prostitute and the coercion involved Cassie.


Like, he was kind of forcing Cassie to be in this room. And no question there was a sex worker in there. But I've since come to understand from sources close to the case. That's not it. That it's Cassie who's been sex trafficked in the theory of the prosecutors. Okay. That it's, that they are arguing he by coercion or fraud, et cetera. But I think they're going with coercion forced her to engage in these freak offs. Not every single time. Right? Of course. Of course. But many, many times. And even during certain times, unlike the backend, maybe she was there in voluntarily in the front end, but then, you know, but overall, I think they're gonna argue that right after the beginning of the relationship, things switched to a place where she did not wanna be doing this.


And she was only there because she was afraid of him, or he was threatening her, or she knew she was gonna be publicly humiliated by the tapes getting released or he was gonna beat her again. And so they're arguing, he was forcing her to sex traffic herself in these freak offs. That's the theory. And they're doing a pretty good job. You know, they're, they're doing an excellent job, to be honest there. The defense to it is her voluntarily calling the sex workers, and I use that term right. In quotes, voluntarily wasn it or wasn't it? The jury will have to decide, her texts saying, I can't wait to freak off again. But again, there's another text saying, I I can't wait to freak off. It's great. I love the freak offs when we both want them.


Oh, she said That. Yep. Interesting. And you also don't wonder, like at what point is she just trying to placate him? I love the freak off's. Like, does she, you know, it's like putting an emoji at the end of something and you're just like, whatever. But you know, the other thing is she got with him, I think she was 19 and he was maybe 30 very well established immediately, a power dynamic right there. She's bringing, he's bringing her into this world. There was, there was that little bit of testimony that I thought was really salient that he brought Britney Spears to her birthday party when they first were dating. That was like a flex. He at one point made her shave her head. There are images of her with like half of her head shaved. And she's such a beautiful woman. It doesn't impede her beauty at all.


But I think it was a way of him trying to strip her of that power. She had her own beauty. And then the other thing we were reminded of this week was Wendy Williams. Oh yeah. Saying long ago, everyone in the hip hop community knows Sean Combs is gay. Makes sense. This is what he thinks of women. He's such a misogynist. He beats the shit out of them on the regular. And that he tried to have her fired or successfully had her fired from a gig. And I mean, that's the kind of level of power he was trying to execute all over the place. Like trying to take somebody's livelihood because, you know, I mean, do we Have that soundbite? I thought we pulled that Wendy Williams thing because she got fired from her job for making a comment.


Oh, we do. Oh yeah. She, she was working for Hot 97. Just wanna clarify, my team's saying that that prostitution charge has a, has a 10 year potential sentence. I, I gotta go back and look at that. 'cause I remember looking at this and seeing it was one, in any event, one to 10, let's say. And it, he's 18 years older than she is. So she, I mean, she was a kid. 19. Oh, He's 18 years older. Yeah. Oh, that's significant. And when he met her at 19, he was almost twice her age. I mean, like, that's ridiculous. Not to mention one of the most powerful rich men in music and in the country. Alright, so here's Wendy Williams. This is back in 1998 in the call that got her fired from Hot 97.


So 28. I just wanna know, I mean, every, do you really think that every player is gay or every other player? Is things, are you a little gay obsessed, do you think I'm not gay obsessed and every other would be an exaggeration, but I would say two out of 10. Okay. In, in sports and five out of 10 in music. Okay. Yes. And I don don't think that's gay obsessed. I think that's after being in this business for over 20 something years and seeing things from the inside out and the outside in. So next thing she knows, she's fired. And then again, that was 19 8 9 98. And then she spoke to Howard Stern in 2006 and he brought it up.


Watch this. Did you get fired for making fun of Puffy? Something like that. Something that, well, I listen, you figure it out. Something like that. You, you do the music of what was playing back in 19 80, 19 98 on the majority of every radio station, 25 times an hour. Okay. It's not a denial. And the last, but not least, Diddy went on the Wendy Williams show in 2017. So now we're, you know, many years after her firings, almost 20 years after her firing because of that comment. And he makes some comment about her son, watch this As the mother of a now 16-year-old Who I met backstage, who was, is he did, he's a great, great young man.


Aw, Thank you. Yes. You represent a lot. You can see how awkward she is as soon as she hears they met. And he's now got a visual on the sun. And I would submit to you, Wendy Williams was concerned to hear that the two of them had had an exchange backstage. Well, I think that's very, that clip is really interesting Because it takes a lot to trip. Wendy Williams up. I mean, this is a woman who would get on TV five days a week much as you do and speak extemporaneously, you know? And she, this, this is her world. She's been in it forever. And Sean Combs, you can tell, she's my opinion, that she's taking that as a not so thinly veiled threat.


Okay? You've got your life back now. You've got your job back. Now I allowed that for you. Oh, your 16-year-old son is backstage. You can't tell me she didn't know the stories about Usher, a 14-year-old usher who's fed to him for at least a year in that townhouse who later told Rolling Stone that he would walk around that townhouse and, and peek through bedroom doors that were left open and see orgies happening, you know, the depravity. And you can't, you know, we're all watching Justin Bieber decline before our very eyes. And you know, he, he issued a statement or his people issued a statement this week that said, he's not a victim, please leave him alone. But, you know, I think we're all looking at what seems to be the severity of the collateral damage and, you know, we'll see what else comes out.


You know it when stuff like this happens and people begin, I'm, I'm amazed that Cassie feels emboldened enough at like nearly nine months pregnant. Yeah. Knowing the, knowing this guy, the feds would he, he tried to get bail three times and every judge said no. Yeah. He is a danger to potential witnesses. I mean, and she's the star witness. It must have been important to her because any woman knows that, you know, two weeks from delivery, you know, you're feeling emotional. You're worried about your baby. You don't want that amount of cortisol running through your body. You know, of course when you're about to give birth to another human. And yet she got herself up there and the prosecution knew that she was about to have this kid and that it would be a much different story. She probably wouldn't do it after he or she's born.


Right? So they got her on the stand a word about Bieber and through no particular source. But I will say that a source will, knowledge of Bieber has suggested to us recently that he may have other issues that are causing the public meltdown now having nothing to do with Diddy. And they did put out that statement saying he's not one of Diddy's victims. Now, I wouldn't expect them to say he is one, so take it for whatever it's worth. But it may be that Justin Bieber's got problems with other people that are causing what we're seeing on, on camera. Bottom line for me is don't let your kid become a child star. 100%. Doesn't matter how much money you think you can get.


And doesn't matter how happy you think it will make them. It won't, it won't, it might make them temporarily happy. They're a star. They feel cool. They all crash and burn all crash and burn. I mean, think of it, there's like maybe one example, maybe two Jody Foster maybe. Yeah. If you really search to try to find somebody. But the vast majority, even if they wind up okay in the long run, like a Drew Barrymore go through the Drew Barrymore addict stage where the mother's taking him to parties and they're taking drugs at age eight or whatever her story is. It's just not, it's not worth it. Wanted to go back to the Kid Cudi testimony Because it was very interesting. I do wanna correct something on the morning update today.


Rare mistake. We said the Kid Cudi took the stand on Wednesday and in fact he took the stand on Thursday. Just a clarification, here's what he testified to. He said he met Ventura in 2008 and they were just friends. They started dating around 2011. He thought that they were having problems Ventura and Combs by 2011, that they weren't dating anymore. And Combs told Kid Cudi by phone in December, 2011 that he wanted to talk to him. 'cause he understood there might be something going on with Diddy's girl and Kid Cudi. And so he said he left the hotel he was at with Ventura and went home to his house, kid Cuddy's house. And he found that there had been a break-in directly following the phone call.


Kid Cudi returned home. Combs was not there, however, but he found his security cameras had been moved, gifts he bought for his family had been opened and his dog was locked in the bathroom, which he testified was disturbing to him. After the break in Kid Cudi spent the holidays with Ventura's family and received a few texts from Combs. But the rapper was not interested in talking to him, citing that he believed Combs and he believed Combs was responsible for the break-in said Kid Cudi noting that he filed a police report over it. So he was concerned. Whoa. Right. He, he definitely thought he was being harassed by, by Sean Diddy Combs over this blossoming relationship with Cassie Ventura.


Then this was, okay, December, 2011. Ja, in 2011, January, 2012, Kid Cudi said his dog watcher called him from his home to tell him his car was on fire. I hate when that happens. Yeah, right. I mean, that last time we had that argument over space, next thing I knew my Beamer was gone. I, I don't know anything about it. Looking at the photos, Kid Cudi explained it looked quote like the top of my Porsche was cut open and that's where the Molotov cocktail was put in, causing further damage that could not be salvaged Combs and Kid Cudi then met in person. Oh look, this is the picture for the listening audience. Oh my God. We're looking at his Porsche, which does not look like a Porsche.


I don't even know what that is. And I guess that's the top, is that the soft top of his Porsche? Can't Even, I can't tell if it's a hard top or not. I have no idea. But it do, it no longer looks like a car. Oh, that's the seat. Oh look, that's like the seat that's been, that been on fire. That Looks like a hard top. It looks like shattered glass. That looks like a hard top that's been ripped open. And I guess a Molotov cocktail dropped in. So this is the, the apex of the testimony here. He says finally he asked him for a meeting. He said, I figured I better talk to him that things were escalating. And clearly this guy who is like kind of badass in his own right, was afraid of Sean Combs because he, he didn't know what he was capable of.


But to your point, or did he, he said Kid Cudi arrived to his meeting who was with him and Combs was alone. He said, quote Combs was standing there staring out the window at this Soho house out the, staring out the window with his hands behind his back, like a Marvel super villain. And the pair went on to discuss Kid Cuddy's relationship with Ventura from start to finish. He testified when Kid Cudi asked Combs about the damage to his car, Combs said, I don't know what you're talking about. Kid Cudi didn't believe him. They ran into each other years later, 2015. So three years later at a club, Combs pulled Kid Cudi aside and Kid Cudi said Combs apologized to him.


Kid Cudi added, he found peace with the situation after that Kid Cudi did testify that Cassie Ventura told him there was physical abuse in her relationship with Combs that he would sometimes hit and kick her, which bothered Kid Cudi, but he did not hear about any sexual abuse. But there it is looking like a Marvel super villain. Which by the way, there was no objection to which I would've objected to had I been interesting. Yeah, Sean's lawyer. But that image is now see, it's seared, right? Like Oh yeah. With the hands behind the back. You can picture it. Oh yeah. And I actually would never have assumed that Combs was alone.


He may have been standing alone, but I would assume he's got guys all over that room, or like cameras all over that room. My other question, so first of all, I was talking to the Daily Mail reporter who's in that courtroom every day. And when the, the apology came up, I said, well, did Sean Combs offered to pay him back for no class? Does not exist with this guy on any level. No. You know, I'm sorry I blew up your car, but I'm not gonna give you the money. Okay. Right. But you know, the other thing is sort of like the Kid Cudi stuff is just remarkable to me. Again, I can't believe this guy is testifying. I can't believe he's not afraid. And I can't believe that like Usher's name came in this week.


I, I think there are many other people who are very worried about their names coming in. You know, I go back to this LeBron video that was a, a zoom between him and Diddy and Diddy's on the top panel and, and LeBron's on the bottom. And LeBron is saying, ain't no party like a Diddy party. Hmm. And they're all laughing, you know, I, you know, the, the, the amount of people who knew and you know, to your point the last time we talked about it, like perhaps it's just normalized in that world. Like it's a sex party, it's a sex and drug party and stuff gets crazy and that's it. But I find it hard to like the way Wendy Williams blanched. He just said, oh, I met your kid backstage.


And she, you know, No, it would be terrifying. Yeah. I mean I remember interviewing Vladimir Putin and it was getting tense between us and he mentioned my children. What? Yeah. And I remember like, okay, I see what's happening here. I mean, this is what people do. It's like an implicit threat. It's just letting you know they're aware of what's important to you. And that's all, that's all it takes. You don't have to be more explicit than that. And, and, you know, it's one thing LeBron to know about sex parties. It's quite another to know about beatings, regular beatings, which are illegal.


That is one a, a sex party isn't necessarily illegal. It is technically if you hire sex workers and if you're allegedly trafficking the other participant. But there's no question that repeated beatings, that's a battery, it's an assault. It can be a lot more. And everybody in the Diddy Circle looked the other way. And very few, if any, intervened to help her, they allowed it. Here's the next guy, George Kaplan, former assistant to Sean Diddy Combs. He prior to testifying and without the jury present, invoked his fifth Amendment. Whoa. He was like, I am not saying anything 'cause I will be incriminated. And the prosecution offered him an immunity deal, which he then took, the judge watched him sign it, and once you sign an immunity deal, you can no longer assert the Fifth Amendment.


So he was forced to take the stand. The jury didn't know he had signed that. They, I think they thought he was just there voluntarily. And he testified about three incidents, instances where he witnessed violence from Sean Combs twice with Cassie Ventura in 2015 on Combs private jet. And then another incident later in the year where he said he saw Ventura with visible injuries at one of S'S homes. He testified to witnessing yet another round of violent behavior where he saw Combs throw a number of decorative or real, he wasn't sure which green apples at another girlfriend Hard. He said like really trying to whipper with them. He was unsure if any of them actually hit the woman, but it wasn't for lack of trying.


He said he was the guy during his period of employment where he had to go clean up the hotel rooms after Combs was in there. He was worried that hotel staff would try to sell content from his room to the magazines to try to make money. He gave notice he was leaving in September 15 and finally left in December of 2015 saying quote, the central reason that I left my job as Mr. CO's assistant was that I was not comfortable or aligned with the physical behavior that had been going on that I had seen pieces of over the course of a couple of months. And then there's Myla Morales, former makeup artist for Combs and Ventura who said when she first met Cassie, Cassie was 16.


She was so young. This is three years before. Oh my gosh. She was introduced to Diddy and she was doing her makeup regularly when she signed with Bad Boy records, his label in 2007. And she was like a younger sister to Maya. She witnessed after a party at Prince's House, Ventura and Morales, the makeup artist went back to a hotel room. This is around Grammy weekend, 2010. And Combs made his way to the room where Ventura was closed the door behind him and yelling and screaming ensued. Morales said, when Combs stormed out, Ventura was distraught with a swollen eye, a busted lip and knots on her head. The makeup artist took Ventura to her home where she stayed for a few days. Morales did not call the police because she feared Combs and she feared for her life.


Mm. She had a doctor friend look at Ventura who said she needed to go to the emergency room. Ventura refused the pair, never spoke of the incident again. And there was testimony by another witness that she saw Combs try to hit Ventura with a cast iron skillet that she was making eggs in. And then he whipped a, i I, I don't think I'm conflating my two. There's been so much evidence of abuse, but I think this is the one woman's testimony. He tried to whip a wooden hanger at her head. And then the next thing she knew, Cassie asked to see her. They had lunch together and Cassie had $30,000 for her in a non-disclosure agreement and said, just you're making too big a deal out of it.


And the woman signed the NDA and the friendship ended with Cassie because the woman just couldn't take the amount of abuse Cassie was getting. Yeah. And now she'd been dragged into it. I mean, that's what people like. Look, people who just wanna uncover for Diddy are focusing on the testimony that I've mentioned. You know, that she has emails suggesting she wanted the freak offs from time to time. Right. She testified the lifestyle was important to her and she didn't wanna leave it. And there was some strain of materialism in her. She quote played Kid Cudi and Diddy, which the defense is gonna try to say what kind she's empowered, what what victim who's feeling controlled would cheat on the abuser and be controlling another man. That's where the, but there, there is a tidal wave of evidence that he was abusing her.


Everyone saw it over years. We've covered the whole gamut. This is 15 of this abuse. The 16 intercontinental issue, the 2011 and 2012 stuff. Kid Cudi and ba like it went on for years. And this clearly was not an empowered woman who felt comfortable dealing with him from any position of power. I couldn't agree with you more. I mean, I think one of the things we're coming to terms with as a culture and we're really maturing in terms of understanding the nuances of victims of domestic violence is that there is no perfect victim. There is no, you, you, there is no perfect victim. And the level, the, the violence with which he assaulted her, you know, going for the head so often, he was trying to disfigure her.


He was trying to mar her beauty. And that video that we all saw of him kicking her in that hotel elevator bank slash hallway, that to me is a woman who's been there there so many times before she went limp. She was like a possum. She went like a, she shaped herself like a sea to cover her internal organs. She was just gonna take it as best as she could. I don't know if it becomes kidnapping once she's trying to leave. It does. Okay, great. It does him dragging her down the hall and putting her back in that hotel room is kidnapping right there. Good. I thought so. And then you are not telling me that he's done this to her and there aren't all legion of women out there. He's also done this to Yeah. 'cause guys like this don't do it to just one person.


And that says to me, there are many women out there who are still far too afraid of Diddy to file a civil suit or to raise their hand and say, if you want me prosecution, I'll testify. You know, Well, think about one of the testimonials this week was from the agent who conducted the raid on his Miami home. Two of his homes were rated, and of course it was tons of baby oil and tons of lube. Don't Forget the ar fifteens. Well, that's where I was going. And, and so the guns, he found parts of guns disassembled. He found a fully intact gun in his security shack. And the did he cross examination was basically, you realize he's one of the most well-known figures in the world and people wanna kill him.


And yes, of course he would have an armed security guard around him. But let's not pretend Diddy is not a violent man. For the record, he denies these charges, but he's a violent man. We saw that on that tape. That's why the fact that it is on tape and the jury has seen the level of depravity that this man has when it comes to treating a fellow human being another, a woman who's half his size and half his weight and totally powerless to stop him is so important. We don't have to wonder. Right. He did it right. We saw it. He, he started beating her shortly after they got together in 20 2007. That's what the proof has been. And all the way through this, the the video tape that we watched is 2016.


That's almost 10 years later. Who, who that's empowered, who that has any sort of equality, nevermind equals strength and the relationship stays for nine years of beatings. I don't think they actually broke up until 2018. I mean, if you even just think about the, the humiliation that's involved and how in like how regularly Sean Combs had been beating Cassie in front of other people that he thought nothing of beating her in a public space. Those elevators could have opened at any time when that security guard shows up on that new footage that we've just seen. And I was listening to you talk about 'cause I didn't realize this and it was so enlightening, you know, that's ano.


So I'm like, okay, so a a third party saw this and what happened? What happened? And I believe it was the same security guy who was told we don't do anything about this. And he took video on his own phone Yes. Of the video. Yep. Because he Kind of knew it would disappear. He said he was gonna show it to his wife that he was going home on a Friday and he wanted to show it to his wife. And it was a good thing because by Monday when he got back to work, it was gone. It, the original was gone. And thank God he did tape that. You know, I mean, we never found out who was the source of the CNN leak. That's how we came to know that tape. C Nnn got their hands on it and aired it. And it was a game changer in the narrative around Diddy.


But one presumes he got it from this guy. I mean, I don't know, but where else did it come from? Didn't come from Diddy. We know that. But thank God he got it because we don't, we don't have to wonder what kind of a man he is. Now we don't have to wonder whether this is an Amber heard Johnny Depp situation. Right. We know. We know what kind of a man he is and the evidence is overwhelming. And by the way, a source close to the case told me that it's not going to come down to Cassie because there's so much corroborating evidence that he was a serial abuser, bully kingpin of what looked like a crime ring all around his desire to do drugs, to use illegal prostitutes, to run these freak offs and to bully.


And another word is sex traffic. His so-called love into being the star of his ill conceived sex romps, you know, by threatening her, by threatening her mom, by extorting her, by extorting her mom, by blowing up the cars of anybody she dared try to get away from him with. And by the way, to prove Rico back to the discussion of the elements and the crimes. So we discussed coercion like sex trafficking by coercion. But the big, big claim against him, count number one is Rico racketeering. And for that you have to show two underlying predicate acts. They're called, it's two underlying crimes that your so-called mob boss or crime boss has committed or ordered, committed in the context of this big crime organization.


You're accusing him of running. And typically it's used against crime bosses, but it's been used now in these more lurid sex cases too, like r Kelly and the, the, there are many crimes you can show, but bribery, like offering that security guard a hundred thousand dollars to kill that tape. They've got testimony to prove Bri bribery, kidnapping, we watch that on tape. Right. Assault, we watch that on tape Obstruction of justice. They, there's been evidence of that too. I mean, just if he paid to have that tape Deri destroyed. Right. You know, another hotel worker. Right. Arson. That was one of the ones alleged by the prosecution. And yesterday his defenders were pointing out that Kid Cudi didn't say did he admitted it Well.


Right. But there's something called circumstantial proof in a case. And we've now had Cassie testify that did that, did he did it and did he do it? Did he did it? And, And now, and we've then had Kid Cudi take the stand to say he threatened me. Right. I went home immediately. He had, I believe he had messed with my home and this is why I believe it. And I made a police report at the time. He threatened me again, then my car was destroyed. I had a meeting with him. He said, I don't know what you're talking about. But then three years later, he apologized to me for some unspecified sin. I mean, that's enough for a jury to say.


I believe he did it. I'm convinced, You know what would be enough for me as a juror, the dog. You fucked with somebody's dog. Yeah. You terrified a dog. You know, like your garbage. And the other thing about the Cassie stuff is, and you know that the idea that it's, it's, it's implausible at best to believe that there aren't other female victims out there. You know, there's always been So Al Be Shore, who is sort of a rapper who is involved in this because he was involved with Kim Porter, the First Choice. Did he acts Yeah. Who had several children with him, has a book coming out in September. And there's always been speculation that Kim Porter's premature death at like 35 or 45 from pneumonia was extremely suspicious.


Like a lot of eyebrows in the hip hop community have been raised. I Am extremely suspicious of it. I don't, I don't understand it. She's very young. It just so happens that the woman who is the mother to his children winds up dead at a very young age of a, of an illness that doesn't normally kill 35 or 36 year olds. Exactly. I I'd like to know more. I would too. And you know, there's the whole Tupac and Biggie Smalls. Yeah, yeah. You know, those, I don't know what if, I'm not saying he necessarily committed those, but there's been a lot of speculation about, about what role, if any he had in those too. Absolutely. It's no, it's no accident that after Biggie's death and Diddy back then was going by Puffy and he was always sort of the sidekick, the producer trying to get in the frame as the star.


Once Biggie died, who becomes the torch bearer? It's Diddy who becomes the new hip hop star. It's Diddy who begins like cannibalizing what little is left of the existing Biggie Smalls recordings. It's Diddy. And he made his bones on the back of a far more talented rapper. He just did. And I believe, I believe Biggie Small's mother died within the past year or two. But I think she always had questions about that. The level of wealth with these music moguls, dwarfs almost everything. I mean, you think you're rich, like you think Julia Roberts is rich, right. From her 20, $25 million of film. She's, she doesn't hold a candle to the diddies of the world.


Like you wanna make serious fu money, you either run a hedge fund or you become a music mogul. You're talking like hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars. Especially if you run the label. Right. If you're not just the talent. Right. Like it's those people who sign other people that make all the money. In fact, there was testimony from one of the gals who was part of this music group. Danity Kane. Yes. She took the stand and talked about the same thing. You know how, forgive me 'cause I, I don't wanna screw it up, but I think she was one of the ones who testified how he was abusive and she, she witnessed it. There've been so many that I'm starting to lose track. Yeah. I mean, there've been multiple women now talking about having witnesses abused or experienced it firsthand.


But she also talked about how like they didn't make any money. Like he makes the money. And this is a pattern in music by the way. We'll wait to see whether that has any bearing on what Justin Bieber's going through, because he's had that manager, scooter Braun that had, that Taylor Swift had, that she had the big dispute with. That's kind of an interesting question, but it's a pattern. It's a very exploitative industry, especially amongst those who own the record labels or who other producers. And I just think like the mega f you money and the lifestyle and the trappings and the private jet and the huge estates and flying off to Jamaica or whatever, you know, tropical island. He kept taking everybody to, not to mention Epstein similar pattern.


Right. People get intoxicated just at the whiff of it, Maureen, just at the whiff of it. And it explains in some, in some to some extent, their willingness to look the other way. That plus he was a threatening guy. You know, the last time we were talking about this and you, you, you made a really great point that the kind of fame, first of all the music industry is in like, like, like the film industry can be incredibly predatory because you are dealing with people, you know, the, the biggest sample size of the, of the wannabes are the people who had given an organ for it. Okay. They want it no matter the cost. They, you know, and but you said something about the kind of charisma and star power that is unique to a, a famous musician, a live performer.


And they're becoming more and more rare just because of the way the music industry is sort of, you know, idolized Out tune. Yeah. Yeah. And like the way they come up now, like they don't come up the way they used to. And so the, the, the huge huge stars like a diddy, you know, who who will now be in ruination for the rest of his life. But, you know, I remember being like, back when I worked at MTV as like a baby being at like this after party at like a very small New York City downtown club and there, and the room in the back that was like, like the quote, VIP you know, very, very small. And he walked in and when I tell you the gravitational pull in that room shifted. I mean, you could feel it before you even saw who came in. There is something about them that is just, I don't know if, if it's because they perform live and they develop an, a connection with like an organism of a hundred thousand people in a state that is a unique gift.


Or Lady Gaga just had, was it 2 million people in London? It was, it was one or 2 million people at a free concert she gave. I'm like, that's larger than life. 100%. And to make every person in that arena feel a connection with you, that that is, that that's power. That's power. And you can see when in thinking about how Depraved did he became, you know, I I, this was always my question with Harvey in the beginning, and I would ask every guy I knew, like he could have anybody he wants for the most part, you know, favor trade, whatever, why rape, why violence? Yeah. And they would say, you know, your baseline level of ARMRA like, it, you, you start topping out and you need more, you need more and more depravity to get a dopamine hit.


He needed, He needed to feel dirty. Yeah. That's what got him off. Yeah. But I, I would tell you like, in a weird way, I, I understand the dynamic just because, you know, I've told the story about Roger Ailes and yours truly before, but it's very different. But in some ways similar. And just in that you have this hugely powerful boss, you know, hugely powerful person overseeing your career, who is clearly trying to make, you know, sex with you, the stakes for your advancement. And unlike these women, you know, a lot of them, I had a very strong family background. I had an intact family. I lost my dad at a young age, but his imprint was already very secure on me. And my ID was very strong.


And I couldn't be manipulated like that. Like I, I knew very clearly I was never going to do that. But the music industry preys on people who are vulnerable. I think generally people who are determined to become stars and music are acting are probably very damaged as a rule. Yeah. Yeah. And they're working something out. Yeah. One of the reasons why they think they're gonna get fulfilled by becoming a star and doing this thing. Yeah. A lot of very talented people choose not to go into those industries because they're too, they're too healthy. Yeah. And so they're ripe, they're ripe for the advantage taking. And that's why it's, it's one of the interesting things about the fact that the music industry never had its moment in the Me Too movement. It really never came under the microscope the way Hollywood did the way news did.


You know, no one talked about like what happened backstage at Rolling Stones concerts or Yeah. You know, at a, at a, at a Diddy concert or at a Kanye concert. All right, I gotta take a break. There's so much more to discuss. Maureen's here for the whole show. Isn't it great to have her standby? And don't forget during this break, go and subscribe to The Nerve with Maureen Callahan wherever gets your podcast and go to sign up on YouTube as well.


Trust in the media is at an all time low. And let's be honest, it's no mystery why we have all seen how stories are twisted, buried, or outright ignored depending on who's in charge or what narrative they want you to believe. But now there's Ground News, an app and website that gathers related articles from around the world in one place highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Ground News created their blind spot feed to expose important stories receiving lopsided coverage, and reveal how media narratives shape the conversation. And now you get 40% off the same unlimited access to their website and app through the Vantage plan, which you can use to find the truth. Ground News is independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check 'em out at Ground News dot com slash Meghan. That's G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/ Meghan to take back control of the news you consume.


Here with me today, Maureen Callahan, host of The Nerve with Maureen Callahan. It's part of our MK Media network and it's crushing it You can go to the nerve show.com to subscribe the nerve show on YouTube and the nerve on all podcast platforms. Maureen has decided with her listeners and viewers to name her followers The Troublemakers. I heard that and I approve. Well, I'm glad that you do. They all also helped come up with the name. There was a lot of discussion, very lively, and it was really fun. And yeah, they all like it. And you know, it's like this show is so much fun. It's fun on so many levels and it's so much fun to do it.


And it's the same thing when I'm with you. Like every time I come on your show, you know, we finish a conversation and I turn, I'm like, that was an hour. It feels like 15 minutes. Yep. And it feels the same way doing the nerve. It feels like 15 minutes. And if I just want 15 more and 15, you know, I've gotten so many nice notes from people saying basically you've changed my listening and viewing habits of news now. Like they're listening to you, they're listening to Halper, or they're listening to Link. And like, these are new voices who they only heard occasionally, who they're now addicted to. I don't think he'll mind me saying, but Glenn Greenwald sent me a note saying, thank you for introducing me to this wonderful creature about you. Oh my God. He loves the show. Oh, it just goes to show even people who are totally hardnosed, you know, hardnosed news, people can, you know, we all need an escape and some fun and like some salacious gossip every once in a while.


100%. And my favorite feedback, which like is like, so like truly humbling is like people who write and say, you know, I moved to, I moved to a new town and I feel lonely. I don't have friends, but like, I tune into your channel and I look at you talking to me. It's like a FaceTime with a friend. Oh, you know, it's like that kind of stuff where it's like, it just feels very communal and like we're all having, we're all seeing the same thing and we're all like now just being able to say like, yeah, this is all nuts. This is all nuts. When I watch the show, I constantly find myself saying my daughter's favorite word, which is real. That's what the kids say now when you say something that's true. Real, real. And the, we pulled a clip from the nerve, the latest show, and I said it after this.


Here's Maureen talking about all the lies that Hollywood's most beautiful women. Tell us about how it was just an effortless course to such beauty. And this one is about Jennifer Aniston. Here it is. Jennifer Aniston, one of the most beloved celebrities in the country. She does it too. She lies about it from an InStyle Magazine article in 2024. Oh, Jen, you know, she just like drinks a lot of water and she gets a lot of rest and she eats really well. She eats really clean. Okay. I'm gonna tell you guys firsthand that I have, I know a doctor who recently worked with somebody very close to Jennifer Aniston, that Jennifer Aniston recently had what is called a bilateral, what's it called?


It's a bilateral, like lower facelift. So they go in with cameras on both sides, like under the cheekbones, and they go in and they just lift here. They just lift here. And what it winds up doing is it winds up stretching the mouth out like that. And you can't reverse it. And, and it's, it's a bad procedure to have done no matter who you are, no matter what your bone structure is because it's not working with the rest of the face. We, we have to try that. Hold on a second. Does it look good? How Do I, yeah, it looks great. Yeah. It never look better. Also, people Are getting their top lip flipped up. They're getting their lip flipped up. It's like they're the attempt to do the, the Kylie Kardashian big lip, but without huge injections.


And it looks terrible. Ter don't mess with your lips. No. Especially like the space between your nose and your Kylie Jenner, Kylie Jen, Lauren Sanchez. Oh, Lauren Sanchez. I, I don't know. She needs to step away, step away from the needles. I, there was a picture of her in Paris that was published recently that was horrifying Because it gets to the point where they do so much pulling and stretching and filler and Botox. Like you, you, you, I feel like they lose any sort of tissue and you just see skin on bone. Well, and then you Know what, you get not to be cruel, but like, you get some weird bumpiness. Yes. Have you seen it? Yes. Like there's Some weird bumpiness that it's almost like the tell, I think that they've had a facelift or I don't know, is that filler left? I don't know what that is.


I don't know what that is. But my doctor friend who can diagnose this stuff a mile away is always sort of like that. So that thing that Jen Aniston had, she Said allegedly, Allegedly had, is not reversible. There's no doctor you can go to now, allegedly. Remember when De Moore did that Pat? It was horrifying. Horrifying. And her face was like, It was like the Balenciaga or something like that. Yes. And she Looked like an alien, like her chi. So my doctor friend told me, I thought that was Ms. Dun filler. It was a botched facelift. And she said everybody in their community knows the doctor in New York City allegedly who did that to her and knows the doctor in New York City allegedly who fixed it. Yeah. I mean, you'd have to, I can't believe she went out and about in the world with me neither with that terrible facelift.


Me. I mean, it looked awful. I don't know. I think Demi Moore is probably like kind of addicted to all the plastic surgeries because there's been so many reports about like doing the arms and doing the legs and doing like the crotch and like, you can get all the, I mean, not crotch specifically, but you remember when she came out, was it for GI Jane or whatever, but she kind of had a resurgence after a low period in her career. Right. And she looked, you know, 15 years younger. Yes. And there were all these reports, which she denied. They never confirmed them that she'd had everything operated like hikes in the arms and hikes in the legs and hikes in, I don't know. A friend of mine had the leg lifted, like the leg so that the knees don't look old. And she said, don't get that, because she said she laughingly said, I've got such bad scars now on like my bikini line that I can never ever leave my husband.


Oh my God. Or like, wear a, a bathing suit that doesn't have like a, a Right. A matronly skirt. Right. Or like the, you know, the boy shorts now only, I guess. Oh My God. She was, she's very open about what she's had done and she had me in hysterics talking about this. Oh my God. But anyway, the, this nonsense of it's just my water, that, that is a bridge too Far. I love it. And in that segment, I closed with my favorite example of recent years, which was Giselle bur Giselle burka. Giselle Chen in a burka outside her, a bur head to toe burka outside her plastic surgeon's office in Paris. Yes. Okay. And then five years later she, you know, she, she issues all these like cookbooks and like, you know, I'm, I'm so pure, everything's pure and I ride horses and it's just the sun and my athleticism and it's not Yeah.


It's not, it's such a line of bullshit they sell to women and I hate it. It makes, it's designed to make us all feel terrible about ourselves. Yeah, that's right. And their own ins, they won't own their own insecurities and they perfect. Confess it. Well, they're perfect. Right. They just, just born that way. They Just born that Way. So on the knees, you know, as you get older, of course your skin does Yeah. Does start to drape. And the knees are a tell. And I recently saw a picture of Cindy Crawford and one of Melania Trump where they both have the knee like starting to sag. And I thought, thank God, you know, it makes you feel better. I have it too. I did, I did like three years ago, have a laser tried out on my knee. You can do that. Yeah. The, my derm was like, yeah, you know, we could try that. And I'm like, okay, sure. It hurt so badly. She gave me nitrous oxide while she was, I had to go on laughing gas.


It hurt like a mofo It did make the knee look better. I'm not gonna lie. But then it goes right back. You know, they can Do amazing things with lasers these days. Yeah. I had a recent laser, I'm gonna say maybe six months ago. And I was like, I have a pretty high pain tolerance and this thing I, this was, this was killing me. It was killing. I was like, they were like, well, next time we could give you Valium. I was like, you should have started with that. Yeah. Right. Open me. Why did you hold out? See, that's what I love. I love the lasers and I recommend the lasers and I strongly oppose filler. You just look weird. It just makes you look weird. It doesn't make you look younger, by the way. There's no woman who's stuffed up with filler who you're like, oh, she's 30 when she's 50. Nobody thinks that. No. And I think you have to go to a doctor.


I love my germ because she's like, if you want something and I think it's too much or wrong for you, I'm going to say no and I'm gonna say no again. That's what you need. You can go to somebody else. What you know, because I do think you can, once you start, it's like when you're renovating a house, right? Once you start seeing what's wrong and got corrected, all you can see sometimes are imperfections. You know? And your skin is like, so gr like, I'm like kind of in awe of like how you're, you know, and I love that you're open about lasers and extensions and like all this stuff. Like, yes. I will say well done filler. Like I have gotten filler under my eyes for maybe the past five years. Oh. And it can, if it's done well, it can really correct. Like if you're beginning to feel like you're losing The hollowed out feeling A little bit.


But the side effect of it is that you don't really need concealer anymore. Oh, it gets rid of the dark Circle. No, now you're talking to me. Wait, does it hurt to get needles in that? Not really. No. Really? You just get numbed up. You just get numbed up and you wait 30 minutes. That's a have An artist that's such area. She's a genius. Oh, what can I say? Dr. Jessica Wiser and soho. Okay. Very nice. She got, she got the shout out. Well, I do love the lasers and I've told the audience, I try to get two Fraxel a year, once every six months. And honestly I just had one, I just had one last week. Really? You couldn't even tell I was on the air. You couldn't tell that I had no, I was post Fraxel. You don't really have much downtime. You don't if you, if you don't go like too crazy with it. And then in between the Fraxel I'll have this little, it's called a pico and a clear and brilliant from time to time.


What's a pico? It's nothing. I mean, it's a nothing burger. There's no downtime. It doesn't hurt. I don't even know really if it does anything to be honest. But I do think these are the reasons that my skin stays looking good. And that way more than like filling in lines gives you I think a more youthful appearance. Right. And it's not invasive. You know, I'm never gonna get that crazy ass. You're bloody faced for 10 weeks. No. Or a one month. I can't remember. But I remember it was o the ot, the O2 anyway, COC O2 laser where the doctor, I had a new derm and she was like, have you ever had that? And I'm like, no. And she goes, is that something you'd be interested in? And I was like, I don't know, should I be? She goes, well, do you have young children?


I'm like, well, I have children. Why? She was like, you, you basically couldn't see them for like three weeks. So I'm sure you got it. I'll come back when I'm 70. Yeah, yeah. Did not get it. So, no, I only like the ones that there's really not a lot of downtime on. And they work great. They work Great. They do work great. And I also love, I love, like my aging goals are women who age gracefully. Like, I don't know if you've watched Emily in Paris. I don't. No. Okay. There's this older French actress who's on that show. She's so stylish and she's so cool. And she's so obviously in her mid fifties she has lines, her skin is, is kind of sagging. But she has so much confidence and so much style. You're just like, I wanna be her.


Yes. I wanna be that person. I don't wanna be the person who looked like I came from a wind tunnel, you know? And I'm like 60 years old. Like, I don't Want that. No, no. And like even Jane Fonda, it's like, I know Too much. I know, I know. I don't wanna cut into my face when I'm 80. No, God, I wanna, like, I'm watching this series, which I highly recommend, by the way, if you don't have Brit box, you can get it on Amazon Prime. And it's so fun. It's got British crime series and Doug and I love that stuff. Oh, I love that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So we just finished watching. I like the pronoun, I comma Jack Wright. Okay. W-R-I-G-H-T. So good six episodes. I have to warn you, they do wind it up on episode six, but not fully. So you don't have that. Like everything is explained feeling, but didn't change my thorough enjoyment of every episode.


Notwithstanding that fact. And in it, one of the stars is, forgive me, I should remember her name. I think it's, it's Gemma, is it Gemma Jones? She starred in sense and sensibility as the mother of the two young women. And she starred in Bridget Jones diary. Okay. Okay. As Bridget Jones' mom, you'd know her in a, a heartbeat if you saw her. And she's an older woman now. She's, you know, elderly. She looks great. She's beautiful, she's old. You're allowed to age in Great Britain in a way, you're not here. Yes. Yes. And this is how I want to look when I am in my eighties, like in like a pretty eighties something year old who is old, but like attractive. There's an elegance in not doing that to yourself.


Yes. It's a level. It, it, it's, it's a le it shows a level of self-confidence. And it shows like we all wanna look, most of us really wanna look our best. But like it shows, it also shows a, a sense of humility. You know, time comes for us all. Yeah. Age comes for us all. Yeah. You know, and you could be Jane Fonda and you could go out in a wig allegedly and pull your face back, but you're still 80, 85, you know? Yeah. Like we all know that. We all know it. We all know it. Meanwhile, Doug and I were laughing because he only goes to the derm for like skin cancer removal stuff, you know, and he's so the opposite of me. He went and had like, whatever, removed from his face and they put a bandaid on his temple and he went and did his show dedicated with Doug brunt with the side that had the bandaid on facing camera.


I Like Doug. I would never, No, never. He has no vanity. He is like, oh, well he is very different from, from me. Okay, let's keep going. 'cause there's so many good things in the news that I wanna get to. We mentioned Lauren Sanchez. She posted, or no, she didn't post. She was in the tabloids for this picture of Jeff Bezos smacking her thong wearing bottom on their yachts. This is, I submit to you a total setup with the paparazzi because there's another one of her with her arms up stretching, showing off the backside with the thong up the rear. She totally either knew they were there or set it up.


And she's prancing around Paris. And here's some pictures of him smacking her bottom. Okay. You're young and virulent. Jeff Bezos. Look, look at this with her in the bottom right. That is totally posed. And then you've got these pictures of her ridiculous bachelorette party prancing around Paris. I've never seen Ka Perry look worse. She goes out, Katie Perry, there's, she was caught by the tabloids walking out of her hotel with like, there's no bra on Maureen. She's wearing like, I don't know what this getup is. It's like a leotard with pantyhose. It's almost like Bianca esque, where there's very little clothing.


Ooh. Like the time, as you said, comes for us all. Yeah. And when you're past a certain age, you need a bra. Yeah. Sorry. But you do. Yes. You know, especially if you've had children. Yes. To believe she has. 'cause things are supposed to be pointing straight out. Start to be pointing down. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And most Of us will wear appropriate clothing so that we're not drawing too much attention to these issues. But Katie Perry seems to be going through a midlife crisis. A 100% these vga, I I, this is where, this is one of the few times that I feel ashamed to be an American. These, these are Americans. Bulgarian parading through Paris. I read they went to a restaurant called Lafayette and they ordered a bunch of like gross American food that was probably not on the menu.


Just a call back to the Diddy thing, one of the most disgusting details to come out this week. He prefers his burgers with applesauce on them. Ew. I know, I know. It's disgusting. Who came up with that disgust thing? That is not a thing for him. It's, it's disgusting. But anyway, these two that, that image of Bezos slapping like that reminded me of the Jenny from the block video. Remember Ben Affleck on the boat slapping? Yes. Oh my gosh. She was like, and I think they're trying to reenact this, this thing. But my main theory about Lauren Sanchez is I think she's paying a very high price to become the Miss Next Mrs. Jeff Bezos. I do not think this is fun at all. I think she has to keep her body in a certain condition. I think she has to have a certain number of surgeries.


I think she has to look a certain way. My opinion, just my opinion. It is Jeff Bezos's Revenge of the Nerds small dude syndrome. Like I have a pneumatic sex doll. Totally. And I parade her around and she does what I want. And that visual right there, I'm smacking her bottom. Isn't It? A Little, it's disgusting. Kanye, Bianca Esque. Yes. I think abs I agree with you 100%. It's Kind of a couple parallels there. So speaking of our fellow astronauts, Gayle King is suffering some blowback from her trip to space. And not just in the form of blonde origin, which you must check out on our YouTube channel, if you have not yet seen it. It is our full parody of the Blue Origin debacle and the moronic narcissistic women who were on that ride.


But in the news today is, let me get, I wanna, 'cause I wanna quote from it, is the fact that there's blowback against Gail and others at CBS for that absurdity, hold on a second. Was that in the AM update? You guys like our real am update? Oh wait, this is the, I'm I've got the wrong paper in front of me. Sorry. I have so many papers when I come to air that I sometimes screw it up. I'm gonna find it. Oh, that's so many papers and so little time here. I think I found it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The Daily Mail. Okay, first of all, CBS news is Implo including Yes. Yes. They, they fired Wendy McMahon, the president, the executive producer of CBS of 60 Minutes quit.


Now there are rumors that both Gail and Scott Pelley could be on the way out. There was a report the other day that Gail was told they are not paying her her $10 million salary anymore. She has no viewers there. It's not worth it. And you know she's not gonna work for free Maureen, like for 7 million. These are the reports. But now there's this via the Daily Mail inside the vicious CBS news blood bath where staff are fighting, crying and resent Gayle King tensions are running particularly high about reports that CBS's Parent Company, paramount is preparing to slash 500 million in costs in preparation for the lucrative merger with Skydance Media against the backdrop of a ratings free fall.


And there might be more exits to come. Multiple sources told the Daily Mail that 60 Minutes hosts Scott Pelley could be on the way out. It's marque name after marque name. I mean, let's not kid ourselves there, there are no Marky names there. People don't want to say it out loud in the office. But the entire space debacle really hurt us. Oh, did it set a 60 minute staffer, Gail being part of that? Not a good look for our brand. You know what, you should have listened to us. 'cause we could have told you that immediately. I think a lot of people resent Gail for it. I know I do. But the most, that's them, not me. But the most palpable impact appears to have been felt at 60 Minutes where staff have compared the atmosphere to a sinking ship.


The tension spilling out into the open with blazing rows in the office, rouse in the office over story coverage and petty squabbles concerning seating plans. Sources stole the Daily Mail fights and loud ones said the insider, you can hear them in the halls. People are arguing over everything and anything from big things like how to report stories to small things like who is sitting where in the conference room. So it's not going well. It's not going well. I have two Scott Pelley observations and then I'd like to say something about Gail Scott Pelley once Asai a page six reporter who dared to talk to him. This is back when I was post on the red carpet. He was on a red carpet.


He was doing interviews. I believe he had just been canned as Anchor nightly News Anchor. Yep. And they had the temerity to ask him about that. And he, he spat, he fairly spat at them. Like you wouldn't last two minutes inside the halls of CBS news. And I'm like, Scott Pelley wouldn't last two minutes inside the New York Post newsroom. Oh hell no. I promise you. Okay. And then my other thing about Scott Pelley is, you know, he's on 60 Minutes now and he talk, he's always talking like with lock jaw. Yes. And Then like he does have a lock jaw. He does this and then he takes his glasses and he'll put them on like this and then after he asks the question, he takes them off. Oh, he writes it like this. It's like William Hurt and broadcast News's. Done. Thank you. I it is very cathartic to get that out. Very cathartic. And then, so Gail, I feel like Gail is, is to CBS news.


What? Don Lemon was to CNN. And I knew Don Lemon was over before he began tanking. Do you remember that image of him on a red carpet during fashion week? It was right around COVID after I'm, I'm sure I blocked it out. He's on a red carpet. There are photographers, like in a semicircle. He's standing there in like a $5,000 suit with like a $10,000 coat caped over him. And he is showing his hands like this and all the rings on his fingers. Ew. And I was like, this guy thinks he's a major star. And CNN is the backdrop rather than you're the journalist. Yeah. And that is your outlet. And Gail's right now in the same level of delusion, she's the star in CBS is just lucky to have her. Yes. My opinion. Can I tell you something else that happened at the time?


100. Yeah. This is an amazing moment. So, you know, you have to wait in, in the line to, to get your red shot, your red carpet shot. And I was gonna get that red carpet shot. 'cause that was the reason to be there. You know, like, I just felt like it was an f you bitches moment to like my old pals at N bbc. It was just kind of nice from that standpoint. So I was waiting and we were in front of, we were right behind. I, I am for forget, you know, I don I know nothing about the music industry, which I, I'm learning as I try to talk about the Diddy, the Diddy trial, but I know very little, but a big star, big music star and his wife. And we'd all been waiting our turn. But this guy forgive me for not knowing his name, but he was like the marquee talent for the night.


And everybody knew who he was, but, but not me. No, it wasn't Miles Smith. It was another guy. Keep going. No, it wasn't Ed Sheeran. No, it wasn't Ed Sheeran. It was a different guy. Anyway, whatever. Okay. They stopped. So we're all filing in from the, the left of the red carpet and waiting in line. I was in behind Priyanka Chopra. Okay. Right. So she's pretty well known. Everyone's waiting as we inch up and it's almost like our time to go out there. They stop our procession from, from the left side because clearly some big star is coming over from the right. I'm like, what is it Tom Cruise? Who is it? It is gonna be like somebody.


We'd all be like, oh, of course. Yeah. Okay, fine. You know, security demands that they get in and get out. It was fucking David Muir. Get the fuck out. Oh, David Muir, who by the way, you know, like Mariah Carey has only ever shot from one side all once you see it, you can't unsee it. Yeah. He's only so, so. Oh, and he's and he's that way. Oh, he's that way. No, he's, this is, so he sits at the anchor desk like this. Ah, and he never moves. He's like a statue. He never, so, and then what's great is when he has to parachute into a war zone or a natural disaster, you better fucking get him from the side. Only doesn't matter how many dead bodies are in the background. No, this side. This side. And bring my waist cinch. Oh, right. Don't forget my God, forget my waist. Don't forget that.


I couldn't believe. I'm like David Muir, you've got to be kidding me. That is such an insult to you, Meghan, and it's such an insult to you. It insult to me. It was, but it was an absurdity by him. I mean, honestly, like he should have been embarrassed. Everybody was expecting some truly a-list talent to come in there. And we are all like David Muir. Everybody in line was like, you've got to be fucking kidding me. Just the fact that he would do it is kind of humiliating. But he did it. Okay. So that was that. Okay. Oh, Scott Pelley, we can't leave this subject without showing you Scott Pelley at Wake Forest. I don't know why Wake Forest would invite Scott Pelley and sick him on their graduates with, as you accurately point out, I've never heard it said.


Right. Like you did lock jaw. He does have the lock jaw. That's not happening with the glasses. So here he goes to speak to these poor graduates who are his captive audience. And keep in mind when you hear this clip of the free speech crackdowns that we suffered during COVID under Joe Biden, right when he took over and how we got censored, if we said try Ivermectin or hydroxychloroquine. Right. Or if you said COVID started in a lab. Yes. And it wasn't natural origin if you said it's causing serious side effects like myocarditis, all of the crackdowns, right. That we've had on free speech, the disinformation dozen where they actively worked with social media to censor regular Americans where he sick the FBI on parents said school board meetings, if they were saying the wrong things and now, now is the time Scott Pelley would like to throw a word out there for free speech and listen to him do it.


But in this moment, this moment this morning, our sacred rule of law is under attack. Journalism is under attack, universities are under attack. Freedom of speech is under attack. And insidious fear is reaching through our schools, our businesses, our homes, and into our private thoughts. The fear to speak in America, oh my God, the Wake Forest class of 1861, they did not choose their time of calling.


The class of 1941, did not choose the class of 1968. Did not choose history, chose them. And now history is calling you, Oh my God. The class of 2025. So that's the Civil War, world War II and the Civil Rights movement. That's what, that's the same moment we're in now as free speech is under attack and universities are under attack and somebody's private thoughts are filled with fear. I believe he speaks of himself. And that's his inspirational message to the class of 2025 at Wake Forest University. He Seems like a fun time, doesn't He?


Good time. Like that's, that's exactly what I wanna hear as I'm going out into the world and about to embark on my life. And it should be the most optimistic, hopeful time. And those are like, I'll say this, like my, my commencement speech speaker, you may be surprised, was Cornell West. And I freaking loved his speech. I bet he was good. He was so great and it was so joyful. And he was like, you're going out into the world and it's like all yours and like go. It was just amazing. You know, it was so inspirational. And he really captivated everybody. And this is like, okay, there's no free speech. You're talking to kids who are running college campuses as they see fit. You wanna tada have it. Yeah. Like what is he talking about? Yeah. Well, and it's just so ironic. It's like universities are under attack as the federal government tries to enforce Title vi, which doesn't allow open displays of antisemitism on campus.


It's literally the law that they must step in. If a college allows Jews, for example, to be openly harassed like Columbia has, like Harvard has, it's just that nobody else would enforce these laws prior to Trump. Right. And now he's upset Yes. Because he doesn't like that. But by the way, where was he when the federal government was in interfering, like I say, with parents trying to protect their children, when the federal government was interfering with police departments across this country who had done nothing wrong, but were getting harassed by President Obama and then President Biden setting up fake consent decrees to try to make them answer to Joe Biden in their law enforcement or Barack Obama and their law enforcement, which thank God harm Dylan.


Now Deputy at the DOJ has just undone. He didn't care. He wanted them scrutinized, he wanted government interference. Then when it ran right in line with his own ideology For that matter, where was Scott Pelley and his ilk as all of this stuff we're learning about now when the press was either complicit in or very happy to be told, everything's fine here vis-a-vis Joe Biden. Right. Nothing to see here. Now we're learning in the, in that Jake Tapper book, hunter Biden was one of the people making crucial decisions. Right? Like, that was the punchline. Oh, who do you think it is behind the scenes? Like Hunter that degenerate? Yeah, it was, it was Hunter and Jill And Jill who's really emerging as one of the worst, most terrible first ladies in US history.


100%. It was interesting, I have to say to see Sally Quinn of the Washington Post and was married to Ben Bradley, the famous, famous editor of the Washington Post for many years. And who he was much older than she was. It's what she's still around and got dementia. So she does know a thing or two about being married to an elderly, somewhat infirm man. At least he was in his later years. He was, you know, a giant of the press when he was younger. And then she went on this podcast with Tara Paul Mary, and listened to what she said in SAT eight. Well, honestly, I blame Jill Biden for this. Jill Biden is his wife. And if Jill Biden has stood up, had gone to him and said, Joe, you can't do it.


And if you do, you're on your own. I'm out. He wouldn't have run he, because he couldn't have done it without her support. And, you know, she clearly was in favor of his running. And I, I just think it would've terrible disservice to the country. I felt sorry for Joe Biden because I didn't think she was protecting him. She wasn't protecting him from himself. And after that hideous debate, the after right after the debate, they're in the spin room and she got his hand up in their victory. Victory. We won, we won. It was great. Great. And the next day he's off in North Carolina making a victory speech. I thought, what were they watching? It was, I thought it was just elder abuse Really?


What, what they were going through. Wow. Yeah. I think everybody was horrified that he was put in a position where he was allowed to run by his staff and by his wife. Yeah. You got it. Get the suggest people felt still it was his. So even she now, even the left is trying to, is starting to come to terms with the fact that this looked very much like elder abuse by Jill Biden. Yes. You know, it, it, it's so galling that okay, there's, she and Joe went on the View like two weeks ago and they knew this book was coming out. So, you know, Joe's trying to shore up his legacy as one of the greatest presidents ever.


And losing his train of thought as he does. So he is like, right. And Jill's grabbing him going, well, let me just tell you that he was working 24 hours a day and you know, he's reading his briefing books and he's taking phone calls and I'm in bed with my novel. But there he is and he's just, you know, blah blah blah. And it's all a lie. We all know it's a lie. You know. And then of course they make the announcement about the cancer diagnosis like two days before the tapper book is like officially published. But most of the media has seen it and like is talking about it and it's so disgustingly cynical. And then so the view after they, after they allow this prov toes display at their table, and they're happy to do it because they're all team Joe, right? Oh yeah.


Team Jill, team Dr. Jill. So Bob Iger reportedly, and then the head of a b, c news have a come to Jesus meeting with them. The ho the host of the View this Brain Trust. And they say, listen, you gotta back off this anti-Trump stuff. Like it's boring. You're dividing, you're losing half of half of the country. More than half knock it off. And so Anna Navarro Yeah. Who there, there's not a name. She doesn't love to drop. She and Sonny Hostin are always like elbowing each other who's closer to, you know, so Unattractive. She says, I won't do it. I will not, I don't care if you're Bob Iger, I don't care. I I will not, I'm going to stay. You know, so she's probably Do people wanna hear our opinions? She said on politics, they want Oh, she said that.


Yeah. They want to hear from us on politics. Do they? I I, you know, it's a hate watch for me at best, but I, yeah, I, I'm, I can barely gut it out, you know? Yeah. Barely gut It out. It's amazing that we're actually running these people like Whoopi Goldberg's political analysis. Okay. I don't know how we got to the point where that what became relevant. We do it just to make fun of them. 'cause they're very funny in an unintentional way. Yeah. But we'll see whether they do back off of all of this. All right, we're gonna take a break and when we come back, you may remember about, I don't know, was it like six weeks? Six weeks ago or so, Maureen and I, before there was Blonde Origin, there was with Love Meghan. It was our parody on the Meghan Markle absurd Netflix series, which is her trying to be a Martha Stewart type and failing miserably.


Well, we have a part three. It's short. You're gonna enjoy it. And even Maureen has not seen it. We will show it to you next. And if we have time after that, we gotta bring you the update on Bill Belichick. Don't go away.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It's a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place because of its amazing water for boating, swimming, fishing, and drinking. Today clean water is endangered by toxic algae. You may have heard of red tide or blue green algae. It can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, President Trump signed a law to solve this problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida. President Trump said, after years of rebuilding other nations, we're finally rebuilding our nation. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser, says that would be good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project at Everglades Foundation dot org.


I'm Meghan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Meghan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


For those of you who haven't seen Parts one and two, they're also on our YouTube feed, but we decided to put a parody together of the Meghan Markle ridiculous Netflix series with love Meghan, where she tries to reinvent herself as some sort of Martha Stewart type, doing the most ridiculous basic things, like literally pouring pretzels from one bag into another. And we've been having so much fun at her expense. All of you asked for more. And indeed we do have a short but worth it. Part three. Here it is. Previously on with love, Meghan. Oh my God. Hi.


Hi. You look amazing. You look even broader. I'm doing something really generous for you and you're going to absolutely love them. And then I just dumped them. Wow. Just like that. It's very important for me to put a little fruit in my bubbly. I think it elevates it. Cheers, dear. I think people are happier when they're around me. If they're intoxicated, Finally I can breathe again. I've got it. One pot pasta is happening. I'm not reading. I mean, I have this in the head. You don't need to see that. Labels Aren't important to me. Maureen.


The one pan that's important. 12 ounce cherry or grape tomatoes. Normally we get these from my garden, but it's not the season for tomatoes. You're gonna put that in the pan. Just, you're just gonna lay that flat in the pan. It looks like little green pearls. Green pearls. Green pearls. Green pearls. Girls. Green pearls. Girls. Oh, so Where'd you grow up? I'm from originally Los Angeles. And then, you know, by way of Northwestern wound up back in Los Angeles. Oh, okay. Yeah, I just came back here because I have a natural connection to it. What I really wanted to do was direct my lifestyle blog, the time on dealer, no deal in which I was obviously the most coveted, looked after model.


And then ultimately I moved on to acting after that. I met Dee, we fell in love. I became a princess. I moved into a cat. Maureen, Sorry, sorry, sorry. I, it's, you know, it's a lot. It's, I, I just, I can't absorb the enormity of your life. I don't even, maybe you Should put the drink down so you could pay better attention. All right. We have things to do into the pan. Didn't I tell you food is my love language. It's probably my love language. I'm not looking at a recipe. I've got this in my head. That's another thing that makes me special. We scattered some, some greens on there. This Is fresh from my garden. Pay no attention to that sticker. I don't know how that got out. Oh, my dog just got in our pool and there's the pool man trying to get him out.


And he's all wet now. No. Okay. Standby. Be right back. Strudwick. Oh, Strudwick. Sorry. Oh, you wet in the pool, didn't you? No, no bad boy. Don't let him rub up against you. Oh God. You're good. Just don't rub up against anybody. He's very wet. It's been a while and I kind of feel like it might be time for an outfit change. I think We should both change this time part of our love language. Yes. That's exactly right. Right. I could use a break. Anyway, so this is perfect timing.


Oh, fabulous. I just threw it On You. Of course. Naturally. I mean, this is really what I'm comfortable in most of the time. I prefer to come home after a long day and just slip into something a little bit more elevated, if you will. Yes. We're going to make a special fruit medley. It took my producer like three hours to pull the fruit together from the grocery store. So that's done. Moms, you can just whisk right over to your garden and then the whole Foods, and then the Trader Joe's, and ideally the farmer's market. And you two can come up with totally organic, natural, regenerative product like I have here. Let's get washing, Let's go.


I think this is a very relatable thing that you're doing here. That's what I am. I'm relatable. I'm just like everyone else. No, they point down, point down. That's how I do it. Okay. Which means it's the best, the Best way. All right. So this is just what I do. I just whip this up. In the mornings, you Could do this with one small row for your kids for breakfast, Ideally in your white cashmere. It's just fruit. It's just presented in a different way. An early rise might really help like three or four. There's Real delight in being able to be a present parent With a nanny. Right, Right. Of course, of course. You've gotta be able to just like go with the flow. When you're a Working Mom, you'll have to work. We all Have a lot of stuff to do.


If you literally have seven hours to devote to your breakfast charcuterie, you're gonna wow 'em this gorgeous. It's so sweet. Nailed it. Nailed it. I can't wait to watch the children eat this whole thing. Do you have children? Where's my drink? I don, could you please pass my, my drink? I'm not sure why it's so far away. My God. It's exhausting being her ready. And voila, actually looks delicious. Let's find out whether it is.


Here we go. Oh, get all of the goodness in there. Not bad. Not Bad. Not bad. Well, This has been so lovely, So happy to have you here. My dear, dear. Close long life long friends. I am so happy I could come and help you in your pursuit of joy, elevation, and perfection. Nailed it. Nailed it. Wick.


Ah, I was wondering, wondering, wondering if you were going to use the black tie looks that we Did. Yes. We had to. My recollection of that was somehow St. Strudwick jumping in the pool and you going out in the black tie. Look. Did I misremember that? I guess it, yeah. I I thought that was what happened too. But now looking at the tape. No, I was still in my first outfit for listen audience. In the end there, we changed into full black tie gowns and furs. So stupid series has changing outfits every two minutes. Like one does when one has a friend over. Exactly. Like when, and especially like one does when one's trying to prove how relatable they are.


Yes. You know, that you're not constantly switching in and out of trying to sort of one up each other with your look, your look that Meghan did not understand the, that word allegedly, but yeah, no, that's what you do. And I think that, you know, it wa it wa it was a day Meghan, it was a Day. I, I think the whole, the whole thread of that one was she keeps having all these so-called friends coming on her show. And it's very clear as you watch the show, she knows nothing about her friends. And that's why you're my lifelong friend. But I was like, you know, where'd you grow up? Do you have any children? Exactly. Like what's what, what, what is your backstory? Like what is your wiki thumbnail Idea? I Nothing about you idea. And then, and by the way, I only wanna talk about myself. Only watch, I talk about you.


As we discussed last time, you would ask a question and I would sort of try to jump in while retaining my dignity and you would just cut me off and move on to some other like thing that you were beautifully executing. And, and by the way, like can, can we talk about like trying the one pop pasta? What do you mean when we actually eat it? Yeah. I thought it was good. I thought it wasn't bad either. I I was impressed. We did What? Like yeah, For the record, we followed the Martha Stewart recipe. Not, Not Martha. Look at the Meghan Markle recipe, Which she did steal. Like if you look at hers, it's just, it appears to be just pure theft of, of the Martha Stewart recipe, which was decent. And so I haven't made it again, but it's there. But that charcutier thing is such a nightmare.


That thing took forever. That was the longest thing we did. No One could ever do that at home for a kid in the morning. No. Nor would they want to. I mean, and then finally Strudwick getting the cocktail. We, how many, we drank like five glasses. I know. He got our cocktails. He got our our peanut butter roll thing in the first episode or second episode. Oh right, right. And then he got our, what's the other thing he ate? He, he ate, I can't remember. There was a third thing he ate, but he was a menace as he normally is. But he's a sweet boy, but a bad boy. So I do wanna show you one other clip of her. She's out doing, still doing her founder podcast. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she wanted us all to know, as she worked in, in that clip, we ran there to remind us, she's a regular person.


M she's a Working Mom. So she gets what it's like to be Working Mom. Here's the clip. I will say for myself, like, especially when they're baby babies. And yes, the, the crime before I was a mom and I've always wanted to be a mom. Before I was a mom, I was like, oh gosh, I'm gonna give a speech with a baby on my hip. Ah. I had a whole vision. I was like, it's, I'm just gonna, and then you fast forward, granted I had a lot of external things happening by the time I had both pregnancies and both babies. But it was not the way I envisioned it. For me, it's so important that my kids see me as a Working Mom. Oh my God. And that we all see her as that because what she's, she feels guilty about the $150 million she thrifted off of being a fake royal.


Me, me, me, me, me. So important as I've, I've predicted once these kids hit 18, they are moving to the East coast, if not out of the country. Could be back to the UK entirely or Could be back to the UK entirely. Yeah, exactly. You know, and it was the whole thing too. She was saying on one of the other shows, you know, I write them emails every night. Yeah. So that, so 365, I can't do the math. 365 days times 18. Yeah. How many emails is that Like, Like they're gonna have the time to go through that. No. Who the hell wants to review thousands of emails from their mom when they were two, when they're later 22? And then of course there's, I leave the room from them that we don't ever talk about the help.


Right, right. I leave the room just to take a moment for myself into the other room and then I miss them so much that rather than go back into the other room. Right. I scroll on my phone. Right. But she pictured herself giving her speeches with a child on the hip. She's just so cool. She's gonna do it all. But now that she's a Working Mom, Maureen, she's realizing it's just so hard. You know, the, the life work balance notwithstanding your huge mansion and your full staff and the fact that you're married to a prince, it's just, it's very, she, she understands the plight of working women across America. Clearly She does. And also I'm curious as to how she was going to give said speeches with a baby on her hip when Prince Harry has said the reason they left was largely to keep their children completely out of the public eye.


Right. Right. Which she wants us to, to remind us of that she's a princess and she was part of the royal family. That's why she couldn't give the speeches. 'cause there was a lot going on in my personal life at the time my babies were born. There Was so much going on. Like when you're slinging, allegedly baseless accusations of racism against two of the most famous monarchs on the planet. You know, there's a lot going on. Couldn't have a baby on the hip. 'cause I had to sling those from the hip. But bum. Okay, now I'm gonna have to get to the Autopen story on Monday 'cause we don't have time for it. But it's interesting. There, there is an investigation underway and there is reportedly a Democrat whistleblower saying who was signing it and when. So more on that. But quickly, bill Belichick video has hit of him leaving the home of what we now believe was his then girlfriend, Jordan Hudson.


And this journalist Pablo tore tracked it down. He was shirtless. It was before we really knew that they were having an, an affair. And she was so much younger than he was. Here's the video. Oh my God. Oh, oh. Pablo tore got his hands on that and probably didn't know whether he should show us or not. And now there is an interview, right, of the woman who owned that house. Did, did she speak with Pablo? Tore, I think this is it. And Sat sat 20 And come on, come off the golf course. And we were just chatting about different things and that's when she said that she wanted to know how far Denvers was.


And I was like, oh, are you getting married? She said, no, I compete in pageants. And I said, well, we're members at the golf course, you should come play with us. You know, my friends have clubs they can lend you. Yeah. She said she played. That's so yeah, she said she played and she also said she prefers a men's senior shaft. Whoa. So I just sort of didn't really think much about that until later. That's about that OMG. That's so good. There's a question about whether like, reportedly this is video that helped keep him out of getting another NFL coaching job. He wound up settling for the college level and oh my God, look at this. And now there's speculation that did, did she leak it? Is there some, did she have something to do with it in order to like, I don't know, did she want him not to get another job at the NFL or just to be more dependent on her?


I have no idea. But there's now reports that they're engaged and you tell me how this is gonna end. Maureen. Oh, I, if I were one of Bill Belichick's kids, I would just me, just my opinion. I would be concerned for his physical safety. Yeah. I really would. I mean, we know he runs around like a slobs part of his flex. But there's the, this is also inelegant. It is so unbecoming of a man who had that legacy and it's the shaft, the, Oh my god, Shaft's kiss. Can you imagine? All I would say is akin to the theme and I Jack Wright available on Brit box, don't change your will Bill Belichick. Don't, don't change your will to make her the beneficiary.


And if you do, don't tell her about it 100%. Although I do think she's running the show and apparent to a, a new report that just came up. Apparently Jordan is being excised from polite society on Nantucket this summer. Oh, oh. You Know, maybe this, this may take yet another turn. We don't Know. We'll find out our own link. Lauren is very pro the Belichick Jordan relationship and you can tune into his show to find out why. But make sure for now you tune into, subscribe and follow Maureen at The Nerve with Maureen Callahan. It's honestly, it's perfect for a Saturday morning when you got your cup of coffee. That's what I'll be doing. And you can do it with me. Maureen. Love ya. Love you too Meghan. Thanks for being here.


Thank you all so much for watching. And my thanks to one, the one and only Maureen Callahan, she's such a keeper. What a star. Don't forget to go and subscribe to her. Show The Nerve with Maureen Callahan on YouTube and on podcast and listen, have a wonderful, wonderful memorial day and take a minute, especially on Monday, to think about our troops who pay the ultimate price and their families too, to keep this country safe and free. It's not just a day off, right? There are people who are really be gonna be thinking about lost loved ones on Monday. And let's make ourselves think among them, thinking about those who gave it all in the name of freedom and liberty and all the great ideals that this country has fought and stood for for almost 250 years now.


We will have a special Memorial Day episode for you. These episodes that we've been doing the past few years on Memorial Day, where we feature a a, a veteran who has caught our eye. They're extremely popular and it's for a good reason because we actually think long and hard about who we're gonna book on those days. And you will not be disappointed on Monday. Do you know who John McPhee is? John McPhee is former Special Forces. He was on Sean Ryan and he was on Joe Joe Rogan, but I'm telling you, you've never heard him like this. We went places. I had never heard him go. He did not hold back. He's one of the most interesting people I've ever sat across from. He was right here in the Red Studio in every moment between us.


I was on the edge of my seat. The guy is unlike anybody I've ever talked to. I think you're gonna love it. It airs on Monday, and I would love your feedback. In the meantime, you can email me as always in Meghan at Meghan kelly.com. Have a wonderful weekend with your family and we'll talk on Monday. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.