
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Oh, I'm over. Like look a bit the amount of PostIts and papers in front of me, the amount of news that has gone down in the past few days. I'm really looking forward to getting back in front of you and talking with all of you about all of it. And we begin with the Democratic Party in massive turmoil over the continued fallout from President Joe Biden's. Disastrous debate, performance polls, most of them.


There's one outlier, cratering donors fleeing, including very top, very wealthy ones. More politicians calling for Mr. Biden to step aside and new alarming reporting about what Joe Biden is really like behind the scenes, highlighting the true scope of his cognitive decline. And yet the President remains defiant. He gave a brief interview with to a BC News on Friday night with George Stephanopoulos. We'll get to that. I mean, it was, it was incoherent. He can't finish a sentence or a thought. He's in denial about his condition in this race and his approval rating, his polls, you name it.


And then again, this morning, I guess this is meant to dissuade people from thinking he's not capable. He decided to appear via telephone on his favorite TV show. Morning Joe, calling in for a surprise, phoner. I said this when Fox News was doing this with Trump. Alright, I said this while I was at Fox News about the Fox and Friends program, allowing Trump to call in when he was a candidate. It's inappropriate, it's unethical with a presidential candidate. They could easily be sitting there reading notes, mimicking what an advisor says.


A fast typist could be getting his answers into a teleprompter. It's not ethical for any news outlet to allow this of a presidential candidate, but they did, because they're about propaganda on M-S-N-B-C. And in particular, on Morning Joe, the president this morning set up to succeed. I'll let you decide whether he did challenged his critics and the so-called Elites in his own party. Listen here, Remember all us talk about how I don't have the black support. Come on, gimme a break.


Come with me. Watch, watch. I'm getting so frustrated by, by the elites. Now, I'm not talking about you guys, but about the elites in the party who they know so much more with any of these guys. Yeah. Don't think I should run, run against me. Go ahead. Announce, announce the president. Challenge me at the convention. I think most of the Democrats at this point would say, great, let's do that. We would love that. Joining me now for the full show, Stu Burguiere, the host of Stu Does America on Blaze tv and Dave Marcus, a columnist for Fox News in the Daily Mail. Dave, welcome back. Things to say, massive turmoil on the Democratic side right now really was an, an understatement, and I guess we should pick it up with the President now, trying to save him himself with an interview with George Stephanopoulos and inter, a couple, a pair of interviews with two black radio hosts in Pennsylvania, one of whom has now been fired, both of whom have now admit admitted that they just asked the questions the White House provided them.


And frankly, I can tell you right here from this seat, the same is true of Morning Joe. Guaranteed. It was rehearsed, it was understood between them exactly where they'd go with this interview. And the choreography of the whole thing was set between the sitting president and his BFFs, posing as some sort of journalistic figures over at M-S-N-B-C this morning. Stu, what do you make of it? Fascinating stuff. I mean, this has been one of the most incredible week or two periods that I can ever remember in politics. I mean, the debate performance was one of the most catastrophic things I've ever seen occur in politics for a candidate. And now this fallout, which has been amazing.


Everything from the media completely changing and, and, and morphing into like this group of people that actually like hold, you know, a president on the Democratic side to account. All of a sudden they're doing their, their scattered showers of journalism all over the place, which has been fascinating to watch. And of course, the, the Morning Joe thing is just hilarious. You know, just a couple of months ago, he, they, Joe Joe Scarborough was on the air saying, you know, this guy is not only cogent, but he's the best he's ever been. He was saying that it was a conspiracy theory that they kept underestimating him at their own peril. Then it seemed for a couple of days, I guess, that he was supposed to be, oh wow, this is, it was really bad performance and maybe he should be thinking about his legacy.


And then today he seems to be back on the bandwagon. I mean, the man seems to have absolutely no beliefs that are actually real other than what will get him more conversations at a cocktail party. He seems to have no, no salt I the way that he, because there's this thing that happens when normal humans communicate with each other, Megan, which is when you are saying something that you know to be a blatant lie, you feel this internal level of shame. You feel uncomfortable doing it. Most people feel this Joe, Scarborough has mastered the, the skill to not feel any shame whatsoever when he says blatantly untrue things that disagree with each other, moments apart.


It is a parlor trick I didn't know anyone had, but in, in reality it's disgusting. And No, he is, we we have this put together Stu. So Joe Scarborough this morning in his interview with the president, he If you hear the questions he goes on like the elites, the politicians, the press, you know, they, they're calling for you to step outta this race. You know, these people who think they know better. You are one of them. You dishonest, dumbass. To your point, Stu, listen, we put together his just this past couple of weeks, evolution and back Scarboroughs on Joe Biden. All right, here he is. You'll hear the so montage where initially he's talking about how Joe Biden's the greatest ever best he's ever been.


And then after the debate, how he sounded, and then a few days went by and he reversed messaging again. And now he's out there pretending he wasn't one of the ones calling for Biden to step down. Listen, He's far beyond cogent. In fact, I think he's better than he's ever been, that he spent much of the night with his mouth, aga and his eyes darting back and forth. I fear Donald Trump will be the next president of the United States unless things change And. it tragically did not rise to the occasion. And now is a good time in June, thank God, in June and not October, in June, this is the last chance for Democrats to decide whether this man we've known and loved for a very long time is up to the task.


Let's take a deep breath and let's understand. It's, this is the reversal. It's only July the fifth. Such an historic decision should not be made in haste. It's unbelievable still, right? I thank God we know in June, Hey, you know what? Actually it's only July. Like, don't make the decision in haste anything could happen. He could turn this thing whole thing around. I, I really do think it's incredible. And if we should all remember here too, that when it felt like the right thing to do, to be buddies with Donald Trump, that's also what he was, he was bringing him on television. The Boots licked them. Yeah. Licked the boots on openly every morning Basis.


Yeah. Brought him on. They went to each other's weddings and like hung out and were buddies. To the extent that even off the air leaked video showed that he was basically asking Donald Trump what questions he wanted to be asked. The same thing these poor reporters and radio hosts got fired for this weekend. Yeah. He was doing to Donald Trump. And now he's completely reversed himself multiple times because whatever benefits Joe Scarborough on that day is what he says. Yes. That's who the guy is. He's one of the lowest forms in the entire media and has been his entire life. So Dave, as interesting as Scarborough's, hypocrisy and lies are the presidents are far more interesting.


And here he was sounding more vibrant this morning than he has over the past weekend and several years trying to convince us that he is staying in this race. And that really the focus should be on Trump's terrible performance at the debate sought two, And I've not lost, I haven't lost, I beat him last time. I'll beat him this time. And this is a guy who, look, we talk about debates. Look at his performance of debates. He lied over, you know, Trump has 50 lies that he, I mean, look, this is a guy who says 10% of the universe, ah, yeah, I'm gonna get into better.


He's just a liar. And he hasn't done a damn thing since the debate. He's been riding around in the golf cart for 10 days without a Mar-a-Lago talking with his wealthy friend. I'm not running because of these guys. Joe, I'm running because, and you know me well enough to know this, from the very beginning I ran, because I never bought on And, it trickle down economic theory. I never bought into the notion that we have to walk away from the rest of the world and cave to Putin or anybody else. I've never, never believed any of that. And I'm confident that's what the American people are. So what I did was I went out and I wanted to make sure that there wasn't any, any slippage at all. And with the average voter, I don't care what the millionaires saying.


Ah, okay. So it's amazing, Dave, that he's calling attention to the fact that Trump's been silent for 10 days, which is the most disciplined Donald Trump has ever shown in his life. It's exactly the right move. He's trying to bait him into saying something so he can shift the story off of himself. Yeah, no, it's Trump. Trump has played this very well, including the night of the debate. But listen, I I, I'm so frustrated by all of this and, and I talked to so many Americans who are so deeply frustrated because we are watching right now why nobody trusts politicians, why nobody trusts pundits. We all watch that debate. We know what we saw. It wasn't a close call that was a senile man, at least on the edge of dementia, who is absolutely unfit to be the president of the United States.


There is no question about that, right? We all knew it. Our, our jaws were on the floor. But by the next morning, all of the politicians and all of the pundits were saying to themselves, all right, how do we spin this? How do we describe this? Because, well, you know, the Republicans, they don't think he's fit for office, but they'd rather run against him and the Democrats, they think they don't mind the deep state running things, but now they're worried he might leave, he might lose. And the American people are watching all of this, and they're saying, you people don't give a shit about us. You don't give a shit about the country. You're worried about maintaining power. So let me try to break this cycle. Joe Biden is not fit to be president of the United States on July 8th, 2024.


I don't care if it helps the Democrats, the Republicans, the libertarians, he's not fit to be president, and everybody ought to just be able to say that it's infuriating. I totally agree with you on every word. It's, it's infuriating that he gets to remain President between now and January. No. No matter what happens, you're right. He's not fit. This person cannot be the president. There are more gaffes even this weekend, which we're going to show the audience, but I wanna go through the news sequentially because it's just easier to digest that way. He got out there, not only on Morning Joe this morning, but he had this sit down with George Stephanopoulos, the big sit down, a BC News initially was gonna release a little bit on their evening program on Friday night with David Muir.


Then they were gonna release some with Stephanopoulos on his Sunday show. And then the big kahuna was gonna be this morning on Good Morning America. Well, that didn't happen because he only sat there for 22 minutes and you can't make three programs out of a 22 minute interview with the president. And so they released the whole 22 minutes on Friday, And. it was another disaster. It he was incoherent once again, as we saw during the debate, he could not finish a sentence. He kicked off with this where he's not even sure whether he watched the debate on television after it happened or not sought five.


Your friend Nancy Pelosi, actually framed the question that I think is on the minds of millions of Americans. Was this a bad episode with a sign of a more serious condition? It was a bad episode. No. Indicates very any serious condition. I was exhausted. And did you ever watch the debate afterwards? I don't think I did. No. What is that, Dave? I listen. Joe, Joe Biden wouldn't know if he was watching Matlock half an hour ago. I mean, that, that's, that, that's, that's what it means. I mean, that, that's all that it can mean. Look, I I, I, I think you've made a very good point of, you know, about Joe Biden's role in this right now.


Now we know that the great intellectual Hunter Biden is the primary advisor and gatekeeper to the president of the United States right now. I they've admitted that he can only actually function between 10:00 AM and 4:00 PM I mean, this is turning into a Monty Python sketch. It's, it's, it, it's a level of absurdity that I don't see, and I, that I don't think I've seen before. But I will say this, it, it reminds me of Covid in a sense. One of the things I stressed in my book was that it was horrible that Covid happened during an election year. It was the worst possible timing because as soon as there started to be a difference of approach in the summer, right? And DeSantis is saying, maybe we can open up and Cuomo's saying, no, we can't.


Everyone got into their political silos and we were just not able to have a rational conversation. And I feel like that's happening here, and we're just stuck in, in this cycle. I, I feel like if we had the moon landing today, by the next morning, that both sides would be arguing over whether it really happened or did it really matter, or is it worth getting excited over? We just don't share the same reality. Yeah, and, and you know, you speak of Elder Abuse, that that's, that's how I see what's happening now, that there, I tweeted out over the weekend, this is infuriating because what you have here is a critical wounded horse. And instead of, I'm not saying putting him down, but instead of caretaking the horse, they're making him run again, the cruelest stable owners wouldn't put the horse back out there to watch him die on the track or take a split bone and turn it into a massive compound fracture of a femur, right?


Like, that's what they're doing right now, saying, just run, just keep running, get out there. And that's why he's gives answers. Like, I'm not sure if I've watched the debate. I'm, I'm not sure. As he just pointed out, it happened a week ago, a a week, it was eight days that when he sat down with Stephanopoulos, and he doesn't remember, here was another, he kept saying, no excuses, no one's fault but mine. But then he kept making excuses for why he performed so poorly. And the latest was Trump was yelling, even though the mics were cut shot six. And how, how quickly did it, did it come to you that you were having that bad night?


Well, Kanu was having a bad night when I realized that even when I was answering a question, even though I turned his mic off, he was still shouting. And I, I let it distract me. I, I'm not blaming on that, but I realized that I just wasn't in control. Stefan Bloss followed up by saying, you know, some of this began your confusion even before Trump weighed in. And he just didn't have an answer. He didn't, because there is no answer. It wasn't Trump's yelling. It wasn't the mics. It again, in this interview, he said, I was exhausted last week. At the end of the week, he said it was my travel schedule, you know, jet lag.


We've heard over-prepared with details. He raised that. Again, none of that was the answer. And everyone knows it, Stu. I mean, that's the problem he's up against. He can say everything he wants here, and the only question is who's gonna go along with it? Because they want the gaslighting to continue because they still believe in him and who's not, either because like us, they don't think he's qualified to hold his position or, or because like the Democrats who wanna win, they realize he can't do it, and they just love him or hate him. They know they need to get him out of there unless, you know, in order to hold onto a control of the White House. Yeah, I mean, and the sad thing is, I think if you go the weak period from the debate to that interview, the interview was the best moment for him, I think, you know, it was horrible, but it was, I guess better than the debate when we were doing live coverage on Blaze TV of the debate And it And it ended.


And I, I just, I couldn't even think of what to say. It wa it was jaw dropping. I I'd never seen anything, anything like it and, and any sane society, obviously he would not be president. My first thought coming outta that coverage was good God, I have kids who live in this country that this man is in charge of, of, of managing in some way. I mean, you start thinking about, are my kids going to wind up getting blown up because of a mistake he makes? We've got a Potential, he's leader of our, of our military. He's the commander chief of our military. Yeah, it is the, I mean, I think the biggest threat to our entire globe right now is the fact that we have this guy as president managing the situation between Ukraine and Russia.


God only knows how that spirals out of control. He keeps telling them that we're selling, sending them more and more arms that go deeper and deeper to their territory, crossing his own red lines. It's a whole nother topic, but it's very, very disconcerting. But I think when you go back to whether he's going to try to hold onto power, I, number one do give some of the blame to Joe Biden. Yes, he is the racehorse, as you pointed out that is, is limping very heavily. And so it, it is sad to watch, but this man has wanted this power since at least 1972. It's always thought about. He has wanted to be this man, and I don't think he has any intent of giving it up himself. Whatever coherent moments he has during the day, and yes, you have Jill Biden and Hunter Biden Hunter may have a little bit of interest having his dad be ahead of the DOJ right Now, of course he's gonna argue for him to stay in, but it's not just them.


I mean, look at the people around him. You think Antony Blinken has a good job after this is over. I mean, you think everyone's like, oh wow, I can't wait to hire Antony Blinken does, does Corin Jean Pierre have a gig outside of Applebee's? Oh my, this is over, it's over zero. These people, what else are they gonna do? But argue, stay in power because all of their life is justified by this man having power. They have nothing Else value. You know? Can I, can I follow up with you on that? There's a report in the Politico about, and which is, I have to say, doing a great job on this. They have reasons, as you know, to, to be covering this story aggressively. Where were you when the rest of us were doing it? In any event, about how that meeting he had last week with the, with the Democratic governors, you know, and, and after he had that meeting to try to assuage concerns.


And by the way, at that meeting, the governors of New Mexico and Maine told him, you're gonna lose our states. Our states are now in jeopardy. These are not swing states, these are blue states. And all the news reported, those two governors stood up and said, they're in jeopardy, sir, as a result of you anyway, you didn't have a, a flow of Democratic governors coming out and saying, he's gotta step down after that meeting. And you know why? Political reporting, it's because they wanna run. They all see themselves as the next democratic presidential candidate in four years. And so they don't want a young, potentially two term Democrat winning other than Joe Biden right now. They'd much rather put the race horse out there and let him limp through another four years, and then they can emerge as the saviors four years from now.


It's craven how little these people love America. They only love themselves too. That is 100% true. And it's important to understand their motivation. I mean, I think you mentioned Politico, which I was looking at pol the Politico homepage the day after the debate. I couldn't believe it. I mean, it was, it was harder on Joe Biden than, I don't know. Breitbart is on a daily basis. The New York Times, you know, looks like the blaze and, and like, you know, daily wire. It's true. Like I don't, I dunno where this has come from and, and actually I do know of course where it's come from, which is they now for this short period believe that doing actual journalism is the right thing to do because they believe Trump, Trump is gonna win.


Yes. They believe that this is their opportunity to get him out, and I promise you the second they cannot have a replacement, the second that is out of the picture, they will switch back. They will all of a sudden start talking about, actually he's starting to be more coherent in these meetings. Actually, we're getting reports. This is turning around. Maybe it was just a bad night. They will reverse themselves and act like none of this ever happened. If he stays in and survives the next couple of weeks, they will basically go on the air and say that, you know, president Biden who promised to cure cancer, must have come up with a cure for Alzheimer's instead because he's now magically in control of all of his faculties.


They will reverse themselves. It is kind of weird though, to live in this world where kind of journalists are doing what they're supposed to do. Yeah. I mean, they seem, to be honest, I love how they're pretending like, gee, we just, you know, we just stumbled upon this story which was being covered up by the White House. And so there, here we are in earnest now ready to cover it. I mean, there's a nugget of truth in there, Dave, there, there has been a massive co coverup by the White House for sure. They've been masking just how bad the problem is. But all of us on the screen right now have been covering Joe Biden's obvious struggles with dementia. It's not a medical diagnosis, it's just a lay person's observation for years.


And it's been ignored by all these same people who are like, oh, cover up. Meanwhile, I, I want you to respond to that, but I do wanna get back to the Elder Abuse Yeah. Line, because I do, that's, that's how this feels. Yes, he's ambitious. Yes, he's the most, you know, aggressively political person in his circle. But when someone becomes infirm personally, I I give them a longer leash because it, it's up to the family members when that happens to step in. That's why, why you can go in and you get power of attorney when this happens to a parent or a grandparent. You know, you say to the court, I love my mom, my dad, my grandma, but they're no longer capable of making decisions, and so please give me the power to make the decisions for them.


And the courts do it regularly because they understand that person, while they may have many moments of lucidity overall, they've lost the capacity to make big decisions for themselves. That's, that's why the family's more culpable here, Michael. More of all people who literally today was calling Donald Trump. The devil made a similar point on, I think it was a podcast interview. Take a listen. Top four. I have to be the only one to stand for Joe Biden. That's right. That's me. You heard me say that. If I have to be the only one to stand up for Joe Biden here to protect him from the cruelest form of Elder Abuse I've ever been forced to watch, well then that's what I'll do.


He was in epic distress that Thursday night. Every cognitive default in his mind seemed to be shutting down. I If this had been somebody that you truly cared about, loved, embraced, what would you have done? Yeah, that was Rumble with Michael Moritz, his podcast. Go ahead, Dave. Yeah, I I mean, look, the, the, the, the question of what we knew about Biden's condition is tricky because the White House actually did do a pretty effective job of shielding the worst of it.


It seems it also may have gotten progressively much worse very quickly. Yeah. Correct. You know, we, we, we don't know it, it's, it, it, but it, it's almost like the mafia, right? Like we all knew, apologies Carol Markowitz, the mafia doesn't exist. We all knew the mafia existed, right? But until the commission case, we didn't have the evidence. We really couldn't prove it. Right? This would be like if John Gotti had walked into a restaurant and like murdered 25 people on camera, it just became completely obvious that this was real. And I think the Democrats and the media ultimately have the same dilemma, which is that it's probably gonna happen again. So I, I think Stu iss right, that the, that the liberal media would be perfectly willing to reverse themselves in somehow the New York Times and the Chicago Tribune, if, if Biden stays in the race are going to endorse him, even though they already called for him to leave, right?


Somehow they're going to square that circle. But the real question is, If, if, if They do that And, it does happen again because it will happen again. Will there start to be consequences? Are we already starting to see consequences, right? Is the, is the economic failure of CNN and and M-S-N-B-C owing to the fact that the American people just aren't buying it anymore? And it seems like CNN in particular, every time they try to fix it, they just revert back to the same Trump hating Brian Stelter loving thing that they've been since the golden escalator. I don't, I don't understand it. I think, you know, Scott Jenning's, a couple people doing to, That's how they're gonna do it, Dave, they're gonna, yeah, if Biden stays in, they'll, they'll be a day of, okay, we were against it.


But that's his decision. He's got the delegates. Yeah, but Don't what, but Meghan, what Do you do that, and then, but wait, wait. If he does it again, then the whole remaining period, however, I mean, it's gonna ha what at most it's gonna be three months will be about how evil Trump is. That's it. Just Biden won't be the story. It'll just be Trump is the devil. It'll be the Michael, he's the devil. And therefore, and I have to tell you, I was talking to a Democrat friend of mine over the weekend who I love, a wonderful woman. She's now put particularly political, but she votes Democrat. And she, I was asking her what she thinks about all this, and she's, she's one, she's like, I don't really care if it's presidency by group. Like, that's fine. As long as I keep enacting the policies I like, like I, it's going fine so far.


It's certainly better than with Trump. Like whoever's around him is doing things I like. So yeah, I'm still gonna vote for him. I think there are a lot of Democrats who feel that way. Yeah, No, I, I, I agree. I don't think there's enough. I, I like, I I, I think ultimately, especially more independent leaning Democrats and independents themselves want a president of the United States because y you know, you, you, I, I thought one of the points Trump made in the debate, and I know that nobody paid any attention that anything other than Joe Biden's vacant stare during the debate. But there was one moment when Trump said to Biden, you don't fire anybody. You never fire anybody. And And, it was absolutely true, right? Jake Sullivan said, what, 10 days before October 7th that the Middle East had ne hadn't been that quiet in decades, he still got his job.


Mayorca still has his job. What, what do you have to do to get fired by the Biden administration? So I think that's actually something that Trump should continue to hammer, because if the Democrats are gonna say, oh, it's president by committee. Well, the committee also sucks. Yeah. Did you see that photo tweeted out over the weekend of President Biden's speech writing team? Oh my God, oh my God, I just wanna buy those kids like a carton of cigarettes and a bottle of bourbon or something. Like, how can this be? They, like, they're still in the acne phase of puberty. It looks like a, a Columbia University, you know, struggle session live and in the White House, it's terrifying.


We'll put it on the board for the YouTube body, but that there's two of Them in the corner doing work that's, I think they're filling out resumes. I, I mean, yeah, it's unbelievable. Well, and Kare Jean-Pierre is in the background. She's their boss, which makes, yeah, a lot of sense. Now I totally understand like this, okay, that, that makes perfect sense to me. Have You seen this, Sue? I don't think I've seen the photo. I mean, fun. It makes perfect sense, but I Have not actually seen it. I mean, truly, if, if there's somebody there over the age of 24, it, it would, it'll be a miracle. They, they're in a, they've got every, of course, all the racial and gender and whatever boxes are checked, and they look, I mean, I guarantee you these people know nothing, absolutely nothing about anything other than woke diversity, DEI type issues.


I wanna get to this because to me, one of the things that's been really jarring about listening to Joe Biden speak is he cannot finish a thought or a sentence. And our audience is gonna hear this repeatedly during some, some of the soundbites that we've pulled for today, because this is a problem. He's the leader of the free world. And here's just one example. This is right at the top of, of the interview with Stephanopoulos. Listen to him The whole way. I prepared nobody's fault of mind, nobody's fault of mind. I, I prepared what I usually would do sitting down as I did come back, this foreign leaders or the National Security Council for explicit detail.


And I realized about partway through that, you know, all the, I get quoted, the New York Times had me down at 10 points before the debate, nine now, or whatever the hell it is. The fact of the matter is that what I looked at is that he also lied 28 times. I couldn't, I mean, the way the debate ran, not my fault. No one else's fault, no one else's fault. What I, first of all, this is how he speaks now as I did comeback national security, he's missing words, many words in his operative sense sentences. And then in the middle of nowhere, he pivots to, I get quoted, New York Times had me down 10 points, which is untrue.


The New York Times prior to the debate had him down three or four, depending on which poll you look at, according to Nate Silver, not 10, because he's trying to make the point in the middle of that sentence that the debate didn't cost him any points. He says, now I'm down nine. There was no substantive change. That's a lie. It's in inaccurate. At a minimum, he inserts it in the middle of nowhere for what purpose? Why it doesn't flow out of anything after National security advisors. And then goes back to, well, he lied 28 times. And this is like, you can't even follow the logic, the method of thinking Stew and all these cognitive experts will tell you, this is yet another sign.


It's a, it's a sign of cognitive abilities starting to shut down. When I watch him speak, I often think of my 1978 MGB British car. When you turn the key, a lot of times it does not start And. it makes noise, And, it does things that sound like cars running, but it doesn't actually move you in any direction. And that's what it feels like watching him. I mean, it really is disconcerting realizing this guy is also supposedly negotiating with foreign leaders over major important things. You know, I, I think the most scary part of this is that like you have a, a night like that debate night and you realize your entire political life, legacy career is on the line.


You have days to address this and figure out a strategy. And the strategy actually is not the hard part, right? Like the strategy is obvious. you go out there and you do a bunch of appearances where you look good. And if he were capable of doing that, he would've done it. This was his opportunity to go out there and shine. And look, you know, I'll even judge it on a Joe Biden curve. Like if every politician you say one to 10 scale, all Joe Biden content falls between like one and three. Like the best Joe Biden speech ever is a three outta 10 true. I'll judge. It's gonna be a Josh Hawley. Yeah, I If you put in a 2.5, you'd be okay with it.


Get to a three outta 10. Fine. He can't even do this. There are dozens and dozens of highly paid professionals around him realizing what the stakes are for this campaign. All of them are uniquely and completely focused on making this one appearance seem like this man can actually do this job. He's gotta get through 20 minutes with a guy who is a Clinton operative. And even with that setup, he still fails. And the reason is because he is incapable of succeeding. That is a remarkable thing to say about the president of the United States. He can't, he can't.


I mean, I love it because you've got, I think it's the Philadelphia Enquirer, which is still on Team Biden saying what he needs to do is a series of town halls and put him out himself out there for repeated interviews. Hello, hello McFly. They know that he's not capable. You're so dumb. Do you think they don't know that he can't do it. That's why everything has to be controlled. And he can only be given to Morning Joe, and he can only be given to two radio hosts to agree to ask the White House questions. And he can only be given to j Jort Stephanopoulos, who was near tears. He was so upset with reeling off the president's approval ratings and the polls and so on. That's why they're doing it that way.


He, the president, was asked by Stephanopoulos about whether he will take a cognitive exam. We're gonna get into this in detail in, in two minutes. We're gonna take a break and then we're gonna get back into the cognitive stuff in depth. But just listen to what he said to Stephanopoulos on that, on that score. It's, what is it, Deb sought seven, I think. Do you dispute that there have been more lapses, especially in the last several months? Can I run the 110 flat? No, but I'm still in good shape. Are you more frail? No. Have you had the specific cognitive tests and have you had a neurologist, a specialist, do an examination?


No, no one said I had to, no one said, they said, I'm good. Would you be willing to undergo an independent medical evaluation that included neurological and co cognitive tests and release the results to the American people? Look, I have a cognitive test every single day. Every day I have that test. Everything I do, you know, not only am I campaigning, but I'm running the world. Would you be willing to have the independent medical evaluation? Watch me between, there's a lot of time left in this campaign. So no, he refuses to submit to an independent medical evaluation. He refuses to have a cognitive exam. And in the course of refusing that, he tells us I'm not more frail than I was three and a half years ago.


I mean, that's just an absurdity that I'm in good shape. The polls are not accurate, I'm not behind. And 36 is not my approval rating. Everything's denied or lied about, and I refuse to give you a cognitive test. My god, Dave, I mean, I guess he did admit that he can't run the a hundred in 10 seconds flat. So I mean, we got that At Least, at at least that's true. Yeah. Look, this isn't gonna hold, you know, the other night my son and I watched Wag the dog, right? And if, if If, you remember in that movie, there's a scandal. The president's up for reelection and there's like the Firefly girl and, and De Niro's character comes in as Mr. Fix it.


David Mamet wrote that movie. And one of the things that that's sort of a drumbeat through it is you hear them say, there's two weeks to the election, there's nine days to the election, there's seven. And De Niro keeps saying like, we just gotta string this out for 11 more days. We just put 'em together. We can do this. This is four months. This is not gonna hold for four months. If the election was next week, okay, you could do, you could produce a war, right? You could do a, this is not going to hold for four months if that's the best that Joe Biden can do. And, and so it's a hell of a pickle for the Democrats right now because if, if he is refusing to leave, I, I do think they're gonna have to one way or another remove him.


Even if it means invoking the 25th Amendment. I, I just, I, I I think they all know that this is not gonna work. Here was just some of the Democrat reaction to that interview with Stephanopoulos, David Axelrod, CNN contributor and former Obama guy, of course, after Biden says, only the Lord Almighty could, could persuade me to give up this race. He writes, denial, delusion, defiance Paul Beal Clinton operative, it will not quell the growing anger. Nothing short of a pre of President Biden. Doing a Simone Biles triple flip with a double twist can make Democrats unsee that debate. Julian Castro, who ran against Biden in 2020 and raised the age, age issue, then you really see a president in denial and in a bubble.


And Nate Silver, who I mentioned a moment ago, the guy, the guy of polling says, I wimped out in today's column and deleted a line saying that he should formulate a plan to transition the presidency to Harris within 30 to 60 days. But I'm there now. Something's clearly wrong here and goes on to say, you can see in the, in the latter of being forced out, he's about halfway up. It's got things like back channel conversations about pushing him out, anonymous leaks to the press, influential non-elected and donors say he should resign back bench Elected officials say he should resign signals from senior party leaders that he should resign with plausible deniability, mega donors saying he should resign and withholding funds. Normy senators are representatives saying he should resign.


All this is starting to happen. You know, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia trying to call this meeting, which has now been bounced to tomorrow. You've got five Democrats going into the weekend who openly called in the house for him to step down another six saying so, or reverse those numbers. Six going into the weekend and another five over the weekend. Joining the chorus, you've got leaders like Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer not saying anything publicly yet, but Pelosi saying, we're entitled to answers on whether this is an episode or a condition. You've got top donors like billionaire Rick Caruso saying he is going to pause donations to the Biden campaign and urging Biden to step a step aside so you can feel these wheels in motion still.


And Politico this morning had a, a headline saying that several democrats we spoke to viewed this Friday as a soft deadline for Biden to prove he's up to the job, less the effort to force him aside, gather or get more aggressive and potentially more humiliating, which is just an absurdity. What's he gonna do this week? He is gonna do the Simone Biles triple flip, double back. I mean like what could he possibly do to satisfy them by Friday? They're waiting for polls. That's what they're waiting for. There was a sliver of good news for Joe Biden in that realm following a devastating New York Times poll that showed him six points behind Trump in likely voters nine points behind Trump in registered voters.


There was a, there was a Bloomberg morning consult poll showing him having steadied the ship. We can talk about all of that, but I've gotta take a break and when we come back, we're gonna get into the fact that it broke over the weekend. Not once, not twice, nine times over the past year, a Parkinson's specialist physician has visited the White House and met with President Biden's personal doctor and potentially with President Biden himself. Not one of these crack reporters covering the White House found this, disclosed it or reported on it. The New York Post broke the story yesterday.


There's been follow up reporting since, and we went back and took a hard look at every single one of those visits and what if anything had happened in the president's world just prior. Wait until you hear this. Alright guys, so just a couple of news items that we gotta go through today. Joe Biden wrote a letter to all House, I guess congressional Democrats in the wake of these house members holding a phone call yesterday and several more coming out and saying he should step down and the senators preparing a meeting of their own. And I'll read to you in part what it, what he wrote.


I want you to know that despite all the speculation in the press and elsewhere, I'm firmly committed to staying in this race. I wouldn't be running again if I did not absolutely believe I was The best person to beat Donald Trump. We had a democratic nomination process and the voters have spoken clearly and decisively. This was a process open to anyone who wanted to run. Only three people chose to challenge me. One fared so badly he left the primaries to run as an independent. He's speaking of RFKJ. Another attacked me for being too old and was soundly defeated there. He means, what's his name? Who came on our program? The Nice Man from Minnesota. Dean Phillips. Yeah. The voters of the Democratic Party have voted. They've chosen me to be the nominee.


Do we now just say this process didn't matter, that the voters don't have a say. I declined to do that. I feel a deep obligation to the faith and the trust of voters of the Democratic party that they've placed in me to run this year. It was their decision to make, not the press, not the pundits, not the big donors. How can we stand for democracy in our nation if we ignore it in our own party? I cannot and will not do that. The question of how to move forward has been well aired for over a week now, and it's time for it to end. We have one job and that's to beat Donald Trump. We have 42 days to the convention hours and 119 days to the general election. Any weakening of resolve or lack of clarity about the task ahead only helps Trump and hurts us.


It's time to come together. So there you go. This is him saying, I won democracy. Listen to the will of the people. I mean, I have to say this is very rich, very rich coming from a guy Dave, who tried to take away the right of voters in several states to vote for Donald Trump by getting him bounced off, who unleashed the law fair against Trump to gotta try to get him put in jail so his voters couldn't vote for him. But now he wants to be the champion of, you know, the voters have spoken, so we're gonna just gonna have to do what they said. Ignoring the 72% of voters who, as James Carville's been jumping up about are saying, we don't want him. He's too old.


Yeah. You know, it's interesting because that is almost word part of that, anyways, almost word for word what you're hearing out of Trump world, right? Laura Trump chair of the RNC is making this very same argument that, well, wait a minute, If, you swap him out now then how can you call yourself a defender of democracy? Right? Es especially if the idea is that some small cabal is gonna decide, like if it's Harris or it's Newsom or or whoever it is. And look, I I think it's probably Joe Biden's best argument, but it doesn't change the basic facts on the ground. And as I mentioned at the top, like everybody kind of sees through the motivations here.


And, and, and so we're just in this very, very weird place where until we know for certain whether he's gonna be the nominee or not, I don't know when that's gonna be. We're just gonna be in, in this weird area of flux. But bet on this at the moment at which Republicans and the Trump campaign feel that the door is closed and Biden is 100% gonna be the nominee we are going to be right back at. He's unfit for office right now. And, and those attacks are gonna be devastating. And they haven't started yet. I mean, Republicans really haven't started attacking him on this issue yet. No. 'cause they want him that's coming Because that's exactly right. But if they there, That's the difference between the three of us sitting on this set, I think.


Which is like, or at least you know, you said it, Dave and I agreed with you. I don't wanna meet put words in your mouth too. But yeah, I care about the country. I don't, I'm not a partisan and so I want him out. I he cannot be the president anymore. He's not fit to be the president. Period. Yeah. And the let the chips fall that where they may in the election, I think Trump will be Kamala Harris. I think he'll, he'd probably be any of these others that they're offering Up. I think he, he's clearly the favorite against any of them. I mean, you know. Yeah, I think so. But yeah, it, it's, to me it's like we, we can't have an unfit, an infirm unfit president. We can't have that. And but right now, politically, Trump and Biden, Joe Biden, not bi, not Democrats are exactly on the same page.


Yeah. They both want Joe Biden to remain the nominee. Yeah. I Mean, that's amazing. If you take Out, I'm sorry, go ahead Stu. No, no, no worries. I, I mean, If you take out, you know, the, the survival of all of our families. Yeah. I mean I really want Joe Biden to be the, the president as well, you know, the nominee as well. I mean, I am torn on this a little bit, and when it comes to politics, I think quite clearly you want Joe Biden to remain the nominee. If you're, if you're Donald Trump or anyone who thinks the stuff that do Joe Biden has done has hurt the country. That's, that's what I believe. I, I, I'm a little more concerned with Kamala Harris than most just because Harris, who is terrible, I mean, she's absolutely terrible, clearly, but she's not worse at anything than Joe Biden is.


She is, you know, she's really, really bad at everything, but she's not worse at than Joe Biden at anything. And one thing that she does do, because we can go through the whole list of candidates, one thing we can be certain of is that the Democratic party is not going to pick another 81-year-old. Their largest problem in every poll with their own voters, with independence with Republicans, is how old the candidate is. And If, you solve that problem, all of a sudden you've got a 54 or 55-year-old running against a 78-year-old, and all of a sudden, you know, Donald Trump's comparative, you know, polling, which is much better than Biden's on the issue of age looks a lot worse. Yeah. Worse in that particular region.


If they could solve the one worst problem they have, it's certainly a more difficult path for Trump. And honestly, that scares me because you might not be looking at six months with Joe Biden as a bad president or an unfit president. You might be looking at eight and a half years of Kamala Harris. And I don't know, I mean, that sounds really bad as well. I'm not sure. I think this is like, you know, you go to the doctor and he, and he says you have lung cancer, and you're like, oh my God, that's terrible. And then he is like, but If, you wanna have pancreatic cancer, you can have that instead. Like neither of these is you just, you Just pulled lung cancer outta the air there, Megan. Oh, sorry Jane. Sorry, Sorry.


It's okay. I'm just saying not none, none of these is a good option. That's why the Democrats are such, I, I think it you that's pulling lung cancer outta the air. That's, that's kind of your gig isn't right. We're rooting for you Dave. We want you to live. Alright. When we come back a deep dive into that Parkinson's doctor and what he was doing at the White House, don't go away. Over the weekend there was some bombshell reporting on the story of President Biden's health reporting that could prove to be a key piece of the puzzle in determining what's wrong with him. First from the New York post's, John Levine, who reported that President Biden's personal doctor, a man named Kevin O'Connor met with a Parkinson's disease specialist at the White House back in January of this year.


That specialist name is Dr. Kevin Kenard. Okay. Kenard O'Connor's the main doctor. Kenard is the Parkinson's guy. Then on the heels of the New York Post reporting this news, Alex Berenson followed up and reported that this very same Parkinson's doctor actually visited the White House's residence clinic nine times over the past year. Most of the appointments set up by the Navy nurse who runs care for President Joe Biden. In fact, from what we've gleaned from the White House visitors log, we've looked at it now too. It's been on a near monthly basis that a Parkinson's specialist has been visiting the White House and the team that takes care of President Biden.


So we did some digging of our own, looked back at the dates that Kenard, the Parkinson's guy visited, and what was going on with President Biden at or around the time the visits actually started, not in this past January, but a year ago. July, 2023, earlier on the day of Dr. ards visit, the president traveled to Maine. Now in this video, you see him come down the stairs of Air Force One and fail to salute service members waiting at the bottom of the steps. That's standard protocol. All the presidents do this. He knows this. Instead, he just blows past them and starts looking around like he's lost. He then walks off to the side and stops again. At one point, you see him then walk back toward a Secret Service member standing in back of him.


He appears lost approximately a month, A month later, the doctor visited the White House again, the Parkinson's guy, days before he showed up, president Biden had been in Hawaii to survey the devastation from wildfires. While there, Mr. Biden struggled to say the names of various Hawaiian officials, including both of Hawaii's democratic senators. This made headlines at the time, and we here on the MK show, reported on it. Watch Brian Shan, our senator, Senator Maisie, by the way, Maisie, I told my granddaughter, whose name is Maisie as well. She said, that's why I like her Anyway, thank you.


But her name is Maisie as well. And, and Jill Kuda, The president also appeared to be very pale during that trip. Some suggesting he appeared to fall asleep at an event. Look at him in this video. He looks ghost white. A week later, Dr. Kard was at the White House again. This visit came days after President Biden made this incoherent and rambling comment about shootings that had happened in Florida. And he made numerous factual errors. Again, a story we reported at the time. And so we have to act against this hate fuel, violence, and just saw what's happening.


But by the way, almost five years to the day that five young blacks were killed in Jacksonville, I was earlier at the, at a, at a gun, not a gun shop, a a store there doing kids toys and but now, and we have to speak out at, there's a whole group of extreme people trying to erase history, trying to walk away from them. Mean the idea that we're sitting here. I never thought that I'd be president, let alone be president. And having a discussion on why books are being banned in American schools and, and as administration, we're gonna continue to march forward the job and freedom that we worked so hard for.


You can hear him again, slurry, not completing his thoughts, incoherent talking about this shooting. What seems to be happening here is, after speaking about a 2023 shooting in Florida, he was trying to discuss a different shooting that happened exactly five years earlier in Jacksonville. But he had all of the facts wrong. In that 2018 shooting, the gunman opened fire at a video game tournament at the Chicago Pizza Restaurant. Not a gun shop or a store doing kids' toys. Two were killed, not five, as he said.


One victim was black, one was white, not five young black people. Moving on now, the doctor visited again on October 13th, which was understandably a significant time of stress as the Hamas terror attack on Israel had just taken place. He again visited on November 17th, a day before President Biden had referred to China's president Xi as a dictator, causing the President's Secretary of State to visibly wince and shake his head president After today, would you still refer to President Xi as a dictator term that you used earlier this year? Well, look, he's, I mean, he's a dictator in the sense that he, he's a guy who runs the country. That is country that Based on the former governor, totally different than ours.


There was no White House visit listed in December, but the president was out of town for a large portion of that month. On January 17th, the doctor visited again, this is the visit that prompted the post to report on this today. And they, they saw it first And. it happened to come just days after the President mistakenly suggested that he was still in the Senate during an event in Pennsylvania. Of course, he has not been a US Senator since 2009. My name Joe Biden, I work, hi. President Biden also appeared to get lost while being introduced to people. He's let around stopped. He's wide-eyed.


He makes odd gestures. He looks down, then motions for someone to come Over before shaking hands. A few days later, during a rally in Virginia, president Biden mumbled a bizarre slurring message about women and former President Donald Trump. We'll Teach Donald Trump an a valuable lesson. Don't mess with the in America unless you wanna get the benefit. Two days later, on January 26th, that White House meeting occurred that the New York Post reported on involving four people, the Parkinson's expert, president Biden's personal doctor, a cardiologist, and an unidentified fourth person. We do know that President Biden was at the White House that day.


In fact, he had held meetings with congressional leaders. We also know that the President's official schedule was clear at the time of the doctor meeting. When questioned by the New York Post, a White House spokesman said, quote, A wide variety of specialists from the Walter Reed system visit the White House Complex to treat thousands of military personnel who work on the grounds. However, the spokesman person refused to answer questions about who the doctors were meeting with that day and did not say that it wasn't President Biden. About a month later, president Biden's personal doctor would issue his own summary about the President's health. After conducting his annual physical. He had noted that he had specialty consultations with various people from Walter Reed, but he did not name the doctors.


This is O'Connor. He's not naming Canard nor anyone else. He also noted the specialties included neurology and cardiology. Dr. Kevin O'Connor said that the other doctors concur with his findings and that President Biden continues to be fit for duty and fully executes all of his responsibilities without any exemptions or accommodations. That report was promptly panned by people such as former President Trump's and Obama's former doctor Ronnie Jackson. The whole report is absolutely ridiculous. It's nothing more than the White House's effort to check the box and hope that we'll move on from this.


The fact that they didn't do a cognitive test as part of this physical exam, they did a neurological exam. There's five parts to a neuro exam. One of them that they conveniently left out, the one that we care about is the mental status exam. They have nothing on his mental status. This was a complete joke, Dr. O'Connor. And you know, if, if, if he were serious about this, he would've done a thorough, comprehensive objective exam that it, that included a cognitive exam. And he would've stood up before the press in the press briefing room, told me truth, and he would've defended it and he would've answered questions. But he doesn't because he doesn't want to. He doesn't want to answer the questions 'cause he is gonna have to lie. Hmm. There would be another visit by the Parkinson's expert on March 28th and possibly more.


The White House visitor logs don't go beyond March, therefore, we have no way of verifying what happened in April, may, June, or July. So far what we do know, the White House some has some explaining to do, and the American people deserve answers. Back with me now, Stu and Dave. Guys, as far as we can tell, his very first appointment, we don't know if it was his, but the Parkinson's doctor's first appearance at the White House, as we said was a year ago, July of 2023. And he showed up, I think I said on the 28th. We found out that the appointment for him to show up was made on July 11th.


July 11th. Biden had been in the UK and appeared confused when he was meeting with King Charles. That may or may not have been the thing that set it off. Again, to underscore, we have no confirmation independently that all of those visits were for President Biden or were him examining President Biden. But the American people deserve answers because on many of these visits, he was seeing the president's doctor was the president there and Ronnie Jackson, the former doctor to Obama. And Trump says that this guy, Kevin O'Connor, is just a mouthpiece for Joe Biden. That's why Jill and Joe chose him, said openly that this guy would say anything they want him to say.


So there is plenty of reason to believe we are being misled by this White House. I don't know that the president has Parkinson's, but we deserve an answer on why a Parkinson's doctor visited the White House nine times over the past year. A cognitive exam was apparently not performed at the President's annual physical last February, and the President is refusing to take one. Now, your reaction to all this still, It's shocking that this could happen. It's not shocking that, you know, he might be dealing with issues like this. I mean, it, it seems to be pretty consistent. I've had relatives that have had Parkinson's, sadly, and it's a really, really difficult thing to go through.


As you point out. We don't know that that's what's going on, but it certainly would explain a lot when you listen to those sort of moments where he's slurring and, and having difficulties. And, and we did this thing on, on St. Stu, Does America a long time ago, where we had the Joe Biden, Joe Biden Triangle of Emotion, which was kind of, you could plot all of his gaffes on this triangle. And the three corners of it were funny, sad, and scary, and each one would kind of fit in a different slot. And at the beginning I felt like a lot of them were funny, not recently, but they all seem like they're sad or scary. I'm terrified for the future of our country. And I'm sad for this guy, even though I think he's been considerably damaging to the country.


I think he's been a terrible president, and I think he's done a lot of things to unravel the fabric of our nation constitutionally in, in so many other ways. But of course, as a, as a human being, you feel terrible watching this happen. And you feel terrible that he has people around him. Allowing this to happen, watching it in real time is really, really disconcerting. And, and you know, I go back, you mentioned Nate Silver earlier, who's a Democrat. Like he doesn't want Donald Trump elected, but back in February he wrote a piece talking about how probably is wise for the Democrats to switch out Joe Biden for somebody else. And what he said at the time was, look, 75% of the American people think he's too old and can't do this job right now.


And maybe we're wrong, but if we're wrong, let's have them. Let's take a moment now in February to prove it. Let's have him do over the next few weeks, four interviews. And he outlined kind of generalized categories. One with like a, you know, a major newspaper, one on one of the Sunday shows, one with maybe a center right outlet like the dispatch or something like that. Someone who would be tough, but you know, fair, maybe kind of a wild card interview like a Joe Rogan or something, that he'd be out of his element and just see how he handles those and we can kind of make a determination instead of doing that or something, some sort of approach like that to see what was really going on. They intentionally hid it from all of us. And while like it's true, they did have a massive coverup to hide this from reporters, it's hard to excuse them because any human being with any level of, of, of an inquisitive nature would realize you have to ask more and more questions.


You have to get to the bottom of this. And I think they all knew that this was going on at some level, but chose to hide it from us. And now they're getting burned by what they've created here. And so I feel really bad for him and his family, but I feel worse for the country because we are now in a situation where we have a president who obviously can't do this job and has been sheltered to an extent. That is disgusting. I mean, I don't know why they agreed to the debate in the first place. If they were gonna go down this road, they should have just said, I will not debate a, you know, convicted felon and hid even further. Right? I mean, I'm, thank God they actually allowed this debate to happen. So at least the American people can see this before it's too late.


Dave, what do you make of this? I mean, if we've had a Parkinson's, what we know, the Parkinson's doctor has been there almost every month over the past year. And if he was meeting with President Biden, the man who refuses to take a cognitive test, and by the way, he's got multiple expertise, so it could be another, you know, there's, there's other forms of dementia that he could potentially be handling. It's a massive scandal. And there wasn't a single White House reporter people who literally get paid to do things as tedious as look at the White House visitor logs every day. Who thought anything of it? Or is it that they understood it was dynamite and they didn't wanna touch it because they understood it could hurt him?


Well, I'm very confused because I've been constantly told that this is the most transparent White House in the history of the United States of America. Corrine Jean Pierre says that basically every day. And of course the reason that she says it is because it's so blatantly not true. And so obviously not true. So I, yeah, I, it it really is amazing. And but it, it's interesting. Stu said something interesting about that Nate Silver piece back in February, right? Because all three of us ha have spent the, I mean basically since Biden became president, we've all been asked over and over, do you think he's gonna run?


Do you think he's gonna run? My opinion varied over time. I was generally in sort of like the 50 50 range, but there was always one caveat that I mentioned. I always said, listen, you have to, you have to factor in a 10 to 15% chance that something just flat out medical happens, right? He has a stroke, he dies, he took, right? So the the, and that has to go in the, the half of of, of, you know, he's not gonna be the nominee. And I think that's what happened. I, I mean, increasingly to me, and I think that wonderful reporting by your team Megan, by the way, and also like how indispensable is the New York Post? Amazing. You know, and, and John Levine for, for, for finding that, that first story and opening the floodgates here.


But yeah, I I mean this is a mess everybody feels lied to. If if that guy's been there nine times in the, in the last year, Megan, like that's not, there's no, there's no innocent explanation for this. No, there isn't. And you know what, if, if there is, then give it to us. Let's hear. Yeah, exactly. Show, give us the name, tell us. Yeah. You know, you don't have to identify somebody because of hip hop, but you can say as general in the Navy. But that's my understanding is that they, he was there at least for sure on that first occasion to see the president's doctor as Kevin O'Connor and met with him. And as we pointed out, may have met with the president as well, who we understand was there that day and why, who was he seeing?


What, who goes, what doctor comes to the White House for some random staffer, right? The the random staffers like the rest of us go to the doctor. The doctor does not come to us. They deserve, we deserve answers about all of this. And whether the sitting president of the United States has Parkinson's or any other issue relating to brain health or cognition, the, the, they can't keep hiding it. Alright. I do wanna mention on the, on the subject of the lying White House liars, that it does appear to have been known by everybody around him. We weren't the only ones, we just were the only ones reporting it.


Now we're getting the more in-depth reveals about what they knew and when they knew it. And the latest is courtesy of Olivia Nzi, who's been on this program. She writes for New York Magazine. She's an excellent reporter. She and she does an in-depth piece entitled The President's Mental Decline was like a Dark Family Secret for many elite supporters. She's getting some shit for only posting this on July 4th. Right? Some of the things in here happened a long time ago, but I will say she did raise problems that she noted in the president's cognitive abilities back in 2020.


So this is not her first time reporting on this, unlike many on the left. But here's in part what she talks about. Yeah. She starts with a story about President Biden at a private New Jersey fundraiser with powerful Democrats and rich campaign donors. The Saturday after the debate, it was at Governor Phil Murphy of New Jersey's house. She says the content of his speech would matter less than his perceived capacity to speak coherently at all. Though much of what he would say would not be entirely decipherable. Reporters were whisked away the ones who were supposed to provide constant coverage of his movements. It was made clear that they would be permitted limited access to observe his remarks.


Instead, they were whisked away from the reception or wrangled. She said she began hearing stories about the president's mental health in January. And obviously she'd expressed some before that. In January, I began hearing similar stories from Democratic Officials Act activists and donors. All people who supported the president and were working to help reelect him, following encounters with the president. They had arrived at the same concern. Could he really do this for another four years? Could he even make it to election day? They did not wish to come forward with their stories. They did not wanna blow a whistle. When they did, discussed what they knew, what they'd seen, what they'd heard, they literally whispered.


They were scared and horrified, but they were also burdened. They needed to talk about it, though not on the record. They needed to know that they were not alone and not crazy. She writes, for example, about this disturbing interaction. Longtime friends, longtime friends of the Biden family who spoke to her condition of anonymity, were shocked to find the president did not remember their names. At a White White House event last year, our guest recalled with horror, realizing that the president would not be able to stay for the reception because it was clear he would not be able to make it through the reception. Number two, saying hello to one Democrat, mega donor and family friend at the White House.


Recently, the president stared blankly and nodded his head. The first lady intervened to whisper in her husband's ear, telling him say hello and giving him the donor's name and to thank them for their recent generosity. This is literally what we do with our three-year-olds. Say thank you to Mr. Whatever the neighbor who brought you this nice toy. The president repeated the words his wife had fed him. It hasn't been good for a long time. Said this democratic me mega donor. But it's gotten so, so much worse. A witness to the exchange told me so much worse. A few more she writes about Jill Biden seeing Olivia in April at the White House correspondence dinner.


They were in the basement for a photo op with the president in the basement. I smiled and said hello. She looked back at me with a confused, panicked expression. It was as if she had just received horrible news and was about to run out of the room and into some kind of a family emergency. Hi, she said. And she glanced over to her, right? Oh, I had not seen the president up close in some time. I had skipped this season's holiday parties and preoccupied with covering Trump's legal and political dramas. I followed the first lady's gaze and found the President. Now I understood her panicked expression up close. The President does not look quite plausible.


It's not that he's old. We all know what old looks like. Bernie Sanders is old. Mitch McConnell is old. Most of the ruling class is old. The president was something stranger, something not of this earth. My heart stopped as I extended my hand to greet the president. I tried to make eye contact, but it was like his eyes though open, were not on his face, had a waxy quality. He smiled. It was a sweet smile. It made me sad in a way I can't fully convey. I always thought, and I wrote that he was a decent man. If ambition was his only sin, And, it seemed to be she's on the left. He had committed no sin at all by the standards of most politicians I had covered.


He took my hand in his and I was startled by how it felt. Not cold, but cool. The basement was so warm that people were sweating and complaining. They were sweating. This was a silly black tie affair. I said, hello. She knew him well. She'd covered him for years. His sweet smile stayed frozen. He spoke very slowly and in a very soft voice. And what's your name? He asked, exiting the room after the photo. The group of reporters not instigated by me, I should note, made guesses about how dead he appeared to be, percentage wise. 40%. One of them asked, this was in April.


In April, guys, this is, this is a five alarm fire for the country. And the left can rally, Joe Biden can rally. Let's see if it'll include Schumer and Pelosi and Hakeem Jeffries. But the rest of us have an obligation to continue reporting the truth about his infirmity. Because what if they do get behind him, Dave, and they pull this man over the finish line and somehow, like we just saw happen in France, the left rises up at the last minute and says the right is too much for us.


And this guy gets reelected to another four years. Yeah, look, I I, I don't know. I mean, you know, maybe Biden needs to do like a a a balance of nature ad with like a before and after where like, you know, he's fine or something. I, I feel bad for, well, I don't feel bad, but I I I think new newsy was in a tough spot there, right? Like, this isn't something I have to deal with very often 'cause I'm a columnist, not a reporter, but reporters have to sit on things sometimes, right? The the whole reason that people are willing to give them information and access is because they trust that that information and access is, is going to be portrayed, is gonna be presented to the American people in a way that's not awful for them.


Right? There, there, there is a sort of game that goes on here. You know, I do wonder what the editorial relationship is like. The, the, it's always a little different. But like, if she's going back to her editors at New York Magazine in April and describing this encounter to them, then at that point, I think at least New York Magazine has an obligation to pursue that story. Even if they're not gonna burn her sources, even if they're gonna let her take her time, take and do whatever she's doing. You know, she, what she described, and I thought in, in pretty decent writing, there was the look in the eyes that they can't fix. It's exactly what we saw in the debate.


It's that vacant, as she put it. Otherworldly stare. And the fact of the matter is, Joe Biden could recite the entirety of Homer in perfect ancient Greek, but if his eyes look like that, he can't be president of the United States. And everybody knows it. She said she planned on publishing this before the debate, but that she was, she had to work on it. That she was trying to get those anonymous sources on the record. And the piece is always better when you actually have sources on the record. She's, to me, she doesn't seem like a reporter who's afraid of blow back. I mean, her 2020 piece was pretty brutal on Joe Biden. And she writes about how she was ostracized from the White House for a long time because of it.


So I, I'm gonna give her the benefit of the doubt. And it, I grateful she wrote the piece. It's a tough You got, but you gotta be careful, you know, like it's one of the pieces of advice. My mom was a criminal defense attorney and she represented a bunch of mobsters in Philly. And you know, she always told me, like her piece of advice was like, listen, you can represent them. You know, you can be cordial with them. You don't go to dinner, you don't go down the shore for a weekend, right? You don't go out on their boat because they get their hooks in you. And it's very hard for reporters because they need that access. And there is a, you know it Megan, there's a deal that goes on and it's hard to stay on the right side of the line there if we even know where that line is. Hmm. That's why I, one of the reasons why I liked my post at Fox, because I could always do whatever reporting I wanted to do on Republicans or Democrats, and they would still have to deal with me because I had such a powerful post there.


They couldn't ignore Fox News And. it was gonna be hard to ignore Me too. And over here, I've, I've wondered, I wondered when I launched the show, should I interview politicians? Because they certainly don't have to come on the Megyn, Kelly Show, right? But I don't wanna be somebody who goes soft on them because I need ongoing access. And I thought about it a lot before I interviewed Trump, before I interviewed DeSantis. And I think anybody who watched either one of those interviews, nevermind what, what I did with Nikki Haley when she came on, what all of them would know. I just chose to do journalism and let the chips fall where they may. But you're right, it, it's a, it's a consideration for those who are in the game. The, the fact that reporters are openly stew before this debate, talking about just how dead is he?


40% right? Those same reporters, none of whom take it off of Olivia. Who else reported this? Who, who else talked about Joe Biden in April at the White House Correspondence dinner in this condition? Nobody. And by the way, the first lady is gross. She's the villain in all of this, as far as I'm concerned. She's out there right now. This just came across my phone. Here she is in what? North Carolina. Yeah. She's in North Carolina saying she's all in on his reelection campaign. She plans to make three stops and in three separate states, Joe's made it clear he is all in.


And that's the decision he's made. Just as he's always supported me. I'm all into sure. It's just because he decided. So you're all in, all of us know if our spouse were in this condition, we would hug them right into retirement. We'd be sitting on the couch next to them watching Mat Locke. I think this president's in the condition where you can just keep repeating the same episode over and over and over. How dare she pretend this is a normal campaign, And. it was just a bad night. That's her messaging. He's repeating. Not the other way around. Yeah, I mean, I, it's, it's fascinating to watch this happen.


I, I, watching the media react to this, you know, I think it was Derek Thompson over at The Atlantic who I like, I think he does a lot of good stuff and he was kind of like frustrated about how well people are saying this wasn't covered. Of course, Biden's age was covered, And it was by some, I mean, we've mentioned a few of them that, you know, you know, Olivia did some of this. You know, Nate Silver is not really a reporter, but he talked about this. David Axelrod right? Was on television mentioning these sorts of concerns. There were some, but not nearly what was required for this moment. And as you go through that story, I mean, I, you know, I remember where I was standing in my house when I was on the phone with my grandma and for the first time she couldn't, she didn't know who I was.


Mm. I like, I, it's like one of the worst moments of my life, you know, I loved her to death. And every time I think about it, it's, it's terrible. Like, I remember that moment where she just couldn't track who I was anymore multi. I would remind her and multiple times in the conversation she would lose it and ask me again. It's a terrible, terrible thing. And the family's response to that was not to say, Hey, what else can we get out of her before she's gone? That was not yeah. Ever Part of the consideration. It was how do we make her comfortable? How do we make her last days the best that they can be? How do we spend time with her and enjoy her while she's still here, when she's still a little bit with us? It's the exact opposite calculation with these people.


And it's revolting. And, and the, the notion as reported in Politico this morning that they, they think he's got till Friday to really dazzle them. These Democrats like prove that he can, he can be the nominee. What a joke. What is that? All these stories that she's writing about match up with what we've seen with our very eyes. The waxy complexion, the seeming like you're not there. The getting lost all the time. The, the believing dead people are alive and alive. People are dead. You know, all of that ma And not knowing who people are, right? Like getting confused constantly about identity names, debtor alive, all of it.


We, we, there was just new reporting over the weekend. 'cause now the knives are out for him. About Jackie, remember the weirs Jackie moment when he thought Jackie Spires was alive? She was a Republican who had just died in a car crash shortly before this bipartisan event that he was celebrating. And she was part of the Republican coalition that joined with Dems to make this thing happen. He had gotten up and at that event he said, where's Jackie? She was, she was supposed to be here. Do we have it? Yeah, we have it. Here it is. Looks hot. 17. I want to thank all of you here for in including bipartisan elected officials like representative government, Senator Braun, Senator Booker, representative Jackie, are you here?


Where's Jackie? I, I didn't think she was, she wasn't gonna be here. Yeah, so just so the audience knows, they had run a an in memoria video about Jackie right before he stood up. His team helped put it together. He, he knew she was dead. She had recently passed and now it comes out that his team had put impromptu for him that she had died and to pay respects. So he couldn't even comprehend either what he had just read or what he'd skipped over. I, I'm not sure what his failing was there, but he couldn't hold on to the fact that she had died.


So all of what's in the Noy report, what matches up perfectly with what we've seen ourselves And. it is ongoing. Just this weekend he got out there and told this long rambling story. I don't, I'm not even gonna take a shot at trying to explain to you what this was about. I'm just gonna play it and you tell me when it's done, what this story was about Sod 16. But I I tell you what, once when after our, i, when we went to a local parade, a little parade and a little place called Hokes in Delaware, little right down the Pennsylvania border after our son had passed.


And I was sitting there at home thinking he was his favorite parade. So I decided just to go into it. And I was walking along in this small community and three guys, four guys about your size came running up to him. I thought the secret was gonna kill him. And when they came running up, swear to God, true story. He said, Joe, what's all this damn stuff about Pennsylvania? You're from Delaware. They from Delaware. Yeah. But it never gets, it never leaves you, Huh? And you can see at the end there, Dave, Jill Biden, she's behind him and when she realizes what he is doing, she starts moving right up. And we saw that again this week. Like that was this weekend. But we've seen that repeatedly.


Now. She's his handler. She's the one who's going to take the helm of stopping us from seeing his decline. Yeah. I I I, I mean I, I wrote in my column immediately after the debate. I mean, I wrote these words within five minutes of it ending. I said the question going into the debate was whether Joe Biden was fit to be president for four more years. The question after the debate was whether he was quick to be, to fit to be president for four more days. That right, that's where we are now. Think about the fact that we're deciding whether this guy should be president three years from now.


Oh my gosh. Right? This is not, it almost, I almost think of it this way, right? Three years when you're in your thirties or your forties or your fifties, eh, things change, right? It's not that big a difference, big difference between being 14 and 17, right? Big difference between being 12 and 15. Big difference. Most of the time between being 84 and 87, the fact that we're even contemplating this guy being in charge of the country, the most powerful man in the world for four more years, they're literally chanting four more years.


It's, it's objectively insane. I mean, nobody can look, don't, don't even look at Joe Biden from 2020. Don't make that comparison. Make the comparison to 2022. In the last two years he has changed completely. Like, like this is, this is madness. Yeah. The, the, just this past weekend on your diagram, stu of funny and sad. Now they're all sad. This one is sad, but it also, it's like kind of funny. I mean, I'm not gonna lie, when someone showed up to me, I was like, what? This is vice, this is, this is Biden claiming he was the first black woman to serve with a black president.


Sorry. But it was given on a radio interview with WURD in Philly over the weekend. It's so 11, Mr. Guy, as I said, questioning George Floyd's humanity led the birthing movement against President Obama, accused the Central Park five, they should be in jail. But I'm proud to be, as I said, the first vice president, first black woman to served with a black president, proud to the first black woman, the Supreme Court. There's just so much that we can do because together we, there's nothing, look this the United States America, Okay?


And he had the questions. Yeah. So he had the question, well, let's get to that next, but the, the fact that he can't even, like, he, he's not black and he is not a woman. And he was not either of those things ever. He just, he, and then the White House is mad that people are nitpicking his words in reaction to that clip and they got all over. Do you guys, do we have the, I think we, it's the one soundbite from Stephanopolis we didn't play. Is it sod eight where he talk, where he says Goodes, they're all over reporters for accurately reporting that he used the term goodest in his interview with George Stephanopoulos And If, you stay in and Trump is elected and everything you're warning about comes to pass.


How will you feel in January? I feel as long as I gave it my all and I did the goodest job as I know I can do, that's what this is about Saying. He said, good as, which by the way, If, you listen to the full sentence makes no sense either grammatically, this inact, none of it makes sense. But now they've started to nitpick all the reporters who are reporting on these gaffes as saying, oh, please, you know, you don't let 'em get away with anything. But meanwhile they've let 'em get away with everything st still. Hmm. That's, it's true. I, I am a little disappointed in you, Megan, for playing all these cheap fakes throughout the program, highly edited, misleading videos that make people think this guy's not on as sharp as attack.


It's, it's fascinating to, to, to watch this because all of the videos I think you've played that preceded the debate. I never read one mainstream media story discussing any of them. Now they were serious. He was lost. I mean, when you were talking about the p where the Parkinson's doctor and all those dates that you laid out like that, which was incredible. Each one of those was massive. Like, and, and conservative media hit that stuff. Like we would talk about it and they would say, oh, you're motivated as a partisan against him. And you know, of course, like obviously I don't think he's a good president and I don't want him to be president. So I think it's important for people to know this.


It's important either way, even if he's a great president, but like watching the media switch is remarkable. I mean, it must be incredibly jarring for the White House. There was a, another clip from this weekend that came out in an, I saw it read in a New York Times story, and they de described how he went on this tour. He was trying to prove himself capable, but he was still making these incredible gaffes and they point out that Don is 4th of July speech to military families. He called Donald J. Trump, quote, one of our colleagues, the former president. We have that. Yeah, yeah. We we have that standby. I think it's so 13. Yeah. Listen, And by the way, you know, I was in a, that World War I cemetery at in France and the one that my, one of our co the former president didn't want to go and be up there.


I probably shouldn't even say it anyway. We gotta just remember who the hell we are. Oh my, this is what he does advice. He, he always starts he'll, he'll swear now to sort of cover up a gaff he'll, he'll say anyway, just to sort of change his train of thought abruptly in the middle of a sentence. Be to cover up his incapacities still. Yeah. And, and I mean, like, we, we, we played, I don't know, you've played probably about 20 different pieces of sound and video here in the show, and you weren't even really planning to play that one because it was sort of unremarkable, right? It was like, you're right. No, it wasn't, it wasn't bad.


Like honestly, probably doesn't even make the show cut today. Like it's probably on the cutting room floor. Yet the New York Times is highlighting it like what changed here. All of a sudden they've realized that their goal, which is the same, to not let Donald Trump be president, is now served by getting this man out instead of keeping him in and hiding everything. Right? All of a sudden their mi their goal is, is the same, but their mission has changed in a way. So now you've got Jill Biden running to block him, you know, from making another mistake. And weirdly, Ashley Biden reappears on the scene at the 4th of July celebration at the White House. I'm gonna show you this video, very strange.


It shows President Obama dancing and arms wrapped around him, sorry, president of Biden dancing. We kind of standing there looking at the fireworks with arms wrapped around him. Those are Ashley Biden's wrapped around him. And I don't know why this is such an odd shot, but then suddenly you're gonna see her arms go up and she starts kind of dancing. This is the one who said she took inappropriate showers with him in her diary dancing. Okay? And now she bends down and gives the press or the, the visitors, the ICU, like the fingers in the eyes and then pointing back to the people. I'm not sure what that's about. Is that a reference to the diary?


Is that, is she trying to, I don't know what's happening there, but the whole family is reportedly rallying around him. And now there are reports that there's a rift between the family and senior staff that's playing out. This is 100%. This is the senior staff saying the reason they're talking about getting rid of people like Anita Dunn is pre debate scores that the evil families trying to settle. But this is one of the last stages of dying for a politician when the family and the intimate staff start publicly turning on one another. Yeah, I mean we, we've, we've, we've seen it a lot. I mean, I think you saw this in, in, i I remember this happening in the McCain campaign back in 2008 over like Palin and stuff like that, right?


And, and, and you know, there's books about it and stuff. There, there was this sort of public dispute between the campaign and the family and like, and like, what are doing? Yeah. That, that's a bad sign. And you know, Steve's right? You keep playing these things. I mean, now you have to remember all the times that he went out in front of the media and said, oh, I, I better not 'cause they're gonna get mad at me, right? Yes. Remember all, you know, he would always do that. He'd go out and he'd completely changed American foreign policy in a speech and like 10 minutes later there's texts coming out from the White House like, oh, he didn't mean that. Right? That's, that's not what he meant. So yeah, I mean there's just, there's a mountain of, of these things.


And I think what, what we've been poking at from different directions throughout the show is that y you know, yeah, we have very good reason to suspect that it was bad. And yes, most of the liberal me, well probably all of the liberal media chose to ignore very obvious signs. But we're pa we're past it. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're past it. Now you can't, it's Too late. The jig is up. There's a drug you can give him. There's, there's nothing. You, you, again, you can't get that look out of his eyes. So now was a control, everything, right? So now Jill, Jill Biden tries to do the corral. So now I guess Ashley Biden's literally putting her arms around him to try to hold 'em up or show support.


I don't know what the reason is. And the White House meanwhile is doing what it can, releasing the preferred questions to these radio hosts. This is the comeback tour. This is him trying to prove he's still got, he's still vigorous. And so why do they feel the need to give prescripted questions to interviewers over the weekend as he tries to prove his vigor? Well, that's what happened in the case of two interviews he gave to, let's see, civic Media radio host Earl Ingram in Madison, Wisconsin, and WURD radio host Andrea Lawful Sanders in Philadelphia, both have large black listener audiences. Neither is a journalist, but they were doing interviews of the president and they humiliated themselves because they accepted, said questions and asked them, I'm sorry, the sin is on them.


The White House is disgusting and clearly doesn't believe in Joe Biden. But to actually ask the question when your integrity has been insulted in this way, is to affirm the White House's assumptions about you that you are a lap dog and you will do as instructed. And now the latter, Andrea lawful Sanders has been fired, which is the right move, good for WURD. She never should have done it. And bizarrely these two got on the air with CNN's Victor Blackwell and admitted it. That's how we found out. He asked them the question, you know, these sound kind of like the same questions.


How, how did that happen? And I think we have them admitting it and sought 10 or at least one of them. Were those questions given to you by the White House, or did you have or the campaign, or did you have to submit questions ahead of this interview? The questions were sent to me for approval. I approved to them. Okay, so the White House sent the questions to you ahead of the interview? Yes. Okay. I I got several questions. Eight of them and the four that were chosen were the ones that I approved. And the gentleman later admitted he did the same though as far as I know, has not yet been fired. Nothing says he's robust and can do this job.


Like, please for the love of God, ask these pre-approved questions. Please. It's incredible. I mean, the fact that that guy was admitted and the fact that they would even attempt it in the middle of this sort of comeback tour where he's supposed to prove his virility. I mean, it's just malpractice at a state that I can't even imagine. And like I, you know, at some level, you, you think of these people who are working behind the scenes trying to keep this guy in power by any means necessary. And If, you suck out sort of the, the disgusting nature of that for a second. And just think of it as a job. It's gotta be a really difficult job, right? I don't know how you do it. I mean, I was watching him at this black church he was at this weekend and he's, he's sitting there and there's people are are standing there, he's standing.


People are dancing around him and he just, that same empty look just staring around. He was sitting at one point, a friend of mine said he looked like Scott Bakula from Quantum Leap because he would always be dropped into these situations that he didn't know where he was and he would have to sit there I that show and try to, I love that joke too. And he would have to sit there quietly like trying to figure out who he was and what he was supposed to do there. That's what it is for Joe Biden every single day. And like If, you could have just told him, Joe, just look around and smile. You're at, you're at a little bit of a party, you look around, it's a fun day. The church is there, everyone's excited. Can't do it. All you have to do is smile and nobody will notice at all.


Yeah, I'm sure they told him that, but He couldn't. If he were capable of it, it would've been done. I gotta go. You guys, you're the best. Thanks so much for being here, Stu and Dave,


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Happy belated Independence Day. Hope you had a great fourth. As you may know, we have an annual celebration at our house. We do it every year and hence annual. But this year I was not sure at all that we could pull it off. In fact, I did not think we were gonna be able to do it. We were in a rental this summer as our house is having some work done at and I just wasn't sure like where, where are the costumes, where are the decorations? Whether the logistics could work at the rental. We were two weeks in Scandinavia. It was just a lot, but more I thought about it, the more I realized this is actually an important party. It's important to me, to my family, and I actually think it's got some importance to our friends and our neighbors at this point too.


It's not just a celebration, it's a life lesson about the incredibly special foundation of our country and it's a chance to bond with our community over our shared patriotism. Something of great value. And sadly, it's more and more scarce these days. It's also something else, A great musical tradition. And those are important too. Year after year people get used to the commitment of being with one another on this one day saying the pledge together, sing, singing the anthem together, making the country's birthday a real salute to our shared ideals.


Our friends come over in the days beforehand to try on their costumes, which I get for the team because it's just fun for me. We play patriotic music and maybe have a glass of wine this year. My hairstylist did our hair like colonial ladies. We skipped the wigs. Most of us gals And. it was such a joy getting ready with my friends. This is the before picture. Our kids and their friends never say no when we ask them to suit up. They don their get ups just as readily as the adults do. And everyone knows what a fun day this is. They have zero qualms about dressing the part. It really does add something to the festive nature of things, right?


To have like kind of just the costumes and the, the whole production. On the big day we put on a little play about the lead up to the Declaration of Independence and the state of mind of the founding fathers at that point before we get to the big reading and those of us who are on stage meet and go over the script that Doug and I draft together, that too was entertaining and full of anticipation this year. Those of us were, we were in the kitchen and we read it And. it was so fun, like, you know, like a table read. And then we did a shot of tequila before we went. And I think that's also what Thomas Jefferson did before he, we laugh at ourselves at each other. We get into character and all the absurd over the top ways a hoop skirt or a colonial wig might inspire.


This year we actually stole a few lines from the play. The American Revolution in which you may remember, our 10-year-old Thatcher played Betsy Ross earlier this year, along with his fourth grade buddies. Here we are on the fourth with some of those borrowed lines. A line has been drawn an I for one and prepared to cross it. I am with you brother, no more driving on the left hand side of the road. No more calling soccer, football, Give me liberty or give me death. Then it was onto the main event, the reading of the declaration, which really is stirring when you hear it read out loud. And with vigor, We hold that these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal.


That they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights. That among these are life, liberty, and a pursuit of happiness. It is their right. It is their duty to throw off such government and to provide new guards for their future security. Yes. And so for the support of this declaration with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. But the best part, the absolute best part has become the big finish, which is when the marching band comes down the street pounding away on their drums as they approach only to burst into song upon arrival, including of course the national anthem.


Ah, we started this last year And. it was a herculean effort to find a marching band, as you may have guessed. But my assistant, Abigail Fein, has magical powers that made it happen for me. This moment is pure happiness. Last year and this year I cried tears of joy when that marching band came down the street. There's just something about them. And you know, I had many of my friends stop me and say they had the same feeling. People are looking to feel patriotic. They're looking to be reminded about what's great about this country and feel all the feels that you get when you sing those words. And think about the lyrics of the anthem, looking around, seeing our kids singing it hands on their hearts alongside our neighbors, our friends, our community, all joined together in song, in celebration of America.


It's one of those moments you experience knowing every second that passes has become an instant treasured memory. Eventually the party wound down and some of our friends migrated to the backyard where we let our hair down a bit and partied, colonial style, able to relax now that the big show is over and just enjoy being in each other's company. We wrap the evening watching the fireworks together, the bombs bursting in air, thinking about the beauty and the majesty and the excitement of the night sky and of the day behind us. On Sunday, our family went to mass where as they did last year, they ended the mass with a congregation singing God Bless America.


What a perfect and beautiful way to cap off our celebratory weekend. And though I'm pretty sure it's not allowed, I did sneak a recording of the moment. I didn't get anybody on camera because I wanted you to share it.


Ah, what a way to end the mass If. you were born in the United States of America. You hit the lottery, the home of the free and the brave. A place where anything is possible, where merit and hard work can make all the difference for anyone irrespective of class or background, where the poorest of kids can grow up to be President, black, white, doesn't matter where A kid like JD Vance, I've been thinking about him lately, who is raised in Appalachia without a steady father figure with soda in his baby bottle with verbal and physical abuse, all too frequent can grow up to find himself on the short list for vice president of the United States.


That's us. The land of opportunity. Yes, still more than ever. In fact, America, the liberator of Europe and Savior of the world, the winner of the Cold War, the world's, world's greatest superpower. Still the dominant force in the global order, still the country that invented rock and roll, the personal computer, the internet, the light bulb, the airplane, blue jeans, the polio vaccine, the telephone, movies slice to bread. That was us, the country to which millions all over the world flock, hoping for a chance at a better life.


Immigration remains a tough issue in the us but there is a reason that by a wide margin, America has more immigrants than any other country in the world. People would do anything to live here, to have an American passport, American birthrights, American rights. And most of us were born with that. So celebrate not just on July 4th, but every day. Take some time to treasure the gift of being an American and say happy Birthday to this gorgeous country of ours with its sweeping planes, majestic mountains, sparkling natural lakes, borders, flanked by deep blue oceans and tell your kids to do it too.


Godspeed America. And God bless. Thanks for joining me today. See you tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.