
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Wednesday, April 9th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. New details on the alleged would Be Trump Assassin plans, including plans to purchase a rocket launcher from Ukraine. Pound for pound coal is the single most reliable, durable, secure, and powerful form of energy. President Trump announcing a new slate of executive orders to boost the coal industry, the Supreme Court sides with the Trump administration. For the third time in a week, China did not build this canal. China does not operate this canal, and China will not weaponize this canal.


And defense Secretary Hegseth putting China on notice with a warning about who controls the Panama Canal. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


So many people these days are focusing on getting healthy and speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They are proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need, they have over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with the code Megan invest in your health and Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com. Use the code Megan to get 20% off. That's We Heart Nutrition dot com code. Megan


Federal prosecutors writing in a court filing this week that alleged would Be Trump Assassin Ryan Wesley Ruth attempted to purchase a rocket launcher from Ukraine in the weeks leading up to the planned attack. The 58-year-old suspect who was caught lying in wait for Trump at one of his Florida golf courses previously wrote to a Ukrainian contact quote, send me an RPG rocket propelled grenade or stinger and I will see what we can do. Trump is not good for Ukraine. Mr. Ruth inquiring about purchase options and shipping. Writing quote, going to the local store for such an item is impossible, however you are at war. So those items lost and destroyed daily, one missing would not be noticed.


The filing alleges Mr. Ruth spent considerable time researching then candidate Trump's movements, the Trump golf course and possible escape routes. The suspect also sent a picture to the Ukrainian contact whose identity and position remain unknown of Trump Force one riding Trump's plane. He gets on and off daily. Prosecutors say Mr. Ruth illegally purchased an SKS rifle setting up a sniper hideout near Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach. In the early morning hours of September 15th, Mr. Trump set to play. A round later that day in the early afternoon, secret service agents spotting the barrel of a rifle poking out of the bushes.


Along the course agents opening fire, the suspect escaping through the trees. Approximately 40 minutes later, authorities stopping Mr. Ruth on the interstate police recovering handwritten notes with dates of venues where Mr. Trump had appeared or was scheduled to appear. Two cell phones and a handwritten letter titled, dear World Stating This was an assassination attempt on Donald Trump, But I am so sorry I failed you. Investigators also collecting a trove of digital evidence from Mr. Ruth's Hawaii home. 18 phones, three computers, three tablets, 3000 photos, financial records, social media records too.


President Trump last week suggesting he may release the files on Mr. Ruth And a couple of 'em had some strange markings on them. So yeah, I wanna find out and I would be willing to release it. I mean I maybe there's a reason that we shouldn't, so I don't want to get too far ahead of my skis, but yeah, I would be very willing to release that Prosecutor, say Mr. Ruth was also in contact with a man in Mexico attempting to coordinate his post assassination escape charges against Mr. Ruth include the attempted assassination of a presidential candidate possessing a firearm and furtherance of a crime of violence, assaulting a federal officer felon in possession of a firearm and ammunition and possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number.


Mr. Ruth plead not guilty to all charges attorneys for Mr. Ruth attempting to exclude an eyewitness account from his upcoming trial. The witness only identified as TCM saying on the day of the planned attack. He saw a man jump out of the bushes and flee into a black Nissan car. Defense attorney's writing in a Monday filing The identification procedures used to implicate Mr. Ruth in this case were impermissibly suggestive. Mr. Ruth's trial is set to begin this December. He faces life in prison if convicted. President Trump on Tuesday signing executive orders aimed at boosting coal industry production, coal miners wearing hard hats and reflective gear flanking President Trump in the White House for the announcement.


For years, people would just bemoaned this industry and and decimate the industry for absolutely no reason. Because with modern technology and all of the other things that we do, it's one of the great great forms of energy. Joe Biden and congressional Democrats tried to abolish the American coal industry. They did everything in their power, shutting down dozens of coal plants, banning coal leases on federal lands and putting thousands and thousands of coal miners out of work. The Democrats Green new scam killed jobs and sent prices soaring here in America.


But meanwhile, China opened two coal plants every single week. The executive orders instruct the Interior department to resume coal leasing on millions of acres of public lands. Lift burdensome Biden era policies, promote grid reliability and direct the DOJ to pursue cases against left wing states with policies against coal. Since January, various agencies and departments making efforts to unlock coal mining across the us, the EPA, reducing restrictions on plant emissions Interior approving the expansion of a Montana coal mine and President Trump citing the rise of AI, creating an urgent need for more energy production.


A 2024 study by the energy department concluding the US needs to double the size of the grid. In the next couple of decades, president Trump aiming to meet the need in part by spurring more coal production. I'm also directing secretary right to use billions of dollars in federal funding to invest in the next generation of coal technology, which is an amazing technology in terms of getting the full potential of coal and also doing it a very clean environmental way. Pound for pound coal is the single most reliable, durable, secure, and powerful form of energy. It's cheap, incredibly efficient, high density, and it's almost indestructible.


Most importantly, we have more of it here in America than anywhere else on earth. Coal powered energy became a political football over the last decade. In January, 2016, president Obama issuing a moratorium on federal coal leases on public lands, Hillary Clinton made clear she wanted to kill the coal industry. President Trump reversing the Obama order in 2017 only to see it reimposed by the Biden administration. President Trump announcing the administration is working to make the latest orders permanent. We're we're going to give a guarantee that the business will not be terminated by the ups and downs of the world of politics.


So should somebody come in to this very important office and say, oh, well you spent hundreds of millions of dollars and you guys have given up your life because you wanna be in coal, and then all of a sudden you don't have a life anymore 'cause it's what You know the best. That's not gonna happen. We're gonna give a guarantee that it's not gonna happen, so that if somebody comes in, they cannot change it at a whim. They cannot just gonna go. They're gonna have to go through hell to close you up These latest orders. Part of a broader push to dramatically refocus the federal government via executive authority. CNN Analyst, Harry Enton. Breaking it down, I think there was this concern among some folks that Donald Trump would come in for a second term and kind of be a lame duck.


He ain't no lame duck. If anything, he's a soaring eagle. What am I talking about here? Let's talk about Trump executive orders in 2025. He's already signed 111 so far. That is the most at this point in a presidency and at least a hundred years in Trump's approach to presidential power. I think the American people recognize what he's doing here is completely different. We're talking get this 86% of the American public beliefs that Trump's approach to presidential power is completely different from past presidents compared to only 14% who believe it is in line with President. And we're talking about at least 79% of Democrats, independents, and Republicans Coming up the Supreme Court, backing the Trump administration for the third time in a week.


And defense secretary Pete Hegseth Warns China, they have no claim to the Panama Canal


Now more than ever. It's important to shop with brands that share your values, and that's why I wanna tell you about Nimi Skincare built on faith, family, and freedom. Nimi is proudly pro-America with products made right here in the USA. They don't shy away from what they believe. While most skincare brands are busy pushing progressive messaging Nimi never did, and women across the country noticed and the products incredible. From gentle cleansers to age defying creams, Nimi offers clean fragrance free formulas, love the fragrance free that are safer, sensitive skin like mine, and powerful enough to deliver real results. Get 10% off your order at Nimi Skincare dot com by using the code MK at checkout. That's NIMI skincare.com. If you're tired of giving your money to companies that do not respect your values, consider making the switch. Nimi Skincare, where modern skincare meets timeless values.


The Supreme Court once again backing the Trump administration. This week on Tuesday, the court blocking a lower court order, demanding that the Trump administration rehire thousands of provisional federal employees let go in mass layoffs. The thinking had been their provisional and would be easier to fire. On March 13th, Clinton appointed District Court Judge William Alsup in San Francisco, ordering the administration to reinstate the provisional employees, approximately 16,000 of them across six agencies, agriculture, defense Energy, interior Treasury, and the va. In a seven two decision, the court ruling the organizations bringing the case lack standing as individual workers who had been fired were not involved in the suit at all.


The unsigned order, leaving the door open for individual employees to commence their own challenges under the Administrative Procedure Act. The justices yet to weigh in on a similar injunction from an Obama appointed judge out of Maryland, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth on Tuesday visiting Panama. In an effort to curb Chinese influence on the highly strategic waterway, China did not build this canal. China does not operate this canal, and China will not weaponize this canal. Together with Panama in the lead, we will keep the canal secure and available for all nations through the deterrent power of the strongest, most effective and most lethal fighting force in the world.


We will do this in partnership with Panama. Together we will take back the Panama Canal from China's influence and we will do this along with other capable like-minded allies and partners. This is what peace through strength looks like. The visit on the heels of two major developments in the region. In February, Panama announcing an early departure from the Chinese Belt and Road Initiative, an infrastructure agreement designed to force developing nations into dependence on China. In March, a Hong Kong company operating two ports on either side of the canal, announcing a sale to American company BlackRock, secretary Hegseth, laying out the vital importance of the canal to US interests.


President Trump today recognizes the canal's rightful place as the center of our shared hemisphere. It connects two continents and two oceans transporting over $250 billion in goods per year. And 40% of US shipping 70% of the ships that pass through this canal are going to or from US ports courts. It saves nearly 8,000 miles for shipping, traveling between our coasts, President Trump making control of the canal a day one priority of his second term. Mr. Trump not ruling out reclaiming the canal with military force.


Possible plans of a DC military parade in the works. The hill reporting an unnamed army official saying there are plans for a parade that will involve the Army. Political reporting. The White House denies a parade has been scheduled, but DC Mayor Muriel Bowser confirming discussions with the administration, the army celebrating its 250th birthday on June 14th, the same day as President Trump's 79th birthday. The idea of a military parade in the Capitol inspired by President Trump's 2017 visit to France on Bastille Day. Mr. Trump teasing French President Emmanuel Macron in a joint press conference months later. I do want to say that I was your guest at Castile Day, And it was one of the greatest parades I've ever seen.


It was two hours on the button And it was military might, and I think a tremendous thing for France and for the spirit of France. And to a large extent, because of what I witnessed. We may do something like that on July 4th in Washington, down in Pennsylvania. I don't know. We're gonna have to try And it In 2018, plans for a military parade scrapped following complaints of high costs, of safety measures. Estimated to be around $90 million. Though this time around. Doge saves about that much every couple of hours. So we'll see. That'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show.


Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.