
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Oh, we have a lot to talk about. The fallout from joy Reeds firing at M-S-N-B-C continues. She signed off from the show for the last time last night. I mean, You know, we are gonna miss her in our own special way. And her now, former colleague Rachel Maddow, never one, to not be the center of attention if she can find a way of injecting herself into a story, decided to deliver a monologue aimed directly at her bosses.


And this is the theme of what we saw. I looked it up today just so I would know the actual definition. Miriam Webster sanctimony affected or hypocritical holiness. Wikipedia describes sanctimony as a feeling or display of moral superiority. Here's another one for you. Self-righteous from Oxford. A certainty, especially an unfounded one. That one is totally correct or morally superior.


I give you Rachel Maddow, we will kick it off with SAT seven. In all of the jobs I have had in all of the years, I have been alive. There is no colleague for whom I have had more affection and more respect than Joy Reid. I love everything about her. I have learned so much from her. I have so much more to learn from her. I do not want to lose her as a colleague here at M-S-N-B-C. And personally, I think it is a bad mistake to let her walk out the door. It is not my call, and I understand that. I will tell you, it is also unnerving to see that on a network where we've got two count 'em, two non-white hosts in primetime, both of our non-white hosts in primetime are losing their shows as is Katie Fang on the weekend.


And that feels worse than bad no matter who replaces them. That feels indefensible. And I do not defend it. And I do not defend it. It feels indefensible and I do not defend it. Okay? She really is one of the most, maybe she the most annoying people on television. She oozes sanctimony and self-righteousness. And here's the real capper. She took her boss's faces and rubbed them in shit last night. That's what she did. I you, the guy who oversees, she's got two bosses now, right?


All right. She's got the first boss who's new. I've gotta look up her num her name because I don't remember her name. What's her name? Steve Rebecca Cutler. Okay. Who answers to a different boss who's above Rebecca Cutler? His name is Mark Lazarus. His current title is prospective Chief Executive Officer of spinco. That's Comcast plan, spinoff of M-S-N-B-C. Basically, he's responsible for the company's networks. Well, Rebecca and Mark, do you have any spines whatsoever? Are you actually going to let an employee, that's what she is? Rachel Maddow talk about you, your company, and your decision making this way.


Mr. Lazarus, do you have any testosterone? Do you have any testicular fortitude to stand up for yourself as a professional and executive? Nevermind a man and tell this woman, you are fired too. You are fired for insubordination and for disparaging the network publicly in front of our four viewers. We're very upset about what they must now think. Why don't you, I, if one of my employees ever did this to me, let's say, You know, we start an MK network and we have MK employees who go from being my producers to, to going out there and offering commentary.


It's happened in many places, and they did this. I would fire them so fast and I would not be, you couldn't get me to back down with claims of, oh, you're, you're, You know, it's a viewpoint discrimination. You're, you're cracking down a free speech. No, you work for me that you work for me. I'm gonna give you my airwaves so you can go out there and rip on me. No, that's not going to happen. And look, it's one thing if you're in the miss middle of a whistleblower scandal, all right? You know, I actually thought it was to her credit when she called them out at mb at NBC when they were lying about not having the Harvey Weinstein story knocked down.


That was one thing, but just getting on to randomly disagree with their decisions and accuse them of racism, because you would've come to a different conclusion. She should be fired. They won't fire her because I don't say the P word, but they are a bunch of PS and they, she's the only one who comes close to putting numbers on the board. It's all relative, trust me. But, You know, thinnest kid at fat camp and all, and so they're not gonna fire her. But what she got away with on the air last night was absolutely disrespectful and it was insubordinate. And it is just evidence of how she is affected.


She, she is, she is somebody who evinces an affected or hypocritical holiness, a feeling or display of moral superiority. You really have to watch the whole five minute bit, but I'm gonna take you through it, okay? Before we have our guest come, she starts off by saying, I'm gonna take a little point of personal privilege here for just a moment, if it is okay with you. Well, we're your prisoners, Rachel? So, yeah, go ahead. You may have already heard about these changes. Announced M-S-N-B-C, the new president of our network goes nameless. Rebecca does not get a name. Made it official today. This woman just took over on February 12th. By the way, it's not her, it's not her doing this. Definitely came from all the way up.


I, I guarantee you, this was a Comcast call. This is probably Brian Roberts call. Rumor has it that he couldn't stand Joy Reid, which makes sense because she hates white people and he is one. So that's probably how that went down. Brian Roberts is not a complete lunatic. He's a businessman and he likes making money. And that's why, You know, as long as N-B-N-B-C was doing well, he kinda let the machine go. But now it's hemorrhaging money. And so you start to take aim at the most annoying and weak actors first. And that, sadly, joy is where you felt on both counts. So it's not this woman Rebecca's fault, but Rachel Maddow would like to go out there and pilly all of them, including the new president who made it official today.


Some of the shows are moving, blah, blah, blah. Then she wants everyone to be assured that she, she is here. Go, she's going to be here five days a week for the first hundred days of Trump's Trump's presidency as planned. Okay? But as planned, I'm going back to just Mondays after I'm, hell no, I'm not working five days a week on an ongoing basis. Here's just a little of that In prime time. Just so You know, I am here five days a week for the first hundred days of Trump's presidency as planned. Oh, thank God. And as planned, I will go back to just Mondays after that. That is not changing.


Hell no. Why would I change that? Not working full-time for my first 30 million and now $25 million a year. She had to take a pay cut. You see, maybe you've had to take a pay cut at your job recently, given the economy, did you go from 30 to 25 million and then act like you took one for the team. Aw, little smallest violin for poor Rachel Maddow down to 25 million meager bucks a year. But that's not changing. I, I agreed to do first a hundred days, five nights in the anchor chair. But I'm not agreeing to come back full time because I'm Rachel Maddow and I run this network. I run you Brian, and I run you Mark Lazarus, and I run you Rebecca.


And if you don't like it, you can kiss my lesbian white fat ass. That's really what she's saying. And they will, they will. 'cause they have so far and they've let her get away with hell. Okay? She points out that Alex Wagner is not coming back at nine. She will be a senior political analyst that's obviously demotion. I don't have to walk you through why Jen Psaki will take over doing the other four hours of Rachel Maddow's 9:00 PM She talks about Joy, who is not taking a different job at the network. She's leaving the network altogether. And that is very, very hard to take.


Very, very hard to take. I'm 51 years old. I have been gainfully employed since I was 12, and I have had so many different kinds of jobs. You wouldn't believe me if I told you, oh, are you just a woman of the people? Why don't you tell us, walk us back to when you were a normal person. Because now with your $30 million a year and your multiple homes for doing no work, not many of us can really relate to you. I'm gonna be honest. All right, miss, what was it? Stanford, an Oxford Rhodes scholar. It's possible you lost your tether to the normal people of the world. Even if you want us to believe you that you've had so many different kinds of jobs, you wouldn't believe me if I told you.


Why is that? We wouldn't believe you because you've become such an out of touch, elitist snob that nobody would understand if you had any sort of a working class experience in your background. Okay? She goes on. But in, I'll get to that in a second, Deb. But in all the jobs I've had, in all the years I have been alive, there is no colleague for whom I have had more affection and more respect than Joy. Reid, I'm gonna tell you something. I played part of this at the top. This is over the top, and I'm going to put it on the table. I think it's racial. I think she is saying this in, in the way people say some of my best friends are black.


It's, it's like, see how much I love my black colleague? Listen to how she talks. There is no colleague for whom I have and more affection or more respect than Joy Reid. I love everything about her. I have learned so much from her. I have so much more to learn from her. Let me make sure I put myself in this subservient position to Joy Reid, because that is what we do in the Robin DeAngelo field of being an anti-racist, the Imex Kendi field of being an anti-racist. We just put on our listening ears, remember the girl and the white women for Kamala? And we learn.


We listen and God forbid, we feel the need to correct a person of color, we stop and take a beat because people of color can't be wrong and they can't be fired either, unless they are, in which case then everybody on the left side has to yell racism. And also that they were my best friend and I greatly respected them more than anybody. And I learned so much of them. And I have more to learn. Okay? It's a form of self-flagellation. And it's pretty obvious. This is not how normal people talk about their colleagues. She's doing this for effect, okay? I do not want to lose her as a colleague here at M-S-N-B-C.


And personally, I think it is a bad mistake to let her walk out the door. And by the way, think of what like a fuck you. This is really to her network, which is paying her the 30 million or 25 million a year. Like who asked her? She's not breaking news here. She's just offering her opinion. My employer fucking sucks. And I think is actually kind of racist. Like you needed to go on the air with that. That's what a door is for. You go and you knock on it, and you talk to your bosses directly. If you disagree with the decision that they have made, you're not, this is not the Pentagon Papers here. This is not calling them out on their lies about Harvey Weinstein, which she did to her credit. This is, I disagree with your decision and I think you're a racist. Well, if you really think that, then you should not be working there.


Why don't you take your 25 million and walk, sister, put your money where your mouth is, you already have enough money to get you through the rest of your life. If you're really so disgusted with the racism over there, and I'll get to more of her accusations that her bosses are racist, then leave. Why do you wanna work for a bunch of racist, Rachel? It's gonna be that you have a tinge of racism inside of you as well, which is why you feel the need to make such a big deal out of your friendship with the, the black co-host who you respect more than anybody you've ever worked with, ever, okay? She goes out. It's not my call, and I understand that, but that's what I think I will tell you. It is also unnerving, and you heard this up top to see that on a network where we have two and she does the, she does the fingers two, two count 'em, two non-white hosts in primetime.


Both of our non-white hosts in primetime are losing their shows, as is Katie Fang on the weekend. And that feels worse than bad no matter who replaces them. That feels indefensible and I do not defend it. So we have two non-white hosts in the prime time. I mean, not for nothing, but 7:00 PM is not prime time where Joy Reid was, the people in that slot. Like to say it is, but it's not. Primetime is 8, 9, 10, and the people who have 11 they try to glom onto. But really it's primetime is 8, 9, 10. Anyway, we'll, we'll count it for now. That's the one, Joy Reid, the non-white host, losing, losing her spot. And the other one is Alex Wagner, who I, I actually didn't know what her ethnicity was exactly.


I looked it up. Her father's white and her mother, mother is is from Burma, from Burma, now Myanmar. So she's Southeast Asian, so she's half Southeast Asian, and she's upset about Katie Fang, who is also Asian American. And that's ultimately just so ironic, right? Of course, because it is the white liberals like Rachel Maddow, who, who have been making the arguments that Asians don't count on the oppression scale. Just ask the kids who had to bring that affirmative action case against Harvard saying, we're getting perfect grades, we're getting perfect SATs and Acts, we're getting tons of extracurriculars on our resumes, and none of us can get into these schools because you discriminate against Asians.


And then we were told, well, you're not on the oppression roster, so that's why get out. We don't care about the Asians. But now, now that one half Southeast Asian and, and Katie Fang is Asian American, are getting not fired, but just not allowed to sit in their anchor desk chair anymore. Now that, now that's racist too. That's here. They count when Rachel needs to make a point. You're back on the list. Congratulations. Welcome back to Destitution Derby. You are back in the running toward the overly oppressed, okay, she goes on, okay, this is where, now this, we kind of talked about her white guilt. Now she's gonna get to her rich guilt.


But there's just one other piece of it that you should know from your side of the TV screen. You, you low life serves out there. You will mostly see changes in terms of who's in the anchor chair, the vaunted anchor chair. Don't forget, remember the way they talked about themselves when they fired Ronald McDaniel, the V Halls NBC news. Remember, remember Nicole Wallace, she had the same badge as we did the disgust. This is how they actually feel about where they work. And actually everybody who's going to be in the anchor chairs from here on out, they're great. They're, they're great. They're great at what they do. You're not gonna be in disappointed at all in who's on our air and who are you're seeing.


Oh, and by the way, we never cover the fact that yes, two of the four hosts in, You know, her version of primetime are women of color who are getting ousted joy Reed's being replaced by three people of color. Net net. They have more now. All right? They have more. So it's like Alex Wagner, half Southeast Asian. She's gone. Well, a Latina's coming into the primetime who wasn't there before. Joy Reid is leaving. She's a black woman. Well, two black people are taking over her spot with that Latina. So I mean, if we're really just gonna go by the numbers, Rachel, I, I think you've increased your numbers. Is that, how does it work? Let's call in Abram. Let, let's call in Rachel or whatever her name is Robin.


Okay? So she goes on, okay, you're gonna love everybody, but one thing you cannot necessarily see you people at home is that the people who get our show on the air, they're really, they're being put through the ringer. Dozens. Dozens of producers and staffers, including some who are among the most experienced and most talented MO and most specialist producers in the building doesn't really sound like a Rhode Scholar are facing, being laid off, laid off. I say there could be actual job losses here. She's absolutely disgusted that now they're quote, being invited to reapply for new jobs, but that this has never happened at this scale in this way before when it comes to programming changes, presumably because it's not the right way to treat people.


And it's inefficient and it's unnecessary, and it kind of drops the bottom out of whether or not people feel like this is a good place to work. And so we don't generally do things that way. All right? And she goes on, but in the meantime, being put in this kind of limbo, the anxiety and the discombobulation is off the charts. It's off the charts. And I'll get to that in one second. So here she is trying to be like the person I, I feel for the little guy. I'm the one who's not, I don't really care mostly about joy. I care about Joy's staff because they're the good people who are now wondering what's gonna happen to them. And indeed, they were told that they're laid off reportedly and that they could reapply for a new position on a different show.


But obviously NBC News had had it with the messaging coming off of that show at seven. And they're a hundred percent right, that not only did Joy Reid need to go, but the whole staff needed to go obvi. What kind of a lunatic would stay working for Joy Reid if they did not believe what she's saying? I mean, as I said, not long ago, the woman tried to start a race war multiple times, including right after Trump won. There's just, yes, I'm sorry, but you all have to go. You all have the stank of her racist viewpoints and hatred of America all over you. Good luck getting any other job. M maybe you'll find one at at M-S-N-B-C, but Mad Al's not wrong.


You probably won't find one if not there. So, yeah, but here's Rachel. She's so upset. She's so upset about their, the fact that there are layoffs. Meanwhile, You know why there are layoffs. You know why Joy Reid finally lost her job? You know why Alex Wagner lost hers because of you, Rachel Maddow, because of you and your colleagues who completely destroyed the credibility of your entire network. You more than anyone did that, yes, Joy Reid is a racist race. Bader who hates the country. But you are the biggest conspiracy theorist on television.


You are the one who pushed Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia for years trying to make it sound like you had special insights. You could let us in on that. Only the great Rachel Maddow could see through to and night after night trying to drive up your numbers with a bunch of made up bullshit. And the reason we know it was made up, and it wasn't a good faith error, which can happen but didn't hear, is because you never owned it and you never apologized, and you never corrected the record. Your network is imploding because you have lost the credibility of even your far left viewers.


They know your bullshit. They know your colleagues are bullshit. They know you hate the United States, that you've been misleading them serially for years now. So I'm glad you feel sad that some staffers are getting laid off, but if you're looking for someone to blame, look in the mirror, sister. It's actually not the fault of the new woman Rebecca, who took over two minutes ago. It's your fault. And it's absolutely Joy Reed's fault, and Lawrence O'Donnell and Chris Hayes, and You know what, if we're gonna play by your rules, why isn't somebody answering at M-S-N-B-C over the fact that the two white guys and the white woman, Joy Reid, got to keep Rachel Maddow, got to keep their jobs, and Jen Saki, another white woman, got elevated into the primetime.


Why don't they have to answer for that? Those are their rules, pure numbers. DNC, they've gotta count how many non binaries are running for the top position. M-S-N-B-C, you gotta account for every white man you leave in his role. And if Rachel Maddow feels so bad about the numbers of whites in their primetime lineup, You know what she can do, don't you? You know what she can do? She can ride her whatever bike she rides, right, offset and go home to one of her mansions. She can leave, she can quit. Make room for a white person to leave the stage and open it up for a black anchor or a Southeast Asian anchor to come in.


Someone, someone, dare I say, Rachel, maybe as good as you, maybe even better than you, maybe somebody you could respect even more than a joy reach. She'll never do it. She needs her power. She needs to feel important. She needs her $25 million a year. She needs it. But she's still a good person. She's not an elitist snob because she's mentioning the little people who are being laid off as she cashes her own check. Let me tell you something. I was cross from Rachel Maddow for years in the prime time of cable news at 9:00 PM and I fucking crushed her. She never came close to me, but I know what it takes to put one of those shows on the air, and you can do it with 11 or 12 people, 11 or 12 producers, and that would cost Rachel Maddow or M-S-N-B-C, maybe $4 million, maybe 4 million if you're going by generous cable news salaries.


And she can afford that in about two weeks. She's been making that 30 25, You know, just took the pay cut. But 25 million a year, she'd been making that for I at least eight years, I think by my back of the envelope calculation. She's got plenty of money. I mean, after taxes, if you, You know, New York City, you cut it in half. So it's what, 12 and a half for rounded up to 10 years on this 120, over $120 million in the bank. That's not earned. That's net. Why don't you wanna save half of them? You don't have to save, save half, do 2 million. If you care so much, leave your post, open it up for a person of color, and why don't you pay some of those salaries who cannot?


M-S-N-B-C can no longer afford because of you, because of your enormous salary, which is totally outsized to the numbers and results you produce. Spare me your sanctimony and self-righteousness when you're not willing to actually do anything about it other than go out there and virtue signal and try to act like a better person than the lowly. Rebecca and Mark Lazarus and Brian Comcast, Brian Roberts of Comcast, all the racists who surround you. It's a joke. It's offensive. She won't do it. And she goes on.


This is about how hard it is to be a member of the press right now. They don't need this added stress, Comcast, they're already having a difficult time enough in the wake of the Trump presidency. Here's a bit of that Being put in this kind of limbo. The anxiety and the disco discombobulation is off the charts at a time when this job already is extra stressful and difficult. It is not news for me to tell you that the press and freedom of the press are under attack in a way that is really, it's a big deal for our country. It's very visceral for us here. Okay?


So it's a very difficult time, very difficult time, and the job is already stressful and difficult. We're at Normandy, that's she's, they're storming the beaches right now. The Germans are up there, they're firing from the cliff above, and she's there in the boats coming up to the shores to save the world. That's how she sees herself. That's how these other leftist so-called journalists see themselves. And that's what she's talking about. It's very hard to save democracy. We've got a tyrant dictator autocrat in the White House and press freedoms are being, being eroded, censorship around every turn.


Oh wait, no, that was Joe Biden. Where were you then again, what did I don't? Did you? Oh, that wasn't, that wasn't stressful. That was not difficult, right? Because you were asleep at the switch. So we had four years of fake Russiagate claims, then we had sleep at the Switch and people at your network telling us that it was the best Joe Biden ever, ever in March of 2024 saying that then Trump won. And it's Normandy. You're back at it. It's very stressful. I'm sure it's very difficult for you, Rachel, with your ability to have a masseuse waiting for you at home every night before you go to bed to have a, a bed full of gold bars awaiting you.


I'm sure it's really stressful for you journalists over at M-S-N-B-C. And then she says, okay, what pains me? What pains us here the most is not what happens to us. That's 100% false. That's exactly what pains her the most. She cares mostly a hundred percent what happens to her. It's what happens to our coworkers on whom we depend and who you don't necessarily know, but we respect and love them and depend on them. See, I love you. I love you. Don't go to page six with nasty stories about me. I love you even though I, I can buy and sell you. And did I mention we respect them again? She throws in, this is difficult time in the news business, but it does, does not need to be this difficult.


We welcome new voices to this place and some familiar voices to new hours. Okay? And then she finishes up with, look, I, I believe, and I bet you believe that the way to get there, like to get to growing the audience and, and to staying here forever on M-S-N-B-C is by treating people well, finding good people, good colleagues, doing good work with them and having their back. Should we have the back of racists on television? Rachel, is that a good policy? Should we have the back of the joy reads of the Tiffany crosses, or are we allowed to say they've gone too far, they've offended more than half the country.


They've offend, offended, large swaths of the black community, nevermind the white community. Are we allowed to ever say that? Or they're black and they're fired and that's a problem for you? Then we didn't have their back. We betrayed them. There was a, a disloyalty problem by the bosses, and she says here. So I believe we could find these good people, good colleagues, and do good work with them and have their back, and that we could do a lot better, a lot better. I wonder how Ron McDaniel feels about Rachel Maddow having her back. Did she have the back of that good colleague? Did she stand up for a, a republican who in the most mild and milk toast ways got behind some of Trump's election questions, but it was a bridge too far to wear the Vaunt NBC news badge?


I don't remember her having, having her back and Rachel Maddow trying to say what pains us the most is not, what happens to us is a lie too. The reason she won't give the 4 million or the 2 million to save any of those jobs, and she doesn't have to cut 'em a check. She could actually just, just take it out of her current salary. She could just reduce her salary from 25 to 23. Could you make due on 23 million? Rachel, could you do it? Like seriously, if you went in there, why don't you do the Tom Brady? Right? Didn't Tom Brady go in there? I don't know anything about sports as You know, but I believe he went in there at one point and said, I'll take a cut so that I can save my offensive line. I, I, that's what you actually do. If you care about your supporting teammates as she claims she does, You know why she won't, because she's got bills to play and her or to pay and her lifestyle is too important to her.


Rachel Maddow currently, according to my calculation, and I'm sure it's much more, has a $10 million penthouse, penthouse, I say on the Upper East Side where her neighbors are Jody Foster and Barry Manalow. At some point, it's got, according to its listing, that she owns breathtaking views of Central Park and the Ski the City sideline. It's got, we got not one, but two private terraces, including one right off of her master bedroom where she can go. And that's the right term because she can go out there as master and say, oh, let them meat cake. I expressed how badly I feel for them.


I said, I respected them. I, oh, Bitterman, bring the car around, please. That's her life. Then on the weekends, she jets off to Western Massachusetts to what is described as a pre-Civil War farmhouse, which has both a main house, which a decked out bathhouse complete with spa. This is the Bathhouse Spa and other, and Beds and other accoutrements. It's so special. It got its own spread in New York Magazine built in 1869. And her small, this is just the, again, the bathhouse. This is not the main house you're looking at, which she didn't put on camera. So this house that she owns in Western Math Mass is built in 1869 and in one of the most expensive states in the union sits on 12 acres.


Maybe you could have one of the staff go stay in the bathhouse. Maybe you could have a little retreat where they get to ride their bicycles around your 12 acre estate. Maybe you could let them come and enjoy some cocktails, some farewell cocktails on your double terraces, and then look at them and say, but at least I feel bad about it. I feel really sad about what's happening to you and how hard it is to be me. Meaning a journalist in 2025 under Trump Normandy, she is full of shit. She's self-righteous and sanctimonious and everyone knows


it. There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity, and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with the recorder, and just like that, your home's title is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you would not even know it had happened until it was too late. Here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from any of this, but I wanna tell you about Home Title Lock to protect your Home and equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts, if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title. If fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment, don't leave it vulnerable Ho Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. You just go to Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off your subscription and a free title history report to make sure you're not already a victim. Protect your home and equity today. That's Home Title Lock dot com, promo code Megan 25,


joining me now with Reaction. Batya Ungar Sargon. She's a columnist now for the Free press, which is a great move out of the disgusting Newsweek week, which did the most vile piece I've seen in recent history on this mass murder of a family in Connecticut. It happened about a month ago. Before I bring Batya on, I just wanna tell you this, it was the petit family and, and this father and mother and their two daughters were attacked by these two monsters. These two guys laid and wait. They followed the mother and the daughter saw them grocery shopping, then laid and wait, went into the house and tied them up, got the mother in the morning to go to a bank, got the mother to make a withdrawal. The mother said, while in the bank, I'm, I'm being kidnapped, the bank teller did wind up calling the police.


But by the time the cops got there, within 38 minutes, I think it was, the mother had been killed. The father managed to escape last minute, and both daughters 17 and 11 had been killed. One burned, they were burned alive after they raped the 11-year-old. And Newsweek took the o opportunity within the last 30 days to do a sympathetic piece on one of the two killers facing, he's in jail for the rest of his life and how he is now a she, and how he is going to be suing for his gender affirming care to be paid for. And I just wanna tell you something, we taped an hour on this. It was an extra that we released sometimes on the show. We did a whole hour on this.


And I said to the team when it was over, we can't release it. And they said, why? And I said, because I was too angry. And it was too dark. It was so dark going through the details of that horrific crime. And I call out the writer by name and I call out Newsweek by name, and I didn't, it's not CIA's fault, but I said, I can't believe they have somebody as good as Bcia working at this disgusting publication that did this. And I, we, I didn't, I I just never released it 'cause it was so dark. I actually would love to get your thoughts on whether that's something you would even wanna hear. You can email me, megan@megankelly.com. But in any event, I'm thrilled that Batya has gone over to the free press, which has absolutely nothing in common with the vile Newsweek, Batya iss, the author of the book, second class, and she's back with me today.


Batya, great to see you. Thank you so much for having me, Megan, and for all those kind words. I absolutely adore you. I saw you at CPAC and I have never seen a crowd that in tune with a speaker. It was brilliant. And thank you so much for having me. Aw, thank you. And I honestly, I mean it, you're, you're, I know you had some good times at Newsweek, and not everything they do is bad, but what they did was such an egregious sin. I I just, I find it unforgivable and I'm thrilled you're no longer there. They don't deserve you. Okay, so your thoughts on Rachel Maddow, the on the beaches of Normandy, also on her two terraces on Central Park, looking out at her city and her park views.


But it's a very difficult time to be a journalist. And everyone at M-S-N-B-C other than Rachel is, is a racist. I think it's so important that you called out the economic aspect here because this is really what the Democratic Party has become, which is, You know, Rachel Maddows and AOCs and other elites making themselves the main story when the American people are hurting and the American people are desperate for some kind of representation, desperate for service, and are constantly asked instead to extend empathy to, in people like Rachel Maddow's case, very wealthy people.


And the point I would make, Megan, is that the fact that she's so rich and the race baiting are not actually independent of each other, but they're really two sides of the same coin. And this is what my first book bad news was about, which is that the wokeness, this idea that somehow, You know, gender or race are determinative of value instead of right versus wrong, right? This woke ideology is itself a smokescreen for the fact that the Democrats created an economy, which is an upward transfer of wealth from hard working, working class Americans into the pockets of the elites, not just billionaires and millionaires like Rachel Maddow, but You know, the top 20% that over credentialed college elite who now have a lock on over 50% of the GDP and are the only ones in America who are really guaranteed the American dream.


So how did this happen? Well, for 50 years, the Democrats implemented economic policy, which was wage theft of working class people. There is a great article in the New York Times that really, really, really portrays this well about how the Hamptons is in, oh, it's amazing, an uproar that their slave cast is going to be deported. And these people with absolute seriousness are like, who is gonna cut our grass? We are so compassionate. Leave them here. And they don't realize that what they're saying is, my God, we might have to pay an American a living wage, right?


This is the Democratic party. Okay? So how do they hide this from the American people? That they are rich and they want indentured servants to clean their homes so they don't have to pay Americans a living wage to do it. They lo they, they, they, they la latched onto this woke ideology of race and gender where they said, oh, we don't want open borders because we want slaves, we want open borders. And you guys are racists. If you oppose it. We are the compassionate ones and you are the racist ones. We are the ones who support Joy Reid, if you criticize her, you are racist.


We are the ones who support Rachel Maddow. If you criticize her, you are anti-gay. They use the woke ideology to portray themselves as the good guys while they were robbing their neighbors blind and calling them racist and sexist to hide their crimes. This is who the Democratic Party is. And what we're seeing now with the firing of these people, and obviously, You know, Rachel Maddow refused. You're totally right. That whole speech last night, all the only thing people should take away from it is that she refused to actually resign in protest, right? Like that's the thing that happened there, right?


Yeah. What we're seeing now is if the wokeness took a worldview that, that Americans used to have based on the difference between right versus wrong and replaced it with a worldview based on powerful versus powerless race, white versus black straight versus gay, right? And whoever is a person of color or gay is inherently virtuous 'cause they have less power. And whoever is white is inherently evil because they're the oppressor. We are now seeing with the firing of these people, a return on the part of the American people to a worldview based on right versus wrong and common sense, which has been ushered in by the mass support for President Trump from minorities and from working class people of all races, we're entering a new unified moment of average Americans reclaiming what they know is they are right to a worldview based on right versus wrong.


They are right to define who they are as good people. And just the absolute silencing of this garbage from the woke elites who are also not coincidentally all millionaires. Yeah, that's so, so true. I, I wanna play the Ja, the Jane Fonda soundbite from the SAG awards the other night, which encapsulates a lot of this too. But I've gotta spend a minute on that. New York Times article, we, we read this as a team over the weekend and we were all like, thank God Bcha is here on Tuesday. We cannot wait to talk about this with Bcha. It's worth quoting from. Okay, so the headline is, in the New York Times, they help make the Hamptons the Hamptons, and now they're living in fear.


Sub headline, Latino immigrants care for some of America's most lavish beachside mansions. Their disappearance would affect the wealthy too, by Dionne Ccy reporter who writes about wealth and power. And Anne Anna Lay, who covers mass transit in New York. Okay, some samples, wealthy residents of the Hamptons demand perfection. Now, many of the people who make it so Latino immigrants, some of them undocumented, are panicking about President Trump's deportation orders. The fear is on display outside a convenience store where day laborers sprint into a nearby field. When a stranger approaches it is president, it is present in the nervous apologizing of a longtime housekeeper when she interacts with police after a minor automobile scrape.


And Of course is through a small encampment in the woods where landscapers awaiting warmer weather so he can start cutting grass again to send money home to his family. In Mexico, obviously an illegal Tom Holman alert in the Hamptons with miles of prevent hedges and luxury homes. Latino immigrants make up the bulk of the workforce logging 12 hour days, flipping mattresses, scrubbing toilets and hanging drywall. And in the summer tending vineyards and assembling patio furniture under the hot sun. Some arrived illegally crossing the US border after grueling desert or jungle treks. Some have legal working papers, but are worried they could be swept up in raids or that their undocumented family members and friends could. Some believe Trump is going after criminals. Others aren't sure in the town of East Hampton, which encompasses many of the villages at the east end, Latinos make up more than a quarter, blah, blah, blah.


Okay? Then they go on ba okay? Some of the wealthy are quietly beginning to make calculations about what it would mean if their undocumented workers were deported who would mow the lawn. Everyone relies on housekeepers and carpenters and tree cutters and grass cutters said Merri Mullen, founder and executive director of Hamptons community Outreach, people come to the Hamptons to enjoy their houses and who is gonna take care of them now? It's amazing. Batya, It's amazing. And the piece explores how a lot of these people, a lot of the illegal immigrants are living in encampments in the woods because Of course, they can't afford a home or even to rent on the Hamptons.


Their indentured servants are literally homeless, they're day laborers, and they are fighting to keep their slaves as if they are walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with Dr. King. It is so absolutely disgusting. Everyone has to read this article because they just have zero sense of, You know, no, no awareness of how this would come across to an average American. And Megan, I'll just give you one data point. There is not a single industry in America that is a majority illegal immigrant, not one, not a single one.


Which means that every time a Democrat says they're doing the jobs in American doesn't want, they are insulting millions and millions and millions of Americans who get a lot of dignity from cleaning toilets or doing farm work or any of the other number of mowing the lawn that these rich Democrats would rather kill themselves than do. And I, I think that's the key here. I mean, it's hilarious and it's infuriating that they call people racist who call them out for this. But at the end of the day, the Democrats version of the economy is they want everybody who they care about all of their, You know, college educated, professional managerial elites to be making, You know, $250,000 a year.


They want all manufacturing shipped overseas to China and all of the service industry jobs to be done by slaves who are brought here by cartels, that that's their model of the economy. They're gonna pay off Working Class people stay home. The people who live in the woods who mow their lawns and scrub their toilets, they don't get paid a real salary. They don't, they don't have a paycheck. They're all paid cash under the table so that these people don't have to pay any sort of employer worker insurance, and so that they can pay them this lower wage that the immigrant takes the full balance of. They don't, that that person doesn't have to pay taxes on it. So both parties understand they're gonna have to pay less.


Believe me, I had lots of people who suggested to me when I was younger and needing nannies, and You know, when my kids were little, oh, here's this woman, but she wants to get paid under the table. No. I said, no, no, no, no, we're not doing that. And I paid everybody. I mean, I'll never fail an audit because all of anybody's ever helped me, has gotten paid over the table. And yes, you then have to pay a little more because you want somebody who's great and you want their net salary to be competitive, for them to be a living wage that they can actually enjoy life with, or they will find somebody else to work for. And it does cost more. I could have gotten lots of folks who are undocumented to work for me for a cheaper wage, but I didn't do it.


But these people in the Hamptons who have more money than I do, way more money than I do. There's a home out there worth $450 million. They don't, I'm not talking about this particular owner, but I'm just saying people like that who are in this article don't wanna have to pay. They're, they're scrimping and saving every last dime and they don't wanna pay it to an American who Yes, might cost a little more, especially because you'd have to pay him over the table. That's exactly right. And you'll be surprised to know who the last Democrat to admit this was. It was Bernie Sanders in 2015, when Ezra Klein asked him in an interview, he said, you care so much about the poor Senator Sanders, shouldn't we have open borders?


And Bernie's response was, he went like this, and Megan, I'm gonna do my Bernie Sanders impression only for you. Yeah, great. He went Open borders, that's a Koch brothers proposal. He was horrified. He went on to say, the Koch brothers would love that, have an open border, pay people two, $3 an hour. And then he went, I don't believe in that. He said, I believe in paying American workers. And, and the point I would make about this is Lori Reamer, the president, labor Labor secretary pick, she made this point that an open border hurts the working class. This used to be the Democrat's view, and now watch as Emory.


Every Democrat, including Senator Sanders are gonna vote against her. Tulsi Gabbard was raked over the coals for opposing war and opposing spying on Americans. These used to be left wing positions. Now they're Donald Trump's positions. And so every single Democrat voted against her again and again with these picks. You see Donald Trump pushing views, great views, sensible views, views that represent where the American people are at. And because he's pushing them, the Democrats have turned on them. There is not a single principle that the Democrats would not abandon if they thought Trump liked it. And it is just such an amazing moment to see the gap between the elites in that party and the unity of the American working class supporting this agenda.


I give you Jane Fonda the other night at the SAG Awards where she was given a lifetime achievement award. Make no mistake, empathy is not weak or woke. And by the way, woke just means you give a damn about other people. Have any of you ever watched a documentary of one of the great social movements like Apartheid or our Civil Rights movement or Stonewall? And ask yourself, would you have been brave enough to walk the bridge? Would you have been able to, to take the hoses and the batons and the dogs? We don't have to wonder anymore because we are in our documentary moment.


This is it, and it's not a rehearsal. This is big time serious folks. So let's be brave. This is a good time for a little Norma Ray or Karen Silkwood or Tom Jode. We must find ways to project an inspiring vision of the future. She says, woke, it just means being nice to people. That's what it means. You're virtuous. In other words, BJA And this, we're basically in the middle of the civil rights movement. Again, thanks to Trump. These People are so disgusting because we are in a new civil rights era. We are in a new era in which minorities are going to flourish and women are gonna flourish.


But it's the MAGA movement and they just can't see it because they are high on their own supply and they hate working class people. This is all hatred of the American working class. And she's, I mean, not only is she rich in her own right, is a Fonda and a successful actress, but she was married to Ted Turner, right? She was married to Ted Turner for many years, I think for for a decade. She's got plenty of dough to throw around more with Batya on the opposite side of this break, don't go anywhere.


So many people these days are super focused on their health, right? On eating healthier and living healthier. And in that vein, let me tell you about Jacob and Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that is helping, helping hardworking Americans to live that American dream. We heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They're proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need. They have over 1005 star reviews from real people who are seeing real results. Go to we heart nutrition.com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they are giving you 20% off your first order with my code Megan, invest in your health. Go to we heart nutrition.com and use the code Megan, for 20% off. That's we heart nutrition.com code M-E-G-Y-N


My show had value and that I'm sorry that, that what I was doing had value and value and that it mattered Where I land is that, that moment that I of guilt, that I felt that I went hard on so many issues, whether it was the Black Lives Matter issues of a young baby or a mom or a dad that was killed, went hard for immigrants who've done nothing but come to this country like my parents did. Or whether we've talked about what the President is doing that is subversive to the Constitution, defending books that people find inconvenient.


And, and yes, whether it's talking about God. And, and where I come down on that is I'm not sorry. I am not sorry that I stood up for those, those things because those things are of God. I I'm not sorry. I'm just proud of my show Of God. So Joy Reid wants you to believe that she's Mother Teresa. She's she's Mother Teresa slash Rosa Parks, a combination of both. We are back now with Free press columnist Bcia Ungar Sargon. There she was on Saturday having learned her show is about to be canceled with a group of online supporters talking about herself again like she was saintly. Here's the reality and an actual taste of what Joy Reed's show looked and sounded like the following mashup put together by Tom Elliot of Gradon.


Donald Trump wants to never let black and brown folk up off the mat evident what they mean by DEI, right? Why don't just say what you mean. You can't stand black people. We get it. You've been heard. If you are black plus anything else, you are black, violent white nationalism that today threatens our national security. We do have a fascist groundswell in parts of this country, mainly among white men. Let's be clear, make your own dinner, maga, make your own sandwiches, wipe your own tears. Similarities to what happened in Germany and what's happening now in America are just undeniable. Donald Trump is acting like a Nazi, talking like a Nazi, and now posting like a n like right wingers, were saying get in the oven. Anytime you made any benign comment on Twitter, yes, Biden is aging.


He shovels when he walks and like forgets names and makes Gaffes, but he's not incoherent. He can Give us prompter speech. Kamala Harris has passed the audition flawlessly. This has been in many ways a perfect campaign. I got into Harvard and, okay, Yale, Vassar and the University of Denver too, because I had a really high GPA and fantastic SAT scores. Let me just be clear, I got into Harvard only because of affirmative action. Okay? Just one other point here. You heard her mention tears, white tears, male tears. She's got a thing about it. Most normal people watching her cry at the beginning of that soundbite, You know what we did matter did, might feel a pang of sympathy for her empathy as they might.


And then you remember who she actually was on the air and clips like this one, which I mentioned yesterday, reacting to the Kyle Rittenhouse trial in 2021, shot six. There's a thing about both white vigilantism and white tears, particularly male white tears, really white tears in general because that's what carrots are, right? They Karen out, and then as soon as they get caught, it's like green waterworks. Yeah, right? It's white tears are fake. Kyle Rittenhouse, 18-year-old put on trial for murder called a white supremacist unfounded by the running next president of the United States.


He, he was faking it. His white male tears, they're racist too, and white female tears are racist. And to the point where she found 'em so fun, she would, she would mock them. So no, I have zero sympathy for her, none whatsoever. I revel in her termination. I I will shoot those tears right into my veins. I'm gonna put 'em on the, on my night side table in my glass, and I will drink them. Gleefully cry. Go. I'll watch. Am I being too hard? I, I mean, the White Tears meme comes from the Robin D'Angelo book, how to Be an Anti-Racist, where she says, when white people are accused of racism, they cry and their tears are a weapon they use against black people.


And it's like, no, they're crying because to be racist is to be evil. And they know they are not evil, and you are accusing them of being evil. Like they took a thing that is a good thing about Americans, that we would rather do many unpleasant, horrible things than be accused of racism because we are not racist, because we are good. And they use that as a sign of somehow being bad, which makes people question themselves. And that is, is ultimately what they wanted with this meme was when you, as a white person feel upset that you've been falsely accused of racism, you then need to question your most basic godly instincts.


You can never trust your sense of right versus wrong. Only they can tell you who is right and who is wrong, who is good, and who is evil. This is the most horrific, heinous thing to do. They try to re racialize American life at a time when we have finally overcome the sins of our past. They try to create a new standard of anti-racism to give themselves power and to make a lot of money. And I am so unbelievably grateful to God, and also grateful to President Trump that we are coming to a moment as Americans where this just does not work anymore.


Meghan? No, it's true. I, I saw in the news yesterday, Don Lemon was out there upset that I'm enjoying the Joy Reid termination once again, calling me nasty names. And really what's happening here is when one cannot generate light on one's self by oneself, they may find it fine just to bathe in the reflective light of someone else who actually is successful. That's what's really happening there. Don Lemon has no viewers. He has no listeners whatsoever. He has not been able to make it in the cable news world where he was repeatedly demoted and then fired. He was fired two minutes after getting hired by Elon, which should have been a lifeline to him, but he was too stupid to actually take advantage of it.


And now he's too stupid to actually make it in the digital lane. So he did the one thing that he could think of to do, which was get into the press by attacking me, and now he's gotten more ink than he's gotten in the past four years. But he's a sad, pathetic little man who actually cannot make it in business on his own. And really at this point, thoughts and prayers Don hang in there. But that's, that's right. He, Joy Reid, all these race essentialist are failing because the jig is up. People see what they're doing. We're over it. The, the great awoken happened with Trump's reelection and the fever has broken. That's why. Yes, Joy Reid got fired because Bcha, I asked my team to go pull the numbers, okay?


In January, MSNBC's demo was the lowest in prime time it has ever been, ever. Worst January ever for MSNBC in February, it was a 28% decline in the overall numbers. So they're down 30% in February versus 2024. So they are hemorrhaging viewers still, Joy Reid show is bad. It's a little worse than her colleagues, but it's not that much worse. It's her messaging. I absolutely believe that Brian Roberts had enough because she is being replaced by two black people and a Hispanic, and I don't know Simone Sanders that well.


She used to be more normal. I think she's gotten a little woke and more annoying over the years as she's, her star has been rising on ms. But Michael Steele, while he's a never Trump Republican, he, You know, he's not in Joy Reed's field when it comes to incendiary race bombs. I'm not excusing the stuff he says, but he's not, and Alicia Menendez same. So they're definitely making a move slightly closer to normal, I don't wanna say center, but cl slightly closer to like the bounds of normal conversation by asking her, because they know the country's over it. Yeah. I, I don't think it's gonna be enough for them, because I mean, the truth is because 96% of journalists are Democrats if you're a Democrat, right?


You wanna understand the moment. You wanna understand how you lost. You wanna understand why so many of your fellow Americans voted for a person that you may be, let's say believe even because you were told by the media is literally Hitler, right? No, conservatives have to wonder how Democrats see things, right? We are constantly bombarded with it. It's everywhere. It is inescapable. And so I think for a lot of Democrats who, You know, maybe don't like Trump, but love this country, I'm talking about democratic voters. They're turning now to Fox News, to the Meghan Kelly show to a host of conservative media outlets because they want to understand what happened.


And they know they are not going to get that from the people who spent 10 years calling Trump, literally Hitler. And so, honestly, the only thing I think that could save M-S-N-B-C right now, or CNN, is for them to seriously invest in bringing on conservatives, because I think that is what Americans want to hear. They're sick of the divisiveness, they're sick of the polarization. They're sick of people getting rich off of trying to get us to hate our neighbors. They wanna hear how the other side thinks so they can make an informed decision. They want the temperature brought down and they wanna see people having civil debates. That's what I believe. Well, it's gonna be interesting to see what happens with some of the contributors who are on Joy's show.


Like the racist man, Ellie Al, I mean, he's truly, he and Joy were the two most racist people on tv, in my opinion. He just dropped a new column in the nation saying as follows, okay, pointing out the white hosts at the network remain as of now. Unaffected. Fair point, Ellie, what you should get up in their grill about that. 'cause that's their them's their rules. You should make 'em play by 'em. What's happening over there is not subtle. Cable news has never been truly comfortable with authentic Black voices. White executives tend to treat black folks as interchangeable. Joy Reid is not interchangeable. She's indispensable and having dispensed with her cable TV news is left with a gaping hole.


The black mentor class is being fired not just on tv, but throughout America. That, Of course, is the point. That's why people like joy are being cast aside. White viewers might think of the cable network. They, they might think they just went after her because she is black and outspoken. But his point is, she is our mentor. She is showing other black people how to be and act and complain a lot. And shutting her up by bounce, passing her out of that post was intentional by the old white people running Comcast. I mean, it's not surprise in a way, he's right. You know, the only people of color that the extreme progressive white elites let in are the ones who are race baiters because it's the perfect smokescreen for class, right?


Like when you're out in the Hamptons, right? And you're only willing to employ illegals who live, You know, in the woods behind your home. You don't wanna see like people of color saying, Hey, we also are not really comfortable with all of these illegal immigrants. Right? What you want is a person up there being like, it's racist to oppose an open border. And so I think in a way, he's right. The power structures that be of progressive white, rich leftists, they do only let a certain line forward. You're not gonna get someone like Lawrence Jones or Charles Payne, brilliant, brilliant black men who are conservatives to actually show up and talk in the way that people in their community actually sound like and actually talk like You're saying, he has the right point.


He's just got the wrong groups that are being allowed permission and entry versus the ones who are getting kicked out. Exactly right. They won't let any, and by the way, just, just for those of you playing at ho at home, here's the throwback to Ellie Misel on Joy Reed's Show. So you can see why he's so upset that this platform's being canceled At a basic level. If you want rights in this country under this conservative Supreme Court, you better be a cis hetero white man or an Uzi, because those are the two things that this court believes have, have rights. It's amazing why their, their numbers are so low bachi. I don't, I don't understand it. All right now, wait, in the time we have left, I'm dying to ask you, because the one thing I've seen a ton from you over the past month or so is you are not a fan of Elon Musk, and he's, I think maybe I overstated it, but I don't think you are.


And he's been all over the news running Doge and sending out the email to people saying, what did you accomplish this week? Then Trump stood by him and said, that was a great email. And I actually do think you, you need to fill that out, or you could be fired. So what is it? Be specific about what it is Elon is or has been doing that turns you off so much. Thank you so much for asking me about this, Megan. I hope your listeners are aware of this, but obviously you allow voices on here that you don't necessarily agree with about everything, and that's very rare, unfortunately, in the media, and I'm very grateful for you for that. And Of course to talk about this, his entire supply chain is in China, and he is unbelievably close with the CCP.


Xi Jinping asked him to build a showroom for Tesla in Xinjiang, which is where the Uyghurs are being genocided. And he complied. He didn't have to do that. He's the richest man on the planet. So he has this unbelievably obsequious relationship with China, who I believe is our greatest adversary. I don't see how you can truly be an American patriot when you have to bend the need to China and have proven willing to bend the need to China over and over again. He's such a maverick on Twitter when it comes to American politics. But he has never once said a negative word about the CCP, which Of course engages in tons and tons of, You know, human rights violations, the genocide of the Uyghurs and Of course, undermines America at every turn that it can. So on that front, I'm, I'm very uncomfortable with him being this close to power, the way that he related to American workers over the H one B visa squabble over Christmas when he literally endorsed a tweet calling Americans retarded.


I really, really, really didn't like that. I don't think he is, has the same values as the MAGA movement. He's not religious. He has this kind of transhumanist view. He thinks that Americans are gonna be, You know, people are gonna become computerized and that intelligence is going to be machine made. All of this stuff for me really puts him at odds with the values of the MAGA movement. Now, that said, I really trust President Trump's judgment. He's an amazing judge of character. He has a very clear idea of what the mandate is. I think there's a little bit of good cop, bad cop going on with him and Elon, so I appreciate that. Obviously I love getting rid of government waste. Obviously I'm super critical of the U-S-A-I-D-I think it's amazing that they just ax all of that.


That email to me read kind of like a Karen, I was like, wow, Elon Musk is kind of a Karen in chief, right? Like, tell me what you did this week. Right? Like, I want it in writing, right? So I I, but honestly, I don't think that Trump has, You know, I don't think he's compromised anything here. To me, I think he sees Elon as someone he likes hanging out with. I think he sees him as a peer. Donald Trump does not have many peers. Yeah, true. And Elon Musk as the richest man in the world is his peer. And I think that he also kind of feels like, look, the guy gave me a quarter of a billion dollars, got me over the finish line. I'm gonna give him this thing to play around with. You know, he'll get bored in four months and he'll move on. I don't think Donald Trump expected this to take over as, especially when his achievements on so many other fronts are colossal.


I mean, Israel, Palestine, Ukraine, immigration, I mean, Scott Bessette is doing an amazing job in treasury, this rare mini mineral deal in Ukraine. We're gonna get some of our money back. Hello. Like, he's doing such amazing, amazing things. I don't think for a second he thought that the media was gonna take, You know, orange Hitler bad and just try to put it on Elon. And I also think that, You know, the, the media Of course is criticizing him for all the wrong things. But, so that's kind of where I'm at on this. Well, that's interesting 'cause I've been seeing, I respect and appreciate your judgment, and I've been seeing that you're, you're not a fan and Steve Bannon now infamously is not a fan. Those two have been kind of at each other.


And it's fair, You know, we had the all in guys on last Friday, they are very much fans of Elon, what he's doing. And I, I get what you're saying. I think he's, You know, he is a very unique figure. And the transhumanist thing was the one that stood out at me because, You know, he's doing the ur the Neuralink, like that actually could, yeah, that could solve paralysis at some point. So there's some upsides to the way he sees the human machine possibilities too. But we've never had a figure like him, not in modern day America. And I would say the other thing is, maybe Trump did see how much heat Elon would be taking, and he's enjoying it because, right. It's given him some cover for, I mean, truly if Trump wraps up Ukraine in the next two weeks, as he's saying they might and finishes off this peace deal in the Middle East, and with the return of the hostages, he should get the Nobel Peace Prize.


I mean, there, there would be no question hundred percent that Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize, and that's within the first two months of taking office, right? It's like maybe you want the big, You know, different distraction who I will say also calls himself retarded, but whatever do over here, You know, while you're focused on things that really deeply matter, I totally hear that. I, I I do think he might actually get the Nobel Peace Prize. I mean, he, he deserves it already for what he achieved with Abraham Accords in the first administration. I was talking to Sebastian Gorka, who's one of Trump's advisors on counter terrorism at cpac, and he said that he had been at Yale and he had this feeling that these people on the panel with him who had spent 10 years calling him a Nazi, were just capitulating.


Like, there's just been this mass capitulation of the elites who used to smear Trump endlessly. I think he already deserves that. I think he might get it. And, You know, God willing, he has amazing things in the pipeline coming with Saudi Arabia, with Egypt. I mean, they are really making moves. And You know, Meghan, after that horrific scene with the caskets of the strangled and mangled and mutilated babies' bodies in Gaza, when thousands of gazen civilians showed up to cheer with their own children, I mean, this just like utterly depraved godless scene. I think a lot of people are having this feeling of like, we need to break everything.


And Donald Trump is just the right man in the right moment, and he has a good heart for this stuff and a good head for how to do this stuff. So I feel very, You know, excited about that. I do think he really wants that. I will say the other thing about Elon Musk is this, 13 kids with four women, he is never married any of them. Like, it's so what we criticize about leftist culture, You know, the sort of, I don't know, like the, the, yeah, we want kids, but don't we want them in these loving two-parent homes? And he's made such a, You know, a virtue out of this. Like he thinks it makes him cool. And I think that it's, it's kind of a, there's a lot of people I think are an odd fit for the MAGA movement, but who I think are bringing really good things into it.


And this as a role model for young men, I just don't like it. I, I feel really uncomfortable with it. Fair, fair enough. Yeah. The, the personal life, I mean, look, we've talked about a lot in the show, the personal life of a few of the nominees who have gone up. Not ideal, but, but we have to depend on them because not no one's perfect. I mean, like, even Christie Noam, who I, I, I'm just a complete, she's lost me as a fan with the shooting the dog in the face, poor little cricket, and then the Corey Lewandowski. But I, I have to say notwithstanding, I'm totally rooting for her now. She's got a very big important job, one that definitely like, we really need her to succeed at. So I, I'm just personally, I view it through such a different lens than I used to, just, just on that front.


'cause it's like we have a country, a world to save, and You know what? Definitely God b believe it, it, it's happening, it's happening. So anyway, BJA always a pleasure. Those poor Bibas boys. It's, that has been the most horrific thing I've seen in a long time in the news. And it is a reminder that evil exists and we need strong leaders on the side of the good. All the best, my friend. Absolutely. God bless you. Thank you so much for everything you do, Megan. Aw, thank you. You too, BJA. Alright, coming up. We're gonna have I this, I've actually been looking forward to meeting her now. Her husband is a superstar, former NFL player. She was on The Real Housewives and she'll be here along with the husband in just a bit.


Can you guess who they are? Stay tuned. The stance that President Trump has been championing about keeping biological men out of women's sports continues to connect with people all across this country. That includes one former cast member of the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, Anna Marie Wiley. Anna Marie is married to former NFL Great and digital host Marcellus Wiley, who's been on this show multiple times and will be here to join his wife soon. But first we welcome Annamarie to the show. Nice to have you. Hi Megan. Thank you so much for having me. I was really looking forward to meeting you.


Oh, same. I, so I confess that while I love the Real Housewives franchise, I only catch it like here and there. Yeah. So I did not see your year on the show. And is it true you only got the one season? I got half a season. What happened? Half a season? You know, I, I was really excited for the season. It was something that, You know, kind of fell into my lap out of nowhere, You know, it was nothing that was on my radar. It's not anything that I auditioned for. I guess they had filmed half a season and then one of the cast members reached out to me. I had met her randomly at a, at a party at her home a few months prior and she reached out to me on social media and said, Hey, You know, we just started filming season 13 of the Housewives and Productions looking for a new housewife.


Would you be interested? And, You know, I talked with my husband about it again because, You know, I was very happy being a private person, You know, letting my husband be the person in the spotlight, being a wife, a mother, a professional. I'm a nurse anesthetist, You know, just taking care of my family and my home. And I'd never really wanted or crave to be, You know, in the spotlight. But he was like, You know what, you are a multihyphenate. I think this would be a really great platform for you. And I thought it would be a really great opportunity for me to, You know, showcase a nuclear black family.


Because I think that that is something that is missing from mainstream programming right now. And also a good opportunity just to showcase a different kind of housewife, You know? Like I, yes, yes. I come from a very varied background. I was born in Canada. I was born to a Dutch mother, a Nigerian father. I was put up for adoption when I was born. And then at two weeks old, I was adopted by a Dutch Indonesian family. So I grew up in an Asian household. I grew up in a very small rural town, about an hour and a half outside of Vancouver, raised by a single mother.


I had two sisters, one of whom was also adopted. And, You know, very humble, very humble beginnings. And I played sports my entire life. I started running track when I was five years old. I had many, many, many knee surgeries. And so I switched over to basketball, I played all through high school and college. I was a collegiate basketball player as well. And that was really how I was able to, You know, afford to go to school and get my education, get my nursing degree, You know. And, and then after six months after that, I moved here as a travel nurse. I worked very, very long hours. I started grad school and then I, I met my husband, You know, this big NFL player.


So, You know, I kind of have, and Marcel does too. We have this kind of regs to riches, adversity to affluent sort of stories. And those were things that I wanted to be able to share with the viewers. I wanted to be someone that was relatable, You know, someone that, But what, what, so, but Bravo, I guess had different ideas, all of your diverse background. And I, I mean, I, I know you just got back from the Trump White House where you guys were invited there. I did to celebrate Black History Month for sure. If that had happened prior to the Real Housewives thing, they would not have cast you. But I, I'm gonna guess, I think that's Totally correct, Right? That you maybe weren't saying exactly the right things to please the Bravo executives. 'cause I don't remember the season that had anybody who wasn't an established progressive in any of the main roles.


I mean, I've listened to that cast out there, talk about the Me Too movement, like believe all women and women would never make up these stories and they hate Trump. So it's like, I wondered, do you think that played any role in your short stint there? Yeah, see, it was very interesting because when it was first announced that I was going to be filming for the season, the, the narrative was so positive and everyone was so excited. It was, You know, wife of Marcellus Wiley. She has such a, a full and exciting life. She's a mother, she's a professional, You know, they're, they're going to be a wonderful addition to the show. Everyone was really, really excited. And then someone went and, You know, dug up stuff as the media likes to do.


And they found this clip of Marcellus, I think years prior, saying that he would not be in favor of our daughters playing sports against transgender females. So he's, You know, saying he would protect our daughters. He would not allow that to happen. And immediately the narrative completely shifted. We and I were completely vilified labeled transphobic. They're, You know, they went so far as to even say, You know, they're like, she, she follows Candace Owens on social media.


She's best friends with Candace Owens. I've actually never met Candace Owens. I do think she's brilliant, but I've never met her. But, You know, saying I was best friends with Candace Owens. And so, like I said, it just, the narrative completely changed from this, this, she's gonna be a perfect fit. We're so excited about her to very, very dark. She's transphobic. And, You know, then I was essentially, the media essentially canceled me. And What a shock. Right? And it was very interesting though, because when I look at that whole Candace Owens piece, I want to get this in quickly. The reason that I started following Candace Owens, because I was never into politics prior to any of this.


I was, You know, I was actually a, a lifelong democrat. You know, coming from Canada, I was very in favor of very strong social systems, but I was a lifelong Democrat. And it was during, remember in 2000, I think it was 2021, when Balenciaga put out that campaign, the, the pedophilia campaign. I was outraged, disgusting. I was absolutely outraged, disgusting. As a mother with four children. I was outraged. And I did not understand Megan, why so many people were so quiet on the issue and on social media. Some of the people that I did notice talking about it were you, Tucker Carlson, who I also didn't know who he was at the time, and Candace Owens, who, again, I didn't know who she was at the time, but I started following her because she was covering so much of it.


And so when, when that was weaponized against me, You know, saying, oh, she's best friends with Candace Owens, because I was opposed to pedophilia. Yeah, right. It was, it was really disturbing. It was very, very Disturbing is radical in that way. She she too. Yeah. As opposed to pedophilia and will fight out against, to speak out un unabashedly when she sees it. And meanwhile, Kim Kardashian still backed the brand, even in the midst of all that wouldn't break ties with them. That's what she stands for. Her own access to designer wear, no matter the consequences. One of the many reasons why we do not like her. So, so then you leave the Real Housewives, and you and Marcellus do this very brave thing, which is actually go to the Trump White House.


It's not like going to the Biden White House or the Obama White House, or You know, a Clinton White House. It's the orange man, bad Hitler, right? Trump, what made you say yes to the invitation? You know what it is? It, it's the White House. For me, it wasn't even a deterrent that it is a Trump White House. I, it, you get invited to the White House. For me, it's a bucket list thing. And it was the most incredible day. I will tell you that we were surrounded by so many open-minded, inspiring, and welcoming people. It was an absolutely fantastic ceremony.


His, his address to all of us there was, was incredible. He honored so many wonderful black Americans, and he really instilled so much hope in, in every one of us that was there. It was an absolutely fantastic day. Now, am I correct that Marcellus doesn't like Black History Month? Like I, I think I've heard him say he's, no, you, You know what? Ask him that question because he, he will answer those kinds of things in his own unique sort of way. You guys Wonder the two of, you're sitting there like, and he, and he's like, eh, and you're like, no, it's good. It's good. And that's, that's the other thing is people always think that a married couple has to agree on everything.


And we, we do not, we do not agree on everything all the time. That's why it was very interesting, again, going back to, You know, and we were labeled as transphobic. We had a lot of things that we disagreed on, and I was never someone that spoke publicly about that. And, and he was, and it was because he did and because of his views that it was assumed that those were my views as well. But, You know, I had never, I had never been asked if I was a Republican or Democrat. As I told you, I, I was a lifelong Democrat until this election cycle. And in terms of the transphobia issue, You know, I was a lifelong athlete.


I actually need bilateral knee replacements now because of what I gave to my sport. And it's just very interesting how that was something that Marcella said so many years ago, and now there are so many people that are coming out. It's almost like it is acceptable to say that, like Stephen a said it recently, right? Someone who works for s espn, he said it recently. And so that really points to, okay, well they're allowed. I think we have that actually Annamarie, let, let me play that just so people know what you're talking about. Yeah. Stephen A. Smith weigh in recently. Yeah. GBTQ rights and all of that stuff. I'm in full support of that. Mm. But when transgender athletes, men are transitioning to women and they're competing in female sports, that's a different animal.


To me that's not, that's not just about L-G-B-T-Q rights, that's about prying on the rights of females out there everywhere who were born female, and they're at a decided disadvantage. Right on. Amen. Keep going. And, And again, that is something that 80% of the country is in alignment with, You know, and you have, there are certain things that you just cannot, you cannot overlook. Right? Heart size, lung capacity, VO two max, oxygen carrying capacity, You know, those are just things that are undeniable. And they're not about hatred, they're not about transphobia, they're not about bigotry. They're just, they're just science and it's fairness. And safety in Sports was basketball.


Correct. So we just went on Saturday night, we went to Madison Square gardened and we watched Duke play Illinois, You know, it's college teams, but they, they make the trip to like one of the bigger arenas every once in a while. And I mean, that Duke team is like a dream team. They were unbelievable. This is the men. Yeah. They, they were so good. It was just like a thing of beauty. It reminded me of back when I just graduated law school and I saw the dream team, the Chicago Bulls with Jordan and Pippen and all those guys play where it's just like a thing of beauty on the court. Like you're, it's almost like a dance more than a sport almost. You know what I mean? Where it's just like, there's a flow where you're like, wow. And I don't know anything about sports, but that's how I felt watching it. But the thought of any one of those guys going over and playing against the women, You know, any one of them Oh yeah.


Would be a total game changer. A literal game changer in every game in which he played. Exactly. And I'm like, and we're a sports family. Like my husband played in the NFL for 10 years. I would, and he didn't play basketball and he could still be me. I would never in a million years want to play against him. My 9-year-old son could probably beat me now. And another interesting thing is, there's a clip of Serena Williams like years ago on Letterman, and she was talking about how, I think it was Andy Rodick had asked her if she would play against the men, and she said no. She said, no, you would beat me six zero. And, and I like to play against the women. So she, she really addressed this a long time ago before this was a, You know, hot button no go zone topic.


But because it was before this, it, it flew under the radar. But really she addressed this and said the same thing. Well, it's incredible because that sort of camel's nose under the tent of like, well, let's just be fair and let these so-called trans kids play in sports, You know, and forget what it does to the girls has now the full camels under the tent where they're really erasing women every day. You awake to a new story, thank God Trump is fighting back against it. But the left is not letting go of this easily. The trans activists are the most rabid of all activists. And the latest nonsense comes out of Washington state where, oh no, forgive me, there is something in Washington state, but this one's from Wisconsin where the governor Tony Evers has decided to refer to the people who would benefit from his IVF law, You know, protecting IVF procedures as inseminated persons.


That's instead of mothers here he is defending the decision, sought 34, That more gender neutral. What what was behind that dec that decision. And do you stand by it? Of course I do it. It's, it's absolutely, You know, what the Republicans say is a lie, You know, so Of course I'm pretty pod about that. So I didn't know that I, that Republicans were against IBF, but apparently they are, because that is what that's about. Moms are moms, dads are dads. And what we want is legal certainty that, that we're able to have that moms are able to get the care they need.


That's it. Totally dodging his decision to refer to mothers as inseminated persons. No man can be an inseminated person carrying a baby. Yeah. I I think this is really one of the reasons why I say that I didn't leave the Democratic party. The Democratic Party left me, I can't think of any woman that is okay with being referred to as an inseminated person. It just goes so far away from valuing mothers and, You know, really paying homage to what, what we go through to be given that blessing.


It's, yeah, it's really indefensible. And by the way, not for nothing, but I've done IVFI used it for my kids, and you're not technically an inseminated person when you do IVF, you're, you're you having something implanted in you that's an emre, an embryo. The semen happens outside of the body when you do use IVF Governor Evers, if you really wanna get technical, but truly think about the term and how kind of gross it is. You, you say mother and you think of a soft place to fall, a fierce mama bear who protects her young against the most ardent threats. You think about somebody who is both loving and caring and nurturing and strong providing guidance and discipline where necessary.


And when you say inseminated person, I'm sorry, all I picture is a penis ejaculating inside of a woman's birth canal. That's what I, it it really is. It reduces you down to sperm, to semen. Yeah. That's all motherhood now is it's so offensive. Yeah, it, it, it really does. And You know, it's happening in the name of inclusion and I think that's where a lot of people also get lost because you're using terms like, You know, if you don't agree with this, then you're not being inclusive or you're being transphobic because of that.


And you're really doing it in a way to, to silence people and force hate their way for not going according to a certain agenda. And You know, all we're saying here is no, we're women. We want to be respected as such and appreciated as such and not just, You know, relegated down to two labels that don't value us as who we are. And I think that's really what's happening. So we talked on the show yesterday about the Loony Maine governor, Janet Mills, who's trying to make a name for herself by not, not enforcing the Trump federal EOS on gender and, and boys trying to play girls sports.


She's gonna lose, but that one's playing out in the courts. And then I mentioned, mentioned Washington State. Now we have the education chief defending so-called trans athletes claiming it is inaccurate to say that there are only two genders here. Is that man Chris Al in So 33. It is quite simply inaccurate to say biologically that there are only boys and there are only girls. There's, there's a continuum, there is a science to this. There are children who are born intersex. There are children whose chromosomes and their hormones aren't consistent with their sex at birth. Our state laws make clear that students get to identify and participate in activities based on the gender in which they identify That.


I'm sorry, that's just creepy. It's such a, a mind bending alteration of reality. Yeah. While I do understand, and I do appreciate that there are some gray areas, right? There are some situations where I do feel like the, the situation needs to be looked at on a case by case basis, but I think when it's something that is just very clear cut of the XX versus xy, You know, I think we just need to go back to the basics and understand that there, You know, once someone who was assigned male at birth goes through puberty, there are undeniable physical differences that exist that that hormone replacement or, You know, blockers and things like that, they can't, they can't account for that difference.


And it does become an issue of safety and it does become an issue of fairness. And it's not about trying to exclude anyone from participation. If you look at it the other way, when you have trans male athletes, they're, they're still competing with the females female. But it, it's only becomes an issue when you have the trans women that are competing with the women. Yeah. Right. Can I ask you a question, Anna Maria? Because, because yeah, you said assigned male at birth, which is, that's leftist ideology, like, 'cause I, I wonder why you say that. I know it's the leftist language, but I see the crosser on your neck and I know you don't believe God makes mistakes on babies and when the baby comes out, male, it's a boy.


It's not assigned anything by a man or a woman who happens to be an md. So I just wonder why you use that term. I do that in, in only the vein of not not offending anyone. I think, You know, I have no problem with anyone wanting to, to live their life the way that they choose. Do what makes you happy. I think it only becomes an issue when there are other people that are being affected by it. And You know, if someone doesn't wanna use that language, You know, you can't force 'em to use that language. If someone, You know, once you become, once you come into spaces where women don't feel comfortable, that's when it needs to be respected.


So really I'm just offering respect that I would hope that we would get back as women. I, all right, quick break here. I I have to say this. I, I think I would love for you to consider just speaking truthfully as opposed to what somebody else has told you is respectfully. 'cause I really think that the slow by the, the bit by bit erasure of women, and I wasn't always here. My audience knows this, but I'm firmly here now. It begins with the manipulation of the language. There are realities. I, I do biological realities, You know. Anyway, let's stand, because I have to take a quick break and we're gonna come back with Marcellus and we can pick it up there. I'm sure he'd love to jump in on this too.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Back with me now is Anna Marie Wiley, as well as her husband, Marcellus Wiley, host of Hydration Situation and more, where can they find Hydration Situation? Just so they know On YouTube. Yes, you can find it on YouTube. Marcellus Wiley debt dude tv. Awesome. Going and wrong. Alright, so we, when we left off, I was just, yeah, lecturing it wasn't right, but I had to do it. Anna Marie about, I know saying assigned, assigned male at birth or assigned female at birth as opposed to like just born a boy or born a girl. I don't know, I'm over any of the, like, the gentle language. I'm all pro truth, but what do you think Marcellus? I mean, you're y you wife is probably nicer than the two of us.


I don't know. Yeah, You know, it is interesting times, man. It, it feels like I got to a party so early that the DJ wasn't set up, no food was out, no drinks there. I've been saying this for so long and now everyone's like on board and I'm like, all right, I'm glad we could all dance together now because the truth has always been there and it's just unfortunate. So many people want to read the temperature and gauge the winds and see when is it the best time to tell the truth instead of all the time. I think we'll be much more unified if we just live by that truth instead of how we're feeling and some of the pandering that comes along with it.


So I love the fact that my wife is speaking out and speaking the truth. There was a time where that headwind was strong in her world and me, all of us have been through it. I was just born with a disposition and raised in a condition where I ain't give a damn from hello. And I'm glad to see more people are doing the same. Yes, I know, honestly, it's a, it's a journey for a lot of people and I think girls in particular are raised to be nice, quote, nice. And so, You know, they don't wanna do anything that would just be unnecessarily offensive to people. That's a totally normal and laudable instinct. I submit that it's been taken advantage of by not well-meaning activists who are exploiting it to hurt our young girls.


And so we as adult women need to say, no, no, we're done with, we're done doing that. Okay, I wanna talk to you about where we are on the sports thing, Marcellus, because we have made leaps and bounds. I think Elon's buying X was instrumental in getting us all to be able to talk about what's real fundamentally, but now it, it gets to the point where this was the deciding thing in the last election. This was at least one of the, I think it was the, in the swing states, but at least one of the top items in the last election. And so I wondered now like in four years, whether you think there's any chance this pendulum swings back the other way if, God forbid we have a Kamala Harris presidency, by the way that she's already talking about running again.


Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I've heard and I've seen she, she dressed in the park now she's, she's stepping up the, the garb so she can look more presidential. I've, I've noticed already. Good Luck with that. Yeah, You know, I, I think, look, there's an overcorrection all the time in societies, if you just study world history, You know that there's always a swing of the tides and then they will go in excess in other way just to find that happy medium. I don't think on this issue when you're talking about sports and if we're talking about transgender rights, that this issue will swing back in a different direction. This issue was already misplaced from hello, based off of the social elements, not the biological elements.


So that conflation had a lot of people confused. And look, I understand the power dynamics in our country. I know when that headwind is in front of you and is facing you, you're saying, do I speak to power? And a lot of people felt like they couldn't. But there was this brewing silent majority that happened not only in politics but in sports that was saying, man, if somebody doesn't step out and say what it is, what's going to happen? And finally that first domino fail, whoever that may have been, whoever they may have be, they may be. But it all adds up to now you have that strength, now you have that courage, now you have that movement.


And I don't think it moves back in another direction. The Democrats aren't able to let it go, which has gotten them a lot of criticism even from their side because smart people realize this is a loser of an issue. Here was Charlemagne, tha God talking about it just the other day on his show, SAT 31, Why have folks still talking about trans athletes? Like that is a losing talking point. A America's not with it and they keep making a micro or macro with that conversation. It impacts such a small, small group of people, but it makes a whole lot of people think folks lack common sense. So why are they even having that conversation? And I can't believe it states that still want to die on that hill. Like none of these states have a high percentage of trans athletes.


So what do you, what what's the issue? So what do you make of that? I mean, what do you think of that? Annamarie? Let Annamarie let me ask you because it's, I think it's mostly Democrats doing that. The, the Republicans have said how they feel and Trump won, so they're ready to move on. But the Democrats, if you turn into CNN or M-S-N-B-C, they're still very obsessed with this. They're still fighting for this. They're still putting on men posing as women trying to claim that they can't have their so-called right shut down by Trump executive orders. Yeah. You know, I am asked all the time because I'm very vocal about this on my social media pages as specifically people are like, it it, it affects such a small percentage of people. Why do you care so much about this issue?


And I think really the issues surrounding it is it's kind of like it's turning up the temperature little bits at a time to see what we as society will tolerate. And so I think people that can foresee the bigger issue that this becomes, if you are allowing, You know, someone born male to compete against women and You know, you're essentially erasing what it means to be female biologically, then what is going to happen next? What comes after this? Like things will just, dominoes will keep falling and You know, I don't want my my girls to look up 10, 20 years from now and be like, where did this all come from?


Oh, because no People, I think what you mean is your, for future inseminated persons, Right? Right. And You know, they're gonna say, where did this come from? And I, I can't live with myself, You know, knowing that I didn't say anything about it at the time about how, how ludicrous this issue actually is and the fact that people, You know, won't speak out against it. Women who label themselves, feminists won't speak out against it, women won't speak out against it. And I did mention this on my social media, You know, the re there's a reason why people are always silent on this issue because if you say something about it, if you speak out against trans athletes competing in women's sports, that's when you get labeled.


Like these words are Oh yeah, they Call you a bigot. They call you a bigot, they call you transphobic. These use, these words are used as weapons in order to scare people into silence. And they don't wanna lose endorsements, they don't wanna lose contracts. But that is what I've, You know, we've been at events where we've seen female athletes speaking on panels and then when they were, You know, when they're telling us quietly like, oh, it's crazy, or they're texting us. That's crazy. But then when you, when they're asked by the moderator that exact question, they will go into a very, very PC answer. And you're thinking to yourself really? If you were Oh yes, oh absolutely. If you were competing against a biological male in your sport, you wouldn't be who you are.


You wouldn't have your records. Yeah. You wouldn't have all your gold medals. Like that would not be a thing. So for someone to, You know, people are so afraid to speak up about this because they're afraid of getting canceled like I was for it. Yeah. And You know, it, it, it, it's really not that deep and this is what's irritating about our political climate right now and how I tried to even invade sports culture. There are two genders and anyone else has anything else to say about that? I'm going to judge you outwardly and tell you that I don't think it's highly of you as I did before you answered that. Now from that point on, you can look at the truth any way you want, but there's an absolute truth to that.


Now if you want to carve that up any way you want to and say, well there's a little truth, well then that's when we start to get into where we are currently, which is I'm going to say things in pandering to make sure that I keep my safe position wherever I am on the scale of things. And that's the problem. It's so obvious that when you talk about the issue biologically that there's a difference and it should be respected, right? Like there's no like advantage, disadvantage if you want to add it all up. Yeah, I could beat my wife running, maybe you can beat me in anything. Yeah, yeah. Maybe or most things physical, but then she could bring life like, like people don't look at the whole perspective of this stuff.


Like, oh, I'm trying to beat a woman in track and that's all, it's it about, no, this is a, a conversation that should be based off of the truth, which is a man and a woman are different for biological reasons. And it's been respected for many a years in sports and then it got invaded by a lot of these political and social issues. I'm glad they're out and hopefully like char I think about, So you're a football player. I think about my kids. So they, my boys now are 15 and 11 and my 15-year-old who's a freshman in high school now, they have to play a sport in seventh grade for school. And so a lot of them, most of them play football in the fall season, but they play seventh and eighth together and some of the schools have 7, 8, 9 together and You know, a boy in ninth grade versus a boy at the beginning of seventh grade, that can be like a man playing a little boy, right?


Like it could be a post pubescent boy, it looks like a man versus this little scrawny skinny, right? Like sinewy guy. It's dangerous. And that is the same thing as a woman trying to play male football or putting a woman into a male sport. Like that's the level of danger we moms on the sideline would be like, oh my god, oh my like, oh I hope he lives. And the thought of it being a girl who's not even going to touch the levels of testosterone starting to come into that, even the scrawny boys' body, it's downright scary. You know, it's like we would never look at NFL football and say, where are all the women?


Yeah, it's scary. And it was stupid. And look, people thought I was being like, like just extreme or I was crazy. I was like, my daughters are not competing against a transgender male. It's not happening. Anybody who comes out there and plays against my daughters and I have three daughters, they're gonna have to be the of the same biology because I wish people You Said that to me a few years ago before it was in vogue. Exactly. Yeah. And it exactly, and it wasn't, and please judge me if you want, but I am not what you're saying. I'm, I'm sensible if anything and I just know it. I'm, I'm an athlete, I know what I can do and I'm a washed up athlete who could still go out there with the best women, give them some run for their business because I still have that testosterone.


I am a person went through puberty as a male and it's a whole different animal. Okay, now speaking of football, you have to, you have to, you have to walk through me with the controversy that I got involved in this week. Kind of not through my own fault exactly, but the Sun newspaper had a report that the Eagles were not gonna go to the White House to celebrate their win. And I retweeted it telling them to F off. Oh okay. And this, this was bad because it wasn't true as it turns out it was the sun was fake news and they hadn't even been asked to go to the White House, much less refused. Now the sun was reporting that they had spoke with somebody on the O, they had spoken with somebody on the ownership team and that person had said zero chance we're gonna go.


And they did refuse to go when they won the Super Bowl in 2018. But now in the wake of all this, people who are connected to the Eagles are reporting and the White House is confirming that they have not yet been asked, but that the Eagles will go if asked, which would I think induce Trump to ask them. So it could have a very happy ending. But what is it about the Trump White House? Do you think that makes it even a question mark that the Eagles wouldn't go in 2018 and at least somebody connected to the ownership told the son there's hell no, we are definitely not gonna go if we win this game. Yeah. And it is sad to see the Seesaw effect happen where, oh don't ask us.


And then it's like the White House is saying, well we don't want to be embarrassed by asking and getting rejected. So both sides are sitting there playing this little cat mouse game when you should obviously not only be honored to go see whoever the president is, but the opportunity to go to the White House like we just did last week. This is so ass backwards. When you talk about why do people reject their opportunity to go to the White House? Well I can tell you from my perspective, I see the Philadelphia Eagles, maybe some of their players, if they reject that opportunity like they did in the past, it's based on they don't wanna be called a sellout. Exactly. It's as simple as that.


Now I've been called a sellout so many times that I'm like, well rather that label than being someone who's not living their truth, not living the truth, not respecting and honoring the presidency when we all live in this country, we pay our taxes. We have a huge amount of trust for him as he runs this country. But at the same time, you don't want that opportunity, that's fine. But the reason that it's not fine is because they're caring about the label that will be put on them very few Times. Just define sellout. Like what do you mean put some meat on that bone? Yeah, well, well, well for me it will be a black person who doesn't speak for the black cultures, not thinking about all black people, which is crazy because we are not a monolith.


But now I'm supposed to act a certain way, speak a certain way, and define my actions a certain way for the whole group. I'm not into group think, I don't even believe in power of the people. I believe in power of the person. There's not a single group out there, white, black, tall, short, that you could say all are the same. So none of us should speak for all of us. That's my mindset. But sell out is from the black perspective. Oh man, you just doing what white people want you to do or you're not thinking for black people. And that is a old mindset that needs to be discarded if you really want to go forward. I hope you're right. 'cause Trump definitely reached out to all communities when he was running and then showed up at the game.


You know, no president's ever gone to the big game before. That was great. Right? And he, he was there, he was cheering on both teams. I, I really hope it works out. I think it's a unifying moment for the country when that happens. Yeah, It's what's wild, Megan, is the fact that I met Donald Trump twice and this is Prepos. So this is when everyone loved him. And You know, I, I judged the Miss Universe pageant back in 2003 and it was the biggest honor and everyone was pumped. Donald Trump was in the building. You fast forward a few years, I have a friend who was a member at Trump in New Jersey and we're out there and he's just on the put and green. Next thing You know we're talking, next thing You know we're having breakfast together. Best time you say that now.


Oh dog, what was you doing? Why would you ever want to golf with Donald Trump. Like it's like, are you, shit me? You haven't even met him. So a lot of times they wanna say, well the policies, I'm like, yeah, he's canceling black history, but he's inviting hundreds of black people to the White House for Black History month. Celebrate black history Month to celebrate it. So It's very hard to figure out this racism. Very Confusing racism. Yeah, that's that. That's a crazy way to show you racist. But You know, So I asked, I asked your beautiful wife about this, as she said for me to ask you, but is it true you don't believe in Black History Month? No, I don't like Black History Muff. I got jokes too. Like first of all, it's the shortest mouth, so stop it. But no two, like there's no white history muff.


And I understand we have different history, but I don't need anyone to single out one time where we're gonna talk and really lean into all the things that are black. If you're not gonna do it all the time, don't do it anytime. And I'm gonna do it the rest of the time. You know, like I hate when people like give you this little handicap sticker in lane and say, all right, it is your turn. All right, go. It's almost like when you're coaching a kid that You know is not good and everyone knows we're winning by like 90 points. It's like, alright, it finally put 'em in. And that's what it feels like. Black History Month. I always have pride in my black history. I always have pride in my black presence. So why do I need this country to single it out? I don't like any of the identity politics when it comes to holidays.


Any of 'em. And especially when you have to identify 'em, it feels like BET and BET is now white owned. But even when it was black owned, I was like, I don't need to see BET 'cause I would hate to see wet white entertainment television. And then people were saying, oh no, that's every channel. And I'm like, look, whatever it is, don't single me out. Pander to me, pet me on the head and coddle me. I'll be fine. Yes, I'll be myself. I totally agree with you. I feel the same thing about Women's History Month. It's like, and Of course the kids, every other month they're going into a, You know, another one of these things. And I have to say my, my son, he asked a really good question. He's like, it just seems like our priorities are really screwed up when we have like a pride month and a Veteran's Day.


Like right on honey, you you got it. Exactly. Anyway, you guys, thank you. It's wonderful to see you both Marcellus Annamarie, please come back and thanks to all of you guys for joining us today. We'll see you tomorrow and we'll see you tomorrow morning for AM Update. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.