
Now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can stream DirecTV satellite free. These humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, It's just in weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news. Back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're at a buffoon Stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish. Visit directv.com. Internet required top rated news, Based on 2023, Nielsen ratings.


At KPMG, we make the difference by creating value, like developing strategic insights that help drive m and a success or embedding AI solutions into your business. Brighter insights, bolder solutions, better outcomes. KPMG make the difference.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. It may be Friday the 13th, But. it is in fact your lucky day because we have one of the most fascinating guests in America. I'm so excited to talk to Dr. Casey Means. Now, this book has been out for a couple of months, but I confess I had not heard about it until my pal Tucker Carlson had Casey Means on his show. And then I listened almost with bated breath to the interview.


I could not believe some of the things I was hearing, some I had heard before, but they were expanded on in very easy to digest ways. And by the way, speaking of Tucker Carlson, I was with him last night in Kansas City, Missouri, and we had just a chat on this sort of open tour he's doing with a bunch of folks across several cities, and it was super fun. I think he'll be dropping that as a podcast today if memory serves. But I'll just wanna say before we get started, what a great way for two, like ex cable newsers, right ex TV newsers, to get back together on our own terms as independent broadcasters and be able to talk about anything totally liberating.


It's just more validation that I'm in the right lane. And I think you guys know that. And to those of you who actually spent money and got in cars and got in planes and got yourselves to Kansas City last night to listen, thank you so much. I just, that takes a lot of effort and I was very touched by the big turnout and it was wonderful to meet some of the people who listen and watch, listen to and watch this show every day in person and to hug you and to, to hold each other depending on the level of emotionality and the, and it did vary and shake hands and hear what motivates you in your own life, what you care about. So thank you Thanks to all of you. Whether you were there or not, I appreciate you listening to the show.


Okay, so I love you so much that I'm going to extend your life today. I literally feel like Casey Means has extended my life. This book, Good Energy, you can see it's got all my highlights on it. It's pretty, isn't it? It's got a nice cover, Good Energy. And I also listen to the audio book 'cause you know, that's how I consume most of my books these days. And that other interview with Tucker that I just mentioned. And now today we're gonna expand on some of the things I learned, which I will help short form so we can move things along and get to some very practical advice. That's my hope that you can walk away away today saying, maybe I can't do all 20 things right, but maybe I can do five.


And these small changes can make all the difference in your life. And five is a start. You know, in a year maybe you will have done 10 and in two years maybe you will have done 20. But let's get it started because Casey Means along with her brother Callie, have been sounding the alarm for us all about America's health crisis. Their really kind of responsible for the Make America Healthy again movement. Spearheaded by RFKJ, Callie has been advising RFKJ. And Casey is his brilliant surgeon sister, who is author of this New York Times bestseller, Good Energy, the Surprising Connection Between Metabolism and Limitless Health.


And she joins me for the full show today.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. The app shows whether you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and stress management. You breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and then Based on your measurements. Lumen will give you a personalized nutrition plan for the day. You can also breathe into it right before or after your workouts and your meals to get realtime insights. Your metabolism, as we've been discussing, is your body's engine. It's how it turns food into fuel. Optimal metabolic health translates to numerous benefits we've been discussing at all show, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, better sleep and so on. Lumen can also track your cycle, adjusting its recommendations to maintain a healthy metabolism through hormonal shifts. If, you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/megan to get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me, me slash Megan for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Casey, welcome to the show. Megan, thank you here. Oh, the pleasure. So excited to be here. I'm so glad you're here. Be Yeah, me too. I have so much I wanna ask you. So let's get folks up to speed who haven't heard the interview that I refer to or haven't read the book because you know, Good Energy, they may be like, what is that? Like vibes. 'cause they're sick of vibes at this point in this election cycle. It's not vibes. So when we're talking about Good Energy, we are talking about the very foundational way that our bodies work. We're talking about metabolic health, a word that, fortunately we're hearing more about these days, but we're talking about how our cells power themselves, which might be something that people have never thought about before. And yet, metabolic dysfunction is the root cause of nearly every chronic disease torturing American lives today, from childhood all the way into our elder elderly years.


So it's a term we've gotta get familiar with. And the reason I wrote this book is because I had trained in the conventional healthcare system, I'd done whatever good medical student does, rise the ranks of that academic ladder. Went to Stanford Medical School, did five years of head and neck surgery training. And at the end of that training, before launching out into being a, you know, private practice or academic attending physician, I, I looked around me at what was happening in American health more broadly and realized that even though, you know, I'm working hard in my lane as an ear, nose, and throat surgeon more broadly, American health is just getting destroyed. It's getting destroyed. Chronic illness is exploding across the lifespan.


And that's not something that I really learned about in medical school. I didn't learn about, you know, why are these diseases going up? What are the factors that have changed recently in human history that are making us have this explosion of chronic disease? And that's a journey that I needed to go on before really launching out. And when I did that, what I found was that when you look at the science, the lens of root causes, not just the symptoms we're treating, not just the drugs that we need, you know, to prescribe to all of these different ailments that we have. When we look at root causes, what we find is that nearly every chronic disease torturing American lives today is rooted in metabolic dysfunction. And that is an issue with how our bodies literally power themselves. So that's what I'm talking about with Good Energy.


When our cells make Good Energy, IE have good metabolic health, so many of the conditions that are plaguing us can improve. And so that needs to be the central focus of our American healthcare system. And right now it is the intentional blindspot of the American healthcare system. And so that's what this book is, is all about. And so it covers a lot. It covers the, the biggest thing is food and what we're, you know, and that seems to be the biggest driver of cellular health But, it covers some exercise too, and it covers environmental toxins and things that we may be putting on our bodies and so on. So it's got the full panoply of things that will affect your cells and how you can improve. That's why I say if people, you know, feel overwhelmed, they, they can pick and choose and just get started.


But I think the food being such a huge influencer is empowering because if you're not yet an exerciser, just start, start thinking about the food If. you don't wanna think about your shampoo and your makeup and your carpet and all that, then just start with the thing that you're most actively involved in, because everybody's putting food in their mouth every day. And these critical changes can genuinely extend lifespan and improve health along the way. That's exactly right. The unique thing about this moment in time that we're living right now is that our world has radically changed just exponential rate of change over the past a hundred or so years with industrialization and urbanization and technological advancement.


But from a cells perspective, we have, you know, 40 trillion cells in our body. The world is very different than what it's been expect expecting through all of human history. And so what's really happening with our health being destroyed right now in our country is that there is a severe mismatch between what our cells need to thrive and work properly and what our environment looks like right now. And that's across lots of different domains. It's across of course food, which I believe is really that, that number one domain that we've got to, you know, get back to the basics because that, that's really the, that's the two to three pounds of molecular information that we put in our mouth every day to tell ourselves basically what to be built from and how to function.


But we're also talking about sleep habits. We're talking about the fact that we are sleeping 20% less than we were a hundred years ago, our emotional health, the fact that we have low grade chronic stress all the time now, from these devices in our hands, 24 hours a day that, you know, are streaming fear inducing sensationalist, you know, news stories from all around the world, straight to our eyeballs. When we're at the dinner table and when we're in our beds, we're talking about the sedentary behavior, the fact that Americans are literally sitting 80% of the day, we're the only bipedal upright mammals, and yet we choose to lock ourselves in a chair for 80% of the day, just squandering the miraculous gift of being able to move. We're talking about the environmental toxins.


We're talking about the 80,000 plus synthetic toxins that have entered our food, water, air, and homes over the past a hundred years by industry virtually unregulated, many of which are destroying our cellular health. We're talking about our relationship with light. The fact that we, for ever since the incandescent light bulb was invented just a couple hundred years ago, and now at the advent of blue light emitting technology, we're literally blasting our retinas with artificial light all the time. And this is totally destroying our circadian biology and our core foundational cellular health. So these are some of the things that we're, we're dealing with as a body, as a group of cells that make up our body that's looking for information from the environment and not getting the signal needs to function. So what the chronic disease epidemic really represents is this just sheer and utter confusion of our bodies with the signals that it's getting from all around us.


And getting back to food. This is the one that, I mean, each of these pillars that, that I'm speaking about has a profound impact on our core cellular health and metabolic health. But food, we have to realize, we eat somewhere between 40 and 70 metric tons of food in our lifetime. And this is not just calories, this is not just energy. This is the building blocks, the atomic molecular building blocks of our cells. And what people don't really realize is that our cells are actually constantly turning over throughout our lifetime, even though, you know, I kind of, we kinda look the same day to day. You know, I'm kind of gonna look pretty similar tomorrow that I did today actually. Hundreds of billions of cells are dying and being reborn, and they are re 3D printing themselves out of food.


Isn't that incredible? We don't, we don't think about the body that way as a process. So we've got to give the body good information every single day and pay that bill of, of healthy good food every day because we're constantly, constantly changing over our body, our gut lining, our entire skin cells completely turns over every few weeks. So we've gotta constantly be feeding the body with good information. Right now, 70% of our calories are coming from ultra processed, industrially manufactured Franken food, ultra processed foods, devoid of nutrients filled with toxic additives, a modern invention created by food scientists in the past 50 years that now make up the majority of our calories.


Of course, we're sick. We are eating 70% of that molecular information that builds our body from essentially garbage that does not have what our cells need to function. So that's why food is so important. But the second piece is also that food is what tells our genes and our cell signaling pathways what to do. We think of our genes as our destiny. It's not true. Our genes are a blueprint and how those genes interact with the environment is what our outcomes are. And food is one of those key things that changes our genetic expression. I'll give you a simple example that I talk about in the book. You look at a, a herb like turmeric, it has thousands of molecular compounds in it that the earth and that the soil has made for us to help our genes and our cells signaling function properly.


And one of those is curcumin. Curcumin actually goes into our cells. It binds to proteins within the cells and changes the expression decreases the expression of our key inflammatory pathway, which is called NF kappa B. So you're eating this food and you're actually turning the knob down on inflammatory pathway that drives disease. And we could talk about any natural food in this way filled with thousands of chemical compounds natural from the earth, from God to help us live our highest purpose life. And we, instead of using that precious gift with real unprocessed food from good soil that's filled with nutrients, we have decided that food is nothing more than calories. And it, it doesn't matter if we eat nutrient, avoid ultra Processed Food from a factory for 70% of our calories.


Well, this is a science experiment that has failed. Americans are just absolutely getting astronomically ill. And food is a key piece of that. And you know, unfortunately there's a lot of systems issues that lead to why we have become enamored with ultra processed foods because of so many incentives at the level of the farm bill and at the level of how media is funded that essentially make us believe that ultra processed foods are fine and normal when in fact they are not. Well, we, I am old enough to have lived through the, the moment in time when the messaging changed from what's bad for you is sugary foods and fatty foods are fine to fat is the problem, sugar is the solution.


They took all the fat outta the foods to make 'em taste better. They put all the sugar in and then we got hooked on this. We got hooked on these sugary foods. I mean, I, it wasn't that long ago, I guess 20 years ago that I actually thought a, a healthy snack would be one of those packs of snack. Well, cookies, my god, the shame, the shame. But, but I'm not alone. This I know, and, but you're one of the illuminating points of the book is that I fought that and many others think this way because we've been led to believe, we've been defrauded by virtually every person in charge of every industry that touches the food that arrives in our kitchen.


Yeah, yeah. This is the unfortunate part that I think people really do need to understand, because people do actually listen to the science. You know, we, we do listen to doctors in this country when the USDA food pyramid said, eat six to 11 servings of grains and cereals per day. We did it, we got very sick. But we did it when the, when Fauci said, get the jab, the majority of Americans did it. You know, we, we do listen to doctors, but unfortunately at the highest level of our medical institutions, there are conflicts of interest and corruption that are actually making the science that we're getting not as accurate, not as clean as we'd want it to be. So you look at some examples, NIH tax funder taxpayer funded institution that we would ostensibly believe is its sole interest is to keep Americans healthy.


But 80% of NIH researchers are have a conflict of interest with, with, with industry. So are getting paid also by Processed Food industry, pharmaceutical industry. There was a report that came out that 8,000 NIH funded researchers have a major conflict of inter a conflict of interest with industry. So we would assume that would just be clean, clean money from the NIH from taxpayers with a singular goal of American health. But in fact it becomes, it ends up becoming a PR arm to do scientific research that's mostly focused on pharmaceutical interventions in our standard conventional model of care, which is very reactive and very sick care and not focused on root causes.


Then you go to the US to today, which makes, yes, just to jump in on that, Casey Yeah. Just to jump in on that. So basically you're saying with the, like the FDA or the NIH who, the people who are looking at our food and what's okay and what's not okay, suffer from the same conflict as the FDA did on in dope sick as, as evidenced by that movie where the opioid industry got going because the people who were deciding whether that could be safe and marketed as non-addictive or, you know, whatever the initial disclaimers were, they're on the take, they either are getting money from these drug companies or in the case of the food industry, these, these big food manufacturers or they're banking on joining those companies immediately after their government stint is over.


Right? Right. I mean, you see this all the time with the evolving door between, you know, FDA commissioner and then pharmaceutical company right after they, they finished got Gottlieb FDA straight to Pfizer. It's just back and forth, right? But it, it's across every single industry. So NIH we've got 8,000 major conflicts of interest and researchers, FDA, we've got 75% of the FDA's drug budget coming from pharma, not taxpayers, USDA, we've got 95% of the people who made the USDA food guidelines for America, which come out every five years. So from 2000 to 2025 had major conflicts of interest with the Processed Food industry. You look at medical schools, you've got medical schools receiving huge multimillion dollar grants from, from pharmaceutical companies.


When I was at Stanford Medical School, Stanford Medical School received a $3 million grant from Pfizer for curriculum reform. So we've got N-I-H-U-S-D-A-F-D-A medical schools all taking money. And then you add on the professional organizations like the American Academy of Pediatrics or the American Diabetes Association, which work to create the guidelines that doctors practice by. And that doctors actually, if they step out of line of what the clinical practice guidelines are, they're at risk for reliability. And then these professional organizations are getting a majority of their budget from industry. You've got the American Cat of Pediatrics getting money from Abbott and from me Johnson and from vaccine manufacturers. These are the organizations that write the guidelines.


So then it's no surprise that you look at the recent American Academy of Pediatrics guidelines for treatment of childhood obesity, and all of a sudden what crops up is that they're recommending as first line treatment for childhood obesity, GLP one agonist injections, weekly injections for kids ozempic. And and so you, you just look at every single layer of our government agencies, how doctors are taught and who's making the guidelines and the money is astronomical what's going in from industry. And that's of course gonna cloud the way research is done and how we even think about health in the body. So I, as a medical student and all my peers who go into medical school to, with this very noble intent to help people and to improve children's health, improve american health, we go to these elite institutions with just wanting to work our butts off.


What happens? You e you, you enter a curriculum where the science is conflicted. The science that you're seeing at its most foundational level has conflict of interest where the school has been funded by pharmaceutical industry. You know me, the medical school is not getting funded by big kale or big exercise. They're being funded by big pharma. And where the guidelines that you have to learn and memorize and practice by also have a conflict of interest. So what you get is all these doctors who, you know, we start, you start medical school around age 21, 22, you're young and you know, you're, you're, you're deeply, deeply trusting of this system, right? But what you see is that the body is a hundred separate parts.


You see that what your path is gonna be is to go through four years of medical school and then pick one of a hundred different surgical or medical subspecialties that you're gonna focus on just one little part of the body. You see that really what a disease is, is a collection of, you know, symptoms and signs and you don't really think about disease until it gets to that place. And then you just need to, you know, figure out what the symptoms are, label the disease and prescribe a medication or do a surgery. You don't think about proactive health. You don't think about root cause health. You don't think about environmental factors 'cause that's not what being taught. And then you go into your practice and you're getting pressure from everyone around you, from the administrative staff, the bureaucrats and the billers to basically see as many patients as you possibly can because you are paid by volume, which further insidiously pushes you to, to not think about root causes.


How to really reverse or prevent disease. 'cause that takes a long time, right? That takes long conversations with the patient. What's easier, what's faster is to see the patient label their signs and symptoms as a disease and then give them a drug or send them for surgery. That's what's fast. And since we have this system, this incentive structure in American healthcare that's focused on volume, how many patients can I see per week? The outcomes is not really the thing that we're focused on. So you're taking these incredible, great, bright young minds and putting them to a system that at every level has conflicts that's pushing us to see the body as a collection of separate parts that's inevitable to get disease.


And that your job as a doctor is to label that disease and give it a pillar of surgery. And that, that unfortunately is where we're at and why doctors, even with the best intentions, are not focused on root causes. There's no incentive to do so. And there's little education. I think about it sometimes with respect to the very, very wealthy people. I know I'm talking billionaire, wealthy. I don't know that many of 'em, but I know some, and they all live into their nineties now how do they do that? It's because they have an individual doctor who's on staff or constantly available to them. I mean, take the most extreme case, queen Elizabeth, right? How did she live in, you know, to 93 her entire life?


She was probably eating clean. She had people around her monitoring things like her blood glucose just to make sure she was where she needed to be on all these things, full-time, attention and care. I think about my old boss at Fox News, Rupert Murdoch, same thing. He's like in his mid nineties he's had falls and things like that. But onward, he trudges. And then I've known younger people who are with the b in the, on the money front, and they've got, they travel for business and I, I'll see them on a business trip and they'll have their own food that they've brought with them. Yeah. And I've asked more than one of these guys, like, why are you bringing your own food? We're at this beautiful event. Like, I'm, I'm sure they're gonna feed us. No, because they know if they put themselves in the care of just some random chef in some random place, they're not gonna get the right beef.


One guy I knew, multi multi-billionaire, one of the richest Americans we have has his own cows that are butchered on his own ranch. And that's the beef he travels. It's just like, there is a level of eating and wellness that the average person has no idea about. But it's, you don't actually have to be a billionaire to get it. You just have to have the information truly in this book, Good Energy by Dr. Casey Means, and listen to the life changes you can bring on for yourself. You know, Megan, it's, it's, it's true. I i I also, I see this as well in a community of people who are, who have awoken to this idea that the reasons we're sick in America, the reasons that life expectancy right now is going down in America.


And a child born today is on track to live 600 days less than someone who is age 40 right now. Like this is astronomical. We spend almost two x more than any other high income country in the world on healthcare. We also spend 23% of the largest GDP in the world on quote unquote healthcare. And we're not even able to keep life expectancy stable. It's going down in our country. WW if, if that doesn't kind of rip you out of your slumber, I don't know what will, and, and, and so it's not for a lack of medication, right? We're, we're prescribing medications just more and more.


The more statins we prescribe, the more heart disease we're getting, the more ozempic we're prescribing, the more obesity rates are going up, the more SSRIs we're prescribing, the more people have depression. You know, the, the, it, it's, it's not correlating with the amount of drugs. It's so there's something else going on that's insidious, that's environmental. And like you say, people who are aware of what's going on are doing essentially everything they can to protect their bodies from the normal inputs that you are going to be exposed to if you're just living in America Day today. All of these invisible threats, Hey, can I just say threats around us? I'm so annoyed listening to this because I know you guys are tight with RFKJ and I know Cali, this is an interesting piece of your story.


Callie's your brother, and I've been following him for years on Twitter and watching him and listening to his expertise as well. But I know he's connected with RFKJ and helped him come up with Maha and, and that, you know, you guys have been doing some input there, but here's what's so infuriating. RFKJ has been raising some of these issues for a long time. He's an environmental lawyer, he's an environmental lawyer at heart. That's how he actually made his living. And Casey, no sooner did he pop up and say like, I don't know about these vaccines. Forget covid vaccine long before that. Like, I we're pumping these babies through a lot with a lot of shots at a very early age, and they don't really need this stuff. And so, and then his warnings went well beyond vaccines. He came on this show a couple years ago and said, you know, why, where do all the ticks come from?


Why is autism shooting up? Like all these things? And nobody would platform him at all. They decided he was part of the, so-called Disinformation dozen, that was the Biden White House. He was totally silenced on raising the alarm on a lot of these same issues because there really are, and you sound like a conspiracy theorist when you're like, the powerful forces are silencing him. No, they actually were because they really do have financial skin in keeping him and probably you and Callie quiet. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean it really, this all comes back to money, unfortunately, And, when you realize that around 60% of mainstream media's advertising funding is coming from the pharmaceutical industry.


I mean, you can't watch five minutes of commercial on TV without seeing a medication commercial. And you realize that the funny thing is that these companies that are paying that much to, to have the ad spots on mainstream media, they're not actually really trying to advertise to you the consumer. They're trying to get a direct line of communication to the media companies so that they can have an impact on the message that goes out. That makes our news. That's a key point, is that it's not about getting you to talk to your doctor about Ozempic. It's about having a direct line of communication to the, to the media network so they can have more control over what is said and who is platformed.


And this is why the emergence of independent media is one of the most disruptive and exactly what you're doing, right? It's the most disruptive and powerful force right now in the world. Because what you see is that when you look at independent media that are getting hundreds of millions of downloads per month, what are they talking about? Root cause health, the dietary and lifestyle factors like getting sunshine and taking supplements and eating real food and regenerative agriculture. This is what's being talked about on independent media when we're not in a choke hold from the advertisers to talk about a specific dogmatic narrative about that pharmaceuticals are the only way to be healthy.


And so I think that's very, very heartening. And you know, I think we're in a really interesting moment right now where post covid, which was just the, the probably the worst public policy disaster in, in human history, where Covid was really fundamentally a metabolic disease. People, we, we, we died at much higher rates than other countries that had better metabolic health. This virus went after people who were immunocompromised because of metabolic disease. This is why people with comorbidities were dying of covid and people who were otherwise healthy really weren't, and children were dying at much lower rates. And people saw that despite knowing that from month two, month three of the pandemic, that this was a virus that went after people who were compromised from lifestyle related and food related diseases, metabolic disease, that zero airtime and zero information coming from our federal agencies in charge for health had anything to do with improving our metabolic health.


I think it created a crack where people realize that there's a bigger problem here. So just to get back to what you were saying about RFK, you know, I think there's a moment right now where there's been some distrust that has been bred in the agencies and the healthcare system also. Costs are going up for everything with inflation. And right now our healthcare costs, our premiums in the United States are astronomical. The number one cause of bankruptcy of the United States is medical costs. So people are feeling it in a new different and poignant way. And I think we're also seeing this inflection point with how health even got worse after Covid do the lockdowns and other factors. Kids are really suffering. We've got 34% of kids with a behavioral menstrual emotional disorder.


We've got one in 36 kids in the United States with autism, one in 22 in California. We've got a DHD skyrocketing. We've got young adult cancer skyrocketing. We've got pre-diabetes and teens reaching 30%. We've got 52% of children overweight or obese. So there's a confluence of factors I think, that are happening that are making this the moment where this is finally making it to the mainstream, which is, which is really, really exciting. But this is why the concept of freedom of speech and what Elon's talking about and what RFK is talking about, and the, this idea of all the gaslighting that's happening around misinformation from the social media companies, ex excluded and, and mainstream media, this is why that issue is actually so important and why that issue needs to be thought about in lockstep with the healthcare crisis.


Because when, if we start silencing the people who are able to use the disruption of independent media to get these messages out, that's when we're screwed. People say, are you hopeful? And I say, I am hopeful because this is able to be talked about in our beautiful country where we can have discourse. But if that gets threatened, then I think it, it becomes a much scarier place to me. It's not totally dissimilar from, just to bring it to the current news cycle, what's happened in the past few days after the debate, it was placed in the hands of the mainstream media. We had fake news fact checks on statements that were absolutely true by Donald Trump. Kamala Harris was allowed to get away with lie after lie with no fact checks, no interruptions, no follow up.


And the internet melted down after watching it because we knew in our guts it was wrong. It was unfair. Yeah, we knew. And so we've had three days now of fact checkers all over the internet. Citizen journalists, you know, independent journalists firing off tweet after tweet on X, you know, showing the video of Kamala Harris's positions, which she denied showing the FBI stats on crime are false, that were cited by David Muir, things like that. And so this independent voice, this collective of the voices to make one strong counterbalanced voice is correcting the record and changing the national conversation and the national knowledge and maybe even the national vote.


And the same thing is now happening in healthcare, which is far more important. This is about whether we live or die. This is about whether our children live or die and for how long and how well, yeah. And you, you really are at the pointy head of the spear on this issue. And thank God now your message is getting out. And I know Tucker talked to you about this and you mentioned at the top, but like the, your credentials could not be any more stellar that Casey, I, our audience already knows this, but I mean to say she's not fringy is just an insult to even say that. Anybody might consider that about you. You were at the top of every single medical thing you ever touched until you grew really dissolutions with the system and walked away voluntarily Stanford, top of your class, top resident on your way at what you were a fifth year of residency.


They begged you not to leave. You didn't wanna go. You had done everything right, everything right. And then you realized you'd been sold a bag of goods. Yeah. Well, thank you. And I think you know, it, it doesn't take a rocket science scientist to see what's going on here. It really doesn't. And I, I appreciate that. But I mean, it's, it's really just about looking at the completely unemotional facts and stepping back for one second to ask why I think that's what Americans are doing right now. And, you know, just to list, just to list a little bit about what I'm talking about here, you know, because I I, you know, we obviously talked about this on Tucker, but I, I think it's worth just zeroing in on what I mean by American health getting destroyed.


Because then it becomes more like, why isn't every doctor stopping and truly like pausing their practice to get together to figure this out? We've got 74 4, we have 74% of American adults with overweight or obesity. 74%, three quarters of Americans have overweight or obesity. We've got 40% of children with obesity or overweight. We've got 52% of American adults with prediabetes or type two diabetes. This should be close to zero. It's 52% with an overt metabolic disorder. 30% of teens now have prediabetes. You know, 50 years ago, a a pediatrician might've gone their entire career without seeing a single case of prediabetes in a teen.


Now it's 30%. We've got, again, one in 22 kids in California with autism. This is astronomically higher than it was 20, 30 years ago when it was one in one 50 and then one in 1500 farther back. We have, again, 34% of young adults with a mental health or emotional health issue. Young adult cancers are up 79%. We are on track to have 2 million new cases of cancer in the United States this year. Highest ri highest absolute number ever recorded in human history. Autoimmune diseases are skyrocketing, especially in women of middle age, by some reports going up three to 12% per year.


Infertility is going up 1% per year. Sperm counts are going down 1% per year at a sustained rate since the 1970s, 77% of American young adults are not fit to serve in the military because of these chronic health issues. We've got 18% of teens with fatty liver disease. Again, pediatricians would've never seen this 50 years ago. And as I mentioned, life expectancy is actually going down in the wealthiest country in the world. So ignore credentials, ignore Stanford, ignore all of it. Look at those facts, all of which are referenced on my website for all the people who, who you know, wanna know are health is getting destroyed.


And at the best institutions in America, the hospitals, the medical schools, we're not talking about why we're talking about how to medicate these conditions. We're talking about how to operate more on these conditions. We're talking about how to increase access to the healthcare system that is not improving. These, we've gotta be talking about these. The fact that this was not a topic on the debate stage is an abomination of our media. Yeah. Why is this not the first order thing being talked about? That we are, that children have close to 50% of children in America have a chronic disease? What is going on? We should be outraged. We are spending more on this problem in a way that is not fixing the problem than almost any other line item in the American budget.


Taxpayers are paying for it and it's not being talked about. So everyone really needs to realize that this is, this is not a fringe issue. It is not something that, you know, it's just an accident that we're ignoring. We are actively ignoring this at every level of our government agencies and media and the, the, that, that needs to stop immediately. Okay. So the first thing we're gonna take up, I'll take a quick break, but we're gonna talk about three of the, the demons, sugar ultra processed foods and foods that you think are healthy, but which are covered in pesticides. You, you get your big leafy lettuce salad and you dive right in without worrying about whether it's organic or not.


And you may be doing far more harm than good. We're gonna pick it up with a specific food discussion and then we'll move on to some of the other toxins that are around us and ways to clean our bodies and our lives right after this. Casey stays with us for the full show. Again, the book is Good Energy by Casey Means md.


As a kid, you loved eating cereal, right? But as an adult, you don't want all that sugar and most cereals do not have the protein you need. But then there's Magic Spoon, a Nostalgically delicious cereal that tastes just like your childhood favorites, but without the sugar and with a ton of protein. And now Magic Spoon has turned their super popular cereal into high protein treats that are light, crispy and taste just like those classic crunchy cereal bars, magic spoons, brand new treats are so delicious and they can serve as a before or after gym snack. Magic spoons treats are an easy way to get 11 grams of protein on the go. And for the first time ever, Magic Spoon treats are available in grocery stores with delicious flavors like marshmallow and chocolatey peanut butter. Get five bucks off your next order at Magic Spoon dot com slash MK. Or look for Magic Spoon in your nearest grocery store. Magic Spoon dot com slash MK for five bucks off Magic Spoon, hold on to the dream.


Now two pigeons be moaning. The fact you can stream DirecTV satellite free. These humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, It's just in weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news Back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're at a buffoon Stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish, visit directv.com. Internet required top rated news Based on 2023 Nielsen ratings.


Okay, so Casey, I did the tease before the break. That's a very short form summary of what you're recommending on the health front, but put it in your own words In terms of the massive overhauls to eating that are required at the highest level, we need to move away from ultra processed foods and start eating real foods, unprocessed foods that are grown in good soil, ideally local and not covered in the toxic, invisible pesticides that are literally covering 99% of the foods we're eating in the United States. So it's a move away from this factory made food back to natural food. That's number one. I mean, when we get more specific in there, we wanna be eating foods that actually support our cellular and our metabolic health.


So that allow our cells to have the molecules they need to function properly. 'cause right now, all the chronic diseases that I talked about, they are all rooted in the exact same thing, which is dysfunctional cellular biology largely rooted in this, this issue of metabolic dysfunction that can be very much improved by giving cells the nutrients they need from food to function properly. So in the book I talk about really five things that we should try to look for in, in food and and include in almost every meal. And I call them the five elements of Good Energy eating. And this is making sure that in most of our meals we have a fiber source, we have an Omega-3 source, we have a probiotic source, a really healthy protein source, and some source of really good antioxidants and micronutrients.


So what what this does is it boils, there's a lot of components of food that we wanna get, but If you are focusing on getting those five things in most meals and knowing a few foods in each of those categories that you like and stocking your kitchen with them, you can put together a meal that is going to have a really good chance of supporting your cellular biology. So for me, what I do is I just have my mental checklist of foods that are rich in fiber that I can keep in my house. So this would be like black beans and chickpeas and legumes and hemp seeds. If I'm thinking about omega threes, I'm gonna always have some wild caught salmon in my fridge. Some, maybe some canned sardines, you know, canned mackerel, things like that for healthy protein.


I've got a freezer full of game meats and grass fed meats that I can just defrost and easily make a meal with. And then for probiotics, I've got my sauerkraut and my kimchi and my beet kavas and my Greek yogurt and things like that. So If, you just have a mental checklist of a few things from each category that you enjoy. Eating for health becomes as simple as kind of piecing together a meal that has these components. So, so that's just sort of really high level when when we think about grocery store shopping, you know, I'm not gonna say that every packaged food in the grocery store is a problem because everything exists on a continuum of processing. You know, one of my favorite foods is like flax crackers, flackers, something like that.


And that's just literally organic flax seeds, apple cider vinegar and spices. It comes in a bag, it was made in a factory, but it's really a simple whole organic food in that bag. Compare that to something like a twine or a Pop-Tart where there is a list of 40 ingredients. Things that you know you've never heard of before. I mean, you see on these packaged feuds things like polysorbate 80 and Malto Dextrin and Red 40. We don't know where those things come from. We can't visualize them. Those are things that we should avoid. So just really being clear about, you know, what is going into my body. And I think at the highest level, this just comes down to backing up and building a new relationship with food.


And really not just really understanding it for what it actually is, which is this miraculous substance that comes from the ground, by the ground, interacting with sunlight through plants and through photosynthesis. And that we get to take into our body to really determine our mental health, our physical health, our longevity, our mood, our thoughts. I mean, food is making really everything. And so we should both be, I think, in awe of what food can do for us. We should really respect that. It is just this incredible process that happens on earth as really a gift for us to be able to use to, to reach our highest purpose.


And we should invest a lot more time and money in our lives and in our families, in prioritizing the highest quality food we can. Because high quality food will lead to a high quality life. And Americans spend a fraction of a percentage of their total income on food as compared to European families who are much healthier than us. And so it's just, I think a lot of it, a mindset set shift towards remembering what food is and that there's an alchem reaction between ourselves and food that really determines our health outcomes. And having more respect for the whole process and having more respect for our bodies. You know, realizing that our bodies are truly miracles, each of our lives is a miracle.


And one of the ways that we can honor this incredible experience of being able to have this life and be here in this, on this beautiful planet for, you know, no discernible reason. Like it's just such a, such a gift and a joy that we get to be here. One of the ways we can honor that miracle and this opportunity of life is to eat, you know, un poisoned, unprocessed fresh food from farmers that we know. And so I just tell people like, if there's an opportunity to get your family out to the farmer's market once a week, talk to farmers, look people in the eye who are growing the food. 'cause that food is going to become your body. It's going to become your thoughts, it's gonna become, oh, who are, think about that. That food is going to become your body.


Oh my gosh, that's so well put that, that brings it home. Keep going. Yeah, no, yeah, I mean I think it's just, it's, we need to just wake up from the slumber that has been indoctrinated into us. That that, that, you know, these, these foods that are so devoid of life, you know, you think about, there's some really interesting, actually studies on this where If, you take food straight outta your garden or food that was picked by a farmer that day. And so it's farm fresh and you eat it. It's filled with things like vitamin C and antioxidants and polyphenols and all these things that are gonna support our health. But the average piece of food travels 1500 miles now from the soil to our plate. And every day that food is out of the soil, it is one more day that it has been dead.


And as something is more dead, so more disconnected from the life source, which is the soil and the water and the sunlight that kept it alive, there's gonna be a degradation of nutrients. So food, it's like your Christmas tree. Think about what ha what happens to your Christmas tree over the 10 days of standing there, it starts dying. So we are eating not only in the grocery store, food that's in the grocery store may have been out of the soil for 2, 3, 4 weeks. It's traveled in a refrigerated van, you know, or a truck hundreds, if not thousands of miles or flown from Chile or Mexico to your plate, just dying, losing nutrients. How do we expect to be vital and to have longevity if the food we are eating is more dead than it has ever been in history, then you take that fresh food and you put it in a factory and you process it and you strip it of all of its helpful nutrients, and then you put chemical preservatives in it to make it essentially be shelf stable.


What do we think that's gonna do to our biology when we are eating something that is so devoid of life? So these types of reframes I mentioned just because we are so disconnected from nature, 150 years ago, 97% of Americans grew some of their own food. Now it's less than 3%. So we are just so disconnected from this miracle. And I think part of the reckoning and the awakening to reverse the chronic disease epidemic and also get back on top of, I think this darkness that a lot of us feel in culture and society today. This just sense of emptiness and darkness that's kind of taking over. I think part of it's gonna actually just be getting closer in touch with our food and with the soil and with this beautiful miraculous dance that happens between the environment and our bodies every day to create the lives that we want and investing more in that.


We're, we'll take a break in two minutes. So this, I'm gonna start a discussion that we won't possibly finish before the break, but this is where organic comes in, right? Yeah, because I, I, I had friends 15 years ago and they actually ghost wrote a book on what an organic foods and their conclusion was, the only thing that you really need to make sure is organic when you do your grocery shopping is strawberries. Other than that, it's not really worth it. This is not good information and you're sounding a very different alarm. So is the, would you say that if it's a fruit or a vegetable, you know, if it comes out of the earth, either from a, you know, the actual earth or from a treat, et cetera, it has to be organic.


The orga, I know we have to go to break, but I think my, my short answer would be it is absolutely beneficial for it to be organic and we need to be implementing the precautionary principle when we think about organic or non-organic food, which is that even though the, the data may be muddied in large part because the industries that make these pesticides like Bayer, Monsanto have a huge interest in making us confused about whether they're safe. We know that a lot of these pesticides are linked to cancer, autoimmune disease, behavioral issues, endocrine disruption and hormone disruption. And so for me, thinking about the fact that 6 billion pounds of synthetic pesticides are spread in our food system every year and chronic disease rates are skyrocketing and there's mechanistic evidence of why, I certainly feel that it is important to choose foods that, that don't have that, that, that, that those toxic stuff episodes on them.


Yeah. And then when you get those foods home, those organic foods, do you have some special washing technique for them? You know, I personally, I, I just do a quick rinse of my food, but that's because I'm actually now buying food from all farmers that I know. So when I go to the farmer's market, you know I am getting it from the Apricot Lane farm stand. I have been to Apricot Lane Farms. I know Molly Chester who runs that farm. I get my meat from white oak pastures. I know Will Harris, who owns White Oak pastures in Bluffton, Georgia. I get my meat from Primal Pastures easier If you? Yeah. Oh wait, no, so he's in Georgia.


'cause you're in Oregon, aren't you? I'm in California, but you can get these things shipped now. Wait and hold that thought. That's a good tease. Okay, I'm gonna take my break. We're picking it up right there. This is where we're getting down to Brass tack. What, how exactly should we eat and how do we get the good food? The book is called Good Energy.


Being able to run your business on your schedule is important. If mailing items like legal documents, checks, or marketing materials takes up a lot of your time, stamps.com is the time saver. You need cut down on hours spent on mailing and shipping with stamps.com and do it on your timeline, not anyone else's from small businesses to multi-location organizations, stamps.com handles all of your mailing and shipping needs, wherever, whenever. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with the stamps.com. Okay. All you need is a computer and a printer. They even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard and get rates you can't find anywhere else. Like up to 89% off USPS and UPS, order shipping and mailing supplies, labels, and even printers from the supply store. Sign up it's stamps.com and enter code MK for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's stamps.com code MK.


Now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can stream DirecTV satellite free. These Humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, It's just in weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news Back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're at a Buffoon stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish. Visit directv.com. Internet required top rated news, Based on 2023, Nielsen ratings


At KPMG, we make the difference by creating value, like developing strategic insights that help drive m and a success and embedding AI solutions into your business to sustain competitive advantage or deploying tech enabled audits to deliver more accurate and transparent outcomes. Brighter insights, bolder solutions, better outcomes. It's how we make the difference every day. KPMG make the difference.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major Sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free. Offer details apply.


Casey, we were talking about what specifically? Like how do you get your beef? Because I will tell you like a frustration of mine here in Connecticut, and you would think in Connecticut there'd be farms everywhere. There really aren't, it's very hard to find a farmer's market or actually glad hand with an actual farmer. So you're limited to the whole foods, but the whole foods is really not that great. It's not exactly whole. So you were giving us some options on like for people like me who don't have, you know, a, a farmer down the road. Yeah. So I think when it comes to meat, there are some great frozen options Today. Freezing is actually a great way to preserve nutrients in both fresh produce and also in meats.


If foods are frozen right at the time of harvesting or slaughter, they retain more nutrients than if they are just left at ambient temperature. So, you know, now there's a lot of great services that you can order regenerative grass fed organic meat from around the country and have it shipped to you. Force of nature is a great brand that, you know, is in Whole Foods. And like I mentioned, you know, ordering from a regenerative farm like White Oak Pastures, you know, and, and many others. It's, it's a great option today now that we're able to, to ship. And then I would say for people who are trying to find organic produce, If, you don't have anything fresh near you. That's where I think getting a lot of, you know, frozen produce, like from Costco or places like that, or even Walmart has quite a bit of organic selection today.


Those are good options. Farmer's market is ideal because if you're speaking to the farmer and you know that food was harvested recently, it's likely gonna have the highest nutrient composition because it's traveled less. And so that's ideal If. you can, and you know, really just making it a family event. You know, this should be something we do with our families. We should get kids talking to farmers interested in food early. And so, you know, googling, trying to find a farmer's market near you and then walking around and just speaking to the people growing your food and learn how it's done. I mean, this is, this is really something we need to get back in touch with. Yeah, fortunately I live in southern California, so we have some great produce here around, but it's winter. Yeah. Yeah. So, well, there's a few options.


I mean, certainly again, frozen food, you know, buying some of the dry staples in, in bulk, like something like beans and legumes and, and you know, nuts and seeds and those things are less perishable. There's, and, and then I think, you know, frozen companies, there's like daily harvest, which can get you organic, frozen food direct to your home. And then I would also say there's actually some really unique options you can do, like growing your own food indoors. I have a product called a Lettuce Grow in my house, which is a vertical indoor farming system. Yeah. And, and we're growing food all the time in our kitchen. Wait, God, how home, how, how much room does this take? I want, tell me everything I did once interview Elon Musk's brother who is doing this kind of Yes.


He's big into indoor farming. So I've, I know a little bit, but keep going. Explain this. Yeah. You know, I mean, compared to like regenerative agriculture in the soil, it's, it's, it's different, you know, because you're, you're not growing it in like the ground. You're growing it in a vertical farming towel. So tower, so mine has 36 slots and you stick a little sprout in each slot, and over the course of one to two months you get a gigantic head of lettuce, a gigantic head of cauliflower, broccoli, tomatoes, herbs. And so you could actually grow these indoor year round. So when I lived in Bend, Oregon and it was snowy for four or five months a year, I was actually growing all sorts of produce in my kitchen and in my office. And it basically cycles water through a tower and can grow it with very, very little energy.


So unfortunately the price point of these are still a little bit high, but, you know, I think it's, it's amazing how much it gets you back in touch with the miracle of how food is grown. And, and it's kind of like a, a gateway, growing a little bit of your own food, even if it's herbs, is almost like a gateway drug to getting to be more inspired by sourcing of food. 100%. I mean, I know that even from my own lame little garden at the beach where we just did the typical cucumbers and tomatoes, but suddenly it was like, oh wow, our own food. It had no pesticides on it. It was grown right outside of our home. It tasted delicious. And we did notice the difference, the pesticides, you know, I, you know, Dr. Marx Sisen, not, he's not a doctor.


Yes. Mark Sissen. Yes. He's behind Primal Kitchen brand, which is amazing. And I know you must love he, he said on the show he's very leery now of fruits and vegetables. He, it just, he's very worried about the, the number of pesticides on your average fruit and vegetable. And he's, he's very, I don't know if he's full paleo on, you know, all the meats and so on, but he was leaning that direction more and more. What are your thoughts on that? Because I, you do have some interesting conclusions on diet and like the various diets that are out there and so on. Yeah, you know, I think that we do need to have a bigger conversation about pesticides in this country because it's, it's, it's just so unchecked when we think about the companies that are making pesticides in the US we are buying a lot of these chemicals straight from China and straight from Germany.


Oh God. And two American companies. One of the, the largest merger ever in Germany was the merger of Bayer Monsanto. So a pharmaceutical company, an agrichemical company that are now teaming up. And what's so devastatingly, I don't even wanna use that word ironic 'cause it trivi trivializes how serious this is. But you know, Bayer, Monsanto, Bayer makes pharmaceuticals to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. And glyphosate, which is made by Monsanto, has strong links and mechanistic links to the development of non Hodges lymphoma. So you think about how dark that is, that it's almost like a revolving door between a merger of a company that creates a product that's virtually unregulated in our country that leads to cancer and then has merged with a company that creates a treatment for that cancer.


So that's the type of darkness that we're seeing in the pesticide industry. And you know, chem China that makes a huge amount of the pesticides we buy. We're just funneling billions of dollars towards China to basically sell us chemicals that are invisibly poison our food. And these pesticides, If, you look at the scientific links to diseases, we know that pesticides are linked to a DHD to thyroid disease, to sperm dysfunction, female infertility, male infertility, cancer, autism, liver disease. The list goes on, on and on. And that they actually poison the part of our cell that does mitochondrial or metabolic activity, which is the mitochondria. People remember from high school biology, the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell. It's the key part of the cell that's involved in metabolic health. And it is damaged by pesticides of which 99% of American foods are grown non-organically.


So are using these synthetic pesticides, which have a link wildly to Nazi Germany who was developing organophosphate pesticides as part of their war effort to increase yields to feed German soldiers. And so it's just a very, very dark link. There's been a lot of corruption in that data. The Monsanto papers was this scandal that came out years ago about Monsanto essentially, you know, working to silence the, the data and massage the data that said that pesticides are safe. And then you look at how this sort of, you know, how this is happening on the systemic level. Well, we have a farm bill that's renewed every five years and this is a 500 billion plus dollar bill that is used to help support farmers with crop insurance and subsidies for commodity crop growth.


But unfortunately, what this $500 billion bill does is it funds the commodity crops that are turned to ultra Processed Food. So corn and wheat, soy sugar beets, things like that, which then become the cheapest possible commodities on the market because taxpayers have funded the subsidies, which then gives a cheap, basically raw material to all the ultra Processed Food companies to then turn into these ultra processed garbage foods that are built on the backbone of commodity crops. Then they add in toxic colorings and natural flavors and dough conditioners and preservatives to make it taste like food.


But really it's built on this bland taxpayer funded, pesticide covered commodity crop through our farm bill. So at the policy level, this is how it gets on our plates, and this is why the unhealthy food is cheaper, because taxpayers are paying for it to be subsidized to be cheaper. And then taxpayers are paying for the environmental externalities from this destructive type of agriculture and for the healthcare cost of Americans who are getting sick because of this food. So we're paying, we're paying four times over for the unhealthy food that is making us sick. And the, the devastating part, you know, 'cause it's, it's not necessarily, you know, the farmers who are responsible for our health. It's, it's the doctors who are there to help us out our health. But this is the part that's devastating is that there's a devil's bargain that exists right now between ultra Processed Food who wants to make food as cheap and addictive as possible.


So we'll buy more. And the healthcare industry that benefits off of financially benefits off more patients being sick with chronic illnesses and needing treatment over longer periods of time. You would think that doctors would be in the, the front of the line to be studying what pesticides and plastics and microplastics and artificial colorings and preservatives in our food are doing to our chronic illness. But have you ever heard, you know, some, someone in the the fauci realm getting up and talking about these things on a microphone saying, we have to investigate our food supply. No, it's someone like RFKJ who's then being silenced for talking about these things and talk and, you know, being called a fringe lunatic for bringing these things up. And so yes, there's something very dark and backwards around the incentives between these two of the largest industries in the country that unfortunately, and this is an unemotional statement of fact benefit from more Americans being addicted to taxpayer subsidized ultra processed foods filled with toxic additives and a healthcare industry that benefits from more patients having chronic disease over a longer period of time.


I, that brings me to seed oils, which I really wanna discuss, but before I get there, I, I wanna just say the conclusion that I reached from reading the book on the number of diets, the kinds of diets, whether it's keto or paleo or Mediterranean, and what I think you correct me if I'm wrong about your conclusion. So I've been reading a lot of you, so I may have confused it, but I think you reached basically the same conclusion that Peter ATT reached and that he espoused on our show, which was, he said he's come to the conclusion that it doesn't really matter which one of those you choose, that you shouldn't be too rigid. But what does matter is the things you're talking about eating real whole foods, no sugar, no added sugar, we're not talking about the sugar that naturally occurs in like a raspberry, but like the added sugar, avoiding seed oils trying to at least limit, ideally eliminate alcohol, those kinds of things.


But do you have the same conclusion just on, you know, eat kind of the general plan you want, but make sure you follow these guidelines? Yeah, we have to realize that the diet wars are a charade. Diet controversy is intended to confuse us so that as consumers we're spinning our wheels and not sure what to eat and grasping for different solutions sold to us by marketers and the food industry. We are being distracted from what matters, which is that the vast majority of American calories and the foods that are being gavage down kids' throats is pesticide covered, plastic filled chemical laden science experiment food from a factory that is destroying our cellular health.


So step 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 is to get off ultra processed foods before even talking about a dietary philosophy. So that's number one. The second piece, and you know, and you know, just look at the world, there are so many different traditional types of diets all over the world with different macronutrient compositions and different types of foods that people are eating. And we, we are designed as, as humans to have all these redundant pathways in our body that can use different types of foods to generate cellular health. But the the common denominator between a carnivore diet that leads someone to improve their metabolic health and a vegan diet that leads someone to improve their metabolic health is real unprocessed clean food.


So there's more commonalities than differences. So I, I just wanna be very clear, the diet wars are a distraction from what matters, which is eating high quality, nutrient filled, non chemically laden food. So we just, that, that, so that, that is the key point is that we, many industries benefit off of our mass confused about diet. And you know, there's another piece of the puzzle here, which I think is actually a really beautiful aspect of the world that we're living in right now and the technological advancements that have happened in science, which that we have access to a lot of testing and you know, biomarker, lab work, things like that, that can actually tell us each, if our diet is working for us.


So right now over 50% of Americans, when you survey them, they're completely confused about nutrition. They don't know what to eat and they feel paralyzed by all the choices and the different diet wars. But what people don't understand is that when we understand the basics of our foundational lab work, simple tests that any doctor can order and we take some ownership and start really being the CEO of our health and not just fully outsourcing our health data to daddy doctor, you know, when we start taking some more ownership over that, which the healthcare system has indoctrinated patients to believe that they're not smart enough to understand their lab work, which is incorrect, I think every fifth grader in America can understand their basic lab work and the physiology behind it.


And that's why I laid out in my book things like triglyceride levels, hgl, L cholesterol, fasting glucose levels, what does a blood pressure mean? You know, these, these basic lab work, if we track those over time and we understand the basics about them, we can see whether the diet we're eating is generating metabolic health and is generating the conditions in our body that will help us avoid chronic disease. So the two key points here are eat unprocessed real food as local as possible. You know, ideally connect with farmers If you can and check your biomarkers every two to three times a year. The basics, you don't need to do any fancy expenses stuff, stuff that's covered by insurance and track whether it's working for you.


Right now, when we look at basic metabolic lab work, 93% of American adults are not, are not getting a good mark for the basic five metabolic biomarkers, which is glucose triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, waist circumference, and blood pressure. 93.2% of Americans are not optimally managed on those, those biomarkers. So each of us needs to know those things for ourself. And then as we, as we engage in dietary strategies and try different things on check routinely, and you can actually be very clear whether it's working for you or not, you don't have to be confused and you don't have to outsource that information completely to your doctor. It's on top of that.


It's amazing. I, I saw recently a card, my cardiologist, I go once a year and we were talking about how to make sure you maintain heart health and he was saying make sure you have a low in saturated fat diet. But we did not discuss any of this. Like we did not discuss any of this. None of this was raised by one of the best cardiologists in New York, which is obviously a big city. And what you are saying is it's really not about the amount of saturated fat in your diet. It it's about what kind of foods are you taking in net net on a 24 and seven day a week basis. And If you are eating low in saturated fat, but you're eating high in processed foods and seed oils and a lot of sugar, you're probably still gonna have unfavorable heart results, right?


And and I think that, you know, we all are biochemically individuals, so what really matters is the interaction between the saturated fat and your body and then how that's actually leading to your health outcomes. And right now we can understand a lot about our health outcomes with the tools available to us. So the biomarker testing, you know, we have all the wearables that we can wear now, like the aura rings and there's even continuous glucose monitors that can track that. And then there's also studies that we can do to actually see inside things like our heart vessels, like calcium scores or clearly scans or carotid intimal thickness ultrasounds. There's tests that we can do to truly know what our risk is. And, and so I think there's a, there's a huge emergence really outside the healthcare system, more in the entrepreneurial world to democratize access to this testing so that we don't have to walk around feeling confused and we can have some more empowerment about understanding, you know, the, the, the biomarkers that truly tell us about foundational cellular health and how this confluence of factors in our environment is interacting with our own bodies to generate health or, or not.


And so's the, what does the or ring show you, you held up your, your finger. I've seen people wear this, but I I haven't looked into it. The aura ring. It's, it's using essentially a light spectroscopy technology to, to understand that some factors that are going on in your body. So it tells you about your resting heart rate, tells you about your sleep, so different stages of sleep, how much rem deep sleep, light sleep you're getting total time of sleep, total time in bed, which are often very different. It's telling you about your heart rate variability, which is a metric of basically how much time is between each heartbeat. And that's actually an objective measure of how much stress our bodies are under. It also tracks my temperature and pairs with an app called the Natural Cycles app, which is the only FDA approved form of birth control.


That's essentially a, a digital app. And so the temperature, I think this is astonishing, Megan, I think most women, I didn't learn this until I was in my mid thirties, but you can actually track where you are in your hormonal cycle and your monthly cycle by just looking at your basal body temperature, which can be done through the ring. And so I have just learned so much about my own biology and my own cycle just by wearing an aura ring and then understanding how that relates to my monthly cycle so I can know the exact day I'm ovulating, I can, it can predict the exact day I'm gonna get my period. And I just feel so much more in touch with that beautiful cyclical nature of my female body by having a ring that's telling me that. So, you know, resting heart rate, that's a really important biomarker because the lower our resting heart rate is sort of the better our cardiac outcomes are be the, the less stress the heart is under to be, you know, pumping blood.


So that's a, that's something you can see from the ring. And I really wanna see my resting heart rate be in that like high forties, low fifties, you know, the, wow, the, the Mayo Clinic says 60 to a hundred is fine, but we actually know that as we get up closer to a resting heart rate of a hundred beats per minute, it, it portends much worse health outcomes than if we're in that lower range. And so it lets you just zoom in on kind of day-to-day, what's happening with these inputs? Like how much sleep am I getting and how much movement am I getting? It also tracks your steps of course. And so you can stay accountable to the key metabolic input inputs that we know have an impact on our health outcomes. So it's, it's accountability.


We talk about the continuous glucose monitor too. Yeah, which you said, I mean I, the book goes through in detail how this will help you monitor your life and how well you're doing and the glucose in your body and the insulin and all that. But I don't understand, is this something like, does it puncture you? Like how, how does it work? Yeah, so it's a sensor that you wear on the back of your arm and it does have a small little probe that's four millimeters long. It's like fishing wire, it's very small, you can't feel it. And that does puncture the skin. So this little probe is essentially sitting in the fluid around your cells in your arm and it's constantly sampling your blood sugar levels and sending that affirmation to your smartphone so you can see in real time what's happening to your blood sugar levels and your blood sugar levels matter because as we become metabolically dysfunctional, we sort have this problem in the body with how the body's making energy, how the mitochondria are converting food to energy in our bodies, what's gonna happen.


And as I mentioned, that problem is happening not just because the food we're eating, but also 'cause of the lack of sleep and the lack of movement and the environmental toxins. That's all synergistically destroying our cellular health. What's gonna happen when we become metabolically dysfunctional is the cells are actually gonna reject glucose sugar from coming into the cells because they can't do a good job of processing it anymore because the cell is essentially metabolically broken. So our blood sugar levels are gonna rise in the bloodstream because it's not being able to be taken out of the bloodstream into the cells. So because metabolic dysfunction is affecting 93% of Americans today, tracking your blood sugar can give you this, this basically constant movie of what's happening with this key metabolic biomarker. So when you have breakfast, you can look and instantly see how did that breakfast affect your blood sugar?


And then you might be able to make some tweaks. Okay, well I had oatmeal and my blood sugar went up a hundred points, which is very, very high. Maybe tomorrow I'll add a little bit of fiber, I'll add some fat, I'll add some protein, I'll take a walk after breakfast to try and minimize that huge blood sugar rise that I had after that meal. So it lets you have this closed loop feedback between what you're eating, how your sleep is, what exercises you're doing and what's actually happening with your blood sugar, this key metabolic biomarkers. I wanna, I wanna tell the audience that there are so many helpful tips in the book. Again, it's called Good Energy by Casey Means md. Like take a 15 minute walk after your meals that actually helps with the insulin in the glucose levels when you're eating a meal.


Let's face it, people are not gonna give up carbs. They're not, they're not gonna give up pasta permanently or rice or all that. But there's a way of eating your meal where If, you If you have Casey writes like a handful of almonds maybe before you go out, have a little, a little bit of fat and, and maybe when you eat your meal you have that salad first and then you eat your protein first and then you finish up maybe 10, 12, 15 minutes after that with the starchy thing like your potato or your pasta even that can help you keep the, these glucose and these insulin levels managed so you're not totally unrealistic. Like we're just never gonna have pasta again. You know, we're just, you know, the people realistically won't live like that. But there are these little tips where you can live like a normal person but minimize the damage that you have been doing.


That's exactly, that's exactly right. And I think everyone's had the experience where they've had a post meal crash, you know, where you have a meal and then a little bit later you feel exhausted and you wanna take a nap and you know, are, are feeling tired. And what's so interesting with something like a continuous glucose monitor is you can actually see what's happening in your body when you have that subjective experience of a crash. And often what's happening is that we've, we've skyrocketed our blood sugar levels with probably refined sugars, refined carbs, not a balanced meal. And then the body sees that huge blood sugar spike and wants to lower it 'cause it, it doesn't like that big blood sugar spikes can lead to problems like inflammation and sugar sticking to things in the body, which is not good. That's called glycation.


So the body releases all this insulin to soak up all that glucose out the bloodstream into the cells and sometimes it will overshoot and you will crash and you'll see your blood sugar actually going beneath your baseline pre meal. That is often when people feel tired, low energy jittery have more cravings for carbohydrates. 'cause the body really wants to get the blood sugar back up to baseline. And so it drives you to want carbohydrates. So I think for many people, when we're eating the standard American diet, we're on this blood sugar rollercoaster all day long, we're up, down and then we have to compensate to get back up so we eat some carbs and then we're up and down. And what's just amazing when you're using tools like this is that you can really see that as you stabilize your blood sugar with simple tweaks like what you were just talking about, pairing carbohydrates with protein and fiber, taking walks after meals, getting better sleep, managing your stress better.


Our day actually feels a lot more stable, like subjectively like our mood and our mental health and our our sense of ability to focus and our energy and things like that. That's not to say that people need this technology to, to reap the benefits of what you can learn from it. There's lots of principles like the ones we just talked about that anyone can apply to the way they craft a meal with or without a sensor and and still get the benefits of more blood sugar stability. But it If you, If you want it, the information's right there. You don't have to live, you don't have to move into Casey's house. You can have yes, some of this information, feedback in your own house for, you know, relatively inexpensive price. All right. There's so much I wanna get to in the half an hour we have left. Can you do, can you explain quickly seed oils because Dr.


Kate Shanahan, she came on the show. They are the hateful eight canola, soybean, corn, sunflower, safflower, grape seed rice brand and cotton seed oils. Good oils would include avocado, coconut, what else? Olive oil, coconut, olive, avocado, olive. And then things like ghee and, and ta, beef tallow, you know, duck fat, things like that. Things that are much more natural and have been less refined things. These are fats that our bodies have evolved to eat over millennia. The issue with seed oils, which is one of the most controversial topics right now in the world for whether they're healthy or not, I think you've gotta back up a little bit and and, and realize a couple things.


One that this is now the predominant source of calories in the American diet is these seed oils that are in everything. They are in every Processed Food, they're in salad dressing, so hard to find food without them marinades. You can barely go to Whole Foods and find a food. Yep. Without seed oils anymore. I mean nine I was completed last, last Friday I had on Dr. Marty McCarey and I was saying, okay, we wanna get nuts, just healthy nuts for the kids to snack on, right? Yes. So you go good luck finding a nut. The only ones you can find is maybe pistachios and macadamia nuts that haven't been treated with canola oil. I it like Yeah, and you know, the kids, they don't want the raw nuts. They want something that's been like a little like flavored, but I have been able to find macadamia nuts and pistachios that say ingredients nuts.


Yeah, it, it's, and salt. That's it. It's, but everything else, canola, canola, canola. Always, always. And it's devastating to see like what's even happened to Whole Foods. You know, the, the, the integrity and the standards of what they used to consider healthy have slipped so much where nine of the 10 things I pick up at a Whole Foods these days have too much sugar seed oils or they're not organic. So, so it's, it's, it's unfortunate. But, so these seed oils have burst onto the scene and many of them were actually created in the wake of Rockefeller's work with oil refining as essentially they needed something to do with some of the byproducts of the oil refining. And so in a sense we're kind of eating like en engine lubricant when we eat these seed oils.


And they are not foods that we had 150, 200 years ago. They're brand new and they're highly concentrated in rich for omega six fats, which are pro-inflammatory. They get incorporated rapidly in our cell membranes and have an impact on our, how, how our cells function. They outcompete other healthier forms of fat for places in our cell membranes. So they're actually changing really the structural integrity of our body. And I think, you know, we have to take into account the fact that these are generally stored in clear plastic bottles. That plastic can, you know, anything that's stored in a thin plastic bottle like a vegetable oil or canola oil can have those microplastics leaching into it. You know, you often see avocado oil or olive oil in a glass bottle, but these seed oils are almost always in a plastic bottle clear plastic bottle.


So that light is getting in, it's oxidizing the oils so they can make them more damaging and, and they're, they're just the majority of fats we're eating and they're devoid of really any nutritional value. I think If, you really wanna lose your lunch, you should google a video of how canola oil is made. You know, how is olive oil avocado? We did, we did you we did it because I heard you say that. And so we have at least one here is a little look at how they make you the, the very natural canola oil watch. It's the flakes into a screw press. It has a large revolving screw shaped shaft enclosed within a slotted cage. As the shaft turns its threads, squeeze the flakes with high pressure forcing out the oil, which then drains out through the slots, a 70 minute wash with a solvent.


This chemical extraction process removes all but a trace of oil. So the next step is to cool the oil to five degrees Celsius. This thickens those waxes so they can be filtered out. The waxes don't go to waste either. Gross the factory uses Them listening audience to produce vegetable.com. Watch this after washing and filtering the oil, they bleach it to lighten the color, then use a steam injection heating process to remove the canola odor. The oil is now fully refined and ready for bottling The listing audience. It looks like they put that through a car engine. That's really what it reminded me of, right? Shh. It's putting it through a car engine. It's, I don't want that in my body, you know.


And then on top of that, you do have to think about the bigger picture environmental impact because these are, again, taxpayer funded commodity crops that are covered in glyphosate and pesticides, which are hormone disruptors. And so you're, you're, you're, you're essentially by buying that oil and using it, we're also promoting a system that's driving this monoculture that's destroying the soil in our country and will probably lead to some type of food collapse in the future because of what we're doing to our soil. And so much of that land is being used to grow this stuff that's just going into sea oils. It takes like aton wait this ton. I'm just having my aha moment here on how kids are going into early puberty and the sperm count is going down and girls are having PCOS more than ever.


Even If, you have a household that's feeding them vegetables and fruits unless you're eliminating seed oils, they're getting the pesticides that you just listed, that glucose of fate, whatever it is. That way they're coming in through what's in your pantry. And this stuff could be leading to a lot of that. No, there's abso well there's three things that we really need to be thinking about when we're talking about hormone disruption that is rampant right now. Like you said, I mean a devastating statistic is that early onset puberty is now becoming like epidemic in our country. American girls are starting puberty years earlier than any other continent in the world.


And it has declined about six years, the onset of puberty in the past hundred years. And we're also seeing a huge rise in hormone driven cancers like, like breast cancer, which is an estrogen driven cancer. On top of that, we're seeing a sustained decline in sperm count and a sustained decline in total fertility rate and women's infertility, the leading cause of which is polycystic ovarian syndrome is skyrocketing. So across the hormonal spectrum, we are being destroyed and devastated. I, I mean, I can't, I'm 36 years old, I cannot talk, I cannot have a conversation with friends in my age group without the, the topic of infertility or IVF or egg freezing coming up.


So we have to back up and say what the hell is going on? Two of the big factors I think we need to be investigating are both pesticides and plastic. So, you know, plastic is everywhere. Plastic is ubiquitous, it's literally in every single thing. It's, our sheets are made of polyester, our clothes are made of polyester. Every bottle in our home is made of plastic. All our food containers are plastic. Plastics are now in our air nano particularized plastics in our air. It's in our water supply, it's on our food, it's in our homes, we're covered in it. And plastics and pesticides can disrupt estrogen receptor signaling act as xenoestrogens, which essentially create a pro estrogenic environment in our bodies and other pesticides like as atrazine, which is illegal overseas, but which we use about 70 million pounds of in our country each year, can actually convert testosterone to estrogen.


And so, you know, just as a real wake up call to people, we, we, we talk about does organic matter, it's like these, these chemicals that are invisible and are on our food can convert testosterone to estrogen. So why, why would we not be be worried about that when all of these hormone related issues are skyrocketing in our culture? So one of the easiest things that I think we can do to clean things up is to just, you know, we gotta filter our water. We, you know, we should avoid pesticides on our foods and we should really try and minimize the amount of plastic that's in our, you know, in our homes and on our foods and things like that. So what I I have a question for you from Debbie Murphy who is my executive producer for news.


She's been with me forever and she has a question I think a lot of moms wanna know about, which is okay, you get the, you get the, you know, non pesticide leading fruits and veggies into your house and then you send your kid off to school and you put it in the little plastic baggy and your alternative, you don't wanna put it in the little plastic baggy to send your kid to school with. It is to try to put it in glass, which is heavy and the little kid could break it and the school doesn't love it. And so I think a lot of us struggle with that. Like, you may have this good clean food and then you shove it in plastic or you shove it in Reynolds wrap and it's like that. Well that's aluminum. I, you know, same thing with bottled water. You, you, you have it in plastic or Oh wait, what is the aluminum any healthier? Like what are your thoughts on that? Yeah, I mean, yeah, we wanna avoid the aluminum too.


'cause aluminum is, is a neurotoxin that's, you know, filling the vaccines that we're using. And that's in, you know, we're drinking these aluminum cans that are also lined with plastic. So we're getting both plastic and aluminum. I mean, it's everywhere. Oh, I think, I think it comes back to, I mean, we don't wanna get discouraged. I think one of the things that always keeps me hopeful is realizing that like all of this is just a few decades old. Like we have forgotten that, but we actually got into this mess just over the course of like half a century. So we can absolutely get ourselves out of it, but we do need to wake up and realize what's happening and think about our priorities, right? Like, we need to get creative, we need all hands on deck. We need our, we need our brains to be functioning properly so that we can address these issues that are, all of this is slipping into culture because of industry interests and we're, we're kind of allowing it to happen.


But we have a lot of agency and I think we need to, like, we really need to, like I talked about earlier, get back in touch before, before solutions, before talking about like, well what's better than a plastic baggie or, or a Reynolds wrap? We need to get back to the basics, which is more spiritual, I think, which is the fact that like, what do we want from this lifetime? What do we even think about this lifetime? Are we connecting with our spirituality and the fact that we are having this like absolutely miraculous cosmic experience as spirits in a body for 70 to 90 years on this planet once in eternity. You know, like what, what are our priorities? You know? And, and then if we ground in that, whether that's a spiritual belief or a religious belief and really invest in that and just kind of unplug a little bit from this distraction industrial tech complex that wants us to totally forget about the miraculousness of experience of life.


Once we do unplug from that, then think about, okay, what do I wanna do in this lifetime? What do, what is my purpose? You know, where am I trying to get? And I think realizing that the temple of the body, which is impacted by all of these things we're talking about, this is our gateway to reaching our highest purpose to connecting with God during this lifetime. And I say all that, not to take us off topic, but because it's, we get really caught up in how difficult all the micro decisions are around our lives and how tough it is with the schools and the school lunches and the baggies and the lotions have artificial fragrances in them and the plastics. But I think we gotta ground this in like the real core truth, which is that, you know, we're, we're off course of the culture.


Our priorities are misaligned, we're missing what matters. We are totally distracted by tech and by all of this environmental stuff, destroying our biology and making us not think clearly. We got to get back on track from that place. Then we can talk about solutions, which is like, yeah, I, I want to invest my time and in sourcing healthy food and in trying to find alternatives. So that might be a silicon baggie, I don't know, it might be, you know, wrapping your kid's sandwich in butcher paper rather than a plastic baggie. But I think, you know, I'm, you know, there's certainly infinite solutions to kind of like piece through each of these, filter our water, you know, this and that.


But fundamentally, I just think it needs to be grounded in a sense of like, not overwhelm, but actually like, I'm committed to prioritizing this in my life because I, all of these areed one day decision by how culture's going, like I'm going to get a Wal Water filter on at least my kitchen sink. And then you do it and then you're done with that one. Like, some of it is just like, I'm going to do some planning to improve my life. I wanna say a couple of things 'cause I, I just wanna get these out because I know our time is short and you have to catch a flight. Okay, so there's, we, we should spend a minute on sugar, sugar's, the devil. Yeah, I just did the thing. I, I did a Google search and found out that your, my kids are allowed to have 25 grams of sugar a day according to the recommendations.


So I said, oh, that's not so bad. You could have like one ice cream a day. The, your, your position is, it's zero, it's zero. Hello we the sugar's terrible for, so I wanna go back to that. Yeah. But just a couple other things quickly. We do need to be exercising, walking is great throughout the day. Not one exercise, not one hour. Not sit at a desk all day and then do one hour of exercise all day long. Little movements, wall sits, mini little squats. Even if it's one minute or two minutes an hour, that's actually better for you than just the one hour and eight hours of sitting. And actually you cite somebody in there, I think it it, I can't remember who it is, but in any event it's saying, in fact If, you sit all day and then you just do that one hour of exercise, you're probably undoing the effects of all that, of that one hour of exercise by all that sitting, sitting is the devil sitting is death.


You, you will die If, you sit all day. So that's one thing. And the other weird thing, I'm just jumping around so I can get these things out while you're still here, see what you, which one you wanna talk about is the hot and cold therapy is good. Like saunas are good, cold plunges are good. You don't have to have necessarily a cold plunge to do it. You can just turn on the cold, cold shower for two minutes at the end. All that stuff is like testing your body and sleep, sleep, sleep. This is in your book and it, we've had other sleep exer on But. it matters, it matters. Get at least seven hours. And here's the weirdest but most interesting thing that jumped out at me in this whole thing. Do not take your grocery store receipts. You say, I don't want my receipt. Okay, so take your pick out of all those, but those are just quick rules for the audience listening at home.


Yeah, those are the keys. And you know, as you read the book you realize that all of these things are basically doing the same thing when we sleep and we avoid the toxins and we move more throughout the day, what we're doing is we're giving our body signals to help the mitochondria and our cells do their best work. So it all funnels through this core foundational pathway that lets us have just foundational health. And these are of course, didn't learn any of these things in medical school. Had to learn all of this after medical school. And so yes, absolutely. You know, I think that it is helpful to talk a little bit about the walking that you were talking about because I think this is very free and practical and actionable for people.


What the research shows that if, if we're able to move a little bit every hour throughout the day, so just get up and walk around the block or walk around our house, do a few air squats, just move our muscles. What that does is it actually keeps our glucose channels, our blood sugar channels on our cell membrane all throughout the day so that we're constantly able to take blood sugar out of the bloodstream and use it. If we sit all day and just exercise for one hour during the day, we're actually keeping those glucose channels inside the cell for most of the day and keeping that blood sugar floating around the bloodstream. And so it's a very different physiology if we're just, you know, doing these little micro hits of movement all throughout the day versus sitting all day and then exercising for an hour.


Of course that hour has a huge benefit and it's great for your mitochondrial health and your aerobic health. But what we wanna do is we wanna be exercising but also sprinkling little two minute bursts of motion throughout the day to keep those cells constantly metabolically active. So that's, this is the simple stuff like park farther away from the store when you're in the, in the parking lot so you can walk a little bit farther setting those little alarms on your phone for every 45 minutes or an hour to remind you to get up and move. It actually has a monumental impact on our 24 hour blood sugar levels. One of the things you recommend is the treadmill desk, which I said to the team, I'm like, what is this treadmill desk? Get a, can you guys get me a videotape of it? And three of the members of my staff said, we all have them.


Here's Debbie Murphy, this is Canadian. Debbie, for those of you listening at home, you know her well. She's been with me since 2007 at Fox and here she is up in Canada, boo Canada on her walking on her treadmill under, this is Kelly McGuire. Here we go. Another Canadian producer. All my staff is in Canada. I don't know why. Huh? Okay, this is Natasha. She produced this segment. Casey, there's your book. So she's not in Canada, she's down in Texas. But anyway, three of my staff are actually reading and writing and doing real work on the treadmill desks. Yeah, pretty much the only thing I do sitting indoors is podcast 'cause it's a much better environment and I've got the good background.


But to my right, right now is my treadmill desk. I have a bright pink treadmill desk. This desk will raise after the podcast and I actually have a standing desk outside. I'm pointing to my glass sliding door right now. Just an old desk that I have a little structure on top of so I can stand and I move my treadmill desk indoors and outdoors throughout the day. And that gets to another point about metabolic health that I think is sort of under, under the radar, which is we need to be spending more time outside astronomically more time outside. This is big, the research on this is insane. Humans are spending about 94% of their time in inside a house or inside a car. Only about 6% of their time outdoors on this spectacular, beautiful planet that we have this privilege to live on.


And this has, so I know, I know. I mean it's, so my, my ask my invitation for people is try to find things that you are doing right now, indoor and seated during the day, and just find a way to do some of them outside and ideally some of them outside and standing. So this could be, instead of catching up with your partner on the couch at the end of the day, take a walk around the block together. If, you are opening your mail that you just got from your mailbox instead of bringing it inside and sitting to look at the mail. Maybe stand outside at a table and, and do it. The reason for this is multifactorial. The first is that our circadian rhythms are being destroyed in our modern culture where we're being blasted with blue light from the screens. And we're spending 94% of our time indoors separated from sunlight.


Sunlight is a form of, of, of energy that actually hits our cells and our retina and on our skin and tells our body what time it is. It tells our body that it's daytime and the absent of light energy. It tells our body it's nighttime. That's important because we're diurnal animals. We do certain biologic activity during the day and we do certain biological activity at night. And in our modern world where we're separated from sunlight all day and we're blasting our retinas with blue light at night, our bodies are completely confused about what to do during different times of the day. And again, the chronic disease epidemic is basically mass confusion of our cells. And circadian biology is a big part of that. And the way we can actually fix that is spending more time exposing our retina.


Without sunglasses, you don't wanna look straight at the sun, but you wanna just be outside with the sunlight. Even if it's cloudy, that's fine. There's still photons coming through and you want your skin and your retina to basically see what time of day it is. So it knows what genetic and cell signaling pathways to do. And then at night, of course, once the sun goes down and different pathways need to be activated in our body for biology, we wanna basically separate from all that blasting light. So dim lights, you know, maybe use the blue light blocking glasses, turn your devices onto dark mode or put a red lights filter on your computer. Your, you, you want to reduce that blue light blasting your retinas. And all of this is to help your body know what time it is so it can do the biologic alternatives supposed to.


So the second piece, aside from circadian biology about going outdoors it's so important is that the air is actually cleaner outside than it is inside our homes. Our, our home air is actually usually more polluted than what it would be outside. There's some exceptions to this, like If, you live right next to a big highway, but typically because of all the carpeting and the paint and the plastics and the dust in our homes, it's actually more polluted. And air pollution is a huge cause of why we're sick. So just get outside, spend more time breathing fresh air. And of course the third piece gets back to the spiritual. When we go outside, we get away from our myopic tunnel vision that happens when we're locked inside these cages of our four walls of our, you know, offices.


And we see that there's a bigger picture. We see that there is beautiful nature doing its thing out there. We see that there's stars and moon and sun in the sky. We see that there are birds flying around and we realize that this is all bigger than us and we need to actually realize that we're interconnected to everything else on planet earth and in the universe and have more awe for that. And so for multiple, and that actually, and that that sounds a little bit, you know, woo woo. But in reality there is research that shows that when you spend time around trees And, when you spend time outdoors, it significantly lowers our stress hormone levels, which have an impact on our metabolic health. So circadian biology, unpolluted less polluted air and lowering our cortisol levels are all reasons that just spending more time outdoors can transform our health.


And when we sit inside at our desks, on our computers, on our phones, we get scared. We get small. We think the world is a terrible place. 'cause that's all we're seeing. So that's why it matters. Let me ask you a couple quick, quick ones. Okay? 'cause we only have a couple of minutes left, left. And I'd love to get these answers. Why, why shouldn't we take our grocery store receipt? So the the thermal ink on receipts actually is an end contracepting chemical and can actually affect our hormone health. And so we don't wanna touch our receipts. Yeah. And, and that thermal ink we should just not touch. So just decline the receipt and or ask for an electronic receipt. Brilliant. Got it. Bottled water, avoid bottled water from a plastic bottle.


The these are filled with nanoparticles of microplastic, which again can have estrogenic effects. And actually we now know that plastics in our, you know, that are in these bottled waters and, and they, they actually can go into our cells, these nanoparticles and disturb our mitochondrial function by actually going inside our cells. One thing that I think is astonishing that is not being talked about yet by doctors is the fact that the ubiquity of plastic in our air, water, food, and homes, which is an invention that was only created a hundred years ago, brand new. It's changing the way we're gonna have to practice medicine because now coronary plaques, like the plaques that block our arteries that go from our heart to our brain, we can do a surgery called a carotid neurectomy to take out those plaques and they're looking at those plaques under a microscope now.


And 55% of plaques are now filled with microplastics. So we not only have, okay, that's just too much of a bummer 'cause that I feel so powerless over the plastics. I'm sorry to cut you off, but we have got 60 seconds left and I gotta get these out. Yes, If, you get a filter on your kitchen sink. Do you need one on your shower? You know, probably it would be good. I don't have one yet. You know, there's kind of just too many things to do. But there are shower filters now and you know, I think that, that, that might be a beneficial thing to do. Or a whole house filter. If you, If you are If you can, but certainly for your drinking water, when you get water, do you get, what do you buy? You know, If, you buy one of those reusable, I take it you don't get a plastic. What, what material do you get? A bottle of water, you know, like a thermos and I just, I I use a stainless steel or a glass water bottle.


I carry multiple with me all the time. So I have enough water. Usually I'm carrying two liters at a time and I have a reverse osmosis filter that gets remineralized and that's under my sink. So, you know, we bring, I even will check bags now instead of taking carryon. So I can bring three or four liters of water with me on a trip just so I can like have something to start with when I get there. But otherwise a glass bottle would be your best option like spring water. Okay, so we ended it on a very small myopic note and we started on big notes, but that's fine 'cause people do need like practical advice for what to do, including your stru. Please come back. We've only scratched the surface. There's so much goodness in here. Casey, thank you.


Thank you Megan, so much for being a warrior on this health issue. I so appreciate what you're doing. I am a hundred percent with you and I should tell the audience, Nicole Shanahan's gonna be on the show, this show soon. Here's the book, Good Energy, go buy it by Casey Means. Get it now. God bless you Casey, and your brother Kelly as well. Thanks again for being here. We'll be back on Monday with the ejs. We'll see all of you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


Now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can stream DirecTV satellite free. These humans can stream all the top rated national news channels on DirecTV. And now with no satellite dish, This just in Weather sports election coverage. DirecTV has it all, but something is missing the satellite dish. What are you doing? I'm reporting the news. Back to you, Bob. Here's some news. You're a Buffoon stream. The top rated national news channels, no satellite dish. Visit directv.com. Internet required top rated news, Based on 2023, Nielsen ratings.


At KPMG, we make the difference by creating value, like developing strategic insights that help drive m and a success and embedding AI solutions into your business to sustain competitive advantage or deploying tech enabled audits to deliver more accurate and transparent outcomes. Brighter insights, bolder solutions, better outcomes. It's how we make the difference every day. KPMG make the difference.