
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the me Kelly Show. President-elect. Donald Trump is in Washington c Today it's all happening, meeting with President Joe Biden. I mean, imagine that got to be a fly on the wall for the whole thing. I mean, we will, we will be able to see it, but to actually be there. And he is also gonna meet with Congress and he keeps making picks for his next administration. And they're so fun. It's so fun to watch people meltdown over them.


Last night, he announced Pete Hegseth as Secretary of Defense, the co-host of Fox and Friends Weekend. I, I have to say I love this. Pete Hegseth is a great guy. I love Pete Hegseth, but Pete Hegseth was not getting any airtime at Fox News. And Tom Lowell, my old Ep And I put him on my show and went to Roger and said, this guy is incredible. You need to make him a contributor. And Roger was like, who? We're like this guy. He served in Afghanistan, he served in Iraq. He's great looking. He's great sounding. He's smart. He's also got an Ivy League pedigree.


We can need to scoop him up before somebody else scoops him up. And he did it. I, I, I'm feeling like I have a v very good record on this. I I help make Ben Shapiro a star. Buck Sexton, Pete. Heck, I I'm feeling really good today. In any event, they're, they're really upset about Pete. I'm not, I was surprised at first, but I'm actually really excited about it. The more I think about it, and we'll talk about it today. Today we've got someone on the full show who's making his very first appearance here, someone I've wanted to bring to you for more than a year now. And his name is Bill Ackman. He's an extremely successful hedge fund manager, reportedly worth about $9 billion, who became a household name after he began speaking out against the anti-Israel insanity that unleashed on our college campuses last fall after the terrorist attack on Israel.


Remember the blame Israel crowd? I mean, on ten seven, these people were blaming Israel this year. He had a political evolution of sorts and wound up endorsing Donald Trump. He gave 33 reasons why, including the open border economic issues and the withdrawal from Afghanistan and how disastrous it was under Joe Biden. Echoing the common sense issues many Americans also had on their minds when they voted for Trump. He is the CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management and the co-trustee of the Pershing Square Foundation. Bill Ackman joins me now.


This holiday season, millions of families across America will rely on credit card rewards to visit their loved ones. But according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, DC politicians are trying to pass a bill that would lead to the end of credit card rewards. They say the Durban Marshall credit card bill would mandate credit cards run on alternative networks, not the trusted and stable networks that you probably use today. And that there's no guarantee that the convenience, zero liability, fraud, protection, and rewards programs You know and love will remain. The Electronic Payments Coalition says Corporate mega stores are gonna make more money while you sacrifice your payment, convenience, rewards, and peace of mind. Find out more for yourself@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're at it. And oppose the Durban Marshall credit card bill. Learn more@guardyourcard.com.


Bill, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. Excited to be here. Great, Great to have you. So it's super fun to watch Trump name these names to the cabinet. And I. Don't know about you, but I'm, I'm loving it. I think it's just so innovative to go completely Trumpian. Just, just keep people on their heels. Do not go with establishment types like he tried to do the first time And I, see absolutely nothing wrong with him going with Trump loyalists, but that term keeps getting bandied about as though it's a bad thing. Well, actually I think it's, I call it dream team. I'm really super impressed. We have Elon Musk. We have a good friend of mine, Vivek Swan, who's incredibly talented.


I'd love all these, I actually been super impressed with all the picks so far. The New York Times, the Daily podcast today, and the New York Times itself is really wrestling with Elon's elevation to the right hand man of the sitting President-elect. They don't seem happy. I feel like you should look at somebody like Elon who's willing to serve in any capacity for our government and just say thank you. But they are concerned. He's got a hundred different lawsuits against him. How is he gonna deal with those conflicts of interest? He's got all sorts of regulatory constrictions on him that are important to our safety.


You know, why can't, how can he possibly be in this important role? What do you make of Elon being willing to serve as he is? I think he's a great American. I think he's a great global citizen. You know, if you have to think of a guy who's made more consequential impact on society, on everything from the electric car to space to now Neuralink Ai You know, he's, he's, I would say the most important figure of our time in the non-political sphere. And now we have the benefit of all of his talents, You know, working alongside the president. I mean the, it's incredible home run. I I've, I have not been this excited to be You know an American, if you will, in a very long time.


And so it's amazing. Yeah, I feel the same. And, and so what they announced last night was that Elon and Vivek are gonna work together on DOGE, the Department of Government fic efficiency, and start trying to find efficiencies in the biggest business of them all the United States government, and figure out where we can tighten our belt and save some money. And yet, You know, sort of the established Washington DC class is very upset about this because it means jobs of federal bureaucrats and that's what runs dc. So how, what do you make of this idea of DOGE Trump says in the announcement it's gonna be completely outside government.


These two will not be government employees. Yeah, I think it's a home run You know, I, I've always thought of the United States as one of the greatest in my day job is to find these really great companies that have lost their way. And then what we try to do is You know, bring in great new management and have them You know, fix the business. And that's basically what's happening here. And they're not gonna have to look far. And everyone knows the, the government is the most ineffective bureaucracy in the world. Governments generally ours is not particularly impressed us as, as citizens. And now we have an opportunity not just to find a You know cost savings, but actually to operate more effectively. You know the, the analogy that Musk makes is he says, You know, think of the government You know as just a You know when you go get your license, You know updated.


Think about how inefficient that process is. Well, imagine the entire country being run that way. And I think that's the opportunity. And having sort of outsiders do this, You know Elon certainly has the playbook. You know X was a quasi-government agency and the way it operated in San Francisco. And he stepped in, he You know took out 80, 90% of the employees and it's become a much more effective platform software development. The various features, functionality, You know, have, have been able to happen much more quickly under new leadership. And I think that's what we have here. And so, I mean, I think it's gonna be a huge boon for You know the economy for business generally. So, and that will help everyone.


When we saw Javier MLE run for and then Ascend Power in Argentina, a lot of us were shocked by how he spoke and the things he did with the chainsaw that he was gonna take to government. And highly entertaining. Here he, here he is, this chainsaw, and look at this guy. I love him. So I have friends who are from Argentina and they're absolutely thrilled with what he's doing. And he told everybody there we're in for some short term pain as we try to get our enormous inflation down. But these are the things we have to do. Here he is. This is video for the listening audience of him pulling these names off a board. The ministry of this, the ministry of that, and throwing them behind him, we don't need it.


It's down. It's out. And that's how I see Elon and Vivek You know who are supposed to go in there. And Javier, Javier Mele, our government, I had the advantage of being next to Elon in September when he spoke on the All In podcast at their summit. And I too was there and, and spoke on the same thing. And he was describing what it was he would like to do if this whole thing worked out. If Trump were elected and if he could form this DOGE thing, take a listen here to Sat 10. If you could just pair 2, 3, 4, 5% of those organizations, what kind of impact would that have?


Yeah, I mean I think we'd need to do more than that. I think Ideally that's, yeah. If you could shrink the size, the go size of the government with Trump, what would be a good target Just in terms of like ballpark? I mean, are you trying to get me assassinated before this even happens? No, no. Pick a loan number. I mean, You know, there's that old phrase Go postal. I mean, it's like their mind almost suggesting that, that people You know had like are immediately tur, You know, tossed out with, with no severance and, and You know can't now can't pay their mortgage. Then you see some reasonable off ramp where transition plan. Yeah. Yeah. So a reasonable off ramp where You know they're still You know earning, they're still receiving money, but have like, I dunno, a year or two to, to find, to find jobs in the private sector, which they will find And, then they will be in a different operating system.


So you heard him Bill say in response to Jason who said two, three, 4% and Elon said, oh, it's gonna be more than that. So how high do you think we could go on shaving the bureaucracy? I think there's a massive amount of waste and I think you're gonna see fairly dramatic change. And I think it'd be incredibly uplifting for the people who stay And, I think it'll be uplifting for the people who have the opportunity to do something new. You know, as he said, he, I think they're gonna be quite generous with severance, making sure that people can transition to the private sector. So I think it's gonna be good for everyone. Yeah. What do you make of that? Because the last thing Trump wants a hundred days into his administration is massive layoffs that run up the unemployment rate and make 'em look bad.


So he's not gonna want that narrative in the press, even though he will want these efficiencies. So how would you recommend they handle the offloading of these federal employees? Sure. So what's interesting is you don't want to give people a disincentive to find a job, right? If you just hand everyone two year severance, some people may say, okay, I'll take the next You know 20 months to just have fun. I'll go look for a job. And then it becomes hard to get a job at the end of that. So I think the right approach is to give enough severance so people are absolutely covered between this job and the next one, and then basically pay it to them over time. But when they find a job, pay them the balance of the severance. Let's say they give it a year of severance. Someone finds a job a month after leaving government, well then they get 11 months of salary as a bonus.


People are incentivized to find their next job. And I think you have job training And, then I. Of course there are a lot of people in government where you could probably You know just instead of severance, you allow them to begin the retirement process early and government employees are very well taken care of in terms of pension. I like that, that that makes sense. And is less scary for those worried that it might be their next on the chopping block. But we all know there, there are too many employees that they, we have 20 people to do the job of one and they're, they're counting on no one paying attention to how inefficient the government is. This, it's baked into the system that no one's going to be looking at just how much red tape they there is and how many people we have enforcing it and how useless it is.


And and worse than useless, it's pernicious. It's, it stops development. It, it stops business. One more Elon clip And, then I wanna talk about a post you you made on X today. He explained with SpaceX how impossible the regulatory system makes it. And really kind of said at this rate, we're never gonna colonize Mars, which is one of his life goals. We're never gonna get there because when it comes to building rockets and so on, it's just absolutely prohibitive what they make innovators go through. Here was his example, saw 27, The next flight Starship is ready to fly. We are waiting for regulatory approval.


You know. Yeah, it, it, it, it really should not be possible to build a giant rocket faster than the paper can move from one desk to another. I mean, it, it's perfectly well said. And he talked just about other problems. He had like one of the rockets dumped water, I think it was potable water You know it was drinkable water on the desert as a a release valve. And he got fined like $35,000 for that and went to them and said, what are you, what are you doing? You know, I'm we're, I'm trying to innovate.


I'm working with the government. I've been You know used by NASA to resupply the space station, get off of my back. And they, they won't. It's just, those are all great examples of a why we need reform and b what drove him here. So what do you make of it? Look, I think actually just getting back to what you talked about before, the context for the efficiency creation of government is one in which I think there's gonna be a huge boon in the economy. I think You know what's interesting is I'm hearing from You know friends who control a lot of assets, invest in lots of operating companies, that the management teams of their businesses are extremely optimistic. Even those that have voted against Trump are excited about what's gonna happen with the economy. So I think we're gonna have a big economic boom and actually freeing up a meaningful number of government employees for, to make them available to the private sector will actually help manage the potential for inflation.


So I'm You know the cost cutting is one thing, but making the government more efficient on regulatory approvals. You know you think about how difficult it is in America to build a bridge, a highway a house and You know the faster if you can accelerate construction, obviously that has a huge impact on infrastructure, the fluidity of the economy, driving demand. And actually I think freeing up government workers to step into some of these roles that will be created will actually help the economy manage through this period. It could really change their lives too for the better be so exciting to work for one of these innovative companies hiring new blood. These people have been stuck in these concrete jungles in the circles of DC and maybe, maybe it's a You know a new leaf for them too.


You wrote in that expost to which I referred and you mentioned that merger and acquisition act activity is about to explode. Do you think so? Yes. So the Biden administration has been, and Lena Khan who led, who's led the FTC very anti sort of merger. And the result of that is You know many of the startups in our country don't get to a scale where they can go public. They have to be basically sold. And if You know you don't allow the Facebooks and the Googles and the other You know companies to make acquisitions. These businesses eventually either run out of capital or run out of opportunity. And You know there are a lot of big companies where meaningful synergies can be created when you one business buys another.


But if you can't do a deal, you have to sort of put it on hold and sort of the antitrust environment in the last four years was one in which you wouldn't even try to do a transaction. I think that's gonna change. And so there's sort of a, a, a long list of transactions that are waiting to happen in the event there's a change in administration. And now that You know post of ever fifth, you'll see very aggressive announcements and, and the benefit of a merger beyond just the synergies is that often it's an opportunity for the people who invested in the first company, the company being acquired to take their capital and redeploy it in something else. It's gonna free a lot of capital in the economy that's gonna put money into the You know in the system that's gonna fuel growth. You know. So there, there it's, it's gonna be a pretty exciting time for the country for sure.


What are, what are you hearing about non-US companies looking at America right now? I think they're frightened. I guess I would say they're frightened to the extent they don't have a presence in the United States. I mean the US is gonna be the best economy. We really are one of the best economies in the world right now. Certainly the best large economy in the world. You know China is in a lot of trouble. This whole European continent is really You know kind of struggling. So we're kind of the best You know economy and it's, that's gonna change in a even more positive way. And Trump, as we know, is very America first. And if you don't have a presence here, you're at risk of tariffs being put on your goods. So we're hearing foreign companies that don't have a presence here looking for an ability to immediately have a presence so that they're not locked out of the US economy.


And that, of course is also gonna bring jobs here and drive growth. Hmm. We, we saw an announcement right after Trump won that certain companies, Steve Madden was one, but he wasn't the only one had already decided that they would not build a plant in China as they'd been considering doing. Now that particular company didn't say I'll build it in the United States. He went to another country, but it wasn't one of our enemies. It wasn't somebody who's actively working against us like the Chinese are. So that was a a a bit of good news too. I wonder how many more US companies like that, or even foreign companies like that will, maybe they won't move to the, to the states to build their companies, but they'll avoid enriching one of our enemies.


And that too is a, is a plus for us. Yeah, look, I'm very, very bullish on the Trump administration as I think is the entire business community and business is sort of a confidence game and people lose confidence. They don't hire people, they don't make investments. They decide not to build the next factory, build the next building. All of that is the opposite is happening. People are actually hiring people in anticipation of growth. They're making, they're increasing their You know estimates of what the You know revenues will be in the next 12 months. And that has a very powerful self-fulfilling effect. So You know you're seeing interesting things obviously on the economy. You're also seeing our enemies You know Ron I just read this morning, is tabled their response to Israel and is talking about You know a negotiation with the us.


I mean, it just shows the importance of having strength in the White House. What, what do you make of, have you given any thought to Trump's tariff proposals? Because those have been controversial with some in the business community and some people got burned by, I mean I I remember some agriculture workers saying that the tariffs he had in place first time around really hurt them. Some farmers. So, but You know this is crux a a a critical piece of his plan. So what do you make of his proposed tariffs? Sure. I think Trump used tariffs, And I think you have to think about the context, right? The context was World War ii, the rest of the world was decimated and Marshall Plan, we helped rebuild Europe.


You know Japan had to recover from You know the destruction of the war. And all of these governments put in place tariffs to kind of protect their home markets. And that allowed You know their economies to recover. That allowed Japan to develop an auto industry. And now what's interesting is those tariffs stayed in place even when Japan became You know, one of the most successful You know, built one of the most successful auto industries in the world. And Europe, You know, if you think about BMW Mercedes and all the various very successful auto companies in Europe, they've had the benefit of tariffs versus the US And that goes for everything from You know food and wine and and so on and so forth. And, I, think You know United States has been a very open market to the rest of the world. And, I think Trump's view is, look, if they're gonna use tariffs, we should too.


And let's use tariffs as a way to You know, make the world You know get rid of tariffs that are out there. So I think it's a very important negotiating tool and You know, I think, I think you'll be very effective in using it. Now there's risk associated with tariffs, right? If the response to more tariffs from the US is that our You know the foreign government decide to put even more tariffs on their own home markets, you can get into sort of a downward spiral, which is very negative for the economy. But I think he's pretty smart and sophisticated. I think he'll have a very capable team working with him. So I'm gonna give him the benefit of doubt and You know his goal. Of course. Look, I think President Trump's goal fundamentally is to be one of the great, it's to be the greatest president of all time, right?


That has to be his ambition. And You know, obviously the economy is You know, if not the most important You know certainly one or two. And I would say it's probably the most important issue and it's something he knows a lot about and he's gonna build a very capable team and I'm just confident it's gonna execute well. Well, I know you have been a registered Democrat for most, if not all of your adult life, and when you said, but I'm voting for Donald Trump this time. One of the things you pointed out was if you wanted to destroy this country, one of the things you would do is open the borders. You would just let this influx of migrants come into the country, come into the cities. And while we talk a lot about illegal immigration on this show and elsewhere, I, it's different when you actually go, you zoom into a community.


Springfield, Ohio was one during this election cycle, but there are many others. And see how that influx is actually changing the way people live without their consent or approval. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's a problem. You know, we have a very small version of that in New York City where I live, but it's You know, 200,000 people in the city of 11 million Springfield I think was 20,000 people in the city of 40,000. So obviously, but even in New York, it's had a very significant impact. Did you see what Mayor Adams said today or yesterday? I think it was where he said he's not ruling out working with the Trump administration to try to deal with this problem. New York is overwhelmed, there are way too many illegal immigrants and we already have our problems.


It's not like New York was running super efficiently prior to all these buses and flights bringing all these illegal aliens up here. Look, the the interesting thing is that this is You know, arguably, I I certainly believe it to be the best place, best country in the world. And the You know, you see how many millions of people wanna come here. And when you have the opportunity of millions of people coming to your country and you actually immigration's important for growth, for You know, bringing in talent and so on and so forth, you want to have policies that let in the people you want to let in. And in fact, the way our policies work today, You know my wife runs a really interesting company and she has a You know, very talented collection of You know MIT PhDs that she used to You know teach when she was a professor.


Now she's hired many of them, but many of them are from Germany, other places around the world. And just the challenges and trying to get these incredibly well educated, educated in America brilliant minds. You know obviously no criminal records. You know they're gonna help advance our society. It's hard to You know can take a year or two if not more, to bring them into the country if you, if you can do so. Meanwhile, we've allowed sort of unvetted people walk across the border and then we provide subsidies when they get here. So it's, it's the reverse of a sensible immigration policy. We should take advantage of the fact that this is an incredibly desirable country and we should pick and choose the right people and we should vet them carefully. And we, we need to, I mean, You know, one of the things I'm hoping from, from DOGE, if you will, if You know, if you went to MIT, you don't have a criminal record and you've got a job at You know an interesting company in the United States, or you want to build a business here, it should be You know 30 day process to vet you, right?


It shouldn't be a year or two years. We should make it really, really easy for the best and brightest to come to America. And we should make it it difficult for criminals to cross the border, if not You know to make it impossible. Common sense, Toman is our man, Tom Homan and Steve Miller are going to get that done, I guess under the leadership of Christie Noam. I will tell the audience the truth. I'm not her biggest fan. I've had her on the show, found her absolutely delightful. And then a couple of things hit that really changed my opinion on her. But I will say this, I don't care about my personal feelings toward Kristi Nome and my own opinion of what kind of a person she is. She's now going to be given one of the most important jobs in the country and therefore we have to support her and root for her because DHS is big.


I mean, it is big. That's a huge, huge responsibility. And You know, you look at a, anything would be an improvement over Mayorkas, And I think she is loyal to Trump, she'll work with Trump, she won't push back on his agenda, she's not gonna have her own set of priorities. She's going to enact his, and he has made very clear what he wants to happen when it comes to immigration. Let me ask you this Bill, as you mentioned, like your wife's connections with people who went to MIT and or Ger in Germany or Germany, what have you. You look around the world, you look at Germany, you look at France, the uk and you see the influx, the just the absolute influx of migrants from the Arab world.


And you see their cultures radically changing. Many of these men in particular, but families in some cases won't assimilate and have zero desire to. And we've had people like I on Hersi Ali write You know books and papers and speaking out about this for a long time, saying, con, continue this way at your own peril because you really don't have your country the way you thought you did. And, and that became very clear after ten seven in all of these countries, including our own. So how does that resonate with you as a Jewish man who's been very outspoken on the blowback, the, the blaming of Jews in the wake of the ten seven attack and the You know the outpouring of support for not just the Palestinians, but for Hamas, even in our own country.


Yeah, look, it's been a, a kind of a wake up call I think for the entire country. You know Jews are 0.2% of the global population. And when a a country You know sort of attacks Jews, it's usually a very bad warning sign. And, it went very quickly from sort of anti-Israel to antisemitism and then it became anti-Americanism You know on college campuses, they were You know, putting up You know, holding Hamas flags and burning American flags. And so You know, obviously very disconcerting about You know some of the youth in our country, You know with respect to Muslim immigration in Europe. I mean, I think You know you look at what's going on in Amsterdam with continuing to happen since a You know, a soccer game between an Israeli team and a and a local team and You know people being beaten up on the streets and the police really doing nothing.


And I think You know on the anniversary or within a day of the anniversary of Crystal Knock, which was a You know what I would say the beginnings of the Nazi destruction of the Jews and during World War ii. So You know, these are obviously disconcerting things for You know someone who comes of Jewish origin, but I would say very disconcerting for someone who's an American because You know it starts with the Jews and then unfortunately it expands to, to other groups And. it really is representative of a group of people in the country that don't love our country. And and that's not, you don't want to import into your country, people who hate your country.


That is the beginning of the end. And I. Think Aon and Douglas Murray, I don't know if you if You know if you follow Him. Yes. Love Douglas. Yes. He's amazing. Mind alive, Absolutely had the opportunity to have dinner with him a couple nights ago. And You know, seven years ago we wrote a book about the death of Europe basically. And this was his, his warning. So I think immigration policies globally are gonna be rethought. You look what's happened to Sweden in terms of crime rates and the crimes and unfortunately the rapes and so on are, They're still in denial. Can I tell you something, bill? Very high percentage. We went the on two family vacations over the past year. One, it was to the Netherlands and we went to Sweden. They're still in denial.


I mean, we asked everybody about what, what consequence there's been to the influx of immigrants. No, it's fine. We love immigrants, we love iation You know that's the kind of country. I'm like, okay, we'll see how that goes for you. And then a year earlier than that, we went to Amsterdam and it's just crazy to see the, the, what you just referred to this attack on Israelis there to support a soccer team when, when we were there, which was two years ago, it was November two years ago. They were, they still like actively talked about the shame they had in in what happened leading up to the Holocaust and then not protecting Jews better. And they had a Holocaust memorial that they, they really were very proud of because they wanted to show You know sort of a tone.


It's of course where Anne Frank hit out and was ultimately found, there's a long history in that particular region when it comes to the mistreatment of Jews and they seemed to actively feel burdened by it. And then you see this and the response has been really just pretty feckless, And, I wonder. Why do you think that is? Do you think that's a, a migrant problem? What, what, what is happening? You know, I think you look at my wake up call of course was actually not October 7th, but October 8th. On October 8th, 34th Harvard student organizations put out a letter basically saying, and the morning after and during a period where there were still terrorists on Israeli soil, basically saying Israel was solely responsible for the acts of Hamas and to take the side of terrorists after one of the most vile, certainly the most vile terrorist activity in probably in our lifetime, You know sends a very bad message about what students are learning on campus.


And that really led me to kind of a deep dive of You know what is the origin of this sort of point of view. And when I spent time at the Harvard campus talking to faculty, they said, look, bill, this comes from really this DEI ideology. And I'm like, what DEI has to do with You know Israel? And they explained to me this whole You know, the, the kids are basically taught this framework where You know you have to think about the world. There are two kinds of people. There are oppressors and these are basically the successful people and then they're very oppressed. And those are people that the successful people became successful by oppressing. And in fact, people interpret American history this way. And, and in some places American history is taught this way and You know, it just shows the importance of You know what, making sure your kids are learning, learning the facts and not being taught an ideology that ultimately is very, very harmful.


But You know when you believe that kind of ideology. You take the side always of You know, quote unquote people take the side against successful people. Sort of an antier democratic You know ideology in America is this You know built on a meritocracy. So it's really an anti-American idea. I it's been fascinating to be where I am watching you sort of come out on these issues and come to grapple with the DEI program. I mean, I think you would admit conservatives were onto this a long time prior and many of us have been railing about it. I was super, Yeah, super late to the party.


My first kind of insight, You know Vivek, who was a friend of mine, gave me a draft of his book Woke Inc. And And I read ITB And. it really resonated with me. I actually gave him a blurb for the back cover and people were kind of surprised. Bill, you gave a blurb to the back of Woke Inc. But it really wasn't until the events on campus after October 7th that I realized the degree of harm that can come from what is actually fundamentally like this neo maric Marx ideology. And it's interesting how You know successful countries You know. Ultimately You know. If you look at what's going on in universities, universities are very, become very left wing in America You know the Harvard campus, 2% of the faculty were you an anonymous survey admitted that they were conservative and they had to do an anonymous survey because they couldn't admit it in a, in a public forum.


98% were left or far left. And if that's the backdrop, You know, You know, and you're teaching You know young minds, you're gonna install a certain ideology in their point of view, And, it requires a very strong young person to, to, to learn in that environment and have different, different views. I do feel hopeful. I I wanna talk more about the universities. I do feel hopeful though. I mean, I've been seeing so many videos online of young people, college age people, male and female with the MAGA hats on dancing, celebrating Mag is cool. Being a Republican right now is cool in a way it hasn't been for a very long time.


And I do wonder and and also being subversive is fun. You know the, the more crap you get for putting on the red hat, the more attractive it can be, especially to young people. And so I really do wonder whether that filters into the Ivy League. It, it's a certain kind of person that gets into the Ivy League. They are diligent, they're very hardworking, they're usually very, very bright though not in all cases. And they're used to following rules and seeking approval. I don't know that the subversive type gets attracted to the Ivy League, but it will be interesting to see if they more and more do go to these institutions and enjoy stirring the pot a bit.


What do you think? I think if you've listened to President Trump speak about his plans for higher education, and I think u universities are going to have to broaden perspectives on campus. You're already seeing this at places like You know Harvard, Yale, Princeton, where the alumni base is withholding donations because they're concerned about the ideologies that have developed on campus. So there's some combination of financial pressure, alumni pressure, You know litigation as You know, they have not provided a safe environment for their student bodies. They've allowed sort of anti-Semitism to emerge. You know Elise Nik, who's now gonna be at the UN, has really been a, a very powerful advocate for, she's kind of fixing Yeah, she's amazing.


Fixing the problems on campus. So I think we bottomed, I would say sometime around October 7th, October 8th. And I think the country's made a huge recovery. I think You know for Trump to get not just You know a windfall in You, know the states, but also You know for Republican control of the Senate Public Control Congress, as well as a mandate in terms of a majority of the American people voting 'em into office. I I think You know we haven't seen something like this for You know many decades. And I think that I would say the left has been very quiet with the last You know eight, eight days or so, which I think is sort of interesting.


And And I think hopefully it's a wake up call for everyone. And then of course markets have done very well and markets uplift You know many people, whether you're a pensioner or whether you're a You know, an active person on Wall Street, And, I think that lifts the mood, certainly because the a stronger market, stronger economy will help everyone. The Trump plan for universities, he's been laying them out over time. This one, this clip is from November, 2023. He hasn't said anything different than this, so I think this is still what he plans, but this is what he said about it in part, take a listen. In South 13 Americans have been horrified to see students and faculty at Harvard and other once respected universities expressing support for the Savages and Jihadists who attacked Israel.


We spend more money on higher education than any other country, and yet they're turning our students into communists and terrorists and sympathizers of under the plan I'm announcing today, we will take the billions and billions of dollars that we will collect by taxing, fining and suing excessively large private university endowments. And we will then use that money to endow a new institution called the American Academy. Its mission will be to make a truly world class education available to every American free of charge and do it without adding a single dime to the federal debt. It will be strictly nonpolitical and there will be no wokeness or jihadism allowed.


What do you make of that to tax the private endowments that's getting more and more steam? Yeah, look, I think it, if you think about it, I'll use my Harvard example. Harvard gets huge subsidies from taxpayers. You know one is the tax exemption, which of course is enormously valuable to Harvard. It's enabled them to generate billions of dollars. So effectively, when you think about a tax exemption, it means the entire country is paying for the education that's taking place on the Harvard campus. And that sort of nonprofit status, I think confers certain responsibilities, right? If the entire country is supporting a university, the university only represents one political ideology that doesn't make sense.


You would, you would argue if you wanna be a private university and adopt a particular ideology, then fine be private. And private means no funding from taxpayers. So I think there's a real logic to it. The other thing he said in there was that these universities are turning our students into communists. And you actually have some experience with that too, on a personal level as far as I read with your own daughter. Can we, can you talk about that? Because I've told this audience before, I am not a billionaire, but I do know a lot of them and a lot of them have told me the story of their kids going off to college and they typically go to these great schools, You know quote. Great. And they come home within a year or a semester loathing the parents, loathing the parents' wealth while they're riding on the private jet ripping on the dad for, for earning it.


You know, just they they get turned loving children get turned against the country and their parents by these So-called great universities. Yeah, look, I think there's some truth to that. I mean, fortunately I've got a wonderful relationship with my girls. I've got four of them. But my, my oldest was a social studies major at Harvard and the social studies department really has become the Marxist department at the school. And she studied Marx and Adorno and a and a bunch of other sort of philosophers and You know we over Thanksgiving, we You know we'd be talking about, I I'd talk about something if you will, capitalistic. And she'd have an incredibly negative reaction.


There was a period there where she would You know, leave the table incredibly upset at her father for being You know, sort of questioning some of the ideology she had learned on campus. Now, I would say the good news is that's worn off a bit as she's had to operate in the rural world. And so, but I do think it, I didn't understand it again until postoc October 7th, And I had a better understanding of what's being taught in school. So it's not a, I thought it was, I didn't really believe it to be true until you I saw the outcome. Do you, are you surprised that we haven't had, and forgive me because I've seen different stats on this.


I've been checking since a week ago to see how the Jewish vote went. And people I trust have said, oh, Jews went more for Trump. But then when I look at the actual data, the the data doesn't support that. What I've seen that they, they did not go more for Trump. At least we, he's always had the more Orthodox Jewish community behind him. They're more conservative. But the more liberal Jews do not seem to have migrated over to Trump in any significant fashion. Of course, according to what I last looked up on the data, why not You know? What's interesting is And I, I think of particular examples of people that I know that You know they watch M-S-N-B-C, they read the New York Times, they live in a very sort of, they're in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


Their friends You know, read the same newspapers and read, follow the same media, and they, they become really indoctrinated. And actually what's interesting is many, many of these people are, I would say Jewish by You know their mother was Jewish, but their, their new religion is sort of progressive politics. And You know, it's interesting in America what's happened is I think people like to belong to something and people today belonging to a political party can have more You know instead of going to a temple or, or or church You know once a week they go listen to You know their favorite You know media to speak about You know what they should believe.


And when you You know it's, it's, it's like being part of a cult And I. It's really remarkable. So I do think there's some subset of people, that's why they're so shocked by the election outcome. And I think You know mainstream media has is, is suffering. And you've seen, I saw some interesting statistics on CNN viewership down 40% since the election Fox up 60% since the election, something like this. But actually the general trends are, are x is taking more and more share and podcasts are taking more and more share. 'cause I think the public You know one of the big wake up calls for me, I, I for years believed that Trump had said that You know the good people on both sides included the Nazis and You know quote white nationalists.


And when you actually watched the entire clip of what he actually said, he said explicitly the opposite. And that was a major wake up call where I, I held a belief for years on the basis of something I saw on You know, probably CNN and You know, I I've been sort of more, I've You know X has become my principle source of, of media and, and I'm it's citizen journalism, it's podcasts and then it's actually watching You know the entire video clip as opposed to something that's excerpted in a way to cause you to come to a certain conclusion. I mean the most perhaps dramatic example of that during the election was the, the 60 Minutes interview of Kamala and that's still You know the transcript is still not seeing the light of day, but 60 Minutes basically destroyed their credibility to help advance a political candidate.


And that You know, I think the people now realize what's what's happened. I think this election is a great example of that. It's, I don't know what made the difference between you and everyone else because that's exactly right. And of course people on You know more my side of the aisle. I'm in a, I'm a registered independent, but I I voted Republican, And I supported Trump have been seeing this for a long time, right? And, and we're immersed. I I of course spent 13 years at Fox and this is kind of what we do over at Fox and in conservative media, we keep an eye on the other side and we try to remind people not to trust them for very good reason. But so I look at you Bill And I think, how did you get out? It was ten seven I guess because so many people don't get out of that brainwashing that they, that they give to you, not just at ms but at CNN as well as You know and walk away believing the, the very fine people.


And I'll, I'll give you one example on that. When I went to NBC, my very short stint there, Trump said that comment while I was over there, And I was giving an interview, You know as as myself to, I think it was u s a today, I'm trying to remember the publication to promote my show. And the reporter asked me about that. Like how could he say verifying people on both sides. And I said, that's not what he said. He, he made clear he wasn't talking. And the N-B-C-P-R person jumped right in and said, he said it that we, there's, we don't really wanna get into that And I remember looking at her like, what, what do you do? First of all, I don't need your protection, but is it that important to you that that narrative get forwarded You know, get advanced?


And the the answer is yes. So do you think it all came down to ten seven for you that like, that you got out of the brainwashing? Actually, I, I give, so I big believer in free speech actually invested with Elon in Twitter when he took it. Private You know he put up whatever, 30 billion, I put up 10 million. So it was more of a symbolic You know support. Good call though for free speech. And I, I think by the way, it's gonna end up being good investment. A lot of people have knocked Elon for throwing away You know 20 billion or whatever the number is. But You know Mike, I wasn't really focused on making a profit. I want it to be just sort of symbolically You know, supportive of free speech, And I think, I think what's happened, I think this is sort of a You know the dec. In order for mainstream media to survive, they're gonna have to move to providing the tr You know the truth to the, to their audience.


I I really believe that. Interesting. This morning the owner of the LA Times announced he was basically firing the entire editorial board to bring in a more diverse editorial board. He said, look, the American people have spoken in the election, they wanna You know, hear more, they want broader sort of viewpoints. And the beauty of X is that you can, I try to follow people You know on climate. I follow people who are quote unquote climate deniers, And I follow people who are You know, believed, quote unquote in climate change. And You know on every You know sort of issue, whether it's vaccines, You know all the controversial issues of the day. You, you can find very thoughtful people expressing their arguments on, on both sides of an issue.


And I You know, I think the algorithm has some trouble with me because I can't quite figure out who I am. But I do think how you get to the truth, you listen to the most thoughtful, intelligent people who make their case on one side of an issue and, and, and the people on the other side and then You know I think so I've been using x as a, as a vehicle to get to the truth. And actually it's quite helpful in my business. I I've had some insights on everything from You know, I I was aware of the impact of Covid would have on markets before You know weeks before the rest of the world. And when You know more than the rest of the world a few weeks in advance, you can do very, very well. And the same thing was true on the Feds move on interest rates.


So it's actually You know I still read the Wall Street Journal, the Ft Skim, the Times Economist and other You know sort of publications. But I've really broadened my sources of media. And I try to find empirical sources and You know I was on Lex Friedman, I don't know, I'm sure you probably know Lex. Yeah, And I thought You know Trump should do a long form podcast. And I was very happy to see him do Lex and of course Joe Rogan. And that of course I think played a very significant role. 'cause people have been hearing all this stuff about Trump as translated and excerpted through the media And. then they got to see him unscripted for three hours and they got a better sense of who he was as a person.


That's exactly right. I completely agree with everything you said on Ex Elon's changed the world with that. I mean he is truly, he's opened up conversation in a way it wasn't available to any of us in that larger forum prior to him owning it. I mean, and you need look no further than the gender stuff. You, you were not allowed to say that a man cannot become a woman on any of these platforms until Elon bought Twitter. And obviously that issue is personal to Elon And I don't know. I guess I just, I believe in divine right order. And I just kind of think maybe that happened to Elon so that 'cause he too was I think a Democrat and was voting You know Obama and so on. Then this happened to his son who was convinced that he was a girl.


Elon says that he was duped signing the papers that would allow for transition surgery at 16 and before you knew it truly he was changing the world in profound ways in a different lane. He's already been changing it, but in the free speech lane and on this particular issue, allowing conversations we, we couldn't have had before. Bill, hold that thought. Hold hold your response until I take a quick break and we'll come back. Bill Ackman with us for the full show today and we will get into Trump's latest cabinet picks including Pete, he don't go away.


Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending, and who's paying the price? Now you are. You might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back. You might barely be able to keep food on the table. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy or loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head with creditors getting balances, reduced interest rates, slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and to put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even consider making another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Trust in media is at an all time low and for very good reason, stories can be shaped or even buried depending on who is in charge. This is why Ground News exists. A platform prioritizing transparency, allowing users to see the full picture without filters. Ground news is an app and a website that aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. It also reveals stories under reported by one side of the political spectrum. For example, Ben Shapiro re recently accused the New York Times of trying to silence conservatives on YouTube and left-Leaning Media shockingly, barely covered this ground. News shows that over 75% of the coverage came from right-leaning sources. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories like this revealing how media narratives shape the conversation. This year, they're offering a 50% discount on their vantage plan, giving unlimited access to their website and app. Check 'em out@groundnews.com slash Megan. That's ground news, GROU news.com/megyn to take control of the news that you consume.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free. Offer details apply.


Bill, what do you think? Do you, do you think these media companies that we discussed are in a downward spiral right now, will take a cue from Elon and X and start allowing more discussion on these hot button issues? Well, Actually I, I give CNN some credit. Scott Jennings, I think has been really outstanding in terms of presenting an alternative voice. And so I think he's sort of helpful, but You know. I, I think what's unfortunate about media companies, I think that pe the privilege of owning a media company for some people appears to be, this is a vehicle that I can use to advance my political point of view. It's really not about You know, bringing truth to the people. It's about how do I manipulate the audience to coming to a conclusion about what I believe?


And I do think You know, the, the X platform is about You know, just open free speech. Let people You know, share their views and let the truth kind of emerge. I think that You know in a world, I think fundamentally people are looking for truth. I mean, perhaps some subset of people wanna just be reinforced with whatever they already believe. But when you You know, have an election outcome like this one where you have, I would say 45% of the country in complete shock about what took place, they have to be questioning their sources of truth and sources of information. And so you're You know economics, You know, very powerful force. And as the audience leaves mainstream media, they're gonna have to adapt.


And so I think that's really the, the opportunity You know if no one's watching M-S-N-B-C, they're gonna have to change. Yes, few and few pe, fewer and fewer people are watching SNBC and even fewer than that are watching CNN, which is why there's a report out in Puck News that they will be having mass layoffs at CNN. I'm not surprised. The numbers are rock bottom. I mean, they're not even a remote competitor to Fox anymore, or to Ms. Chris Wallace just announced he's leaving CNN obviously they did not renew his eight and a half million dollar deal. His show got relegated to like another channel and then didn't do well. They can't, they can't support those salaries anymore.


Not with, not with their ratings, not, not nearly with their ratings. I know I will say this, having been through many presidential cycles at Fox News, I mean I remember the, the doldrums of when Romney lost in 2012 and our ratings were in the tank compared to where they normally were. I mean, the, the audience left. They did not wanna see anything about the startup, Barack Obama's second term. So the audience, whatever was there before will likely come back. But the CNN's problem is, it was crappy to begin with. It's not gonna get any better, even if they recover from this valley. There's the, the Promised land is no longer in sight. And for M-S-N-B-C bill, I dunno if you saw this story, it's absolutely incredible.


We've been talking about some of these crazy donations. The, the Harris campaign made to get these endorsements. You know that reportedly paid $5 million to Megan Thee stallion. Somehow Oprah's production company got a million dollars to build that set. I, I mean, I'm in tv. It doesn't cost a million dollars to build even the fanciest set. It just doesn't, a a hundred thousand dollars to the sex podcaster to make her hotel room look, no, that doesn't cost a hundred thousand. It doesn't, at most, that would cost maybe 20 grand. I don't, I don't know where all this money went or why they spent so willingly and irresponsibly, but there's a report out today that Al Sharp, Oh, thank God, thank God she stopped running the country because imagine what she would do with the federal budget.


no Kidding. It's the opposite of what Elon's about to do with Vive. Hold on a second. Al Sharpton, who not only runs the National Action Network, that's his nonprofit organization, which is very sketchy to begin with. He hosts a show on M-S-N-B-C And. it just came out today for Via the Free Beacon, which is a great group. Chuck Ross there that her campaign donated, donated 500,000 to his nonprofit weeks before Harris went to sit with him for an interview on M-S-N-B-C.


I am dying. I'm dying from the conflict of interest, I'm dead. It happened. I bill, this is like the bias is coming out of the ears. Thi this is so irresponsible, unethical, and not allowed. It's, it's so egregious. MS NBC is going to have to respond. You cannot make a donation to an Anchors charity on the side of $500,000 as a presidential candidate. Then go sit with the anchor. And he didn't disclose it. He didn't disclose. This is not a news organization, but they continue to masquerade as one. Yeah, it's terrible. And actually we've had our own experience with Al Sharpton.


I don't know if You know this, but after I sort of, oh, he Protest protested you. Well, like the protests happen every Thursday, 12 to two. And when I actually read on X that he was gonna be protesting me, I reached out to him. I said, look, You know, happy to sit down, happy to explain, happy to explain my thinking on DEI. And he, he's been unwilling to meet with me and You know the off ramp, of course, with sadly with, or maybe sadly it's the wrong word with Al Sharpton is You know if you make the right donation to the right place You know the protestors go away. But this is not something that we do here. So 12 to two and the protestors have no idea who I am.


I actually actually walked through the protest to come into the office. You know they're paid You know, look, at least people are getting paid something, which I feel good about. You know, maybe they get $25 an hour to protest us for a couple of hours. But it's so silly You know, Is this because you supported the firing of Claudine Gay, a black woman who ran Harvard? This is what got you in trouble with him. I don't, I know it's specific Claudine itself, but I, I wrote a 5,000 word piece on DEI that You know got went viral, You know 40 million views or something. And ultimately I was a catalyst and an important catalyst for her stepping down from Harvard. So yeah, you are You know combination of those two things. I think I he, he, he doesn't like me for that or he saw this as an opportunity.


Yes, And I. Again, I'm happy to discuss and I'm happy to hear his point of view and if he disagrees with something, I'm happy to explain where I'm coming from. But he's been unwilling to take a meeting, which I find You know, I I Usually people protest so you can engage. There's no engagement. Yeah, I don't recommend it. I've talked to Al Sharpton, it's not worth your time. He plus I think he's going to be fired soon. He's got, they gotta fire Joy Reid now and they gotta fire Al Sharpton because honestly, this is one of the more egregious breaches of journalistic ethics I've ever seen. There is they didn't respond to Chuck Ross of the Free Beacon when he called. There is no way they can get away with not responding on this. I mean, I'm gonna have in fact team please call them every day. Let's call them every day and demand a response. I think if they, they can't get away with this.


This is an absolute black eye for the entire profession that's already made a fool out of itself. But this is just, this is beyond Yeah, that was crazy because I remember he was very mad at you for how, for supporting the firing of Claudine Gay. Meanwhile, you also supported the firing of the MIT and the Stan. Although the, the white women who were running those other organiz, it had nothing to do with color. But he's a race hustler. So he saw an opportunity to get his so-called Charity in the news and himself in the news. And I. Guess those 12 people? I they need, they need work from 12 to two. Can you hire them, bill? Maybe we can offload them onto the new Elon program. I'm sure they're good people, but I don't know that they know why they're there.


Actually, I actually chatted with one of them one day. I I got dropped off at the office. I forgot it was between 12 and two. And I was chatting with one of the people there. And I said, look, anytime Hal Sharpton wants to sit down, I'm You know available to speak. But actually what you make I think is a really important one. I think that campaigns have to disclose if they're paying You know Oprah or You know a Hollywood star, ORM You know a music You know an artist You know For At the time. At The time, yeah. So they can't do it after the election. It's, it's absurd. Right, Right. They, she bought the endorsements of all these stars. That's clearly how it looks. If we're wrong, tell us we're wrong. How are we wrong? Because why, why does Megan thee stallion get $5 million?


obviously they paid her. In no world does it cost $5 million to show up, And it, couple of stages to run up and down on. These weren't, it was not advanced production. So this is kind of crazy. And and for what? Right. For what? What did she get? This is why Lindy Lee, she's the, on the DNC finance committee. She spoke with my friend over at News Nation, rich McCue, who I met while at NBC. He, he's a great producer now. He's doing some more on air work. He was Ron Farrell's producer during all the whole Me Too stuff. He quit NBC and discussed when they spiked the Harvey Weinstein story that they had. He had no job. This guy, rich Chu's, a hero. He has four daughters.


And he said, you people are so gross. You're gonna pretend we didn't have a story when we did. I'm outta here and I'm just thrilled to see Rich at News Nation now with a job. So he's doing more on air work and he sat down with this woman, Lindy Lee of the DNC finance committee and listened to her. She's not happy about the spending either. It's absolutely in turmoil. People are stepping down. Yeah. And they're gonna be elections. What about the current hierarchy leadership at dnc? I mean, almost everyone's gonna be gone. This they're just gonna be gone. Gone. Yeah, they're gonna be gone. To be clear, I thought it was just obvious that it was A disaster. Yeah, I just thought it was obvious. I didn't realize it would be a shock to everyone.


This wasn't, this wasn't a loss. This was a shellacking. This is not some like blip. This is an avalanche. And if we don't wake up and realize this is not because we weren't left enough. If we don't correctly diagnose the problem, we're never gonna change. We're gonna keep losing. And some people are just saying, oh, America's misogynistic and sexist You know, obviously there's some of that, but we can't just blame the entire country and label them as You know racist. That's not gonna get us anywhere. But the way that the campaign was run, run in the way that the finances were handled were just, it, they, it left much to be desired. Top donors have not gotten any sort of briefing or an apology or any sort of explanation as to where our money went.


No. There are names like You know random staffers who are being paid mountains of money. I mean, they obviously didn't deliver but 1 million. Does Oprah really need a million? That reminds me of when Tom Brady got millions from the PVP program. I mean, come on. And also building a call. Her daddy set for 100,000. What in the world? I mean, come on. Wow. I was really stunned to hear that. So Bill, as somebody who's been a donor to campaigns in the past, what, what would you do if you were a Democrat donor in this round and you found out you donated You know millions of dollars. Is there anything to be done? Well, fortunately, I I, I really have not been a major funder of You know elections, politics, et cetera.


I have generally historically supported more Democrats than than Republicans. But You know the DNC is a total disaster. I've been very, very public about that. You know beginning over a year ago. But if you think about You know, lying to the American people about the cognitive health of the President, making it impossible for RFK to get on a ballot or making it incredibly expensive for him to do so, changing the rules on debates so that people can participate. You know, threatening You know Dean Phillips was a guy I met early on, I thought was a very capable potential candidate for, for president. And he tried to hire political consultants, You know, sort of democratic political consultants. And the DNC threatened the consultants that if they worked for him, they would never get another job working in politics again.


And he had to hire people and they would use a pseudonym in term when they worked for him for fear that You know if he was not successful. And the You know the, the very low, low probability, very high probability event, he would not make it, it wouldn't be done for in the political sphere. So it's a, it's opera. It operated like the mafia. And in a incredibly anti-American anti-democratic fashion, And I think the best thing I heard from that clip is that the whole thing is You know gonna get blown up and needs entirely new leadership. I look, I think it's important, frankly, I think there should be more than two parties. But if there are two parties, it's important that they're both effective and they put forth quality candidates.


'cause I'm a a big believer that You know because competition You know one of the sort of American attributes of our country. You know leads to the best outcomes and we want the best candidates for president from You know all parties. And we want a fair system. And we'll let the public decide, let the American people decide. But don't, none of these tactics and You know the Harris campaign based on the disclosures spent $583 million on staff in 103 days over the same period or maybe even over a longer period. The Trump administration, the Trump team spent You know on their spent 10 million You know like a 50 to one, 60 to one difference.


You know there's clearly gonna be a lot of fraud there, but You know, again, that's the past. It, it, it, it speaks to some extent on the corrupt You know how the DNC and and the Democratic Party ran this election. But I'm gonna be a little more optimistic because I'm very happy with the outcome. And I think the outcome's gonna to a much, much a great You know this is a very significant turning point in the country and the economy and You know in the in geopolitics. And you're seeing it in geopolitics in just the last week. You know, which I think is very encouraging about a safer world. We have tape just coming in of the president, I'll show it to you in one second. But just to put a a period at the end of that discussion, the free Beacon report also notes that Harris campaign donated to the National Urban League 2 million, the Black Economic Alliance, 150,000 black church Pac 150,000 Haitian ladies fund, 30,000 obviously trying to just buy the support of all these organizations with the money of their donors.


This isn't get out the vote, this isn't campaign signs. And same way they tried to buy Al Sharpton and maybe that's what Al Sharpton's, so-called Charity, again in air quotes is in the business of, but you may not then interview that donor on the air and not disclose it. You know, I'll just give you an example, right? I'm in Connecticut, And I don't get specific about anything involving how you could ever find my kids just for their safety. So I don't talk about which schools they go to. And there have been stories in the news involving my kids' schools, various stories, And I. Don't touch those stories because I cannot bring you the story as the anchor and talk about the school for good or for bad without disclosing to you that I have a relationship to the school that's dishonest.


It's not ethical. So even though I'd love to talk about some of these stories, I can't look at the position this guy's in. He just pocketed half a million dollars from her and then he sits across from her and doesn't tell the audience. It's outrageous. Okay, enough about that. Let's, let's take a look at President-elect Trump sitting down with Joe Biden, who is still the president, just FYI kinda lost track of him, but he's there. And in a remarkable site on Capitol Hill this morning at the White House watch. Well, Mr. President elect and the former president, thank you Donald. Congratulations. thank you. And looking forward to having a, like we said, smooth transition.


Do everything we can to make sure you're accommodated what you need. And we're gonna get a chance to talk about some of that today. So good welcome. thank you. thank you very much. And politics is tough and it's many cases, not a very nice world, but it is a nice world today. And I appreciate very much it a transition that's so smooth, it'll be as smooth as it can get. And I very much appreciate that, Joe. You're welcome. I mean that the man on screen right has been trying to imprison the man on screen left for the better part of two years.


That's an extraordinary gesture for President Trump to go in there, shake his hands, his hand, and be magnanimous. I I mean I, I give some credit to Biden for making it go smoothly and being a pro in the moment. But what's behind that picture is the one man trying to ruin the other. That's what just went on for four years. I mean it's, I'm taking a deep breath bill because it's what we used to love about our country, like more than virtually any other thing. The peaceful transition of power. Trump behaved very badly around 2020 and kind of threw that out the window. But then the retribution against him was unmatched.


Maybe it's the dawn of a new day, You know. Maybe we're getting back to a more dignified political class, but I doubt it. What do you think? I think you might be right. Look, I think that the problem last time is that it was unexpected. I think both to Trump and to many certainly the Clinton, Clinton, Hillary Clinton and others and her followers that he would get elected. There was this incredible collect You know groan and sort of half the country. And You know from the moment he You know he he his candidacy and his election was questioned in terms of its legitimacy. And then he was attacked with You know by the media instantaneously.


And then the Russian You know sort of investigation, And I You know it's very made it very difficult for him to be magnanimous. I would say from the beginning, You know 'cause he was really like You know under attack You know the over time. And I think what's great about this outcome is that he's coming in with a groundswell of support. Majority of the country. No one's questioning You know such a landslide. You couldn't question the legitimacy of the election. You know that's not a healthy thing for the country. And it's actually been very peaceful, very quiet, which I think is very good. And he's been working very quickly to bring in a new team and we're starting to see some indications of green shoots in terms of geopolitics, And I think you're gonna see that the same thing and probably some big announcements from companies of some combination of transactions and investments.


And that will really lift the economic spirits of the country, which will be great. That's great because I do think, Well if, if it happens in the next two months, Biden will take credit for it. Same as he's, he's tried to do same as Obama's tried to do about Trump's first term. This just in First Lady Jill Biden handed Trump a handwritten letter of congratulations per the White House and expressed her readiness to assist with the transition. I mean like that's pretty rich 'cause she's been sitting in on cabinet meetings, she's been acting as a co-president to the sitting president. So pretty extraordinary. She felt the need to insert herself in that moment. But okay, let's go back to what Trump has done so far because I'm very interested in some of these nominations now. The Hegseth won, he was just on Sean Ryan's podcast and what great timing for our friend Sean and said a lot of great things.


I'm sure Trump didn't see that, but Trump does for sure watch Fox and Friends every day and there's zero doubt He knows Pete from Fox and Friends and they've met before. He considered him for VA secretary on his first term, but it didn't work out. So here's a little bit why for the listening audience you can see why Trump chose him again. He's young, he's only 44. But by the way I learned this today. Did You know that JFK appointed, of course his brother RFK Senior as Attorney General when RFK was only 35 years old and had never tried a case, he had never tried a case and he became our Attorney General. So age is but a number.


Pete Hegseth actually has gone to war for our country twice. He went to Iraq, he went to Afghanistan, he was a combat vet in the Army, national Guard and has been, has just wrote a book about our woke military is very much in touch with the troops. Maybe not beloved by the generals, but I think that's probably why he got hired. Here's a little bit from Pete on the woke military with Sean Ryan sought seven. Well first of all, you gotta fire You know you gotta fire the chairman and joint chiefs and you gotta fire this. I mean obviously you're gonna bring in a new Secretary of Defense, but any general that was involved, general Admiral, whatever that was involved in any of the DEI woke shit's gotta go. Either you're in for war fighting that and that's it.


And that's the only litmus test we care about. You gotta get DEI and CRT outta military AC Academy. So you're not training young officers to be baptized in this type of thinking. And then You know whatever the standards, whatever the combat standards were, say And, I don't know 1995. Let's just make those, the standards. And as far as recruiting to hire the guy that You know did Top Gun Maverick and create some real ads that motivate people to wanna serve, not people don't wanna serve because they don't trust that, that their senior leaders are gonna have their best interest in mind in combat. Just hearing that is exciting. What do you think of it? Totally agree. Look, I I, I don't actually know the guy but I, I've read a bit about him.


You know, 20 years in the military, he's kind of seems like a soldier. Soldier You know One of the problems we have is You know recruitment. I think he's the kind of guy to inspire young Americans to enlist. Clearly is a You know very good spokesperson. Strikes me as a good leader. Got a master's degree in I think foreign policy from the Kennedy School. You know clearly a smart articulate person. You know when you send people into battle, the fact that you have combat experience You know a couple of brown stars, I think gives you a lot of credibility. And I. I love the fact that this administration is much younger than You know, perhaps previous administration. You know we have people in roles.


Exactly. I'm a big believer you don't need to be old to be right. Which I think is one of the most powerful things ever told to me when I was You know 25 years old. And so You know George Washington was what You know when he was saving the the country. How old was he? Not very old. I don't Know. They were all very young. It's incredible. You go back and look at Thomas Jefferson, all of 'em other than John Adams. He was the, he was the oldie of the group. But yeah, they were all, they were babes. Pete goes on, this is controversial but gotta say I support this too. SAT six, I'm straight up just saying we should not have women in combat roles.


It hasn't made us more effective, hasn't made us more lethal, has made fighting more complicated. We've all served with women and they're great. It just, our institutions don't have to incentivize that in places where traditionally not traditionally over human history, men in those positions are, are more capable. F-Y-I-N-P-R Marine Corps release a study on women in combat units. It was a year long study. The study found all male units outperformed mixed gender units across the board. I just, it's not sexism, it's about results. Women can absolutely serve in support roles to those who are in combat. But I completely agree with him on it.


What do you think? Well actually one example to the contrary is Israel You know they don't have a choice 'cause it's such a small country. But You know women play a very important role in the military in Israel and they serve You know, I don't know enough of the details to know You know precisely how they serve You know, for example, in Gaza or otherwise. But You know it is a mixed gender military that's You know one of the most effective militaries in the world. So I don't actually know enough to know the answer, but I think You know depends on the facts. I'm, I'm pro women's can serve, women can do a lot of great things. I don't think it's it's useful or helpful in the combat setting. I've heard that from a lot of vets.


It's no offense to women. We can do, in fact, when I trained to be a Marine, which this is a joke bill, but I did go down to Camp Lajeune, And I did advanced training for the Marines there for two days for a segment. It was amazing. I slept there, I showered there. Did the whole bit. They did say that women, one thing that women are better at is aim on the triggers. For whatever reason, I guess women do a better job of controlling their breathing, generally And it, it can affect You know your trigger finger. So You know, I realized that would be combat. But there may be so supportive roles for women that would not change the dynamic of the group setting, which is one of the things that guys complain about. Alright, I'll give you just a couple more. 'cause it's interesting to hear from Pete. He only did this interview like a week ago.


So And I, I, I hear this came together for Secretary of Defense two days ago. So it is possible Trump saw it. Here he is in SAT four In the past X number of years, 10, 12, 15. The Pentagon has a perfect record in all of its war games against China. We lose every time the way our system works, the way our bureaucratic system works, where the speed of weapons procurement works. We're always a decade behind in fighting the last war. China's building an army specifically dedicated to defeating the United States of America. That is, that is their strategic outset. Take hypersonic missiles and if You know 15 hypersonic missiles can take out or 10 aircraft carriers in the first 20 minutes of a conflict, what does that look like?


If they've already got us by the balls economically, which you pointed out very well with our grid, culturally, there's plenty of elite capture going on around the globe. I mean, and then microchips and everything. Why do they want Taiwan? They wanna corner the market completely on the technological future. We can't even drive our cars without the stuff we need out of China these days. I mean, they, they have a full spectrum long-term view of not just regional but global domination. And we are, we have our heads up our asses. I think it's gonna be very tough to defeat him. Bill, he's the, the, he's got the star factor. He's very bright.


He's actually served and and signed up after nine 11. He was one of those guys who rushed to the war. He understands television and sound bites. I I don't good luck to them in trying to convince enough Republicans to peel away from peak heads head. I don't think it's gonna happen. I think it looks like a very interesting candidate for sure. Who, what else do you think? Because right now one of the big roles we're looking at is maybe treasury. We don't know You know. He hasn't made a lot of the big financial announcements yet. Trump Yeah, actually the Scott Besant is sort of the, the lead candidate for Treasury Secretary. It's a super important role. I know Scott not well, but I have a lot of respect for him.


He's You know, trained by one of the best. Stanley Druckenmiller is probably the greatest macro investor of all time. And macro investing requires a real knowledge of the economy, interest rates, You know all the kinds of things that a treasury secretary needs to think about. So big fan of You know that decision. He's definitely, I, I think the best, best athlete, if you will, in consideration for the role And I. Think the You know the market would respond very favorably to that choice. Now this is a dumb question, but how does the Treasury Secretary affect your world? Like business leaders like you? Why do you pay such attention to that? Treasury Secretary is like You know sort of the CFO, the chief financial officer of the United States government.


And so while You know, You know, think about your favorite company. You know CEO plays a very important role. CEO in this case of course is the president, but his You know the, the, the right hand finance You know the person who has to step in and think about how crises are managed. You know Pete in that interview talked about how important the economy was in terms of military effectiveness. So just having the right You know finance executive, if you will, in that seat, I think is something You know you need the right person making You know the right decisions about the government and how the government's financed economic policy. And it's also really important for markets that investors have confidence in.


The person who sits in that seat You know. And, and Steve Mnuchin did a great job. He's really one of the people who made it through the whole Trump administration with his reputation entirely actually enhanced dealing with You know some of the there very short challenges. Very, yeah. Yeah. That's a feat in and of itself. Alright, Marco Rubio. One of the things that pro Israel Americans, which is the majority of Americans have been pointing out is that You know Rubio, Elise Nik. These are very pro-Israel lawmakers. And Trump has elevated them, which is making a lot of folks feel better about what Trump You know what his policies will be. I I think they had no reason to worry.


He wants the war to end. But by the way, Israel has already won the war, but he's not in any way ever shown an anti-Israel strain. He's not empathetic at all to the Hamas crowd. I think the reason a lot of folks in like Dearborn, Michigan voted for him and he won it is because he, he wants to bring it to a close. He is not a NeoCon. He's not all about like, let's dump more weapons and am ammunition so that we can keep this thing going. But Marco Rubio, one of the reasons that people love him was he was very, very fiercely defending Israel after they got attacked. He, even when it became controversial in some pockets to do it. Here's a clip of him from November of 23 in SAT three.


Are you filming it? I want you guys to get this. I want them to destroy every element of Hamas they can get their hands on. These people are vicious animals who did horrifying crimes? And I. Hope you guys post that. 'cause that's And What about the civilians that are being, I blame Hamas being killed every day. Blame Hamas should stop hiding behind civilians, putting civilians in the way. Hamas knew that this was gonna lead to this. So Hamas has stopped building their military installations underneath hospitals. So, so you don't care that 15,000 died, you don't care about the babies that are being killed every day. I it, I think It's terrible. And I, think Hamas is a hundred percent to blame. That's what I think. Make sure you post that, please. Hmm. That's Madea Benjamin of code pink. So what do you make of Rubio? I think he's a great choice.


He is got a lot of foreign policy experience. You know he is been in the Senate. You know a significant period of time. I think he serves on the foreign policy committee. He's got some very senior roles. And I think he's entirely right about Hamas. I think Israel needs to get rid of them and, and that ultimately will protect civilians long term. The border situation is going to be very dicey as we alluded to earlier. It's not, the media's not going to go along with deportations. They're going to film everyone, whether the person's a murderer or not, and try to make it seem like they're pulling some law abiding sweet grandpa away from his family. And this will be a test to see how much of that the American people can take who are getting their news only from these biased news sources.


What do you think about the deportation plan? Well, I don't know precisely what the plan is, is ultimately gonna be, but I think You know Obama, Clinton both deported. I think millions of people. I think people forget that You know we wouldn't have to deport people if we did a better job managing the border in the first place. You know, I've been a big You know supporter of, of, of actually so-called DACA kids financed a lot of, and these are kids brought into the country by their parents when they're You know, six years old or whatever. They grew up here. They go to high school here, And, then they wanna go to college. And they've been able to You know the none of the scholarships and government financing sort of applies to them.


So Don Graham, the former owner of the Washington Post, inspired me to help these kids. So I'm someone who certainly has a You know soft spot for You. Know people who You know these are striving, hardworking You know young Americans. And so I think it's a complicated issue. But You know, unfortunately we have You know people who are, you did not come here illegally. You know they've overwhelmed cities. You, you heard Eric Adams talking about what's sort of necessary here. And You know, I think we have every right to return people who came to the country illegally and send them back to the countries they came from and let them You know apply to come here illegally. I mean perhaps You know just the, the cost of sending back actually the economic cost of sending 10 million people back tomorrow.


And even the logistics of doing something like that is impractical. So I think we're gonna have to come up with some way with sorting through the, the millions of people that came here illegally. And if someone's came here illegally and they've worked hard and they paid taxes and they haven't committed a crime, You know, I think you should think quite seriously about whether that person should be entitled to stay in the country. Whereas if someone's committed a crime, You know it gets, it gets very easily or they haven't paid taxes or they haven't been a good citizen or You know. So I think some sort of sifting where you prioritize the people who are the greatest threat to the country. We're not making a contribution. And where you perhaps give a benefit to the people who You know may, while they may have come here illegally, they have made an important contribution to the country.


And I think that might be a, a way to address the problem. I think one o other way to do it is, I, I think that You know one people are turning back, You know some of these, some groups that were You know trying to come into the country before the You know the election happened have literally turned back And, I think some number of people, you give 'em a ticket, they'll head back home for fear of getting quote unquote deported. So I think it's a complicated issue. I don't think it's practical to send 10 peop million people home overnight. I think that would actually have some economic implications. So I think us sorting in a prioritization, there certainly are You know a couple million of those You know should go back You know promptly because there're a threat to the country.


One of the problems we may have is Venezuela is saying it's not gonna take them, it's not gonna take its own citizens back. So I'm looking forward to seeing what Trump does with that. 'cause I don't think he's gonna respond, respond well to that at all. I say yeah, you have to start with the criminals. The ones who have committed additional crimes here or who we know are criminals in their homes, home countries first as they are planning to do. But no one who came in over the past four years should stay. Not one. We open the border, they've done nothing. I don't care whether they found a job or not. They need to go back home. We can't, the country's full. We cannot. Brooke 10 to 20 million illegal immigrants who took advantage of Biden's open border people have been here 20 years. That's a different story. I don't think Trump's gonna look at those folks. We got enough to deal with.


But it's going to be spun as a no mercy, as a brutal, as a cruel policy. And some will say, I'm with my family and you heard Tom Hogan say, You know what? Then the family should go home with you. If you wanna stay with the family, then they should go too. But that's not a reason for you to be allowed to stay here. But that's going to be the major story of Trump's administration, probably after the Elon Vive joint partnership because the left is already primed to hate it. They don't like Vivek, they don't like Elon, they don't want them to succeed. So I think those will be the two biggest news stories that we see. And then the tariffs, the they'll, they'll be looking forward to that. And his d his dismantling of DEI, which we'll all be cheering from the sideline, but the media will not, now they're in an existential crisis about the DEI things Bill as You know as somebody who Noel who does not support DEI and you've got lots of charges of racism and misogyny in the wake of Kamala Harris's loss.


I wonder if you think, 'cause we've been debating this on the show, that this party is capable of excising that cancer from its base. Can it go forward as the Democrat party of old the, the Bill Clinton party that you probably voted for, right? Like, is that Getable still or no? I don't know. I really don't. It depends on how they respond. You know if the same people are in power. I I don't see any changes. If this, as you saw the video earlier on your show leads to You know an effect, a neutron bomb blows up and the party and they have to reconstitute and go back to their roots, then you could see a meaningful change.


For sure. I don't think they can do it. You've got that the amount of distress over Trump's win is related to their belief that he's a misogynist, he's a racist, he's a fascist Hitlers character. And it's expanded beyond Trump as You know, to the Republican half of the country, the people who voted for Trump. There was a clip over on the View yesterday. My audience says, I love to make fun of the View Bill, sorry, I'm gonna take you over to the view with Sonny Hostin lamenting about people are gonna have to visit their evil family members this, this Thanksgiving and this Christmas who may have done the unthinkable and let's vote for Donald Trump.


Here's a bit of that. I would never let my politics be the reason I don't show up to see my family because they won't always be There. I'm gonna disagree. I I completely understand her point because I, I really do feel that this candidate You know President-elect Trump is, is just a different type of candidate from the things he said and the things he's done and the things he will do. It's more of a moral issue for me. And I think it's more of a moral issue for other people. We're just You know. I I would say it was different when, let's say Bush got elected You know you may not have agreed with his policies, but you didn't feel like he was a deeply flawed person, deeply flawed by character, deeply flawed in morality.


That's a lot of debt. And so I think when people feel that someone voted not only against their families, but against them and against people that they loved, I think it's okay to take a be not What do you make of that bill as somebody who's probably got a lot of Democrat friends who feel she does And Democrat kids. So you Right. Hosting for Thanksgiving. Look, I think it's very anti-family You know, it's crazy. Look at we got to a place in America where You know very sadly that if you supported Trump You know people would sort of disown you. And that You know this, this Hitler You know the crazy notion, the Hitlerian notion as you referred to it, we were just talking about how pro-Israel his picks have been.


Right? Would Hitler, okay chosen, built a team that's supportive of Israel. I mean the whole thing is absurd. It really is really absurd. And, it just speaks to how people have been indoctrinated into a cult, right? They're like, the religion is that this guy's evil, this guy's Hitler, this guy is, and and therefore if you support Hitler You know clearly you're an evil person and therefore you shouldn't show up at Thanksgiving. But You know, I think the evidence shows that he's not, obviously he's not Hitler You know many of his friends are Jewish, grew up in the New York City real estate community, which is a lot of Jews. His daughter's Jewish. Sure. His grandchildren for sure. So the, and by the way, he, part of the problem, the more religious people, I think you asked before about the statistics and the statistics I've read is he got more of the Jewish vote than You know than any Republican And, I don't know, maybe ever decades You know number something like 45%.


And and that may understate it. And by the way, yeah, I would say You know in light of how some members of the progressive left members of the Jewish community feel. This may be a case where the You know the post vote. They might not be telling the truth voting for Trump. They're still not, not willing to admit they voted for him. That's interesting point. So I think the percentage point I, I'd be surprised if it's not a majority of Jewish people, particularly in light of what's going on around the world with antisemitism, what's going on with anti-Israel sentiment. I, I bet it's a substantial majority of Jews voted for Trump. Part of the problem, as we discussed earlier is these universities, and it's not just the Ivys, but a lot of the universities, even second tier are indoctrination factories churning out Antisemites, churning out pro DEI warriors.


And so even while you might have party elders like James Carville jumping up and down saying, stop doing this. This is not the way to win elections. You've got whole factories creating woke little Democrats who think this is really important. And this leads me to a tweet you sent out, I think it was yesterday. Was it yesterday where you were saying a friend of yours was asked to write a recommendation for someone's child to get into Yale. I'll read just a little bit of what you posted. You wrote, a friend was asked to write a recommendation for a daughter, somebody else's daughter who was applying to Yale. Worth a read. Dear blank, I'm unwilling to write a letter of recommendation in support of your daughter's application to Yale.


I no longer do that. It's not that I don't believe she's qualified on the contrary, it's because I do, you wouldn't ask me to write a letter of recommendation for her admission to Hamas. But Yale is no different than Hamas, a cult that abides no disagreement and occult certain of its purpose and mission beyond reflection. Yale is potentially even more dangerous. Hamas will be defeated shortly. Yale will continue to sell, send its graduates into positions of power for years. And then he goes on to say, our recent study at Harvard found roughly 50% of the students and professors would not discuss uncomfortable topics and essential life skill as the ability to change your mind. She won't learn any of that at an Ivy League school. Any of them.


There's been some blowback on this online, you're still trending for it. People saying Yale is like Hamas, Yale, Yale is no different than Hamas. It's more dangerous. How, how could it possibly be? So that's my friend Adam and he's got, he, he sends out some interesting emails. So I I I thought that was a particularly interesting one. But I think the point he makes about the indoctrination of nature You know the, maybe really what I've been talking about before, a bit of a cult You know the, the structure of elite universities. They You know even 30 years ago, they were more left than right. But the balance was different.


You know over time what happens is each faculty department, You know the economics department, the social studies department, the physics You know department promotes the, the You know. If you think about the structure of universities, basically it used to be that professors got tenure and they do today, and they got tenure to protect them to the extent they had views that were were inconsistent with kind of the convention, the conventional views or the, or even the, the, the, the church's views You know, the Galileo You know to protect the, the next Galileo saying sort of controversial things. What tenure has become is a device to really control the politics of a university. So if you're an aspiring PhD candidate and you want to get your degree, you can't put forth a paper that's inconsistent with the politics of the department.


And each of these departments have tipped sufficiently far to the left because each, they won't promote a candidate. You're not gonna get appointed to the Harvard Social Studies faculty if you don't agree politically with the You know, with the very progressive left wing nature of that department. So o once you reach a certain tipping point in terms of the percentage of the faculty on the left, the whole university appears left. And that's really sort of the point he is making there is there is not an opportunity for viewpoint diversity. There's enormous self-censorship because of people, again, people are self-censoring vote that they voted for Trump. They have to self-censor on university campuses if they have conservative views.


And this of course, think about a university, it's a place where you're supposed to be exposed to very broad viewpoint so you can figure out the truth and that's not what's happening. And so I think it's obviously the, the letter is a, a bit tongue in cheek. He, he probably sent it knowing him, but, but it really makes the point of the problems with our, our elite universities. You mentioned you have four kids. Do you have any who are in college or yet to go to college? So I have two have graduated one in college now. She was not happy with me voting for President Trump. And she made a very You know, did her best to try to convince me otherwise. And many of the arguments and videos and things she sent me were You know.


I I would say no, that's not true sweetheart You know please let me, let me send you the full clip. Let me send you the video. No, there's a counterpoint to that argument. But You know people become incredibly, again, it feels like a religion, And it shouldn't be. Right? We should choose a presidential candidate, a senator, et cetera, on the basis of You know who we think is in gonna act in the best interest of the country. And You know he's gonna, that he's gonna make abortions legal everywhere in America. He is gonna take away reproductive rights. You know these are And I said no, no, no. That's, that's already been decided. It's a state level issue. But it it, I'm sure there are many families where there's a lot of dissension over this And, I, And.


I'm looking forward to the opportunity. We, it's gotten to a place where they don't want, really wanna talk about politics at all. Hmm. That's not a good place because they're gonna stay where they are emotionally and You know with their faulty logic on some of these accusations, you should send her some me Kelly show videos. They're the, the Friday before the election I took on the abortion issue in depth. And we, we have never taken a position on abortion itself on this show. So she should listen to it because it's purely from a legal standpoint, And I practiced law for 10 years, you should send it to her. Is it, it will not offend her pro-choice, nature And. it will make her feel better about what is and is not going to happen in a Trump administration on this issue.


And you should send her all of my stuff, frankly. 'cause I think she I can get her bill. I can I can get her, I can get her over my myself If I could get her to watch it. I I watch you. I would, I absolutely will. Well, here's what I was gonna ask. So you've got a little one, I think with your, with your second wife, your current wife. Yes. Would you send your daughter to any of these schools? Like what do you, should she not go to college? Like what do you, what should people be doing? Yes. Well look, I I think the economic logic behind sending someone to college today is much less compelling than it was in the past. First of all, you can learn anything today with some combination of podcasts, YouTube videos, what you read, et cetera. There are actually many online free courses MIT in other places.


And to spend 320,000, which is what it costs to go to Harvard today, you better get a great education. So I'm hoping that You know we got 13 years before she's applying to school or maybe 12. I think hopefully what's happened in the last year is gonna catalyze efficient change in our higher system of higher education and hopefully in our secondary schools so that we You know it's really important that America has a great educational system. We're ranked like 30th in the world and we spend more than anyone else. It's a bit like our healthcare system. And I'm hoping this administration, it's gonna play a very powerful role in, in fixing You know both of those disastrous aspects. I'm Hoping the same Aspects of our country.


Yeah. Well thank you for being part of the solution. Bill Ackman, it's a pleasure to meet you. Thanks for being here. Thanks for having me. Really appreciate it. Wow, what a time, what a crazy time. I wanna tell our audience before we go just breaking John Thon wins GOP Leader race. So Rick Scott did not win. And John Thon, who is a good man, I think Trump will do just fine with him. He's not pure Maga, but he's a conservative guy and he will be the new leader. The point is that Republicans are in the majority and hallelujah, it looks like they'll control the house as well. President Trump's in DC there'll be a lot of fallout tomorrow and we will talk about it all with the fellows from ruthless for the full show.


Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And, no fear.