
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East.


Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Today we're gonna take a break from politics to talk about a very important topic, chill out about the tariffs and markets. We're gonna check in on them another day today. Let's talk about the fact that we all have nothing if we don't have our health, and we have the perfect guest to discuss how you can take control of your wellness and life. If you're into Maha, this is the show for you. If you're into living, this is the show for you. Dr. Mark Hyman is a practicing family, physician and a leader in functional medicine. We'll talk about what that means. He's a 15 time New York Times bestselling author, the host of the Dr. Hyman Show, podcast, and the founder of Function Health, a resource that gives you the tools to own your own health.


Dr. Hyman was on with us back in February, 2023 on episode four, nine, eight


Tariff Wars, stubborn Inflation. No wonder Gold has been routinely hitting all time highs in volatile markets like the one we have now. Don't sit on the sidelines with your head in the sand. You can take control and safeguard your savings. This is why so many Americans today are turning to Birch Gold Group. They have helped tens of thousands convert an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Is it time for you to hedge against economic instability with gold? To learn how to own physical gold in a tax sheltered account, Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Birch Gold will send you a free no obligation info kit. Again, just text letters MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. With an a plus rating with a better business bureau and countless five star reviews, Birch Gold has helped many protect their savings with gold. It took us decades to get into the tangled mess that they're trying to unpack right now in dc. How long is it going to take to get out of it and at what cost? Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Great to have you. Good to be here, Megan. Okay. Can we just start with that? What, what is functional medicine? Because it's not the same as like traditional medicine. No. You know, traditional medicine is really about sick care. It's diagnosing and treating disease as opposed to the science of creating health. And that's what functional medicine is. Instead of reframes our whole perspective to get to root causes rather than just downstream symptoms. So medicine is sort of divided into specialties and different organs and different parts, but your body's one whole ecosystem. And now we begin to understand that and how things like environmental factors, toxins or diets, stress, allergens and so forth, interrupt our biology or lack of certain things we need, like the right food, nutrients, the amounts of hormones, light, air, water, sleep, connection, movement, all these things are ingredients for health.


So functional medicine's about identifying the root causes, which are the lack of things you need to thrive, and too much of the stuff that doesn't in your body doesn't like whether it's heavy metals or whatever it is, and taking those away. And then your body has this natural intelligence and healing system that allows your body to repair, heal, and renew. And when you create health disease goes away as a side effect. So functional medicine is really about this, this new paradigm of dealing with the body as an ecosystem, rather than going to a different doctor for every inch of your body, It should just be medicine. Yeah. It just makes sense. But it's not, it's not. It will be. It will be. It's coming. It's like it's where the science is. It's where we're headed. It takes the generation or two to change science. So I was doing some of these things like a year ago. I was like getting my my life in order physically and, and in every way.


And the woman who was advising me was like, we should, we should get you a test for the heavy metals in your body. Yeah, yeah. And my doctor was like, no, he refused. Like he, it was actually something he would've had to order, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, we're not doing that. Yeah. And like he was not open-minded to it at all. Some of the other stuff, he was like, okay. 'cause I had mold in my apartment or my, my house at the beach. And he is like, I guess, You know, you can get tested for mold. But then he is like, do you really think it's an issue? He was like, if, if mold were killing people, everybody who lived in the jungle would be dead a lot sooner than people who live in the desert. And they're not. No. So I've been like pulled between these two, You know, because I, functional medicine makes so much sense to me. It does. And yet my like very like no nonsense traditional doctors, like, no.


Yeah. No. I mean, the two things that make us sick are our diet and environmental toxins. And those things are ignored by traditional medicine. Yes. My daughter just graduated medical school. I mean, she'll learn nothing about these things. And yet, every day in my practice, I see people with chronic illness, whether it's autoimmune diseases or whether it's metabolic diseases or whether it's digestive diseases or neurodegenerative things like Alzheimer's. And they're all things that we now begin to understand the root causes and we can actually change those and reverse those chronic illnesses. Like nobody ever heard of reversing diabetes before. Nobody ever heard of reversing Alzheimer's or reversing autoimmune diseases. And you can, and that's the beauty of what this approach does. It's really where medicine's headed. It's where major ins sort of academic institutions are researching.


But it takes a couple of decades for, But it's starting like we're Seeing science to become practice With RFKJ, who I know is a personal friend. Yeah. Callie and Casey means Callie in particular, like a big advisor to him. That's great. He's totally on board with all this. Totally. And then you mentioned Dr. Breon. He's the Alzheimer's doctor, doctor. I mean he's, he's an expert in Alzheimer's and dementia. He's been on the show a couple times and he's been saying, you don't have to get Alzheimer's. Yeah. You can do things in your life to prevent Alzheimer's. But the so-called traditional community looks at him as like, oh, You know, it not, I won't say snake oily fringe, but like Yeah, exactly. Fringe. Yeah. And like, you can't listen to him. I first got introduced to him by Maria Shriver, who was having fun when she was on the Today Show.


Yeah. She's very into Alzheimer's. Absolutely. Anyway, Well, she's not in, she's into stopping him. Yeah. Yeah. She, she Loves Alzheimer's. Yeah. But so, but that's what's happening right now. In the same way we saw, You know, doctors who were like, you might not wanna get your seventh Covid vaccine booster. Yeah. Who got dismissed by people like fauci as fringe Jay Bachar as focus protection. That's fringe. Yeah. Now we're having functional medicine doctors looked as, as fringe, But I think there's a different F word and it's future. That's right. It's future. That's changing. I mean, Toby Cosgrove, who's one of the most visionary leaders in healthcare, was the CO of Cleveland Clinic for many years. And he invited me to come to Cleveland Clinic to establish the Center for Functional Medicine. 'cause he realized that the future is gonna have to look different when it comes to chronic disease.


That the old model of looking for a drug for every disease or a pill for every ill is not gonna solve their problem. We saw this massive failure with Alzheimer's. We saw billions of dollars of money, federal money and, and private money and pharma money going to researching the drugs that they thought would cure Alzheimer's. And none of them have worked billions of dollars, hundreds and hundreds of studies. Why? Because they weren't looking in the right place to solve the problem. They were looking at the, at the pathology downstream, not at the upstream causes. And so the causes are not that hard to understand. It's our metabolic crisis. Pre-diabetes, they're calling Alzheimer's type three diabetes, which is because of the sugar and metabolic issues in the brain. That's why keto diets work so well for Alzheimer's. They, they're looking at environmental toxins and they, how they play a role, whether it's heavy metals or petrochemicals or other toxins, mold may be a factor.


Tick infections may be a factor. Nutrition deficiencies might be a factor. I had a patient who was diagnosed with early dementia, and she was an older woman who had absorption issues of B12 and, and also some genetics around vitamin B six and folic or folic acid. I gave her like vitamin B twelves and high doses of B12 and, and B six and folate. And her dementia went away. Wow. Now, that's not saying all causes, all diseases with people with dementia have that as their cause. But you have to personalize medicine. And where everything is going is personalized medicine. And this is just where, where we're headed. LeeRoy Hood was the father of systems biology, which is how everything is connected and works together as the body's a network. He called it P four medicine. It's preventive, it's predictive.


So you can identify biomarkers or things along the continuum of disease, not wait till you get something. Say, well, You know, I have this problem. I don't feel good. Or my test valve abnormal. Well, you don't really quite have a disease yet, so come back when you have a really have a disease, they'll give you a drug. It's not how we should be doing it. So it should be predictive. I see this, I call it like the Queen's medicine, You know, You know, how did the queen live to be, You know, her mid nineties? How did a queen mom live to be 101 or two? Yeah, yeah. Like that. Because they had personal care. That's right. That was looking at them all the time. That's right. On this level. You know, not just like an annual, but, and, and honestly, having known some super rich like mega billionaires Yeah. In my media career. Yeah. They all have somebody who's looking at this stuff all the time. That's, I saw This one guy super billionaire at this event I went to two years ago, and this is a swanky event.


We were there for a few days. Yeah. Put on by, You know, another billionaire. Yeah. But not withstanding billionaire, number one had brought all of his food with him. Yeah. You know, like he was at that level where he was being advised at that level on his health. And the reason I'm mentioning this is because all these people who have money or royalty or whatever, they're invested in making sure it's one-on-one care. Someone's looking at their markers, advising them on what they're putting in their body. It's not just like, try to eat better, get a little exercise, don't smoke or drink so much. It's Right. It's much more great. It's much more creative. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, but you're like with functional medicine and with your program too, you can get this without being a billionaire. Without being royalty. That's right. That's, that's right.


It's basically 500 bucks a year. That's Right. So function health is, You know, is, look, I, I'm one doctor and it's gonna take a generation to change medicine. Or two maybe. So how do we leapfrog over that? We need to have business innovation. And that's where we created function health, which is a health platform that's personalized. Allows you to understand your own biology, be proactive, be the c of your own health. And we're learning so much about what's going on underneath the hood for the population that never had been done before. We now have over, I think 180,000 members, or have over 20 million data points on these people. We can see trends like the severe metabolic crisis we're having in America with high levels of insulin and blood sugar and A1C. And also their, their lipids, which, which we do in a very deep way to look at the cardiovascular risk that traditional doctors don't do less than 1% of all tests or for this special new advanced lipid profile.


And less than 1% of all doctors measure insulin, which is the most important test you wanna know if you're going to live a long time and be healthy. It's the underlying problem. That's the pre-diabetes thing. Yeah. Pre-diabetes. But it's not just pre-diabetes. It causes heart attacks, strokes, cancer, dementia. These are all diseases of, of insulin resistance. When your body doesn't like sugar And it keeps blocking the effects of insulin, you need more and more insulin. And then insulin causes storage of belly fat. It causes inflammation. It makes you hungry. It just creates this whole cascade. And so we're, we're seeing all these amazing things that people didn't know they had. Like inflammation is a big driver of disease. 46% of our population has inflammation. 33% have an autoimmune biomarker. Which, which is sort of amazing to uncover because I don't know what it's causing it.


Is it our load of environmental toxins that are leaky gut? Is it the covid covid vaccine covid post covid phenomena? Vaccine vaccine? Well, the vaccine and even just covid has, yeah. Has led to this long covid phenomena, which is often driving autoimmune disease. And we're also seeing nutritional deficiencies. Over 70% of our population has deficiencies in nutrients at the minimum level to prevent a deficiency disease. So how much vitamin C You're not, you get scurvy very little. No, that happened to my, my husband's good friend on Wall Street when they, when he first started in investment banking, he was eating so poorly. Yeah. He went to the doctor. This is guy working in Manhattan. Yeah. Went to the doctor. They're like, you have scurvy. Oh geez. Have you been on a ship for six months? He's like, no, I've just been at my, my desk.


But You know, I've heard you discuss this on your show where we have what percentage of the population now that's obese. Yeah. It's scary. And, and yet you're saying they're malnourished. Yeah. It's, people are overfed and undernourished. So we see this double burden of obesity and malnutrition at the same time. Especially in kits who are eating junk food. They're Yes. Tremendously. We're seeing zinc deficiencies, You know, folate deficiencies, iron deficiencies, deficiencies, and vitamin D. These are Omega-3 deficiencies. These are ramp in our population. And what people don't realize is that these nutrients are the basic lubricants that oil, the wheels of your metabolic machinery. So every chemical reaction in your body, and there's 37 billion, trillion every second has to be facilitated by a helper, which is usually a vitamin or mineral.


And, and we're deficient. And it's because we're eating, 60% of our diet is ultra processed food. It's 67% of kids' diet. For every 10% of your diet. That's ultra processed food. Your risk of death goes up by 14%. So you do the math. I'm not good at math, but it's a lot, it's a lot of more increase in mortality. Those omega Threes you mentioned. So you can get those in something like fish. Fish. Yeah. But then, and then the bad omegas are the sixes, which you can get in like vegetable oil. Yeah. And unfortunately the average kid has a ton of omega sixes. Yeah. And they potato chips and all this. Yeah. They're not really necessarily balancing 'em out. And then if you That's right. Do try to balance 'em out with seafood or fish. The odds are, if you just get it from the grocery store, it's riddled with mercury. That's right. And it may not even be worth the ti you have to get like wild can't win for, For losing Wild caught salmon.


What? Or like a herring. It's the smash fish. It's like, yeah, That's right. A salmon mackerel. But not just any salmon. Anchovies has wild caught Alaskan salmon, small Mackerel, anchovies, herring, Anchovies and sardines. Sardines, right. Yeah. An I love those. I'm Jewish. I like all that. Wait, so Have you actually like opened up, Have you been ruing daughters in New York? Oh, come On. No, no. Have you ever like, opened up a tennis sardines and actually eaten fish, like rat? A hundred percent every Day. Is that, is it the whole body? Like the little bones You mean? Yeah, it, the bones, the bones are great. 'cause sardines are one of the superfoods out there because it screw up my mouth. No, come on. Super. It's a superfood. You've got incredible amount of protein. You've got calcium from the bones, which is highly absorbable. Is it crunchy? Yeah. A little bit. You've got, you've got, you've got a rich source of omega threes that are great for your brain health and many other things.


And you've got choline, which is also critically important for your brain. So it's an incredible food. Is this available to me via supplements? Yeah, you can say sine supplements for sure. Well, that actually, I just heard something interesting. 'cause I, I was taking fish oil capsules for a while, since I eat no fish. But then somebody's like, You know, you gotta watch that too, because be careful who you buy it from. Yeah. You need a reputable, reputable source. Right. Because they too could just be getting it from mercury infested fish. Yeah. Yeah. So you're basically taking two mer Mercury capsules every night. Yeah. Most of 'em don't have that. But you, you, they filter it, they purify it and you can, you can look at the before and after testing and see if it's, You know, got, okay, That's good to hear. Yeah. Yeah. So, But anyway, so that's just one of the many lists that you, that you gave that like your kids are doing.


And, and I do worry about the kids a lot because you, you said something that I was like, oh my God, that makes so much sense. Bobby Kennedy's been talking about this too. I cross-examined him for four hours over vaccines. That's how, that's part of his resurrection story. Yeah. And it was great. It was, he was very strong. He had answers for all of his critics questions about him, which is what I was fronting. And the, the, one of the things he was saying was, no, I, I have not maintained that vaccines cause autism, But I think that we need to look at the toxic stew that children are growing up in. That's right. That's right. As a cause of potential, a potential cause of autism and, and what's in the vaccines. Like the extras in the vaccines, like mercury or aluminum should also be factored into that discussion.


Made perfect sense to me. But he's, he listed it for me in this discussion saying, look at all the things that kids are going through that w were not present when I was a kid for sure. He was talking about like ticks and H-A-D-H-D like everywhere, autism spectrum diagnoses all over the place Exploded. Yeah. And So that made perfect sense to me. And then I listen more to you and you're, you're even next level with it, I think because you're like, part of the toxics do is those potato chips. Yeah. And the soda and the, the absence of cauliflower and broccoli and kale or any of the cruciferous vegetables that might help absorb some of the terrible shit we're putting in our bodies.


They help You detoxify Right. Kids. And we're allowing it. I mean, I, I'm guilty of this too, in, in part, we're allowing the kids to treat their bodies like dumpster fires. Yeah, It's absolutely true. I mean, You know, when you look at what happened from when I was born in 1959, it was a long time ago, about 53 not that long. To, to now the change in our chronic disease epidemic is staggering. The change in autism rates have gone from one in 10,000 to one in 30 something kids, depending on, on where you look at the data. The, the rate of neurodevelopmental issues has gone now affecting one in six children. We have, we have rising rates of autoimmune disease and allergies. And kids we're seeing, obviously obesity in kids, which never saw before. I mean, when I was in medical school, there was no type two or type one diabetes.


It was juvenile onset or adult onset. Then kids started getting it. Now 30 plus percent of teenage teenagers have pre-diabetes or type two diabetes. It's staggering. And so the question is, why, why has this happened? What's changed in our culture, in our environment, and in the food? Well, we've industrialized our food system. We've made convenience king, we've, food industry has basically taken over. And I, when I say food, I mean the food and ag industry have taken over our society in ways that are pervasive, pervasive and, and actually measurable. They fund academic centers, which to do research, they fund 12 times as much quote nutrition research as the federal government. They fund academic associations like the American Heart Association, which gets $192 million from the food and the, and the pharma industry.


They fund the Academy Nutrition dietetics, which 40% of their revenue comes from the food companies. And when you go to their meetings, and I've been to there and I've spoken there, there's like big exhibit halls that say no pictures allowed. Why? Because it's full of junk food. Oh, wow. And these, they're promoting to the nutritionist as sort of healthy alternatives, You know, and, and so you've got them creating front groups like the American Council on Science and Health. That is, is actually some of those guys that have been in jail for Medicare fraud. And they are a bunch of quacks who are funded by big tobacco, big food, big Ag, and say they pesticides trans fats and high fructose corn syrup are all healthy for you. And then they fund social groups like NAACP and Hispanic Federation to get them to oppose things like ta soda taxes, which we can argue is good or bad, but they, they, they wanna lie themselves so they don't push back on them.


And they target those groups more directly than, than other groups in society. By the way, remiss if we didn't mention they also fund our lawmakers. Yeah, They well, I was about to say that. Yeah. And they're the biggest, they're their biggest lobby group. So they fund huge amounts of miseducation misinformation on, on both sides. Neither party is immune from this. The Republicans are just as corrupt as the Democrats are. And taking money from these groups. Hundred percent and voting accordingly. A hundred percent. I mean, I, I, Roger Marshall, who's now the head of Mahaw caucus in the Senate, I called him out in my book Food Banks. And I said, You know, there was a, a, a panel on chronic disease and a hearing in Congress, and he was emphasizing, it was just exercise. That was the issue. It wasn't diet at all. And he was, You know, funded by the confection association of the, You know, and I, and I, and now we've become friends.


And I said, listen, Roger, I called you out in that book. Just hope you don't mind. He says, don't worry, I'm, he's seen the Light Since. Yeah, yeah. So, You know, people change. No, there Was an update today, hold on. Before it came to air. This just happened. Yeah. We're trying to get Cali means, and RFKJ are trying to get, to make it such that people cannot use food stamps to buy soda. Yeah. That's a big one. You know, to try to encourage our, our, our poorest Americans Yeah. When they need food stamps to use them for high nutrition foods and not the worst of the worst. And tooth and nail. The soda companies are fighting this of course's worth something like $60 billion. Yeah. I mean, year to them. Yeah. And this just happened in Arizona. Yeah. Where there was a bill to remove soda from the things you could buy with food, food stamps with snap.


Yeah. And they wrote it against it. And, and the, the bill failed to make it outta the Health and Human Services Committee in the analogy, Arizona legislature by a vote of six. Six. And who cast the deciding vote against it. A Republican Ralph Heap voted against it alongside the Democrats, by the way. Not for nothing. But here is, I think we have Cali means. Yeah. Here's, Cali means reacting to that in so one, So there's no correlation or causation between soda and obesity rates. Your concern is obesity. Wow. Yeah. Then we should be talking about obesity. We shouldn't be talking about obesity for snap recipients who have social determinants of health beyond just what they eat. I things is that the general public would consider unhealthy.


I mean, who knows what the general public considers unhealthy. If the government tries to define in state statute, what's a good food and what's a bad food, it's very, very complicated. We are not going to subsidize sugary drinks. This here is Callie Candy for our kids. It's criminal. And this is a no-brainer situation. And frankly, these two speakers before me should be ashamed of themselves. Oh, you're crossing a line right there, there ashamed of themselves Crossing a line. God Bless him. Good. I mean, it's hard to, it's hard to imagine how those guys go to sleep at night saying what they say. You know what, You know. Right. I mean, it's to say there's no connection between sugar, social And that's causing all the obesity amongst The, it's not, yeah. It's not just poverty. And by the way, it's affecting all sectors of society, not just the poor.


But I, last I checked JB Pritzker's pretty rich. And he's morbidly by ob by anyone standard. That's true. But when you, when you look at SNAP or food stamps, it's called Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. But it's really about food security, which means you can have calories. So you can eat 2,500 calories of soda a day. And that's enough to, to fuel your metabolism, to keep it alive, but it's gonna kill you. And it Yeah. For some, some Sense. And, and it's not nutrition security, which is what we need in America, which is providing enough nutrients to people who have, have also food insecurity. And when you, and you look at Snap, 20 20% of Coca-Cola's, US profits come from food stamps. It's a big chunk of Walmart's profits. It's huge.


And, and the, the people don't realize that we pay for the, the problem multiple times. The, the, there's a, a new kind of concept called the commercial determinants of health, which is how multinational and transnational corporations privatize profits and socialize the costs in sub public health. And so we, we, the taxpayers paying the bill, we pay like probably four times, for example, for the food. For the Food. We pay to buy that soda. That's right. We pay for the farmers to grow the corn that makes the high fructose corn syrup that goes in the soda. Then we pay for the soda with snap. And then we pay for Medicare Medicaid on the backend to deal with the chronic diseases like diabetes that result from it. And who's paying for the environmental consequences of how we grow the food using methods that disrupt our soil, the loss of soil organic matter.


We've lost a third of all our top soils who we're gonna lose all of it. The amount of water resources we use to, to, to irrigate. Which are, which are, because the farming methods don't retain water in the soil for every 1% organic matter. You retain 25,000 gallons of water per acre. So we're losing huge amounts of our, of our water infrastructure. And we're also poisoning the rivers and lakes. 'cause all the electrician fertilizer flows down to them and causes a overgrowth of algae, which sucks all the oxygen out and kills the fish. And so we have dead zones the size of New Jersey in the Gulf of Mexico, or America, whatever you wanna call it now. And there's 400 of those around the world to feed half a billion people. And then we lose biodiversity. 75% of pollinators are gone. So the, the, the list goes on. Who's paying for all that?


Who's paying for the bees being destroyed? Who's paying for the water being destroyed? Who's paying for the fish being destroyed? So basically it's us. It's, This is the part of the conversation where I just wanna open up a bag of Doritos. Like I give up, I give up. I can't, like there's no winning. Right. Yeah. There's, we're probably inhaling enough microplastics to kill us right now. Yeah. You know, it's like, by the way, that was another thing I learned in preparation for today, the average person, is it here here, the average person now today has, this is from a, it was on the, it was in New York Times today on micro microplastics, the human brain samples from 2024. Yeah, I saw that. Had nearly 50, 50% more microplastics than brain samples from 2016. They estimate there are five bottle caps worth of plastic in the average Human.


Can't be good. Can't be good. Five Bottle caps. Yeah. Can't spare it. No. And, And it was so, so it's overwhelming like the farming that, let's just start there. You know, that's what like Casey and call have been saying, we need regenerative farming. Yeah. Which I don't really totally understand, but it seems like it, it's gonna be really hard to make the farmers do that. And really expensive. And when I sat in on those RFKG confirmation hearings, even the Republican senators seem to be like a little like, I'm Charlie for you. Except when it comes to the farmers. Yeah. Well, the thing is, the farmers are a big voting base. And so you don't wanna lose them, but you also want to take care of them. 'cause when you look at farmers in this country, suicide rates are higher than almost any population. Chronic disease rates. Parkinson's, cancer, because of how they're farming, they're, they're not able to make significant profits.


They're, they're really marginalized in terms of their, their way. They're stuck between the bank loans, the crop insurance and the seed and, and chemical companies that they have to buy the, the seeds and the chemicals from. So they're kind of the, the stuck in the middle. And there is a way out and, and it's been demonstrated. The si the sciences there, the economics are there to convert farms that are industrial farms to regenerative farms. And that can be done at scale. And it has been well shown in a movie coming up called Common Ground. I think it's gonna be released in, in, in about a week. On Okay. On Amazon and also A regenerative farm. Yeah. And it shows how, You know, like these big, You know, corn farmers can actually do this. And, and they make more money. They restore the ecosystem. And what is regenerative farming? It's basically mimicking nature. You know, Gabe Brown was a farmer, North Dakota in conventional farmer.


And he, his farm was destroyed by drought, hail, and all kinds of things. And he was like, what am I gonna do? And he started reading Thomas Jefferson's journals. And in the journals it explained how he used methods to restore the ecosystem, to use natural pest control methods to actually use methods that actually restore soil, that retain water, that do all the things we want to do. And, and Gabe Brown has demonstrated this on his 5,000 acre of farm in North Dakota and, and has actually makes 20 times as much money restore the soil. Doesn't use irrigation, doesn't need to use chemicals. It produce much more food, much more nutrient dense food. And it's all been well documented through science. Wow. So, wow. It, it's possible. It's just a matter of how do we transition farmers?


How do we support them to do that? And private equity's investing in this. I mean, if private equity in paying farmers to convert 'cause they know they're gonna get a return on the backend to regenerative Funds. Yeah. They know it's, it's a, it's a profit center and they're gonna make more money than, than industrial farming. I was just thinking about wind turbines, which many of us absolutely hate. Yeah. And they, And they, And they ruin and they most environmentalists kill the birds. Yeah. Yeah. They kill the birds. They kill the land. It's like they're full of toxins. The the, the blades are as long as a football field. Yeah. Each blade as long as football field and several tons. And they're like, just, and you get up to hundreds of them Yeah. In a wind farm. Anyway, I, we have a summer home along the jersey shore.


Yeah. And they're about to get pummeled by one of these wind farms. And it's just so disgusting. Thank God for Trump for stopping most of them in progress. I don't think he's, that order was gonna help us. But in any event, all the money that Obama and Joe Biden have been funneling into wind and solar energy, which is very inefficient. It costs so much, it requires so much land and toxins and reliance on the Chinese and so on. Why don't, why don't we funnel that into American farmers to help them hundred switch over to regenerative Farming percent. A hundred percent. It's just, it's one of the best things we can do for the environment. For the climate. For, for energy. I mean the, the, there's so much oil used in farming, people don't realize it's, it's a huge amount of, the inputs are all oil based of fertilizers, the pesticides, the, the amount of oil use that drive the big, You know, machinery, all that is, You know, enormous amount of oil that we use just to grow vegetables and grow corn and grow soy.


And we, so that, that can be changed. By The way, my husband wrote a book on Rudolph Diesel who invented the diesel engine. Oh. They should be using diesel engines and powering them with corn. That's a place we could use good corn oil. Yeah. Or vegetable oil. That's right. They can power the engines with the tractors Better to use it in the engines than in their Body. It can be done. That's how the diesel engine was born. Yeah. Okay. So regenerative farming is definitely one of the things. Now what happens when the average patient comes in to see you? Like you do the blood tests? Yeah. And where do you start? Like what, for the average listener, like what are the top five? Because they don't know how to read their blood tests. That's, You know, that's right. I am consider myself a relatively sophisticated consumer in this department. I don't know how to read my blood tests. Yeah, I know you're supposed to look at the HDL and the LDL and beyond that, I don't really know what Oh No.


Right, right, right. So what, what should the average person be looking at? What, what are the most important things? Well, I I, You know, I think we've had this edifice in medicine where the doctor is the gatekeeper and the healthcare system is the gatekeeper between you and your own biology. And I believe that needs to be changed. And people should be empowered to know what's going on in their bodies and to have the information to interpret it. And that's really why we co-founded Functional Health, was to allow us to break down that barrier. To allow a personalized health platform that allows you access to your data and then to know what to do about it. What does it mean? Yeah. And, and Do you give 'em a code? A code? I mean, like, you have all the numbers now after you get your blood tested through function, but like now, what Do, what do you do? Yeah, yeah. How do figure out what it means? So, so essentially we're, we're building the engine and we have tens of thousands of pages of content that educates people about what it means, what to do about it, what the root cause are.


So let's say you have a positive autoimmune antibody in a traditional healthcare system and say, okay, you're gonna go to the rheumatologist. They're gonna see if they can diagnose you with some autoimmune disease, and then they're gonna give you an anti-inflammatory drug that's gonna suppress your immune system. Whether it's a steroid or a biologic that costs 50,000 once a year. They're not gonna go, why is this abnormal? So we guide you through an understanding of what it means and why is this potentially an issue? Is it because you're, you have a leaky gut and your microbiome is messed up? Is it 'cause you're eating gluten and it's driving that autoimmune biochemistry? Or is it because you're exposed to environmental toxins that are immunotoxic that affect you? So we begin to sort of sift through, or is it because you had covid or because you have Lyme disease or whatever. And then you can sort of sift through and say, oh gee, this is why I may be sick.


And then we say, here's how you further investigate and here's the kinds of doctor you wanna see and here's the next steps or here's things you can do on your own. So it's really about self-empowerment. And, and I, the, I by The way, it's all the stuff that Dr. Breen says about pre present preventing Alzheimer's. A hundred percent. This is so worth it for everybody's Time. A hundred percent. It's what it's preventing everything. 'cause it's, it's like, You know, there are a few common causes that drive all the chronic disease we're seeing. And it's not that hard. It's the too much of the bad stuff and not enough of the good stuff that our bodies need. And when you take out the bad stuff, you put in the good stuff, which is essentially what functional medicine is. The body knows what to do. So I, I'll give you an example. So I had a patient come in and she had psoriatic arthritis. She had terrible inflammation of her skin. And joints were swollen, You know, the heartbreak of psoriasis.


But she also had terrible heartburn and reflux. She had terrible irritable bowel syndrome. She had migraines, she had depression, she had pre-diabetes. She was overweight and she was, You know, 50 issuer business coach. And I said, gee, You know, what are all these things? How are all these things related? Instead of, You know, seeing the best doctors, which she did at Cleveland Clinic. The best doctor's rheumatology, the best migraine doctor, the best GI doctor, the best depression psychiatrist. And she was seeing the best of every class and got the best of the state-of-the-art current model of treatment, which was just pharmaceutical drugs. Nobody said, why is she having these problems? It's the medicine of why not? What, why do you have this? Not what disease do you have? Not what drug do I give, but why?


And then we investigated 'cause she had all these gut issues. A lot of your immune system is in your gut. And so I cleaned up her gut, I got rid of the bad bugs. I gave her an antibiotic and antifungal restored her microbiome with probiotics, gave her some fish oil and vitamin D came back six weeks later and she's like, doc, everything's gone. Whoa. I lost 20 pounds. My psoriasis is gone. My arthritis is gone. What? My migraines are gone. My depression's gone. I feel great. My irritable bowel reflux are gone. And I stopped all my medications. I'm like, I didn't tell you to do that. She's like, no, I just was feeling so good. I stopped them. And so once you understand how to unlock someone's health and give them the roadmap, they can do it. Have you seen this in children too? Yes, of course. I mean, I'm a family doctor and I've treated, You know, thousands and thousands of kids.


And, and it's just so disturbing to me when I see the kinds of things that really are affecting these kids. I mean, I had one little girl who was 10 years old and she had this horrible autoimmune condition that was triggered by her eating crappy, sugary diet that was causing tons of used overgrowth in her gut. She also had gluten antibodies that were causing some injury to her gut lining that can trigger out immunity. She also loves sushi, which is weird for a kid. But she liked a lot of mercury laden too. Now she was eating a lot of that. So she had mercury toxicity and we basically reset her gut. We put her elimination diet. I gave her some things to get rid of the, the overgrowth of yeast in her gut. And I gave her chelation to get rid of the mercury. And she had something that was, she was on like 1200 milligrams of Solumedrol, which is like a horse dose of steroids.


Whoa. Every three weeks intravenously. She was on chemo drug called methotrexate. What she was on, like drugs to help with her rain nose. And other than her gut issues, so calcium channel blockers, she was on a whole list of things. Aspirin. 'cause she had more blood clotting. She was on a pile of drugs and, and she really couldn't function really very well. And she completely fixed it. She was a hundred percent better. And You know, I checked in with her 10 years later, she's doing great. You know, she's gone to college and is, is really healthy. And so we, we see that if we, we start to dig into the root causes and help people understand how their body is actually organized, not how medicine currently organizes it, we can do tremendous amounts. And that's really why I think function health is so important. 'cause it helps us leapfrog over their current medicine, empowers people with their data and, and, and helps 'em understand what to do about it.


I I heard you talking with someone, and forgive me if you weren't the one with this story, But I think it was you talking about a kid's handwriting. Oh Yeah. That was me. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I mean, we hopefully can show this on the show, But I, there, there's a kid I had about a DD and this is what first got me to realize that what was happening in the body affected the brain in a very profound way. It wasn't just the mind body effect, but the body mind effect. And many of our psychiatric illnesses are caused by dysfunctions that we can treat not with a DD medication, which is now is prescribed. We are gonna definitely spend time on this. This Is interesting. Yeah. I mean, and, and this kid had a DD he, but he had also all these other issues. He had asthma and he had allergies and he had stomach aches and he had headaches and he had, You know, a whole list of stuff.


And he was seeing seven different doctors, about seven different prescriptions. And he was on Ritalin. He'd been kicked out of kindergarten. He was that bad. Oh boy. And his writing was terrible. He had these kids often have what we call dysgraphia. I mean, so you can't read their writing. Really poor handwriting. But like at 12 years old you couldn't even read it. And his mother came to see me. We put him on a clean diet. He was only eating processed food. We did a nutritional testing And it was, it was like so malnourished. And he wasn't really overweight, but he was really malnourished. I don't Understand. It's just so strange that a mother who would be like taking him all those doctors and like having, Oh, she finally got to me. She didn't like it, but she's like doing the best she could as a mother. You don't know. And then she heard about, it Doesn't even occur to you that maybe it's nutrition. I think for a lot of people it doesn't even occur to you.


'cause you, I I especially with a child who you think can process anything, no Matter what you do, it's, and the two months later, the mother brings him back and he's doing better at every level and he's off all the medications. But what was so striking to me was his handwriting before and after she showed me his handwriting from his homework And it was like a different kid. And it was in that moment, I go, wow, how did his brain going from being chaotic and dysfunctional and, and, and not synchronizing properly to being kind of functioning and organized and structured so that he can actually function in the world and not have a DD and it's handwriting go back to normal. 'cause it wasn't like I gave him a handwriting class, You know? Right. And I was like, wow, this is crazy. And that led to me writing this book called The Ultra Mind Solution, which is How to fix your Broken Brain by Fixing Your Body First.


And this was like 15 plus years ago. And now there's departments of metabolic psychiatry at Stanford, nutritional psychiatry at Harvard guys, Chris Palmer, who's a Harvard professor, is a psychiatrist, discovered accidentally you could cure schizophrenia on a ketogenic diet. And now, You know, there's $3 million grant that just got given to Mayo to study ketogenic diets and severe mental illness like bipolar disease and schizophrenia. Whoa. And we had such a stigma against this instead of understanding that this is something that actually is, because our biology is just not functioning properly. You know what I'm thinking about right now after we had, You know, did, did you watch that round table that they had in the US Senate with Ron Ron Johnson? Yeah. And Callie and Casey were there and the Atlantic did a big writeup of it after and called it the WOOWOO caucus.


Yeah, yeah. They were so dismissive and disgusting about Yeah, yeah. These ideas being discussed in a serious way. And that's what we're up against Yeah. Is that, You know, you start to say like, maybe we can head off schizophrenia Yeah. With diet. Yeah. And they say, I'm out. You're crazy. Yeah. But this is actually looking at academic medical centers. This is what they're studying. Like they're looking at these things seriously because the data's there. And so, You know, max Plank, who is a a physicist, said, You know, scientists doesn't advance by convincing your opponents and helping them see the light. But because a new generation grows up this familiar with it, in other words, medicine advances one of funeral at a time. Mm. Yes. Right. And so it's unfortunate. People get very ossified in their ideas.


And Thomas Kon wrote about this in the structure of scientific revolutions, how it's very difficult to convert people who believe a certain thing, like the earth is flat or the earth is the center of the universe, or that species arise in their fixed state, You know, basically. Or that it was an insurrection, Whatever. Yeah. Like people basically just have this v very fixed view of the way things are, and it's very hard to change that. Paradigms are really hard to change, which think autism is caused by refrigerator mothers, that ulcers are caused by stress. And the guy who actually was a gastroenterologist would notice in the biopsy said the stomach, that there was this bacteria hanging around. He is like, what is this? Maybe this is the cause. And everybody laughed at him. The whole gastroenterology field just made, made him a joke. And he said, well, I'm gonna prove it. He's drank a beaker of this bacteria.


He got his partner to like, he got an ulcer, he got his partner to scope him before and after he took antibiotics, secured the ulcer, and then proved it and he won the Nobel Prize for it. Oh, wow. So, You know what, what one day seems like qu a quack and the next day is actually standard of care. To Me, it just doesn't seem quacky at all. It seems like absolutely logical And it and sensible. Yeah. Just people won't accept it. And I think part of it is, it's so much easier to take a pill. You much rather be told, just take this drug and you're good. Totally. As opposed to completely change the way you eat. And by the way, you need to move more. I mean, it's so hard to do, Megan, in our environment because everything is set up for us to fail. We have a toxic wasteland of nutrition that we live in our body. We don't need to move our bodies at all if we don't want to.


Right. We don't get outside very much. You know, we have so much stress. We, we have high levels of stress. We don't sleep well. These are just fundamental things that a human organism needs to, to have in order to thrive. And You know, we, we, we take care of our dogs and our animals and our horse race horses in ways that we, You know, in ways that are, are so much better than we take care of ourselves. Like we wouldn't feed our, our million dollar race horse at McDonald, big fries and a Coke. We'd feed it to our kids. Right, Right. Well, I was thinking about what you just said about how we're just not set up, You know, for success here. And the family went to Scandinavia in June. We did Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, and they're all basically the same country, but in terms of their approach to lifestyle and so on. Yeah.


But in Denmark they have it set up there, there there's some waterways there, and they have it set up so that almost every office building has a stairway down to the water. Yeah. Wow. And it's encouraged that on your lunch break, you walk in, you would go to take a swim. Yeah. You would go downstairs, you'd eat outside and it's cold there. They they know that. But they all bike to work. First of all, they, everybody bikes. Even the royalty in Denmark and Sweden, they bike around very sort of mobile culture. Yeah. And then think about it, if you went to the office and the office culture was during lunch, we eat healthy, we go outside, we swim in the water, and then there are showers to shower off when you get back into the office. Yeah. You have a 90 minute break where you can do all of that.


Yeah. And then back to work. Yeah. We're the opposite. Yeah. We're like, what the hell are you doing away from your desk for 90 minutes, For 90 seconds? You know, Scandinavia? No, we're the USA we produce, You know? Yeah. We're the envy of the world in terms of our production and so on. That's our mindset. Yeah. There are some benefits to it, but in the health department, not, not really. No. No, it's, it's, it's very disturbing. I mean, when you look at, at us compared to every other country, we're, we spend more than twice any other nation in healthcare, which is almost $5 trillion. One in $5 of our economy. It's the federal government pays for 40% of that. And it's one in three federal dollars. So we're, we're footing the bill and, and we we're 48th in life expectancy. I think Cuba and Albania are better than us.


Oh my God. Albania. I think so. Albania. Yeah. Maybe they don't have good records, but like that's when you look at the list, like what are we doing here at the bottom of the list? And, and I mean, Trump on Joe Rogan showed this. Well, what's The number one reason for that? What's the number if you had to pick one? I think it's, it's, it's our, it's our diet Ultra Process foods. Yeah. It's, it's the, it's the takeover of the American food supply by the industrial food system. Yep. And, and Chemicals everywhere. I mean like within that, what's the number one culprit ultra process or chemicals All overwhelming, I think it's sugar and starch. Sugar and starch. And, and then you can add in the chemicals and all the rest of it. And By the way is, is is bread bread Bad? Is bread basically sugar? Yeah. Well actually the glycemic, it's something called the glycemic index, which is how much has given food raises your blood sugar is based on white bread.


So that's a hundred. So that's the highest. Yep. Sugar is actually 80 because it's made up unbelievable fructose and glucose. But it's a little bit tricky because fructose doesn't raise your blood sugar, but They both have the same Yeah. Below the neck. Your body cannot tell the difference between a bol of cereal or a bolus sugar. Wow. You Know, it just, or, or a loaf of bread Or a loaf of bread. You keep bo it is just the same thing. So when you eat white bread, you're basically eating sugar and, and the American population consumes 152 pounds of sugar and 133 pounds of flour per person. Wow. Per year. That's almost three quarters of a pound per day. You know, I mean the, the dietary godliness which need to be fixed, and I'm working on that with a nonprofit.


Good. The 10% of our diet they say can be sugar. That's 12 teaspoons in an average 2000 pound diet for a kid, the average kid's eating 36 tea spoons of sugar a day. Well, that, I think, and that's a pharmacologic Dose. I might have. Cali or Casey, one of them was saying at the, the turn of the 20th century, You know, in the 1900 or so, the average, You know, recommended daily or No, the average intake of sugar Yeah. Amongst American children was zero. Yeah. Zero on a day-to-day basis. Yeah. Now they say it can have like 28 grams. Yeah. That's crazy. It it was zero. Yeah. Well, You know, when, when the World Health Organization tried to reduce the recommended amount of sugar to 5% of your diet from 10% in the recommendations, Donald Rumsfeld and he was under Bush too.


Yeah. Flew, flew to Geneva and said, we're gonna pull our $400 million of funding from you if you do that. What? It's crazy. Yeah. I mean that's how powerful the food industry is. They have infiltrated every aspect of our society. Oh. And, and not To mention that they, they, they're basically accounting for most of the marketing and TV besides pharma. Yep. It's all junk food. I mean, I watched the Super Bowl last year. It was 11 junk food ads in the first half. I They're pushers. Yeah. They're pushers. If they were doing this with, You know, heroin, we would see the danger, but, well, it's Addictive. I mean the science is so clear in this Megan, 14% of adults and kids are biologically addicted to food. This is according to the Yale Food Addiction Scale. It's a scientifically validated metric for looking at food addiction. And I'm not talking about just like, oh, I love, I love cookies 'cause I love cookies, but like, people who really can't stop like an alcoholic That's staggering.


And in, and these, these companies know this. They've designed food to be like this. They, the tobacco companies bought in the seventies, a lot of the food companies like RJ and Nabisco and Philip Morris Craft, right? Yes. And then they, they, They got outta cigarettes and into Crackers and they engineered these foods with Taste Institutes where they had craving experts to create the bliss point of food to create heavy users. These are their own internal terms they use. And In fact they, they actually have take little two year-olds and put 'em in MRI scanners to see which images will light up their brain in their pleasure center. So they'll see their mommy when they go to the grocery stores, buy this, buy that, You know, gimme the Cogo Pebbles or whatever it is. Right. That is so dark. I was just thinking about my little guy today at breakfast who was like, mom, there's this meal service that will deliver the meals pre-made if you wanna, You know, sign onto that.


And I was like, be a bad idea. And they did a good job if they got to my 11-year-old. That's right. Who brought it to me at the breakfast table. That's right. That's right. They're definitely marketing to the right people. That's right. But there's so much to go over. I wanted to say something about the food. Oh, is it true that Bayer Bought Monsanto Bought Monsanto? Yeah. So one of the biggest drug companies in the world, but one of the biggest chemical companies in the world. Yeah. Yeah. That's spraying our food with everything. Yeah. Getting us sick. Yeah. By the day. And then where do we go back to the medical companies? That's right. Well, it's actually, actually there makes some of the drugs for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Oh, wow. And there's been multiple lawsuits that have in one.


Yeah. Wasn't There just one? Yeah. $2.1 billion settlement for glyphosate, which is Roundup or basically an herbicide that is sprayed on 70% of crops. That is in most of our bodies and most of our urine. When I tested this and you can see it, it's pretty scary. And they basically, on one hand caused the disease and then they, on the other hand, treat it with the drugs on the other hand, sick. It's a good business model's. Glyphosate really scares me. Yeah. Because o one of the things you don't think about, even if you try to eat healthy, back to that guy who's carrying around his food everywhere. Yeah. That billionaire. Yeah. Is what about when you go out to eat? You don't know You Don. What about when your kids go to school? You don't know. I mean, it's true. I mean, you can, You know, have your own garden in the backyard, but if you out to eat, if you're out in the road, I mean, like you and I are out there doing stuff you can't always control your food's coming from, unless you're a billionaire with your own private chef in your kitchen that flies around with you on your jet.


Yeah. And then I then I then I met with a super billionaire who had his own cows. He, he got his own meat from his own cows that were like, I mean, like there are so many levels that you go in this, but keep going. You don't know. 'cause like in the restaurant Yeah. Those vegetables are probably treated with Roundup. Yeah. They're probably, they're not getting organic vegetables in the restaurant. Probably. You're probably not getting grass fed beef. Probably not. They're not getting pastured chicken. No. So it's like you need to eat at home. Yeah. That's expensive. Yeah. It's harder. People are busy. Yeah. It's it to the point of it's, it's also overwhelming. Yeah. It's all but, You know, m and there's not an ac it's not an accident that Americans have been disenfranchised from their own kitchens. This is a deliberate plan by the food industry to make convenience king happen in their early sixties.


They were worried about the advent of this woman named Betty, who was a home ec teacher, was teaching about families how to cook and grow gardens. And they, Ms. Crocker? No. Oh, I'll get to that. Okay. I'll get to that. But You know, there was federal extension workers that were teaching young families how to take care of themselves and actually do the things that are not that hard if You know what to do. Yep. And so the food industry freaked out about this, and they invented Betty Crocker, who was not a real person. I thought she was a real person. I didn't know that. Yeah. She was not a real person. Didn't You tell me Aunt mom was not real. She's not real. But Betty Crocker cookbook, if you remember it, because you probably had it in your mom's kitchen. Yeah. I don remember I had one can of Campbell's cream of mushroom souped your casserole. Yes. Had one roll of Ritz crackers.


They insinuated processory. It was delicious though. Okay. All right. But it was like they insinuated all this crap into our diet and then they, and then they got TV dinners and then, You know, we got, You know, leave. You deserve a break today. We got fleischman, margarine and tang and all these foods that were, we thought Twinkies. Right. Twinkies. Like I grew up on that stuff, You know? Yes. And it turns out that this was not an accident. This was a deliberate attempt to, to sort of, you deserve a break today. It was sort of the classic thing where, where, and women's lib also kind of facilitated that 'cause like get women outta the kitchen and women's liberation. And No one was in the kitchen at all. Right. That's right. And so we had now have generations of Americans who don't know how to cook, who don't have basic life skills. I was, I was did a movie with with years ago called Fed Up, which was, yeah, I think it's on Netflix.


Yeah. Yeah. It was about childhood obesity. And it was talking about these issues. And it's part of the movie. I went down to South Carolina into one of the worst food deserts in America in Easley, South Carolina. I worked with a family of five who lived in a trailer on food stamps and disability. So they had very limited resources and very limited access to good food. And the mother was, You know, m weight, the father was already at 42 on dialysis for kidney failure from type two diabetes. And the son was like 50% body fat. A kid should be 10%. He was big guy. He's like, Dr. Iman, am I gonna be a hundred percent body fat? I'm like, no you're not. Aw. He was so sad. And I said, I'm not gonna give them a lecture. I'm gonna go to their kitchen and I'm gonna show them what's in their, their pantry. I'm gonna show them what's in their freezer and in their fridge, and I'm gonna help 'em understand the things that are harming them.


'cause they're thinking, they're trying to do the right thing. 'cause they want the father to lose weight or they can't get a new kidney. So rather than give 'em a lecture, I taught 'em how to cook a simple meal called, And it was from a little guidebook called Good food and a tight budget Food That's good for you, good for your wallet and good for the planet. And it was like cheaper cuts of meat, cheaper vegetables. I mean, You know, stuff that, You know, would be considered sometimes peasant food that my family grew up on. And I, I did it with them and I didn't know it was gonna happen. And the mother texted me a week later, she says, we lost 18 pounds of family and a year they lost 200 pounds. You know, they didn't even have cutting boards and knives. Everything was, You know, microwaved or whatever. And, and they did it and they learned how to cook. And they, I gave 'em a cookbook and was just, it was like, I was like, wow. We're one meal away from transforming society.


And I realized I had a bias, I had a judgment. I thought people who overweight and I bought the implicit bias in medicine, which is eat less and exercise more. Meaning it's your fault. You're fat. Yeah. You're a lazy glutton and it's your fault. So get your shit together. Yep. But that's not true because people are hijacked, their biochemistry's hijacked their brain's can hijacked, their metabolism is hijacked, their hormones are hijacked, their immune system hijacked, their microbiome's hijacked. And that drives you into this disease state that we have in America today. And so, and, and this kid was a 16-year-old. He lost 50 pounds, had to go get a job, And it was no place to get a job except fast food places on there. He gained 50 pounds back. No, he says like, putting alcoholic to work in a bar. Yeah. You know? Totally. And then he, he, he, he texted me later, he is like, Hey, would you help me? And I helped him. He lost 132 pounds.


First kid in his family to go to college, finished college emailed me and said, Hey, Dr. Hyman, would you write me a letter of recommendation for medical school? And now he's a doctor. Oh my God. I don't get chills. So, and I, yeah. That's, to me that story is, is, is is emblematic of the fact that we're literally one meal away from transforming the health of America. If we can go in and, and, and Paul Farmer did this with TB and AIDS in Haiti. It was an intractable problem. You know, they didn't have clean water, they didn't have citation, they didn't have watches. And these drugs are complicated to take back then. And for multi-drug resistant TV and aids. And he was like, we can fix this. And he was community health workers, neighbors helping neighbors. And so we, we like, imagine if we created a workforce of, of community health workers to go out there and go into people's homes and show 'em how to do this.


And we did this in Cleveland Clinic. We, we did this with, with Chris There. Honestly, we, I have the idea. We should take all the DEI instructors Yeah. Who are about to lose their jobs. Yeah. And train them in nutrition and send them into all communities and, and educate people on how To It's true. I mean, I'm, I was shocked. I was at Cleveland Clinic and, and we, there was a hospital there that takes care of a, a big African American community that's very underserved. And we had a cooking class and I thought a few people would show up. 300 women showed up. Oh God bless them. And we, we had this big cooking class. That's What I need too. I Need it just for, Just to make food. Period. Nevermind. Healthy food. All right. We're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back with Dr. Mark Hyman after this. Plus a special function health discount for our audience. That's exciting. Standby.


You might have heard about this new brand called XX XY Athletics. They are the only athletic brand that is standing up for women's sports. It was founded by former elite gymnast and longtime Levi's executive Jennifer say the first gymnast to speak out about the abuse in women's gymnastics. Then she pushed back on lockdowns and closed schools during COV. And for that she was canceled by corporate America. Nice. So she started her own brand. It's called XX XY Athletics. And it is the only athletic brand that actually knows men cannot become women. And it's not a gimmick. They make world-class products from the softest sweats to performance wear, including leggings, bike shorts, dresses for golf and tennis, and workout tees that hold up to the toughest workouts. Check 'em out@thetruthfits.com or XX dash XY Athletics dot com. Use the code MK 20 for 20% off your order. Support brands that align with your values. Go to the truth fits.com and don't forget the code. MK 20.


Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed Food, housing, auto Insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


We have Dr. Mark Hyman with me for the full show today. He's the co-founder of Function Health. And I wanna tell you that you can go to function health.com/megan or use the code Megan 100. Is it slash a I'm reading in the prompter. Is that a Oh, so it's not just slash Megan, it's function health.com/a/megan. Alright. So you have two slashes in there slash a slash megan, like function health a megan function health.com/a/megan. And that will get you a hundred dollars off your function membership. Or you can just use the code Megan 100 on checkout to get it. So Doc, what does that do for people? Well, it gives you an unlock for your health and the way that you've probably never had it. And testing things that your doctor probably doesn't even know about. Doesn't, And won't, It should, it shouldn't, it should be tested. Or that you might ask and won't test. Right. Like your vitamin D level. Why should You know that, for example? And, and for a dollar 37 a day and less with your discount, you get deep insights about what's going on with your biology from your metabolic health and how your blood sugar regulation is to your cardiovascular health, your hormones to environmental toxins like lead and mercury to your deep, deep analysis of your nutritional status. Things that you're, I mean, we, we, we literally worked with Quest and we broke their testing for essential fatty acids for Omega-3 machines. 'cause we were doing such a volume where wow. One of their number one clients, we do cancer screening, gallery screening, which is quite amazing to look at cancer detection. We found one in 180 of our members who's tested have a undiagnosed cancer, which you can what detect in a blood test now. Oh, That's amazing. And it's more accurate than many other screening tests we have. And it's something that should be available to everybody. And we're, we're one of the number one providers in the world for this. So it's, it's unlocking things that you'd have to go through the firewall of medicine to get. And then on the back end, you not only get your results, but you get deep insights about what they mean. They Give you like a printout of Exactly. This is what we That's right. You're, you're high on this and this is what you should look into. Well It's a beautiful dashboard that you can track your data over time. And then, You know, as a physician, when I see a patient, I have to pull up the PDF of the results and then look at the one from last year or last month. And it's a pain in the ass. It's not digi digital. It's not visual, visually like presented in a graphic way that helps you understand where your trend lines are and function has all that. But more importantly, it really has the deep insights that are informed by all the scientific literature in the world. I mean, imagine your documental read every scientific paper that was ever published. Right? Right. Now technology can do that. Right. Imagine having the knowledge experts informing what things mean from all domains. And imagine it being informed by your data, your personalized data, so you actually can understand what it means for you. Well, what and then what to do about it and how to act on it to up level your health. What Happens if I have a question like who do I call? Well, we're, we're still building the platform. 'cause we literally launched two years ago. We have a success that we never quite imagined, but we're building a, a chat where you can interact with your own data and ask questions. But, but you can go to your family doctor or you can, You know, go on, on, on to learn more from the platform itself because there's so much, You're not dispensing medical advice there, but you are giving people tools to go to their Own. Well we're giving deep insights about what things mean and there are, there are medical insights, but we're not telling you what to do or not to do. Yeah. But, but, well This leads me to my other important question, which is how do people find a functional medicine doctor? Good question. We need more of them. But I think part of the reason I co-founded function was that there aren't enough. There's, You know, thousands, there should be hundreds of thousands of practitioners so that millions and millions of people can access this, but be before I die, I didn't want to die not having functional medicine being ac accessible to everybody or having their, their own health data being available to everybody. And so it's way of leapfrogging over a period where we don't have the infrastructure yet. And we will, I promise you, we will, Megan, have


the future of medicine come to pass as the way it should be. Just as we now don't any longer do blood leeches or Right. Although we do for some wound healing or we don't have like, drill holes in people's skulls to let out the bad evil humors. I mean, we, we advance in medicine and I think, You know, this new generation of network systems medicine, it's going to this scientific paradigm. It's going to come to pass. This May makes it exciting. I think accelerate me school in today's day for sure. It's like this is, this is a way of truly healing people and helping people get better. Yeah. As opposed to just, you're going in, you're gonna be governed by the insurance companies. Yeah. You've been upper limited on how much you can make and how much you can help. Yeah's not inspirational. And doctors need to learn message. Like, I mean, food is the biggest cause of disease and the biggest cure.


And, and doctors learn nothing about it. And in Texas, nothing. Nothing. And Texas, I was, I was testifying in front of the Health and Human Services committee about a bill that was to actually start to educate doctors about nutrition and to mandate it in medical schools and in graduate medical education residencies. I'm so excited about that. 'cause that'll be a domino effect. Yeah. Once, once start state starts to do it, it'll sort of be a trend. And, and then we can actually start to train the new generation of doctors that is in the right paradigm. And nurses too. I mean, nurses, nurses, Every every, every Health nurses do this. There's so many people who can do this, who, You know, short of getting an md Yeah. Which would be like more accessible and more affordable for a lot of people too. So you've me mentioned it several times, the keto diet. I've had it mentioned to me many times.


I, I don't understand it still. What is, what is it? No, I, I've, I think I've looked it up And it says it's more like fat. Well, It's pretty easy to understand. So your body is like a hybrid car. You can run an electric or on gas. Gas is dirty, burning electric, sling burning gas is carbohydrates. So your body runs very well in carbohydrates. But there's a lot of downstream consequences of having a high starch carbohydrate diet for certain conditions. And this was first discovered in medicine with epilepsy. We found that, that if you took away all the sugar and starch and you increased fat to like 75%, you could actually stop seizures that no medications would touch. If you look back at the history of medicine and diabetes treatment of type one diabetes where your pancreas was shut down, That's serious.


All these kids would die and the way they would treat them would be putting 'em on a 75% fat diet. Jocelyn, dr. Saturated or unsaturated Everything, You know, l butter. Wow. And I mean, by the way, Megan, 25% of breast milk is saturated fat. Yeah. So it's gotten a bad wrap. Saturated fat. It's gotten a bad wrap. I mean we can go into that too if you want. But, but what was fascinating back in, in, in the, in the teens and twenties was there was med medicine was actually prescribing ketogenic diets for type one diabetics to save their lives. And, and, and now we've, we see that we can actually reverse what is predominantly a carbohydrate intolerant society where we have 75% overweight, 93% metabolically broken, meaning they have some problem with regulating blood sugar and insulin.


93% of us, I mean 6% of us aren't probably you and me are about 6%. Wow. But it's not a lot of people. And, and when you, when you restrict carbohydrates and you increase fat, you actually switch basically from a gas burning car to a electric burning car. And it's clean burning. But now we're finding it's effective for reversing type two diabetes for treatment of Alzheimer's for cancer. Sidart, Siddhartha Muji may have heard of him. He's a famous oncologist from Columbia, written a book called The Emperor of All Mal Maladies won the Pulitzer Prize. He's now doing research on ketogenic diets for end stage cancer like melanoma and pancreatic cancer. And seeing complete reversals. What, because yeah, because basically cancer runs on sugar, but it's not like a hybrid engine.


It can only run on carbs. It can't run on fat. So you starve it of this carbs and cancer cells die. It's pretty remarkable. So across the spectrum, whether it's autism or Alzheimer's or cancer or type two diabetes or schizophrenia or depression or bipolar disease, How does this, how does this jive with the old eat food? Mostly Plants? Not too much. Not too much. Yeah. I think it, it, you can do it on a plant rich diet and you can do it in a way that doesn't include a lot of junk. And so you just Put a lot of olive oil over your Olive oil, over your salads. Avocados. Yeah. Nuts and seeds. And even, You know, people do well, I mean, I, I think, You know, you have to understand that there's certain people who do better or do worse depending on their genetics.


And so I had a patient who was overweight, who was struggling with lots of inflammation, who was pre-diabetic, whose cholesterol was like 300. It should be 200. Her triglycerides were 300, should be a hundred or less. Her good cholesterol, we don't really like to call it good or bad, but the HDL was low, which is a sign of this metabolic dysfunction. And she was desperate to try to do something. This is the pre ozempic era. Yeah. Right. I said, listen, why don't you try genic diet, see what happens, and let's follow your numbers and see how you do everything corrected. Her cholesterol dropped a hundred points. Her triglycerides dropped 200 points, or HDL went up 30 points. She lost, You know, 25 pounds and she felt great and so, and her pre-diabetes went away. So depending on the person, it can be a very effective tool, but it's not like a one size fits all.


Why is, are the, is that much fat bad for like somebody who has heart disease In the family or something? There may. There may be. But there's a, actually a paper coming out soon, which looks at what we call lean mass hyper responders. There are certain people who, when you have a perfect sort of metabolic health, in other words you have no pre-diabetes or insulin resistance and no inflammation and you, you're fit athlete and you have basically a lot of lean mass and not a lot of fat on your body. When they consume high saturated fat or ketogenic diets, they'll have a really dramatic increase in their LDL cholesterol. Mm. Now this is something that doctors have been trained is bad, and that you immediately have a knee jerk reaction to prescribe a statin drug, which is the number one class of drugs sold in the world.


Now some of these people have LDLs not under 70, which cardiologists would like, or even under a hundred, which is their lab reference range. But they have LDLs of two or 300, 400, 500, 700. Oh big. And they have no heart disease through imaging tests. Right. 'cause like the calcium score, calcium Score. And so this is like a revolutionary new bit of data that's now emerging from the scientific literature. Like what is going on here? How does this work? Well, when you don't eat sugar, you have to transport energy around the body. And how do you do it through fat? Right. And what is the biggest fat carrier? It's your lipoproteins, which are fat and, and, and, and water don't mix. Right? So you can't just put fat in your blood. You have to connect it to proteins. So what is LDL? It means low density lipoprotein.


It's a lipo means fat protein. So you put fat and protein together, it can be transported through your body for energy and other sources. So it's really, it's fascinating. The science iss constantly evolving. And I think for certain people, ketogenic attacks can be life changing. Like life changing. I've treated schizophrenia with it, treated Alzheimer's with it, autism with it, depression with it. Wow. Obviously type two diabetes with it. And you can reverse up to 60 to 70% of type two diabetes. That's very advanced where people are on insulin. When I was in medical school, chronic diseases were chronic. They never went away to reverse heart failure, to reverse diabetes, to reverse kidney issues, to reverse hypertension. These things don't happen in traditional medicine. Where What about the thought of mixing the keto diet with Mediterranean?


'cause that's the other one that everybody loves Mediterranean. Yeah. Well, and you can eat Mediterranean diet, but that's not necessarily a, a ketogenic diet. Okay. Ketogenic is a very specific thing that happens in your body. Do you, do you go on keto like forever? I just, I eat, You know, some people do. Some people do and they thrive on it. Other people don't do well on it. So I think it's very individual Like try it for a month and get your inflammation under Control. You, you need about, You know, usually six weeks to adapt, to become fat adapted to your metabolism, shifts over and then you can see where you're at and then check your numbers. But You know, there's a company called Virta Health that's reversing type two diabetes with an online program of ketogenic diets. And not only have they seen 60% reversal, not only they've seen 12% weight loss, which is massive. It's as good as any of these drugs that are out there now.


That, and actually they've done a parallel study like comparing just, You know, their program to ozempic and those drugs and they're equally effective in, in the outcome. So it's not something magic about ozempic, it's the weight loss, You know, and it's the, it's the change in metabolic health. And so you can do it for various various ways, whether it's a drug or whether it's where it's a genic diet. And they found their lipid biomarkers that over 20 different cholesterol and, and heart disease risk factors all got better by eating a super high fat diet. Right. So what, What, and again, so you're saying but also saturated fat. So like what that would be like red meat, like the fat on that you get? Well, like, I'm trying to think what's, what's good for you? Saturated fat. I know bad for you. Saturated fat is in the ultra processed foods.


Well trans fat is basically the worst factor. Fat. Yeah. That's the worst. You can do fat. And that's basically vegetable oil shortening and they call it shortening 'cause it shortens your life. You know, You know How many things call for that by the way, having like a daughter who's in eighth grade every time she has to make brownies or cookies for the school. Sure. You know? Sure. All of at once actual vegetable oil. Yeah. And like, she's like, I don't know if you can use olive oil. I'm, I'm like, you're using it, You know, it's Olive oil cake. Yeah. I mean Yeah, it's fine. Actually. It tastes a little different. I, I for sure confess. Sure, for sure. But it's healthier I think. Yeah. Yeah. You can. And so, so You know, the, there's, there's a tremendous amount of emerging data that saturated fats aren't the boogeyman we thought they were. You know, there was, it was a long history of, of the scientists named Ansel Keys in the sixties who basically did this study called the Seven Country Study, which showed that people who had higher levels of saturated fat at higher LDL and higher heart disease risk.


But they left out the other 14 or 15 countries where their data didn't match that like Switzerland or France or Right. So they were like, I was cherry picking a little bit. And then we got into this era of low fat and that led to the food pyramid, which told us to eat six to 11 servings of bread, rice cereal, and pasta day. Yes. Which we did. That was like a dutiful population. That was Good. I mean, that was a nice time. Let's be honest. We did, this was a good old days dutiful citizens and what happened to America? We exploded In That's sourdough. I need more that. That's right. Well, sourdough iss not so bad. But, But we, the diabetes rates explode. I mean, we've tripled the obesity rates. So we've tripled the diabetes rates. I mean Yeah. You can see it. I mean, this is not a genetic problem. I mean, do you See, you see those memes online where they show Americans in the 19 hundreds and they, they're all for all, they're well-dressed and second of all, they're all slim.


Yeah. All of them are slim. Yeah. It's very rare to see an obese person. Absolutely. Even in the United States. Absolutely. A hundred years ago, and not Even a hundred years ago. I mean the, the African Americans in the sixties were healthier than white Americans. They were thinner and they had less disease. Now it's the, the opposite. You know, we saw Covid attack certain communities like it Yeah. Like New Orleans or Chicago. And there were 70% of the deaths were from 30% of the population, which was African American. And, and when you watch, like there's a movie called Amazing Grace with are Aretha Franklin, it was filmed in 1970 in Oakland. There wasn't an overweight black person in the audience and she wasn't overweight. Mm. Wow. And and you go like, whoa. Wow. That's crazy.


And now 80% of African women are overweight and obesity rates and, and heart disease rates and hypertension rates and kidney failure rates for exceed the, the, The, and you can tie this to ultra processed foods and to the demonization of fat and, and elevation of sugar. Yeah. Yeah. And, and that was the problem. And now we've kind of, kind of reversed that trend. And I think, You know, it's, it's a, it's a big sort of tanker ship to move. But we, we have to do it because we're, we're, we're not only threatening our personal health, we're threatening our national security. 70% or 77% of recruits for the military are rejected because they're unfit to fight 'cause they're overweight or other reasons because of their diet. You've got global competitors being a challenge.


We're like 30 something in math and reading in the world because kids are can't learn in school 'cause they're all doped up on these drugs and need sugar and these chemicals in the food that are causing a DD behavior issues and all sorts of things. And Depression. And depression. I've heard you talk about this too. Yeah. This is like everybody, you go to a therapist today, whether it's you or a child, the first thing I wanna do is prescribe you something. They, they wanna get your college age kid hooked on a drug like that. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, they've helped a lot of people. There's no explanation of, no one would ever ask, what are you eating? No, no one. No one. It's true, it's true. I mean it's, it's, it's the most amazing thing to me. 'cause it's so obvious. But as doctors we learn that, You know, disease really doesn't have anything to do with nutrition. If you go to your rheumatologist and autoimmune disease, they, oh, it's nothing to do with nutrition.


If you go to GI doctor, I mean, I, I like What do you Mean a GI Doctor? I mean, think about it. You're putting pounds of this foreign stuff in your mouth every day. How does it not impact what's going on in your gut? Right. Right. It's like, it's kind of Crazy. So, I mean, if you're feeling depressed or you're feeling anxiety, rule number one should probably be take a look at what You're eating. Yeah. Eating. Yeah. What are you eating? Yeah. I mean I have have an in incredible approach to one of my patients where I put 'em on a reset program. It's like hitting your body's factory reset button. So go to back to your original factory settings. Yeah. And I, I called the 10 day detox diet. I've, I've written a book about it. There's a website where you can kind of go and 10 day detox diet.com and actually learn about it and, and do it if you want to. And it, and, and what's amazing is that in 10 days that there's a 70% reduction in all symptoms from all diseases.


What sounds crazy for me to say it, but I've done this so many times with so many people and track their symptoms and how they feel And it, it, it allows 'em to see the connection, meaning what they're eating and how they feel. Oh, I didn't know that this constant congestion I had was from when I was eating. I didn't know that this rash that I got on my body all the time I can't get rid of is from what I mean, I didn't know that my stomach issues are related to my, or my sleep issues or my depression or my migraines or whatever it is. Food is generally the first place to look. And if you can clean the deck and take out the bad stuff and put in the good stuff, You know, take out all the processed foods, all the sugar and starch put in, You know, lots of vegetables, good, healthy, You know, protein, lots of nuts and seeds and get out all the ultra processed foods.


The body is so smart. It's like quickly changes. And I, I'm sort of sh I'm sort of shocked when I see it And it, it's repeatable every single time. Can we Talk about red meat? There's there a lot of people who are on this like carnivore diet. Yes. There's hardcore red meat all the time. Yeah. We've Got a good friend vegans and the carnivores on one side. Yeah. No. And we've got a good friend who's Argentinian and he is like, every single member of my family had LDLs through the roof And no heart disease. And they lived into their low hundreds. Yeah. And they, all they did was eat steak. Yeah. Well's It, well they had grass fed steak in Argentina and Yeah. Right. And so there's no industrial Formula. But what's, I mean, when I was growing up in like the eighties Yeah. They were like, I remember 'cause I was a, a young aerobics instructor Yep. And my fellow aerobics instructors were shaming themselves Yeah. For having meat more than once a week. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I didn't even know that was bad.


Well That was a result of this demonization of saturated fat because meat has some saturated fat. So if you eat that, you're basically gonna hurt, kill yourself. So there's a whole era where people were eating very low amounts of meat and our meat consumption has gone weaned down. And And it didn't mean that all the disease rates went down. Yeah. So something didn't kinda line up. And, and, and what happened with meat is that we, we kind of got confused 'cause a lot of the population studies that were done at that time and population studies do not show cause and effect. They just look at trend lines and they, it may be a cause or it may be a correlation. And, and what they found was that people who were meat eaters in those eras actually had more disease. But when you look at the specifics of, of their behaviors, the meat eaters in those studies, they ate 800 calories more a day.


They drank more. They didn't eat their fruits and vegetables. They eat more sugar. They didn't exercise. They smoked. Yeah. There you go. That's why they were sicker. It wasn't 'cause of the meat. And when you look at studies, for example, when they've done this with 11,000 people who shopped at health food stores who were rather, You know, omnivores and ate meat or vegans or vegetarians. They both had their risk of death reduced in half. It's 'cause they weren't eating all the crap. Right. So it's not the meat, it's what you eat with it. Is it the, is it the burger or is it the bun And the sugar? You know, I have to, I just noticed this the other day. But for example, my kids love ice cream and I was Who doesn't I I was just looking at those. You can get those like dark chocolate bars at Whole Foods. I like the one that's like mint blackout. In any event it's it, if it's over 90% it know cao.


Oh yeah, yeah. Which is gonna mean it has less sugar and you can have four squares of that chocolate. Yeah. Which is a decent size. It's for the, You know, if you're watching this on YouTube, it's, it's like about this big. Yeah. Maybe a little smaller but about around there and it's only five grams of sugar. Yeah. Like if you really have a Jones for something sweet after dinner, that's okay. You could have that for five grams. Or you could have a big bowl of ice cream which might have 30 Yeah. Even more grams of sugar in there. Yeah. People don't even know what a gram. And then, I mean this is an example of how the food industry has taken over our, our government and, and labeling. And we're trying to change front of package labeling and food labels. But no one knows what a gram of sugar is.


If I say four grams of a teaspoon, if I say this soda has 15 teaspoons of sugar, you're gonna like blink and look twice. If you say it has 39 grams of sugar or 40 grams of, you're not gonna know what that means. No. And that's So Tea purpose Teaspoon is about four grams. Yeah. Okay. That's on purpose. Right. You know, I mean you have to have a PhD nutrition to decipher one of those labels. Right. They make it so hard for you. Make it really hard. So, so I think, You know, in other countries they have better front of package labeling, which is either red, this is gonna kill you, yellow eat with caution green, you can use as much as you want of it. Or You know, they put warning labels in South America. They have big like octagon stop signs with this skull. Grass, Bones. Yeah. Basically. I mean you go, I don dunno if you mean South America, your Skittles, if you go to on a plane in South America, you get your snacks.


It's like you can't eat any of 'em. 'cause they all have like three different giant stop signs on them with basically warning labels. It's A good idea. Yeah. I mean on a can of soda, which is a diet soda, they put in warning labels that says this is gonna harm your kid and it's gonna cause neurologic issues and don't drink it. Don't feed it to them. Oh My God. I mean, great. More like it. Yeah. Our executive producer has a third grader. He has two kids, but one of them is in third grade. And he has a question I bet a lot of our listeners have. Yeah. Which is what can you pack in a lunch that is healthy for a third grade child? And frankly for most children, because you try to send, try to send your kid to school with a bag lunch or send your kid on a field trip with a Bag lunch. Yeah. They'll trade it with the other kid for the junk food.


You know, and try and I, I too don't know where to begin. It's so hard. They're not gonna eat a salad first of all. No, you don't eat a salad. But there, there, You know, it's real, it should be real food. And there's lots of yummy things that kids can eat that they like, that aren't bad for them. And what we need to do is stop putting Lunchables and Go-Gurts and all these sort of industrially designed foods that aren't technically food Because my doctor says yogurt is a lie. Right. He he doesn't mean non-fat Greek yogurt. He's talking about, You know, Or full fat Greek yogurt. No, no, he's not talking about that. He's not talking about, You know, yogurt that's not Sugary. Yeah. I mean, people don't realize that you can get your, your like, You know, sweetened yogurt, that low fat that has more sugar per ounce than a soda.


Yeah. But you can, You know what, I, I have this almost every day for breakfast. I have, I'll either get non-fat or 2% the phage Faye yogurt. Greek yogurt. You Can get the full fat Megan. It's okay. Can I get the full fat? I don't know. I I I don't wanna, You know, I'm a little worried. You can, you can, and I'll put like blueberries in there and I'll put some chia seeds in there and I'll put some hemp seeds in there. Yeah. 'cause I'm just, I don't even know why I'm just told those are good for you. They're pro they're protein I guess. Yeah. Protein and good fats. And sometimes I'll sprinkle just a little low sugar granola in there, which you can get with no seed oils on it. You gotta like Paleo granola now. Yeah. You gotta look for that, but not too much. Yeah. Because you don't wanna like completely overload it with, You know, sugary products or whatever. Yeah. But it's so good. Yeah. It's, it tides me over for hours. Yeah. And I love it.


And I know it's good for me. And if, You know, if you make your home a safe zone, you teach your kids about food, you cook with them, you show them what food's about, that's what they learn. Okay. But let's give them an actual possibility that could go In there. What could be in their school lunch. Yeah. What could go in there? I mean you could put like a, I don't know. I mean like you can make a sandwich outta healthy stuff. Right? You could have, I'm just blanking now 'cause I haven't packed my kids' lunch. Like, Like chicken. You can't, you can't do chicken nuggets can you? Or can you do like the organic ones that you get at a Yeah, You could do that. I mean you could do that. That are, that are not, You know, deep fried in the be but You can't get sliced deli meat. Right. No Sliced deli meat's not good. That's the devil. You know, the bologna sandwiches with mayo and Bread. I mean, you shouldn't be putting a sandwich in there. I mean, you could if it's, if it's whole grain bread and you, You know, You know the source of it.


I think the kids need to eat real food. And what's the problem is that they're not eating real food. And there are, there are great guides on how to do this. I'm, I'm like blanking on school lunches. 'cause basically I, well an apple, I an apple fruit cheese cheeses can be fine. We're okay with cheese. Yeah. Cheese can be fine. I prefer sheep or goat cheese. What else? Steve, what else do we need? Do we need to know? Hold on. We see if there's a follow up. What, what kind of meat? Yeah, what kind of meat in the sandwich? Like real I eat but Turkey, sliced Turkey roast beef. Real, real Like not deli. That's no, not deli Turkey. 'cause that's like kind of ground up and mixed with all kinds of stuff. Like a chicken breast that you cooked yourself the night before in avocado oil. Something like that. That's pa that's pasture erased.


Yeah. Okay. It's just so much harder than it should be. You know, it's like Yeah. It's, Well the defaults are, are the wrong choices to how do we make the defaults easy choices and they're the right choices. Yeah. I don't know. I like, even in the summers, I'm sure a lot, there are a lot of parents out there who can relate to this. The summers, the family eating goes to hell. The kids daily eating. 'cause they're all over the place. You know, our kids go to this day camp and then they'll, they swing by the, the ice cream place that has a great menu, like a diner kind of place. And they're all eating just terrible food all day long. Yeah. I don't even know what the alternative is. You know, like without hiring a chef to live in your house and come up with healthy options for all three meals. You know, they'll, they're eating bagel with cream cheese in the morning and then they're eating like a cheese steak for Yeah.


For lunch. And then, You know, I, I'll get 'em for dinner. But yeah. It's so hard. It is. It is. And that's, that's the whole point of what needs to change in our policies to, to change the things from the top down so that we produce food that's healthier. That we have clear labeling on foods so people know what they're getting. That we have access in a way that we don't have now to, to healthier options. And so those, those things will take time. And I think that's what the Trump administration's trying to do. I hope they succeed. I think there's a sort of a tension between the USDA and HHS because the USDA basically is to support farmers and not necessarily support the health of Americans. And they essentially are creating all the diseases inadvertently that, that health and human services and Medicare and Medicaid are having to take care of.


So we have Be aware of the USD. So the, like the right hand is actually making the left hand jobs a lot harder. So What, what do you, how do you like RFK j's chances of succeeding in this job, given all these forces? He's got a lot of forces right. Against him. I mean, there's a multi-trillion dollar industry that is basically wanting him to fail. And that's threatened the food industry, You know, farming industry, You know, in the pharmaceutical industry. It's, it's not a small thing. And I think, You know, if President Trump gets behind him and supports him, I think if he's able to get clear on what his objectives are, if he's able to sort of get on the low hanging fruit and, and have the win, the easy wins, I think they'll win. So for example, getting all the s and chemicals out of food is starting to happen. Now. There's 30 plus bills around the country in different states.


Some of them, 10 of them I think are Democrat led. Some most rest are Republican led. And they're, they're, for example, to get rid of the chemicals and dies in food or to have snap waivers to get rid of soda and snap these things are happening. Or get nutrition education like in Texas for doctors or, You know, stop punishing kids by restricting recess and jam. You know, like if they need it. There's things happening that are sort of, the Maha movement is sort of catalyze this, this groundswell. And I, I'm sort of shocked. I mean, I, I never thought that It's awesome. I hear Cali means drop it all the time. He's like, you're gonna tell the Maha mom's out there that you won't take sugar out. And they like, it's great. He's using it and he should. Yeah. Because the, the Maha mom thing is real. Like they're out there and they're pissed off.


You're one about what's been done. I'm a hundred, a hundred percent mom ha. Happily and proudly because I, I'm pissed off about what the, what these industries have done to me, to my family, how hard they've made it for us all. How expensive they've made it for us. Why? Like, And the government's been sort of inclusion a little bit. Yeah. That's the problem. Why most people can't afford to shop at Whole Foods. It's very expensive. But Walmart is the biggest, but it's so hard to get organic fruit. Vegetable Walmart is the biggest organic grocer in the country. It is, it is the biggest organic, there's not a Walmart near me. That's why There are Walmart's near most of underserved populations. So I mean, I, I shop at Walmart and You know, during Covid I I was helping different people who couldn't get food. I would go get food. I was like, wow. I can fill up in a giant like grocery cart full of real food That's good for 500 bucks.


Grass fed beef and all That. Like a giant Walmart cart. Like a regular grocery cart. Yeah. Not grass fitness, but just like real food. Okay. You know, meat, vegetables, You know. How Important is the grass fed thing In the hierarchy of things? I think it's less important. Okay. I mean, it's more important to have regenerative agriculture to re rebuild our soil and to, to rebuild farms in terms of your health. I think the kind of trade off between eating real food and eating processed food, I would skip the organic and I would skip the, okay. I mean I, this might sound like heresy, but in terms of like having a choice if you can't afford it. Yep. I would, I would always choose the the Relative sense. Yeah. The real food versus the processed food, Whatever. Back to r kj, they definitely wanna destroy him. And so one of my feelings is for the next four years, hopefully he decides to keep the job that long.


We need to be super wary of hit pieces on him. Oh yeah. Because the odds are they've been planted by one of his detractors just in the news now they're trying to blame him for this measles outbreak down in Texas. Right. In a community of Mennonites. Right. Who don't take vaccines and never have That's right. Long before Bobby Kennedy Came on the scene. Right. Yeah. Nevermind. Became HS secretary. It's like he went down there out of empathy to this I was funeral. Right. And they're like, you, you are to blame. Yeah. But I do wonder, like that kind of story gets amplified. Yeah. And I don't think it's totally organic. Oh, it's not. I mean it's it's really not. I mean it's sort of, sort of insidious. I mean the, the, with Dr. Ozzy did this, New York Times published a piece on him years ago taking him down because this group called the American Council in Science and Health had a, wrote a letter to Columbia to take him off the faculty.


'cause he was a quack. And there was, You know, like sort of eight or nine doctors on the letterhead that was from the American Council on Science and Health. When you look at who that group is, they're funded by the pesticide industry, by the big food manufacturers, by big pharma, by tobacco. Wow. And, and they basically say that pesticides, cigarettes and trans fats are fine. We shouldn't worry about them. I remembered this and they come after me. Is It because he was pushing supplements on his show? Like as, as an advertiser? I mean, Maybe because but he maybe, but he, You know, he also was challenging things about the food system. Yeah. Oh no, I I'm saying that's the excuse they Found to come, to come from him. Yeah. And, and when you look at who that group was, like, one of the guys spent years in jail for Medicare fraud. You know, like, oh my God.


And, and I was sort of shocked that the New York Times is an investigative journalist, You know, outlet. I thought, And it wasn't, they, I mean it took me like 10 minutes to figure out who these people were by Googling them Yeah. And what their backgrounds were and why they had this opinion and what this group was about. And there's so many of these front groups out there that seem noble and high, high minded. The American council and science and health, who would not believe what they have to say. Right. Or like in, in another lane, the American Academy of Pediatrics. Yeah, A hundred percent. We Used to trust and now should not Hundred percent. All of everything, whether it's American Diabetes Association, American Heart Association, American Academy, pediatric state, some of them are doing, doing good things. But on the other hand, they're also funded in large part by pharma and food industry.


Well, why are, why are pediatricians still pushing the flu vaccine on us? And grownup doctors too? I talk with them. Those things, the grownups, it's those things that I do not understand. You know, in medicine and science, the whole point is to question your assumptions. And science is based on hypotheses that challenge given assumptions. So it's really about the questions. When you start to ask questions about vaccines, you're all of a sudden a heretic and you're, oh, the YouTube Leaving our video right now for real information about vaccines. Go to the CDC. Yeah. You're, you're excommunicated as a scientist, as a doctor, when I was at Cleveland Clinic, I, I had written an article years before I joined about a kid who was at autism that I treated.


And in the history, I said, this is the history and this is the kid had, You know, born by C-section or took antibiotics or had gut issues or this. And You know, the mother said she was a, a, actually a VP of Pfizer said, You know, by the way, You know, my kid had this MMR vaccine and after that he seemed to get regressive autism. And I'm not saying it was a cause, I'm just saying I wrote about it as part of the medical history. And then even at the, at the beginning of the article, he wrote a disclaimer. I said, I'm not saying vaccines cause autism. I'm just saying like, this Is part of the story. Part of the Story. And the, this kind of got up through the drinks at Cleveland Clinic and the pediatric department said, you have to write a letter. Oh my God. Stating that you are a hundred percent in support of vaccines or you're basically fired. What? Like that's the kind of, that's the kind of thinking in medicine and whether you're Jay Bot who got, You know, kind of blacklisted or you, you're people who start to question things, we should be asking questions.


And when you look at vaccine history, there's great benefit. But also we should be honest, there are like any other medical treatment that has benefits and risks with the Covid vaccine. We saw myocarditis and other issues. I mean, young adults who got vaccinated more than once, had a greater risk of myocarditis from the vaccine than they got from Covid. That's just, that's published in major peer-reviewed journals. This is not a heretic Yeah. Not a her heric opinion. But What's so annoying about it. So now you can say it because it's been published and so on, but at the time when we were first seeing signs of it Yeah. And you had like pediatric cardiologists coming forward to say, hold on, I'm seeing this. Yeah. You even then when they knew something might be developing, they completely stifled debate. That's right. Or outing of those concerns. That's that's that's when it was most needed.


Yeah. And but also most banned, You know, where like you couldn't talk about That. Yeah. It's kind of nuts. I mean I, I think it's just that we can't trust the American public to deal with the nuanced conversation. To teach them about the benefits and the risk to help 'em understand the difference between sterile immunity and disease immunity. Sterile immunity. You get measles vaccine, you're never gonna get measles. In fact, disease immunity is, you get a vaccine like the flu vaccine or covid vaccine, you reduce your risk of getting the disease or the severity of disease or hospitalization or death. That's a very different thing. So when they say it's safe and effective, that's a trope that doesn't make any sense. Nothing in medicine is safe and a hundred percent effective or a hundred percent safe. Whether it's, You know, getting an injection for a procedure, you can potentially get infection, you can get bleeding.


I mean, I mean I had back surgery and I, I, You know, after, You know, I had be huge bleed into my spine. It was, it wasn't doctor didn't do it on purpose, but it was a complication. But I risks. Yeah. So there are benefits and risks to anything in medicine, to any drug, aspirin. I mean we used to think aspirin was God's gift to mankind. People Were taking it every day To prevent, prevent heart attack. Everybody's take aspir to prevent heart attacks. And then the data started emerging. As doctors continue to ask questions, we should be asking questions, they go, oh, let's look at this again. So they looked at it again and they thought, oh shit. You know, like it's actually causing more deaths in people who are at low risk for heart disease from brain bleeds and gi bleeds, stomach bleeds than from preventing heart attacks. So let's, let's restrict the use of it to those who are at the highest risk, which is what we should be doing in medicine.


Constantly learning, evolving and growing. But when it comes to vaccines, you can't even ask the question. So, You know, I, I've been vaccinated, I have my kids vaccinated. I mean, like I don, I'm not anti-vaccine. I think they're an important part of our medical arsenal, but they're not like perfect. And they have problems and we should be studying this. Yeah. Nothing is above questions. Yeah. In medicine or shouldn't be. And You know what? We're in a new era where, And when people say it's, it's, it's, it's debunked. It's been settled. And these are just things that are so anti-science. Right. It's, it's amazing Those words should be retired. Exactly. But I mean, you look, we're now, we've got Trump, we've got Bobby, we've got Jay, But we've got Marty McCarey. Like we're, we're slowly but surely turning this aircraft carrier around. But it's gonna require like antenna for the attacks on them.


Yeah. And voices. And we're gonna have to get pissed off and follow the Cali means method of yelling at everybody. I told him he is gotta calm down now. He is getting in the, in the garbage. He's gotta like just chill out a little. No, never. I disagree. Callie, don't listen to Mark. Alright, standby. We're gonna take a break. We'll be right back.


If you are a homeowner, listen up. When is the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house. And the answer is probably never who goes and looks at that. The problem is, in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles. And your equity is the target criminals. Forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name and you don't even know about it. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. So stop what you're doing and find out today if you are already a victim. Use promo code megan@hometitlelock.com to make sure your title is still in your name. You'll also get a free title history report, plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they will spend up to $1 million to fix it. How about that? Go to home title lock.com. Now use promo code Megan, that's home title lock.com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you all back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option. April 15th could mark another tax year that has passed you by. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now. But listen, never contact the IRS alone. Instead, you could let the experts at tax network USA handle it for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free. Don't let the IRS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan. April 15th, just around the corner. Act now before the IS acts. First,


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep us spectrum policy stuck in the past hoarding spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Now let's talk about the weight loss drugs because it seems like one of the first things that Trump did in the Maha Lane was to take them off of the Medicare. Medicare Yeah. And Medicaid too. Options. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And but that seems counterintuitive because being fat causes everything. It's true. It's, it's complicated. I mean, You know, Medicare Part D is the drug benefit for Medicare. It's $145 billion. If you treated all the obese people in Medicare with Ozempic, it would be I think $267 billion just for that. But Wouldn't it then lower the cost of all the other things they need? It might. It might, it might. But, but the question is, is there a different way to, to go about this? Mm. And can you get the same benefits and what is going on with our food system?


Yeah. And the causes of this. So it's easy to look for that quick fix or the quick jab. It's gonna solve all your problems, but it doesn't come without risks. So when you take these drugs, one, you might feel nauseous and not feel right. So that's probably why, how it works. It makes you not want to eat 'cause you don't feel good. Yeah. So who wants to rock around with that? And most people discontinue it after the first year. I mean it's, it's, it's a big discontinuation rate because of the side effects. Not only that, those are short-term, kind of short-lived side effects, But we see a 400% increase in bowel obstruction, which needs surgery. We see a 900% increase in pancreatic injury. We see increases in thyroid cancer. Let me be able debate that, whether it's just in animals or not. But it's still a concern. And you see people losing more half their weight as muscle.


Muscle is where your metabolism is. So here's the problem. You lose, let's say 50 pounds, half of that's muscle. You get off the drug. 'cause most people stop it. You came back the weight, then What? Now it's all fat. All fat. So then you could be the same weight you were when you started, Except a lot lair Metabolism. Oh, metabolism would be slower. 'cause muscle berms seven times the calories is fat. So you need to eat less at the same weight just to maintain that weight. So it's a slippery slope unless you are, and I think this is something that we've talked about in, in, You know, in some of the policy conversations we have had, if you're going to give this drug, it must be delivered along with a nutrition counseling program that makes you eat at least a gram of protein per ideal body weight.


So let's say per pound of ideal body weight. So let's say you're 120 pounds, You know, 120 grams of protein and a strength training program. So you keep your muscle and if you don't do that, there's a huge risk on the backside of This. You're gonna be skinny fat. Skinny fat. It's great Skinny fat. Yeah, I know it's a, it's a terrible situation. Nobody wants to be skinny fat. It's like you look good in clothes, but then when you take the clothes off, it's goes downhill fast. There's Another word for it called tophi, not tofu thin on the outside, fat on the inside. Oh yeah. Nobody wants that. That's fine. Until you get to beach season. And then it's, yeah. So these, these are an important advance in medicine, but they have to be prescribed intelligently. They have to be done on the right way for the right person. It's not a panacea for everything. And we have to fix our food system and we have to fix the reason why. Why we're, But you think morbidly obese come in person, come in to see you.


You wouldn't consider like saying you wanna check out ozempic, You know? Yeah, I think, You know, what did we do before this? You know, this woman working with me who's been working me on, on my non-profit for years, she's now the first lady in West Virginia. She lost over a hundred pounds just following some simple guidance that I gave her about what to do. She's a brilliant woman, but she didn't ever know about nutrition. I saw another woman at Cleveland Clinic who had heart failure, type two diabetes, high hypertension. She had multiple stents put in. She had fatty livers. Her kidneys were starting to fail. I mean she was on her way to her kidney and a heart transplant. And within three days, and this sounds crazy, but she was offered insulin by changing her diet in three months. She reversed her diabetes, her A1C, which is your average blood sugar, went from 11 to five and a half, which is normal.


Her heart failure reversed. We called the ejection fracture was how much blood you can pump out per minute. Again, that got back to normal from being low. Her kidneys got better. Her fatty liver went away. She got off her medications. She saved $20,000 in copay. I don't what Medicare was covering for her, but that was her copay. You save a lot of money and it's just about teaching people the basics of what to do. And most people don't know, like the family I was talking about, this was the pre ozempic area. Well a lot of People know and they just, they very hard. Some people do. It's very hard. Some people, But some people do and some people just don't know. And I think, You know, that's what IIII have changed over the years. I've, I sort of believe like, like I said earlier, that people who are overweight or who have these conditions, they know better but they just don't do it. No, it's More Than that. Don't, they don't know because the whole society has sort of made it hard for them to know.


I Gotta ask you, this is a a different category, But I gotta get this in EMF and rf. Yeah. This is like, should We be worried about it like wi wifi and Bluetooth And Yeah. And the nu and so-called dirty electricity coming out of your outlets. Yeah. How big of an issue is it? I don't know. I don't think that there's a lot of good data. I think there's some data that it, there may be some issues in human biology. When you think about it, we're electromagnetic beings and you have your heartbeat, your brainwaves. We can see the electrical signals. You know, I mean you, You know that if you go into certain areas, there's interference with your phone. So the stuff actually we know impacts our electromagnetic system. How it's linked to disease. You know how bad it is.


I think it's very hard to understand or study. 'cause you can't do a randomized controlled trial with this. Yeah. You can't like take pot. Wouldn't We all be coming down with cancer if well, exposure to wifi caused it? Yeah. I mean I, I think, I mean everybody, everybody, The thing is we are seeing increasing cancer rates. So people say, oh, heart disease deaths have gone down. Yes. 'cause we have better treatments. But has the incidences gone down? No. We've seen more people with heart disease, more people with cancer, more people with every single chronic disease, Alzheimer's, diabetes, you name it, autoimmune disease. It's getting worse across the board. And so it's multifactorial. It's not just one thing. And could it be a factor? Yeah. But I, I think, Do you think twice about having wi wifi in your house? No, I do, But I turn it off in my bedroom and I, and I know, and I noticed this, I mean this is totally anecdotal, but when I go camping or I'm sleeping outside, like I sleep better.


My, my whole wellbeing changes. And now it could be nature, it could be a lot of other things. But I always wonder if that, or sometimes even when the power goes out. 'cause You know, when the power goes out, sometimes it goes out for three or four days. Like, wow, I feel a lot better. I sleep better. You know? I mean it's kind of amazing. So that's anecdotal, But I, that's ing But I think, I think it's something we should study. What About that study? There's what you see, you see a headline every other day that young people, like people in their twenties are getting colon cancer at really alarming rates. Yeah. Yeah. Is that true? And do You know why it's a hundred Percent true? Yes, a hundred percent true. I think the why is a question in my view is that it's related to the change in our microbiome from our diet and from the increased load of environmental toxins. And, and that's probably driving most of it. What about antibiotics?


You know, you were talking about the one woman with the messed up microbiome and you mentioned you gave her antibiotics. I thought antibiotics caused a bad microbiome. Well, they can be good, they can be bad. So, so she had an overgrowth of bacteria called sibo, which is small intestinal and bacterial overgrowth. And she also had cifo, which is small intestinal fungal overgrowth. Oh. So sometimes you need to get rid of the bad guys. Like if you have a parasite, you need an anti parasitic medication. If you have, I would love to get a parasite. Every woman I know dreams of that. Yeah. Worms for weight loss. Yeah, exactly. It's our new company. Worms for weight loss. No, we Used to joke, my hairstylist and I were joking during the Covid pandemic, if Dr. Fauci would just say there's some ozempic in those covid vaccines, everybody would get them. Everybody would get it. Exactly. Every single woman on earth would be like, I'll take it.


I want all my boosters. It's true. Anyway, but You know, antibiotics have a role in medicine, But we, You know, we way overuse them. I mean, there's 29 million pounds of antibiotics to use in animal feed to prevent infection from more crowding. There's about a couple of million that are used for humans for therapy. So that's creates antibiotic resistance. It kills 700,000 people a year. It's kinda a big issue and it's a big, big problem. But You know, for certain indications, for example, like bowel overgrowth, there's specific antibiotics that are not absorbed that can be taken that are generally well tolerated and that you have to then rebuild the gut after. So you, You know, you have to use It. How hard is it to rebuild the gut after an antibiotics course? It's, it's not that hard. If you take probiotics, if you eat healthy diet, if you feed your microbiome phytochemicals and fiber it, it can come back.


Okay. Yeah. I've been taking this like shot, not, not for antibiotics, just because I was, I don't know, everybody says it's supposed to be good of raw. It's like, honey, what is it? Apple cider vinegar. Yeah. And some lemon. Yeah. It is the most disgusting. Yeah. I like you take it and you're like, oh yeah. Should I, is this important? Like What? I mean it can be, it can be good to change of pH your stomach, But I, I don't, I'm not a big subscriber to that. I, it, It's so painful. But I don't really like all that fermented stuff. They say that you should eat like sour and pickled this and pickled that. I don't know. Yeah. I like, I don't like this diet and I haven't sardines and I don't love my vinegar drink and I don't yogurt.


Wanna eat a bunch of sour. I like yogurt. Yogurt. I do like the yogurt. But yogurt's good too, right? I mean, can I do that instead of the apple cider vinegar? If it's not industrial yogurt? Yes. Okay. What's industrial? What do you Mean? I mean like, factory form cows that are pumpable antibiotics, hormones And it gets into the milk. Well, I don't even know how I found that out. I didn't even consider that. Well, You can buy organic, You know, yogurt. I don't think mine is organic. I have gotta go look at that immediately. Yeah. And you considered it. Okay. So in some we need to detoxify ourselves. We need to detoxify our environment. You mentioned mold, you mentioned lime. All the ultra processed foods by organic Yeah. Ultra processes. I mean, if you could get a message out that's simple, it's like, You know, if it's a food that you can't recognize or make in your kitchen with the ingredients that you have in your kitchen, you probably shouldn't eat it.


Don't eat it. If you don't have butylated, hydroxy toluene that you put on your vegetables or your string on your steak, don't buy food with it. Yeah. Better safe than store. It's almost Like you need to get rid of your pantry. I think we need a fridge biopsy for most people. Yeah. And a pantry biopsy. And we need to get rid of the stuff that's harmful. Yeah. And I, I think that's the, the thing that most people can do. They can look at their kitchen, go through everything. And I've, I've written a lot about this in my books, but how do you actually have a healthy pantry? How do you get rid of those things that are harmful? And if you go through there and look at the ingredients, if it's stuff you don't recognize, get rid of it. If you can't pronounce it, if it's in Latin, don't eat it. You know, like it has weird ingredients like multi You or your kids. Yeah. Or your kids. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So what you're saying is that my mom is serving me.


Wild Berry High Sea with every meal was not exactly the best choice. No, probably not, Linda, Probably not. Well this is where we went wrong. That's right.


Dr. Mark Hyman. It's a pleasure, pleasure Function Health is the name of the company and you guys gotta check it out. Again. It's Function health, right function health.com or function.com function health function health.com/a/megan. And that will get you a hundred dollars off your membership there. Well worth your time. Thank you all. Thanks And we'll talk to you tomorrow.


And Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.