
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly and welcome to this weekend special edition. Today I wanna bring you an interview I did this past week with one of former president Donald Trump's sons Eric Trump, who runs the Trump organization. It was his first time ever on the show, and in the wake of the second assassination attempt on his father's life. Yes. The second we talked about all the disturbing angles. Where was Eric when he got the news and how he wound up watching the arrest of the would be assassin.


He also opened up about what it was like for his young children. He's got little ones, and this is their grandpa when they witnessed the first assassination attempt while actually watching the rally. We are back tomorrow with the Vic Ramis Swami and also Bacha Ungar Sagan. Hope you join us. We'll see you then. Eric, welcome to the show. So sorry about what happened to your dad. How's he doing today? He's doing well. The guy's incredibly strong. I mean, you've known him forever, right? He is. He's a, he's a warrior. I spoke to him immediately after it happened, was one of the first people I knew. And, you know, he was in, he was in okay spirits. But, you know, honestly, I I, I'm almost not right. I'm, I'm sick and tired of seeing, you know, people try and take his lives.


It's, it's this, you know, second time in five weeks that this has been allowed to happen. Butler was an utter failure. You've done, I think, a better job probably Megan, than anybody on reporting on that. It should never happened. I mean, what happened there is just, it's, it's a breakdown of, of government in the worst possible ways. And then obviously you, you see what happened yesterday, and yesterday was ultimately a success, right? They got the guy ahead of time. They, you know, found out where he was and, you know, they, they saved somebody from utter catastrophe. But this has to stop. This has to stop. We can't allow people with, you know, ar fifteens with AK 40 sevens within 300 yards of the president. It, it has to stop. We have to do a better job.


You know, there's only, only so many kind of, you know, proverbial lives that you have before. Guess what? You don't get so lucky. You got incredibly lucky. And, and, and Faith was definitely with him, you know, five weeks ago. But it's only so many times you get lucky. And this isn't funny anymore. I mean, and I just want everybody to understand they are trying to kill him, Megan. They are trying to kill him. And it's one of the things that drives me crazy when you see Kamala on the debate stage, you know, this man's a threat to democracy. It's, you know, there's only one person that they're going after and they're going after him viciously. And they've gone after him in every single way. They've gone after him illegally. They tried to impeach him. They tried to take him off the ballot in states. They tried to take him off the ballot in Colorado and Maine.


They've gone after his family. They, they've gone after all of us thousands of times. You know, Megan, I'm probably the most subpoenaed person in the history of the country, and I've never done a damn thing wrong. They've done everything they could. They've, they've weaponized, you know, the judicial system, DAS ags, they've gone after him civilly and now twice in five weeks as we approach 50 days, you know, away from election day, they've tried to kill him. And, and, and they will stop at absolutely nothing. They are trying to kill him, Megan. And it's, it's deeply scary. And, you know, we, we government better do a good job protecting him. And, you know, sometimes I, I worry that they're not. Yeah, I understandably and for good reason. May I ask, how did you find that out?


The news yesterday? Yeah, I, a dear friend who was actually in the sheriff's department who ended up calling me, because, you know, obviously went across the, the radio. So, you know, as soon as shots were fired, he called me saying, Hey, you know, you might wanna figure out what the hell's going on. It looks like they just tried this for a second time. And so obviously I got on, you know, on, on the phone. And, you know, they, they, they were taking them off the, off the course. And that's how I found out. But it's, you know, coincidentally, I was driving south of 95. I actually took a personal video of the guy being arrested at the time. And then it's, it's interesting how, how small the world can be at times. But I'm driving south on 95, the police chase was going north on 95. And literally I drive by all the helicopters and all the squad cars that are arresting the very man that, you know, 15 minutes before tried to shoot my father.


It's, it's, it's interesting how the world works, But. It's, thank God they got him. And now apparently he's in federal court laughing in front of the judge. So, you know, that's the type of person that we're, we're dealing with. The reaction from the left last night, at least on the media has been, mm, there was an incident. That's what NBC reported. There was an incident at Trump's golf course. And oh, by the way, let's get back to cats and dogs in Springfield, Illinois, or Springfield, Ohio, and Trump's irresponsible rhetoric. Did you see any of that in your reaction? Yeah, that's part of the course for the media. I mean, we've, we've obviously found out Based on this whistleblower came forward with a, you know, signed affidavit that a BC gave the questions to Kamal Harris. I'd, I'd like to know where Bob Iger is on, on this whole thing.


I mean, you wanna talk about disgusting and, you know, that's part of the course for, for the media. You know, they may as well be, you know, the pr arm of the Democratic Party, you know, 100% of their, their coverage toward her is positive, despite the fact that she's the worst vice president in the history of this country. Bar none. It's not even close. And despite the, you know, the record my father had, you know, they're, they're a hundred percent negative against him. And it's, it's an absolute joke. Of course, they wanted, and I I, you see all these reports in the vicinity, you know, shots were fired in the vicinity. All right, let, let me just break this down. 'cause I know this property better than any person on on earth, maybe other than my father. I run these properties. You had a person who ran across a median, who ran across a massive lawn into, you know, a massive palmetto bushes, effectively was staged up against the fence, 200 yards away from where my father was.


He was on the fifth green, he was about to come down the sixth hole. This guy was in the middle of the sixth hole with Body Armor, GoPros, and a AK 47 on a fence line. Thank God the Secret Service saw him. And, you know, and then it's yes, a shooting in the vicinity of the president. I mean, they, they, they use every word that they possibly can to dumb down what this person was trying to do, which was to kill the 45th president of the United States to ex extinguish him from, from this earth. And, but that's part of the course. They don't want that story out there, right? They don't want this headline. They wanna do everything they can to, to bolster Kamala's, you know, campaign, which is not much of a campaign because again, she's just a horrible candidate.


But, you know, there, there was a, a meme going around, Megan, that the, the, the Will Smith slap literally lasted longer than the coverage of Butler Pennsylvania. And I think that's fairly accurate, and that's the media in this country today Is, I mean, the thing that struck me yesterday was your dad has a few pastimes. He doesn't drink, he doesn't smoke. So what does he do to burn off stress? And there must be a lot of it on him. He plays golf, which is a good thing to do. And now even that has been hampered by, this would be assassin. I mean, now your dad's not gonna be the same when he gets out. He's gonna have to worry about whether somebody's trying to take his life. Is that, in your view, a secret service failure, an intelligence failure, a a rhetoric failure by people who say he's Hitler?


What, what do you think? What are you blaming today? You know, it's a question that pains me an answer. And, and, and there's really two sides of it, Megan, the agents, and I know them. I know all the ones that were on the stage in, in Butler, Pennsylvania, and they did an awesome job. The ones on that stage did an awesome job. I mean, they were taking a bullet for him. And there were ones on that stage who were with me for three years. I know them personally. They're personal friends of mine, right? There were people that were out there with him yesterday, and they did a phenomenal job. They got him off that course so quickly. I mean, as the first shot went out there, they were pulling him off and they did a hell of a job. But somebody's gotta ask a question, what the hell's happening in the perimeter? I mean, what, what's happening in the perimeter? I mean, frankly, if I was an agent, I'd be screaming from the rooftops, right? You're putting great agents who are doing phenomenal jobs and have acted perfectly in that situation, but yet something is failing on the outskirts where you've had somebody with a rifle in Butler, Pennsylvania, 130 yards, somebody died and he got hit in a year, in this case, you know, two to 300 yards away with a, with an AK 47 propped up against a fence line.


There's only so much that body people can do. And, and clearly somebody on the outskirts is, is failing this mission because that should not happen. And, you know, I I, I hope to God somebody does a deep dive, and it, it hurts me to say that because again, the people who are around him are some of the greatest, finest people you'll ever meet in your entire life. I know them. I'm friends with them. I've, I've known them for, for years. And they would take a bullet and they, you know, would die for him. And many of them Based on the incompetence, frankly, Meghan have almost, I mean, they're in the line of, of, of fire and butler. There's, you know, multiple shots that went out. I, any single one of them could have gone killed. What is going on with the perimeter that's supposed to be around our world leaders? How can this possibly happen? 130 yards is a chip shot.


I I did a lot of competitive shooting. I one of my, you know, favorite things in the world to do. I mean, that's like making a four inch putt, 300 yards with a modern day rifle. This is not a ask any person who, who hunts deer, ask any person who's an outdoorsman, 300 yards with a modern day rifle. These are not hard shots. And yet, it's happened. You know what, twice in the last five weeks, you know, we better rethink our tactics and, and on, on every side, every person who is a political protectee in this country, we better rethink our tactics because whatever the hell we're doing right now, Megan, it's not working. It's not working. And there's not gonna be too many more chances before somebody gets awfully lucky, because these aren't hard shots. Hmm. One word on that, a, b, c affidavit to which you referred, we're actually gonna take a deep dive into that later in the show.


A, BC hasn't responded to our requests on whether they wanna deny any of these allegations, nor has Speaker Johnson hasn't weighed in, allegedly, he got the letter from this whistleblower. But we are gonna take a deep dive into whether, in fact, there's reason to believe they cheated on that debate that they gave Kamala Harris, I mean, explicitly unfair advantages, sample questions, and so on. Just so the audience knows, can I ask you this? Because right now, in the wake of the second attempt on your dad's life, we have President Biden, vice President Harris saying the right things about, you know, no one should be subjected to political violence. And you know, this is wrong. And yet there seemed to be absolutely no accountability, nor was there any shift in tone from Kamala Harris who's now the nominee after the first assassination attempt.


I mean, the rhetoric has been at a boiling point, consistently from their side, not just about politics and who should run the country, but about how evil your dad is. So, do you accept their statements today that they're very sorry about what happened, and that really, this should never happen? No, I don't accept their statements, Megan, and not, not at all. I mean, you know, before Butler, Pennsylvania, two days before Biden had a, you know, a, a truth or a, a a, an ex up saying that we should put the president in the quote unquote cross hairs. I mean, you've done a better job than anybody going back. I mean, look at Maxine Water's comments. Look at it. Right? You kicked them when they're down, you kick them again. You, you hit, you hit them hard, you hit them when they're down. I mean, they are the most violent people in the world.


You know, the bullets are only going one way here, right? When was the last time that, and, and it, it's insane. They've called for violence so many times. So no, I don't, I don't believe the rhetoric at all. You know, I mean, this is the same administration that wouldn't give RFK Secret Service protection, despite the fact that multiple people in his family, not despite the fact that he's a, a serious political candidate for a major party in the country, but also despite the fact that several people in his family had been executed, right? I mean, they've been, they've been taken out by assassins. They refused to give the guy, and my father was the guy who came out and said, give this guy secret service protection. You're gonna get this man killed. I don't think they give it to him, Megan, honestly. And it pains me to say that. And so, yeah, you, you see some, you know, some posts online that's, that doesn't feel Genucel at all.


That's written by some staffer saying the absolute bare minimum of what should be said. And there are, there was no accountability. I mean, why didn't Biden get rid of the Secret Service director? Why, why did she have to resign on her own after she gets up there and says, the reason that they didn't have snipers on the roof in Butler, Pennsylvania is because of the slope of the roof was, was too steep. Right? Everybody knew that was bs. Everybody knew that was total nonsense. It was the least steep roof of all them. In fact, the the roofs that the snipers were on were exponentially more steep than the roof that the, you know, would be assassin, tried to shoot my father from yet, you know, this is the, the, the narrative, right? And there's no accountability. I, I mean, if I was Biden, I would've forced a resignation five minutes after this.


I mean, isn't that what happens when, you know, protectees start getting shot, getting shot at when, when you have such big lapses, but they never hold anybody accountable. They didn't hold Humili accountable when you had the most disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, right? I mean, why is it that this administration knows it holds no one accountable for, for failure after failure? I mean, what's that gonna do that's just gonna incentivize for their failure? That's never gonna get you to a good result. People should know that they have responsibility, and they better take that responsibility seriously, otherwise they're not gonna be there the next day. That's how the real world works. But that's not how it works under, under these guys. And, and so, no, I I think it's a lot of lip service. I, I think the tweets were incredibly generic.


They were nonsense. I guarantee you they probably never even saw them. They were probably written by some low level staffer who put it out because they realized that they had to say something. But I think it's completely disingenuous, especially again, given that Biden has been the first person to say he hopes Donald Trump remains in the quote unquote crosshairs, which unfortunately he's been twice in the last five weeks. Exactly right. The, the weirdness of this guy, this shooter, this would be Shooter's book talking about Iran. I'm gonna quote more now from this book, which is available on Amazon. I would like to celebrate the amazing work of John Kerry that very humbly and humanly handled the Iran deal, which elated me and the whole of the world.


I must take part of the blame for the retarded child quoting here, that we elected for our next president that ended up being brainless. But I am man enough to say that I misjudged and made a terrible mistake. And Iran, I apologize. And here's where he says what we said in the intro, you are free to assassinate Trump as well as me for that error in judgment and the dismantling of the deal. No one here in the US seems to have the balls to put natural selection to work, or even unnatural selection. There is an Iranian death threat on your dad. They've been investigated, and there was a warning that the Secret Service was aware of before Butler, though, the, the complaints by the locals was that that was not shared with them.


Do you have any concerns about whether this guy might have some ties to Iran or some foreign actor overseas? Yes. Yes. I mean, listen, we've, we've had the Irani death threat on, on all of us, frankly, for, for a very long time. It's something that we've been very cognizant of for, you know, many years, frankly. I mean, from the time that he was in office and he was taking out guys like Soleimani and al-Baghdadi, and, you know, so many of their nuclear scientists and doing so many other things. I mean, it's interesting that the, the guy that would be shooter yesterday was complimenting a country that literally chanted death to America. I mean, Tehran, they chanted death to America on their streets, yet he's, you know, he's complimenting how great their, their nation is. It's also kind of ironic that, you know, we had total peace in the Middle East under my father, right?


Iran was broke. You know, we were exporting oil from the us, meaning we didn't need their oil. My father put massive embargoes on them. Effectively, anybody who buys Iranian oil we're not gonna buy a single product. And the United States of America will not buy a single product from, so you wanna trade oil with them. Congratulations. You're effectively cut off from every market around the world. Iran was broke. There were no missiles flying, they weren't attacking our greatest ally in the Middle East, right? Which is obviously Israel. There was total peace, no problems, no problems from the Taliban, no problems from Isis Taliban, right? For the last 18 months, we didn't lose a single service member over in, in Afghanistan. My father sent the head of the Taliban, literally a picture of his home, and, you know, hey, guess what?


Don't mess with the United States. You know what's gonna happen, If, you do, right? There was peace in the Middle East. You had the Abraham Accords, you had the moving of the, the, the embassy, as everybody knows very well. You had the Golan Heights, you had so many great milestones in the Middle East. And, you know, it's, it's amazing that the, the shooter, well, it's Meg, it's the same guy that's laughing in front of a courthouse right now as he's, you know, facing probably the rest of his life in jail for doing what he, you know, inevitably wanted to do. But, you know, it's amazing that this person is a guy who's, you know, complimenting a, a, a country that again, you know, wants our total demise, wants to create nuclear weapons to use against the West to extinguish our, our religion, our way of life, our families, and everything that red, white, and blue stands for. And so it is very par for the course for the guy that I see in that picture who looks like a total maniac.


The there is a retired FBI assistant director. He was an office from 2004 to 2006. His name is Chris Swecker, was 24 years with the FBI help actually capture Eric Rudolph after the Olympic Park bombing, the actual guy who did it. And in a Newsweek interview, he said, the biggest question to answer here is how did the, would be assassin know to be at that location at that time? And then he goes on to say, Eric, there are only three possible answers. He guessed and got very lucky. He conducted surveillance on Trump and followed him to the golf course, or he had inside information about Trump's schedule.


Your thoughts on those three possibilities? I agree with him a hundred percent. And, and at what world do we think it's a good idea for somebody with a pistol to be fighting a guy with a rifle? Right? Th those odds, this is never, never good, never good pistols versus rifles don't work out. Well, you know, in, in, in the modern day, we, we better get a real, we better get a real perimeter around the president, and we better do so quickly. Megan. They're trying to kill him, right? They're trying to kill him. I said it, and it was very controversial when I did. And I'm not a tinfoil hat wearing guy. I'm a very pragmatic guy. I've just seen what they tried to do to my family for the last, you know, 10 years now of being us, you know, of, of us, you know, being in this game. I've seen every single trick.


They laughed at us first, then they tried to take him down, then they tried to impeach him, then they went after him. They tried to do everything. And the only thing that was left for them to do was to literally kill him. And a couple months ago, a couple months before Butler, I literally said, it would not surprise me at all. These people will stop at absolutely nothing. And that's exactly what we're seeing. And then you take that with relapses in security, and I'm not talking about even yesterday, I think yesterday in, in many ways, was a success. They got the guy before he could do something bad, but we better work on this perimeter because this is getting far too close. Butler was a disaster. And, and even with Blumenthal, it was, it was probably the biggest antit Trumper in the world, right? When he comes out and says that there's a lot there to unpack, we better start getting serious because, you know, Meghan, we look like a third world country.


We probably already do, to tell you the truth. But we'd look like a third world country if our, you know, if the leading candidate, the former president of the United States and leading candidate, and likely the 47th president of the United States gets executed in Palm Beach, Florida, we'd be the laughing stock of the entire world. You know, congratulations. We're no longer the superpower of the world because people are literally, people would be laughing at us, you know, not, not to mention what would probably be the ramifications that came out of something like that. You know, I mean, civil wars and countries have started for, for less than things like that. I, I couldn't even fathom what that would mean for our nation, what that would mean for the America dream, what that would mean for our prosperity, the respect or lack thereof. You can't spend $3 billion on an agency to protect effectively two people, really protect two people and, and have gaps.


And, and there were gaps in Butler. There's no question about it. And Honestly, same just feels to me that same gap, right? Perimeter in Butler perimeter down here. As somebody who knows this golf course, is it, you tell me, is it possible, do you think, for somebody to have just followed your dad, just so that sort of stumbled upon his schedule, like look for him, and then followed him to the golf course? Yeah, it's, it's awfully easy to see a big motorcade pulling in there, right? You know, but, but clearly he was premeditated. There's no question about that. I mean, the guy effectively went into a bunch of Eureka palms hosted along. Yeah, but I mean, How, but how would he know your dad would be there on, on this particular Sunday, right? Your dad's, it, it apparently wasn't broadcast. So, I mean, do you have any, 'cause you know, there are a lot of people thinking this, this had to be an inside job, and I know we have to entertain that.


We have to look down that lane better entertain it, But it possible that he just, yeah, yeah, Go ahead. Everybody better entertain it. Everybody better entertain everything. Yeah. Right. I never thought I'd say this again, I'm not that tinfoil hack guy. I've, I'm actually a very sane human being, and I think there's a lot of conspiracy theories out there that are absolutely insane. You better believe after, you know, twice in five weeks, you better start entertaining, you know, all of those scenarios because something is, is very, very wrong. And it could have been very, very different. The guy literally brought a rifle across Megan If. you look at that, right? You've got a, you know, you've got a massive street that's wide open. You've got probably 20 yards of, of beautiful, perfectly manicured grass. Then you get to a row of beautiful palm trees, right?


Royal palm trees, and you have about another 20 yards of grass. And then you've got a big hedge line inside the hedge line. You have a chain link fence, right? On the other side of that, he literally got across all of that, holding a, a long gun. And no one saw this, right? There weren't, there weren't eyes on the street. It's not like he's creeping through a bunch of woods to try and get in a concealed spot in total camouflage. I mean, he literally went across a massive highway in the middle of the day with, with a long gun, something that you can't just throw in a backpack, right? And sl his way into the bushes, a adjoining, you know, adjacent to a golf hole that my father happened to be on at that time. Yeah. You better entertain those, those possibilities, because that's seriously bad. And you know, I mean, the guy from looking at him looks like a total nut job.


Obviously. He's, he's crazy. You see that picture. But what happens if he wasn't, what happens if that guy was well, cammo, what happens if that agent just didn't happen to be there at the right time? What happens if that guy killed that agent? And then use a scope rifle to take somebody out from not a far distance? I, I mean, we better really start locking down this perimeter because something is, is, is awfully wrong. And as I said three times on this interview, now, they are trying to get him, when I Said it, do you, do you feel comfortable? A Month ago, I believe in my heart that they, they would stop at nothing. But now the world knows they are trying to get him. Do you feel comfortable having the FBI conduct this investigation? Ron DeSantis is saying he will conduct an inve investigation of his own down in Florida, just to make sure there are a lot of people who don't trust the FBI.


A lot of people at this point have questions about the Secret Service. Who would you like to see investigate this? Yeah, it pains me answer this question because honestly, I'm, I'm the biggest like law enforcement guy. I mean, my, my best friends in the world are all, all law enforcement. I mean, literally, Megan, my closest friends in the world, I've told you stories about them, including yesterday, but they are some of my closest friends in the world. But then I see the, the weaponization of government I'm in, I was the guy that got the call from the FBI that you know about the, you know, the servers in the basement of Trump Tower communicating with the Kremlin. Oh Lord, right? We disprove that in 12 hours, right? First of all, we didn't have servers in a basement, because guess what? Basements flood, right? You don't put servers in basements is stupid.


Second of all, we're largely cloud computing. So, you know, the notion of really having servers are communicating with the Kremlin are just, it's insane. We had disproved that yet that hung over the first three years of my father's presidency, right? They could have shut that down second one, day one. And they let that drag and they let that linger it pit it literally, it put two superpowers against each other. If, you think about it, right? The two superpowers with the most nuclear weapons on Earth, Russia, and America for a three year period of time almost couldn't have communications because of the sham hoax that was happening when an agency knew that it was nonsense, that it was garbage, that there was nothing there. They let it hang over my father. And so do I have full trust in the FB? I know, I, I, I, I don't, I don't, I've seen more leaks through that agency.


I've seen more things about us get leaked that were just untrue. I, I, it's, no, I don't, I don't, unfortunately, I don't have faith. And, and you know, it's so sad because I have a bunch of friends who are FBI, who are agents like, you know, the actual gun carriers in that organization. And these are the most incredible people you've ever seen. I mean, a, a couple of my closest friends in the world are in that agency and, and they also shake their heads say, what the hell is going on? I mean, it's really amazing how, you know, one floor in one office building in one o you know, in when, you know, in Washington DC can corrupt an entire agency. And you see that with the Secret Service as well. Sometimes. I mean, some of the finest people you have ever met in your life. People who, regardless of whether we win on November 5th, will be some of my closest lifelong friends.


Were people who frankly were assigned to Laura and I for a, you know, four year period of time or a three year period of time. You know, depending on, you know, when their ship came in. These are some of the greatest people. They love this country. They love America. They would do anything, and they would take a bullet for either my father, they would take a bullet for Biden, they would take a bullet for Harris. They would take a bullet for anybody. 'cause that's their job and their bravest hell, and they're good at what they do, but there's also a breakdown at the very top and, and make no mistakes. Some of these agencies are weaponized. I mean, you know, the eighth floor of the Secret Service in Washington DC allowed agents during my father's presidency to go find the 44 73, the firearm forms from Hunter Biden. They allowed agents to go over to the firearm store where he had his revolver, and they wanted to collect those forms.


I wonder what they were doing. This was while my father was president. Do you think while Joe Biden was president, if you know Laura Trump threw a revolver in a trash can outside of the supermarket, do you think secret Service agents would be going over there and trying to, you know, fish it out of a dumpster or going over the gun store to try and collect the paperwork? Of course they weren't Meghan there. There's corruption in the government. There's massive corruption in the government that corruption only goes one way, right? I mean, the Democrats have done everything they can to weaponize every single system. They've weaponized the military, they've weaponized the DOJ, you know, they've, they've weaponized the, the entire legal system. I mean, they're sending the number three person in charge of the DOJ to New York to prosecute my father to try and take him off the ticket so that Joe Biden had a better chance of winning.


And everybody knows the end story of what happened there. It's insane. They've weaponized these, these institutions top to bottom. I mean, they've weaponized healthcare. I mean, and at the center of it is a real life human who has a family, has grandkids. That was one of the first things I thought about. Like, you've got two young kids, what are they, like seven and five now that, how you explain to your little ones, and by the way, make it a real, people are trying to kill grandpa. My kids were sitting on my lap when Butler happened. I was literally typing an email. They were sitting on my lap watching him, right? They were, everybody was speculating that he was gonna make the Vance announcement that day. I knew he wasn't going to, but everybody was watching that rally. He was being telecasted by everybody. I I know. I, my kids were six and four at the time, but I had a six and 4-year-old sitting on my lap watching their grandfather, you know, go down with blood flowing across his face.


I mean, yeah, he's, he's a real life human being. And you know, it is a real life family. But, but beyond all of that, I mean, don't cry for us. We we're, we're big boys. We could stand on the stage and, you know, and have so, and I, I will to the day I die. And I don't care what they do to us. They're not gonna, you know, but, but this is the guy who does not need to be doing this, right? I mean, right. Barack Obama was a community organizer, right? What was his next step? Well, probably politics. You know, my, my father, my father could live the greatest life in the world. He could save Mar-a-Lago. He could have the greatest time. We've got the best assets, assets, the best hotels, the best golf courses around the world. He could live the greatest life in no nonsense. He's not getting shot at every single day, literally and figuratively. He's not sitting in courthouses all around around the country. He lives a beautiful life.


He could still be the king maker of the Republican party. Guess what he wants to do? He wants to go out and fix this country because we are a failing nation. We are failing on every single front. Our economy is a joke. Countries around the world aren't laughing at us. I just came back from the Middle East, I was, so, we have a project over there. They're literally laughing at us. They're laughing at Biden. I mean, the guy's sleeping on a beach while my father lays wreaths at, at, at, at Abbey Gate, you know, commemorating 13 fallen soldiers in Afghanistan, Based on the worst withdrawal and the history of our, our nation and what a president is sleeping on a a on a beach, getting a suntan. I mean, the world is laughing at us. It's crazy. You, you have Kamala Harris who doesn't have a single policy that makes any sense whatsoever. I mean, her economic policies would bankrupt this country in about two and a half seconds, you know, it's, it's, and she's put in charge with a border.


We've had 20 million people come across our border. We have 300,000 kids that have died of fentanyl poisoning. And they laugh about it. They haven't done a damn thing. And then she comes out, yes, I'm gonna be very serious about the border, very serious about the border. Megan, they flew in 320,000 people on aircraft, seven 30 sevens into airports all across our nation in the middle of the night. Yes, she's saying she's gonna be serious about enforcing her our border. Right? They let in 20 million people in into this country, they sold an entire wall that my father had built, right? He put up 500 miles, almost 600 miles, all the, the rest of the border wall was built. They sold all that steel for scrap at like 4 cents on the dollar, right? And yet they come out and say, yes, we're gonna be very serious about closing our border.


These people are the biggest crooks. They're the biggest liars. They're so disingenuous. And we would win this election by 100% if they didn't cheat, and if they didn't have the entire mainstream media being effectively the propaganda wing of the Democratic Party. That's right. The, the, the, the media. I mean, we're gonna get to that with our next guest. I don't wanna waste too much of your time, because I know you gotta run. Can I just bring, bring this one thing up before I let you go? Yes. The New York Times now reporting this just hit the federal criminal complaint, filed against a suspected gunman. Says his cell phone was in the vicinity of the area along the tree line of the Trump golf course, beginning at 1:59 AM which would've been 12 hours prior to the Secret Service, finding him, meaning it appears he was likely lying in, wait, potentially for 12 hours at a minimum.


He visited the site at two in the morning and then went back. But this certainly suggests he could have been lying in weight and certainly was outside of the, the golf course. Yet another thing, if the Secret Service had drones, if the Secret Service understanding he was gonna golf there would've detected, or should have detected in advance, I, I can't help but feel like he was a sitting duck, Megan, he was a sitting duck. I, I know the exact spot he was in. I know it so well, God forbid he would've, that agent wouldn't have seen him. He would've been right in front of him. He would've been 40 yards on the next hole right there, right where it says hole six, right where your little arrows pointing, right? It's, it's just in from that. He would've been standing right there, and the guy would've been there with an assault rifle at 50 yards.


Thank God for that agent doing their job. But somebody better, better take perimeter security or, or more seriously, this is not gonna end well. That's nothing about this is gonna end well, the fact that is that premeditated that the guy was there at one o'clock in the morning. Yeah, that's, that's seriously problematic. What the hell is a person doing there at one o'clock in the morning? This is Megan. I can't even tell you how I, I truly feel about this because it's, it's, and I not, it's not only is it devastating for, you know, as, as a family member, right? I mean, this bothers me more that this is against him than it would be if it were against me, right? I I, I'd be substantially less, you know, upset. But like, we've gotta be better than this as a country on every front. On every front. Yeah. We have to be better than this as a country.


We better. And, and there should be universal outrage, but there isn't, there isn't, you know, you've seen some of the nasty reaction from leftists online celebrating it. They have absolutely no sympathy for him. They're well, but, you know, Bob Iger snarky comments after Butler, like, they're sorry, he missed Bob Iger, who's the head of a b you know, he's the head of Disney, but obviously the parent company, you know, to, to, to a, b, C, you know, I, I mean, where, where's the outrage? Where's the outrage against by Bob? I mean, if I was Bob Iger, I fire everybody at ABC News, I'd fire everybody. I mean, you just tank the entire brand for a BBC news. Where is the outrage? I mean, this is a guy who runs a publicly run company, right? I mean, Disney is a pub. He's got a fiduciary duty to his shareholders. His shareholders are hundreds of thousands of people around this country.


You know, maybe millions of people around this country and around the world. Yet there's no ramification, right? And, and, and they no different than an organization is willing to literally give the questions of a presidential debate to one of the candidates that they favor. Does they come as any surprise that they want to bury the second time? My father has almost been assassinated in a five week period of time. That shouldn't shock anybody. Everybody knows whose team they're on. George Stephanopoulos. I mean, he was part of the war room. He was part of the Clinton, you know, political team with James Carve and all, all, all these people. Does anybody really believe that these people can be fair and objective?


Of course they can't be. But also Megan, where's the shareholder outrage? If I was a shareholder of Disney, and thank God I'm not, because honestly, they're a failing company at this point. But where is the outrage? You know, don't these people demand more? Yeah, apparently not. I mean, I mean, the Answer is yes, it's a hypothetical question, but I mean, the fact that Bob Iger has not said a word about either, what's happened then? And they continue the narrative today, not to mention the NBCs and, and, and frankly, the CNNs and everybody else on that, on that hit list. It's, it's horribly disgusting. We need answers. Yeah, But they're not, they're not acknowledging multiple failures at the debate. They're not acknowledging, they're not reversing any of their fake fact checks, which is just a disgrace.


They're being celebrated for these fake fact checks by other members of the media. And then on top of that, you get this self-proclaimed whistleblower saying, A BC gave her sample questions. A, B, c agreed with the Harris campaign, again, not yet responded to by a, B, C or by Speaker Johnson, who was allegedly copied on the whistleblower letter. But not only that, they gave her sample questions, but they agreed that they wouldn't ask her about Joe Biden's fitness mental fitness, that they wouldn't ask her about her brother-in-law and his term in the Department of Justice, where he was accused of intentionally giving out big settlements to left wing plaintiffs in order to curry favor or her time as California Ag. This guy certified mailed this verified meaning sworn under the penalty of perjury affidavit the day before the debate, the day before.


We haven't seen it. This needs to play out. But why has there not even been an on the record denial? This was everywhere yesterday, and it compounds. What we saw at the debate, which we know with our own eyes, irrespective of whistleblower, was a negligent attempt at journalism, Irrespective of the whistleblower. You just took the words outta my mouth. I looked at Susie, we runs the campaign for us, and she was sitting right next to me during that debate. I was about 30 feet away from my father, just in the, in the room right next door. And Susie and I were watching, and I go, she had the questions, you can just tell the way she was answering them. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I mean, it's almost like I, I mean, you, you must have rehearsed 'em, you, you know, when somebody's scripted, you know, when somebody's rehearsed. She was rehearsed. She had seen these questions before. There's, there's just no question about it.


And, and by the way, to your, there's your first part of the question is those would've been the first questions that any logical person would've, any fair, impartial person would've asked. You know, your own state of California has gone to hell, right? You have homeless camps all over the place. You've got fentanyl crisis likes of which you've never seen. People can't afford to live there. It's been the largest migration of people out of the state in the history of the United States. By, by far as, and I've been close, everybody's leaving. You know, your streets are dirty. Crime is all over the place. You can't walk a block in, in San Francisco without walking across a hypodermic needle. Like, why should people trust you to run the United States of America, which is much bigger than just a san, you know, city of San Francisco? I, I mean, that's, that's like the most obvious question. My 7-year-old son would've thought of that question.


And, and you know, It's biden's mental acuity, Of course, for the last three and a half years, nothing, nothing. You've been saying that the guy was incredibly sharp. He was a modern day, you know, Winston Churchill, he was incredible. He's incredibly vibrant. And then he comes down stage and the entire world sees that he was none of those things. So you effectively lied to the American people for three and a half years. You did so with fracking, you did so on the border, you did so on a host of other issues. You know, you know, what, what's your retort, you know, Mrs potentially vi, you know, president of the United States. These would be the most obvious ous answer of, of course, they're not gonna do that because they're in bed with her campaign. They're in bed with them. Well, then you, you, Stefan, you Saw the local, I mean, just go back to him, The, the local A, B, C, the local a b, C anchor who questioned Kamala Harris over the weekend in an interview and brings up the, the topic of guns.


Not by saying you're on camera supporting a mandatory gun buyback program by saying, share your values on guns. Just talk, talk about guns in general. And when she totally denies that she wants to take anybody's guns. There's no follow up, Eric. There's, it's just the journalistic malfeasance is ubiquitous. Megan, how about the fact that her vice presidential candidate said that, you know, he li he obviously ran on a platform putting tampons and males bathrooms in, in, you know, in Minnesota. I mean, how about the fact that he comes out and says, you know, we're very serious about border security, yet he's the guy that said that if Donald Trump builds a 25 foot tall wall, he's gonna build a ladder factory in Mexico to build 30 foot ladder so everybody can come across that wall that Donald Trump just built.


I mean, they don't call them on any, any of this stuff. I mean, this is insanity to the American people. You know, this isn't, these aren't far right. Frustrating. These, these, this is insanity. I, I guarantee you If you poll tampons and boys bathrooms, high school bathrooms, and it, you pulled that across the country. 99% of people would just say, this is, this is insane. This is ridiculous. Right? That's Right. Of course, they're not gonna, that's why they, they have to deny it. It's Eric, I, I, I wanna tell you, this is just in, we now have body camera footage of the arrest of this suspect, Ryan Ruth, we'll show it to you now. Here it is, Driver, take two steps to your right, take two steps to your right driver, walk straight back, keep walking, And that's it.


FYI, more information coming in about how long he was at the golf course, beginning at 1:59 AM according to the police affidavit in support of the arrest, he was there. Let's see, hold on. Yeah, it looks like his cell phone was there from 1:59 AM to 1:31 PM It, they, it looks like they are suggesting at least his cell phone and possibly he were there. They, the, the two of them together were there for 12 hours. And there you can see the police doing the exactly what they ought to do. The, so far he's been charged with possession of a firearm by a prohibited person, a convicted felon, and possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number. The scary thing here is if those charges don't get amped up, this guy could potentially see daylight again.


I don't know, But, it just underscores the level of danger your dad was facing yesterday. I'll give you the last word. I know you gotta run. Thanks for giving us so much time. Well, those charges are insane, right? And many people are charged with the unlawful possession of firearm all the time, right? And, okay, fine. You know, the guy didn't have serial number on his gun. I mean, the guy wanted to assassinate a person who was beloved by hundreds of millions of Americans. A guy who was a great commander in chief of this nation, a guy who's probably the most iconic person, one of the biggest brands anywhere in the world. It was premeditated. He was there in the morning, as you said, likely there for 12 hours, you know, and you get charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. Megan, come on.


You know, that would flush its way out. I'm sure there'll be federal charges and other things, but you know, i, I, I would've thought that those charges would've been a hell of a lot more significant than that. And believe me, if, if they Up it Up If you, you better believe that they would've been more significant than that, and hopefully more will come. Thank you for all your time, all the best to your family, to your dad, your kids. We really appreciate it. Stay well. Great job with The show. We'll see you soon. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.