(1s):
This NFL season, all FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it. Come to life Live 21 plus and present in Virginia, offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal. Cancel any time, no refunds, terms, restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV Redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(31s):
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Welcome To the Megyn Kelly Show. I'm m Kelly. A special episode for you today on Stolen Valor. That term's been thrown around quite a bit when it comes to Governor Tim Walls, the running mate of Kamala Harris in this race. In connection with his National Guard service. Many men who served with Governor Walls when he was in the National Guard and who served under him have come forward to accuse him of that sin, stealing valor from the men he served with by inflating his military rank and by abandoning his men when they were deployed to Iraq, he was supposed to go and he chose not to.

(1m 21s):
He's also said that he used a weapon in war, which he hasn't. He was never deployed to war. He was deployed to Italy for a short time in 2003. But when his unit got the notice that they were being deployed to Iraq, Tim Walls retired. And that has led to a lot of folks saying he abandoned his unit. He cut and ran and he left the guys he trained to go fight on their own without the guy who trained them. Tim Walls has been battling this for a long, long time. He's been accused by many men of leaving the unit and inflating his rank falsely for the better part of 20 years now, since he left his unit back in 2005 and it's been brought to his attention, it's been brought to the attention of his campaign office, both when he was a congressman, when he was a governor, when he was announced as vp.

(2m 13s):
He never does anything about it. He never really speaks out about it. Just surrogates come out to defend him. So what do these guys think? Well, we've gotten four of them together for the first time to tell us directly what they think and speak to the actual experience they had with Tim Walls and how they feel about what he did. The four men that we've gathered together, maybe one of them familiar to you, and that's Tom Barens. He's been on the show before. He actually is a retired command sergeant major. That is the rank that Tim Walls says he is. It's not true. And Tom Barens is the man who did go to Iraq when that unit was deployed.

(2m 52s):
Also with us today is Paul Hur. He too is a retired command sergeant major and he knew Tim Walls and was there when they were told that they were about to get a notice telling them to deploy to Iraq and can speak to when Tim Walls knew that news was coming and what Tim Walls said to him about his plans in that regard. Today you'll also meet Rodney Tao. Rodney is a retired first sergeant and he too was in the National Guard unit. He and Tim Walls were peers. They served within the same battalion. He knew Tim Walls well. And you'll also meet today Tom Schilling, who's a retired sergeant first class.

(3m 33s):
He did deploy two Iraq, the same deployment that Tim Walls abandoned and he will share with us for the first time his thoughts on this controversy. We are grateful to all of them for their honesty, for their candor, and for their courage. Not only in service us all on the battlefield, but in coming forward, which has created a national firestorm around Tim Walls. Yes, but he's put himself out there as a public figure, but also around them and for just telling the truth in a firestorm they didn't wanna create. They tried to handle it privately without ever publicly embarrassing him, but he refused to do the right thing. That's what they claim. And they're here today to tell you their story directly.

(4m 14s):
This NFL season, all FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it come to Life Live 21 plus and present in Virginia offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal, cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER. Gentlemen, thank you all so much for being here. Really appreciate it and thank you for your service. Let me just get your ranks and your experience on the record so that our audience understands who we're talking to.

(4m 58s):
Tom Barons, we'll start with you because you've been on the show before. You're, you are a retired command sergeant major and served with a 1 1 25 field artillery first brigade combat team. That, that's the unit that Tim Walsh was in? That is correct. Okay. And then to your side we have Paul Hur. Correct. And you are also a re retired command sergeant major, correct. From a different division though? Same division, Different brigade, correct. How do you say it? Yeah, I Was, yeah, I was a brigade sergeant major. Okay. So the battalions like one of the 1, 2 5 fell under me. Okay. Not at the time, but later on.

(5m 38s):
But at the time that Tim Walls was doing his thing, I was, I was a battalion command sergeant major, like Tom at a different unit. And so would you have been above him or lateral to him and just in a different unit falls? Yeah, at the time I would've been lateral. Okay. I would've been, we would've been peers. Okay. Runny ta And it's company G 1 34 Brigade Support Battalion. So is this, this is actually his, his unit as well. Is it not This is, This unit was permanently attached to one of the 1 2 5 as their support element.

(6m 20s):
So you knew Tim Wal? I knew Him very Well, yes. Okay. Okay. Very good. And last but not least, we've got Tom Schilling, retired Sergeant First class and you were in the unit that deployed to to Iraq. Is that correct, Tom? That's correct. Okay. That, that Tim Walls did not deploy with That's another Correct. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So there's so much going on with this issue and we're being told by Tim Walls, by Kamala Harris, and by their supporters, that this is, this is nothing Burger. There's no there, there. And I'm just gonna tee up some of the reaction for you with this Congressman Adam Smith who came on my program last week. He's a Democrat from California and he defended Tim Walls very strongly and basically told us there's no there there that we're making much to do about nothing.

(7m 8s):
And I'll give you my first soundbite. 11th here with him, watch this. I am talking about the accusations that are being made against him. They're absolute lies. What the actual facts are. He decided to run for Congress in February. He got out of the military in May and his unit was called up in July. And I believe didn't deploy until like six months after that. He left the guard unit specifically to run for Congress before the deployment orders came in. But he, the lies are being told about Tim Balls. He did not get, he did not get out of the National Guard because he didn't want to deploy to claim.

(7m 49s):
That is an absolute lie. 100%. So yes, there may be a few veterans, I don't know what their motivations are. I don't know who they are who are saying this, but again, let's just take a step back for one second. The accusation that Tim Walls didn't want to deploy with his unit and that's why he got out. That is simply not what the facts show. And If, you are a veteran and you are saying publicly that Tim Walls decided to get out because he didn't wanna go to Iraq. Then you are saying something that you cannot possibly know to be true. Well, What's your reaction to that? Start with you on it, Tom. Wow, that kind of gets a guy fired up. I, Tim Walls said himself in March of 2005 on through his campaign, a statement that was put out that he was gonna run for Congress, but the unit had been notified that they're gonna be going to Iraq in the near future sometime in the future.

(8m 48s):
He said, that's all I'm gonna say about it. But I have a great support team and a great wife, and they're gonna support me whether I campaign in Minnesota or Iraq. I mean, it was his words. It's out on, it's out now that he knew in March that this was going on. And then in May he retired. So it's not like it was something that was months down the road. Yeah. But he filed a run for Congress in February, Correct? On the 10th of February. That's why Adam Smith and others say, how can you say he abandoned his unit? He filed a run for Congress and leave the unit before he got notice, official notice on paper that they were gonna be deployed. The fic, you know, warning orders is an official notice to the, to the units out there. I mean, it's, it's a secret order If, you know, it's, it's classified and it's read to the soldiers and it's probably destroyed.

(9m 31s):
I, I tried to get a copy of it and that's, you know, I, I don't probably exist somewhere, you know, somewhere out there. But it's not something that was, that's public that you can find right Now. So your point is he knew before February of 2005 when he said he was retiring. Oh, Absolutely. I mean, from what I'm hearing, the the, the leadership of the state pretty much knew something was gonna be going on in, in the summer of, of oh four and in the fall of oh four, you know, brigade and division and battalion leadership. You know, there's no evidence for sure that we know that they knew. But if that's how it usually works. Is that a, you know, the senior leadership knows ahead of time in a, you know, in a meeting that's classified, They don't find out at the same time the rest of you guys find out? No, They always know what may That's it doesn't just all get dropped.

(10m 11s):
The bomb gets dropped on the whole dang unit out there in the leadership and the soldiers all at once. And he, he was in leadership. He was, he had the same position to you. So do you agree with that, that he would've told, because Doug, Jolene, he's out there saying, and he also served, I'll get his title. He also says that they were actually told in the fall of 2004, he said, that's when we received my commander, myself of the first brigade, 34th infantry division brigade combat team, what's called a notification of sourcing, which is a nas. He described it informing us that we would be alerted to go to Iraq within the upcoming year, start preparing your team. Correct.

(10m 51s):
Doug was the brigade command sergeant major at the Time. Doug Jolene, who I just mentioned. Correct. He he retired out as the Division Command Sergeant Major, though, the reason, what was that Democrat's name again? What was it? He was saying that there's no way you could Adam Smith. Adam Smith, okay. Whatever camera's looking at me. This is how I know Adam Smith, that he is again, a liar because he told me and other SAR majors in the meetings that you can count on me, I will deploy with my unit, his words to my ears and others. I, so that's how I know I'm not making it up.

(11m 34s):
I have thousands of soldiers, thousands of soldiers that I took into combat and brought back up all, well, they know me, If, you knew my blood was boiling right now because walls has done nothing but lie to feather his own bed his entire career. That's how I know I was there. I just didn't make this up. Tom and I just didn't make this stuff up. I was in the meetings, I was part of it. Soldiers died, soldiers went on this. You think their parents didn't want their, their soldiers to take a pass, take a knee and maybe go on the next one or go on something that maybe isn't so dangerous.

(12m 16s):
You're darn Skippy. He came out and said he was gonna go all the time working behind Doug Julian's back going behind the chain of command's back to, to secure his retirement. I mean, I still don't know who signed the 41 87 to, to allow him to get out. He would've got caught up in stop loss for sure. And he wouldn't have gone anywhere. He already claimed that he wasn't gonna do, he wasn't gonna go out, he was gonna deploy forward with his unit. So you're saying whenever he found out that he was deploying and and you're saying he found out before, he's saying he found out. Yeah, absolutely. But whenever he found out prior to his official leaving of the National Guard, he knew Iraq was coming and he was telling you, I'll deploy, I'll deploy.

(13m 0s):
Notwithstanding the fact that, that he had said already, I'm gonna run for Congress. He was That's correct. He's saying, I'll go with my unit. Oh, Absolutely. And didn't And he didn't. No, he didn't. Why? Explain why that's a big deal? Because you know, his defenders say, ah, he was allowed to retire. And I will say, this is one of my, this is another thing, and I, and I put it out there. I spent 34 years in the Army thir almost 13 of those as a SAR major. The, the preponderance of my career. And us as non-commissioned officers, people, I don't think people understand our, they don't have a good understanding of our role in the military.

(13m 45s):
When, when push comes to shove, we have officers that are appointed over us. And, and our job is to make sure that those soldiers are motivated and educated and trained to the best of their ability with all the assets at hand to carry out the orders of the president of the United States and the officers appointed over them. Back in World War I, when we were doing trench warfare, the officer would blow the whistle to leave the trenches and charge the enemy across the line, the non-commission officers jobs to make sure that they're motivated to the hilt to come out of those trenches.

(14m 26s):
And I'm gonna be the point of the spear. I was in an ra, I was out there on the road, I was out there in harm's way just as much as anybody else. And my job is to make sure that those soldiers have the mo utmost confidence in their leadership. If the o if the powers that be, if the officer blows the whistle to leave the trenches, and I'm the guy who's motivating everybody to leave, and I go, nah, not today. I'm not going, you guys go right ahead. That's a morale crusher. It chews away at the fabric of the military and its ability to do its mission.

(15m 10s):
And it's just, it may not legally be wrong, it's morally indefensible. I could have retired, Tom could have retired. Most all, all the guys that were in those meetings, all the, all the soldiers that were in those meetings, all our CSMs we're all long in the tooth. We could have retired. We didn't, we had other soldiers that put their lives on total, on total lockdown because of this. Because they went to defend their country. They had soldiers. I'm not gonna let my soldiers go forward without me. I trained them. I put myself right there with them. I'm gonna suffer every hardship that they do. And that's the position he was in.

(15m 51s):
That's a Yeah, that's the exact position he was in. And he walked away from it. He, he wasn't gonna, he didn't care. It, it was all about him. You know, his comments offhand that I heard at some of those meetings where, you know, and I didn't put two and two it together, but he was talking to another sergeant Major who will not be named and you know who you are that, you know, thanks, you know, I have a good chance to win this election this November. So I didn't put any of that together until he didn't show up. And Tom was tasked with, you know, being the CSM for one of the 1, 2 5, Because you took over the position he should have had on the deployment. Yep. When he, when he quit in May, it was like the rumor went across the state that he had quit.

(16m 35s):
And it was like, who the hell does that? I mean, it was just unbelievable that A CSM abandoned his troops, you know, 500 soldiers basically. But beyond that, there's a thousand parents out there that expect that person to lead those people into combat and to train 'em and to, and to do everything they can to equip 'em properly and, and you know, try to get 'em all home alive if possible. And besides those thousand parents, there's all the sisters and brothers out there and everybody in those small home towns in, in the National Guard, I mean, there's, there's thousands of towns across Minnesota that have guard people in them. You know, it's not just where the unit's at. I mean, all those little small towns come together. Well, all this great community is behind and all those soldiers there.

(17m 18s):
And, and for that Sergeant major or a First Sergeant or, or an E seven or anybody in an NCO position to quit like that, it's like losing the ma or the patriarch of the family. The, you know, the, the quarterback of a football team. I mean, literally what this guy did is he, he was like, Tom Brady training till the, till the Super Bowl. You know, I'm getting to that point. And then the Super Bowl comes up and he says, you know, you second stringer, get out there and play because I might get hurt and I don't, you know, I I wanna keep myself well for when I retire now and, and carry on and the Super Bowl's out there. And, and you're not, you're not playing in it Ex except in, in Iraq, you're actually risking your life. Exactly. I mean that, that's, that's the big thing that you train for.

(17m 60s):
You train for 24 years to get to that position. When you go to basic training, you're training to go to war, you're training to go to combat, you're training to kill people basically. Or, you know, hopefully not get killed yourself. That's kind of why you train. And and that goes on for years and years. And as you go up the rank, once you get the 24 years of that, I mean, the next step is, is okay, if I can go to combat, that's what I've trained for 24 years for, I've signed the papers, I've done that with the, with the United States government. I'm, I'm supporting all of that and I'm gonna, I'm gonna go and, and protect my country and protect my soldiers. I mean, are we, you know, I'm trying to keep in mind 2005 getting a notice that you're getting deployed to Iraq.

(18m 43s):
That's scary. That was a rough time. That is not like you're deploying to Italy like he did in 2003 in support of what's happening in Afghanistan. Things were about as bad as they could get. I wish some of those members brought their families over there for a while while they were There to Italy for sure. Because it was Que Tour the country. Yeah, yeah. I mean it was just, I mean it's, no, it's no different than If. you got PCs today to, to Italy. There wa there was no difference there. I mean there were, there, it wasn't like they were on lockdown covered in battle rattle and, you know, Carry. Okay. But looking at his d at, at the Iraq thing, he's almost done. He could have retired a couple years earlier. He re-upped But.

(19m 25s):
it was very dangerous. He could serve the country if he runs for Congress. That's what he says. I'm gonna fight for veterans from inside Congress and, and it may not be as dangerous, but there's more value there. I, I'd like to know what do we know what he fought for veterans? Well, because did he retired in 20 I What, what year did the, did the the care the care in the community President Trump signed it. Was that in seven 18? Well that wouldn't have been till, yeah. 17. Yeah, it was 18 or walls voted against. He was one of the, one of the handful of people that Voted together. Rodney, what, what, what were you gonna say? I was just gonna say that, you know, I don't know how he can live with himself after he did that to his soldiers.

(20m 9s):
You know, that, that military unit that is the same thing as a family. That's your military family and you take care of family and you know, those guys got your back and you're supposed to have their back and he just quit and turned his back on. I just, I don't know how he can do it. I Were you in the unit when he left? Yes. And do you remember what that felt like when you heard the news? I, I couldn't believe it. I was like, how, how did he just quit? I, I knew he had time left on his enlistment. And I'm like, how? Well, how did, I don't understand how he could do it morally or, you know, he got absolutely no integrity.

(20m 52s):
I I Just don't get It. Was there talk amongst the guys at the time? Very little. You know, we weren't supposed to talk about it, so not a whole lot was discussed about it, but we ended up with Tom. So, you know, maybe it was the best thing. Maybe I've heard, I've heard a few guys from the unit say that 'cause Tom Baron stepped in and they, that's very Humbling. Now going back to what he, you know, what he said about, you know, he's gonna get in Congress and do great things for the country. Yeah. He wasn't elected yet. So he's so into himself that, well, I'm gonna run for Congress and then when I get in there, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do other things. It's like, what would he have done if he had lost and then had abandoned his soldiers then too? I mean, that could have happened very easily. It wasn't like he was a sitting congressman in the house representatives and he was just gonna quit and spend more time in Washington.

(21m 38s):
I mean, he literally had to win the election when in Oh, in oh six, I believe. Which was a whole nother year out of campaigning. So for him to say that, well I just quit because I wanted to serve my country in a different way. Well, you have no other speculation whether he is even gonna win or not. So, you know, for him to say that that's, that's kind of a, you know, looking back on it, it can, you can, you can all lay it out and say, this is why I got out because I was gonna win because I'm the greatest politician in the world and I can be a Cham Chameleon to the first district and BS 'em all and, and act like I'm gonna do this to the farmers and this to the hunters and this to the people in Rochester and wherever I go, I wear a different T-shirt that says I'm, I'm all through the farmers and whatever and, you know, does his little dance and everything.

(22m 21s):
And, and pretty soon everybody, you know, they get buffaloed for a while. But first district woke up to him I think in 2016 too. They were, Hmm. This is where he were, they were where he served as a congressman and that wound up voting against him when he ran for governor. Tom, you you did deploy. I did. And to Iraq. Right. And you fought for the country. And so what's your reaction like when you hear his excuses about I had a different way of serving. I'd done my time. I got, well going to nine, the memorial deal kind of brought back why some of the reserve people and myself got back in The nine 11 memorial here in New York. Right. It's kind of, you see all the people that are there, you feel their soul. It's kind of breathtaking.

(23m 2s):
But anyway, I got back in, I didn't ask, well, I'll get back in. It was more or less like, what do you want me to do and how do you want me to do it? That was the deal. I signed a contract and that's what I wanted to do. A lot of people did that reserve people that they got back in. They were living lives of their own already. And they got called to do that. And they come back in the same reason. It's like, okay, here I am. What do you want me to do? Is that type of attitude. So it's, it's a patriot thing. And like I agreed these, the two command sergeant majors, they nailed everything I could possibly say on that, but it's just wrong. For instance, I'm more of a what happened in the community, like, like the regular army, they stay on their bases and what happens can stay on the bases.

(23m 52s):
But Wal did. We live, we live in the communities and we hear all that stuff. We we're civilians and we just work on weekends or whatever we train. So when something like that happens, bring dishonor on all of us. Hmm. So that's kind of why I, that's kind of why I got involved is wrong. I, I mean for what he said, but going into combat, that's sacred. There's, people lose their lives. Limbs sometimes they're having kids at home, but they, they went over there and they missed the birth, birth of child. Sometimes they'd lose their marriage, maybe a job, but they'd make that commitment. And when you see walls, just some of the junior leaders, what they do for their men, I mean, they know they're the leader and, and that's their guys.

(24m 37s):
They're taking care. And they only have like five minutes. Sometimes Batoon meter only got 80. But the commitment to bring those boys back is amazing. How many did he have, Tom? How, how many were in the unit that he left? There's There's five, 500. It's kind of a rough figure for the, well I think we had 650. Wow. When we were training At Fort or at at Shelby. Sorry. Tom. Shelly. I, I interrupt you. Keep going. Now you got me. Well you were saying that you were speaking of the numbers that these guys are responsible for. Well, the, the part of the part of him just getting up is unfathomable because we all made the same, same commitment after nine 11. And then I hear him hear him that Stolen Valor and I see that as he used that we're supposed to be there to defend the citizens.

(25m 20s):
That's what we do. It's like foreign domestic. That's our vow. And he takes Stolen Valor to run against another civilian for a United States representative. That was really terrible. My part is, how can you do that? This NFL season? All FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it come to life Live 21 plus and present in Virginia, offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal, cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(26m 6s):
The sins are multiple the alleged sins. Not only did he not go to Iraq, and I guess I should just ask you raise your hand If. you think Tim Walsh is guilty of cutting and running as avo as opposed to serving in Iraq? Absolutely. No doubt. No Doubt. Absolutely. And to those like Adam Smith who suggest maybe there's a political motive here. We've seen some guys come out and say, oh, these are conservative guys, they're gonna vote Republican. They're just trying to bring him down. 'cause he's a Democrat's running as a Democrat for governor. Anybody wanna take that on? Oh yeah, go Ahead. I I would say that, you know, looking back on what has been dug up on him in the la you know, ever since, ever since 2005 August, when he was holding a enduring freedom Veterans for Carry song.

(26m 51s):
Yes, He was. And and you know, supposedly he ran, he, he was in the ve in the carry campaign in the state. I don't know when he started doing it, if he started doing it when he was in Italy or when he, when he was doing it. But my gut feeling is he, he did it for political reasons. But, it wasn't for political reasons to help this country. He did it because this was Bush's war. And I feel that he just literally got to the whatever point that, you know, there, there was some weird stuff with the Iraq war backs then. I I, I think he, he just, he just felt that he just couldn't, he Couldn't, I mean, a lot of guys had questions about the Iraq war and why we were fighting it. You still went and did your thing. I mean, I I, I had 150 IRR guys that asked the same thing.

(27m 31s):
They got pulled off the street on New York City and Washington, all across the nation. They came to us. They had a letter that got sent to 'em. They answered the call and they came to Camp Shelby and trained with us. And, and they literally, you know, they're, they were out there and, and they were like, why are we here? You know, this, this war, you know, we haven't found weapons of mass destruction. First thing I said was Saddam Hus saying was about weapon of mass destruction. And, But they fought anyway. They fought Anyway. And, and I put together a, a, a briefing for him and I said, I compare it to World War ii. I said, we got attacked by Japan. Did we get attacked by Germany? They said no. And I said, why the hell did we go to Germany? I said, we got attacked by Afghanistan, you know, the Taliban, the, you know, the, the terrorists that came right here and did what they did.

(28m 16s):
And I said, yeah, we didn't get by attacked by Iraq, but we, there was a dictator there that was oppressing his people, killing his own people. And we, we felt that there was something there. We need to go in there. And we did. Well how does, how do the military armed services work if the soldiers get to decide which wars are the good ones Exactly That you, that you can't do that. You can't pick and choose where you're gonna go. Oh, I I like this war that, you know, that's a question that he'll never answer. 'cause he never answers any questions. You might have a spokesperson answer it for him now. But if the, if the order would've said Operation enduring freedom to Afghanistan, would you have stayed in then because you felt that was a just war? I, I, you know, and, and if that's the case, you know, then that's more dirt on him too.

(28m 59s):
Because it's like you don't get to pick which war you go with. We'll go back to that in a second. But how about the politics of it? Is this a political hit by you? Do you, We, we started this long before he became governor. I mean, when he started running for Congress, he was then, it wasn't even us. Tom Hagen did Tom and Hagen put out the first news article saying Stop calling yourself a retired command sergeant major This because he's been, this is in addition, in addition to the other problems. Because not he's been overstating his military rank. Right. You're not, you're a retired master sergeant. You literally played one on tv.

(29m 39s):
You basically, and now we look at his NGB 22. What's that? Well, that's his discharge document from the National Guard. His date of rank is actually May 1st of oh five. he retired on the 16th. Right. So he was literally a sergeant major on paper, conditionally promoted for 14 days. Wow. And in the guard world, that may have been zero days because he may not have that, may not have coincided with a drill time. He has said that over and over and over called himself a retired command sergeant major.

(30m 20s):
Oh yeah. And we have pushed back against that. And we tried doing it, you know, relatively quietly. And, you know, we're, we were ignored that this was leading up to the, the Governatorial race. If he would've never mentioned the sergeant major thing, we may not really be sitting here. No, I got it. Well, Well what about his, his defenders say he was one for a short time. Well, why can't he say I was one? Well, he could say I was a command sergeant major who is now retired, but he can't say I'm retired. command sergeant May, who cares? Yeah. Co Well, again, I guess civilians probably don't care, but you should care if you're in the military, it would be, I say, I forget his name, the sergeant major that said this.

(31m 7s):
I wish I came up with this. But when we are in basic training, you're all the same. You're all a bunch of pack of privates and then somebody's gonna be in charge and you're gonna get an armband that says corporal, or you're gonna get an armband that says Sergeant and If. you get medically hurt. And let's say you put out of the army, are you gonna say, yeah, I was a sergeant when I was in the army? No, you, you played one. You were conditionally promoted for two seconds to play one. A basic trainee just to help herd cats. Okay. So now, now you're, you're out on the street and you're claiming that you're, you were retired, something that you weren't, You guys are retired Command Sergeant majors. Yes. Correct. How much extra training goes in? That's an E nine versus an E eight.

(31m 48s):
Right. How how much extra did you really have to do to get from the EA to E done? Two years. Just to, to keep it. You're gonna, you're gonna, here, here's the difference on active duty If, you get selected to be a, a command a sergeant major, an E nine. We'll just say, then you're gonna, there, that's a PC s move, a permanent change of station to Fort Bliss. You're gonna go to the SAR Majors Academy. You're gonna be there for a couple of years, then you're gonna graduate just like graduating from a, a college. Okay. So you're, and then you are officially a, a, a SART major at that point. If you're on the reserves or you're a SOCOM force. So special operations command like Delta Forest Green Beret, stuff like that.

(32m 32s):
Those got, and National Garden Reserves. We do a two year distance learning course. So we have to do it, it's almost more of a problem 'cause it's, we have to do it at night on our own after we worked all there. All other stuff we're, we're doing it on a computer and take doing our classes that way. And then it culminates with like a two and a half week stint down at Fort Bliss where you do your final papers and stuff like that. And then you, then you're done. Would it have been nice to be able to skip all of that after 14 days and still have the title One day out of every weekend for two years?

(33m 12s):
That, that you, you tell your family, shut up, get away from the office. I gotta work this. I gotta rehearse my speeches. Yeah. I've gotta I've gotta go through all this. So when you see somebody saying they are one, when, you know they're not one, they didn't do all the sacrifice from the family and the personal time. Well how does it make you feel? Well, It, it burns the, the Command Sergeant major corps, the E nine core across all of the military. I think it'd be like, I I, I reckoned it to the same as a, a person that's like in a, in a training to be a doctor. And they, and they frock him and he can, he, he can wear a doctor, whatever badge in, in the hospital and go through the halls and, and act like he's a doctor, but he's still in training. And then then all of a sudden he decides he drops out of the school.

(33m 56s):
'cause that's too much work. I don't wanna do it anymore. And but then he still walks through the halls and says he's a doctor. I mean, if a civilian saw that they'd take the, he he'd get thrown in jail. And you know, this guy, he's a military impersonator with that. It's like, I'm, I'm using, you know, like you said, he is a retired command sort of major. He said it so many times that it just makes a person sick here. Yeah. He, the, the state of Minnesota said that he can say he's a, you know, he, he served as a command sergeant major, which he's never said I served as a command sergeant Major. He, he blabs that he was a retired one. And that's where, you know, this originally came out with me like in 2015 and 16 because we had a Veteran's Memorial that was getting dedicated. And he came down as the congressman spoke to the small town.

(34m 39s):
And it was just, I'm retired. Oh, you've seen all the videos. It's, he said it six times, six, seven times. It was in the paper. And a neighbor that sang national anthem, he, he says, God, I got to meet another command sergeant Major. He said, that's two of them I I've met. And I was like, he's not a retired command sergeant major. I said, he didn't do the school. I went through the same things as Paul said. I said, the guy looked at me, he goes, we don't know that this needs to get out. And I said, well, I figured somebody above me, whether, you know, whether at at state level or you know, somebody would've corrected em and told 'em, you know, we cease and desist from what you're doing. Right. You're lying, you're doing it for political gain. It's making you look better than you're, you're, you're wearing a 12 point rack in your head, but you got, you got Bambi's body basically is what, what you're doing.

(35m 24s):
You're, you're not that Here's back to your friend Adam Smith. And by the way, I mean this guy's, the ranking member, meaning the most senior member there is on the Democrat side. 'cause they're not the party in power in the house right now. So he's the ranking member on the Armed Services Committee speaking to this is this issue of waltz calling himself a retired command sergeant major here, watch it. He was promoted to be a command sergeant major. So at one point he served in that rank. Now the way it works, which is not something that people aren't familiar with the military would be aware of. You have to do a little bit more to be able to retire at that rank. Okay. So it is not wrong to say that Tim Walls was a command sergeant major.

(36m 7s):
He was, it is wrong to say that he retired at that rank and that came out a couple of times and they corrected it. Okay. And you can see where, okay, he's both retired and he was a command sergeant major, but he is not a retired command sergeant major. That is true. And I think that is a very innocent mistake. You just had to do a You're laughing a little bit. Why are you laughing? Yeah. Yeah. Paul's not laughing. He's gonna have to touch me. Yeah, you're you're, you're okay. Calm down. No, but you know that, that's the thing right there. Okay. Yeah. It's just an innocent little mistake in there that he did whatever.

(36m 48s):
I wrote this letter to Tim Walls back in 16. I, I, I said, you know, thank you for your service. Thanks for what you've done for veterans, you know, thank you for your 24 years. But I said, you know, you were down here and you were saying you were a retired command sergeant major, you're not. And I had the state state command sergeant, major personnel officer tell me that he can only say he is a retired master sergeant. I mean, it was, it's all out there everywhere. He was officially demoted, just so people know. I'm sorry, it's in paperwork. You can look it up. He was demoted like his, right. So He tried to retire as a command sergeant major and they caught him and said, no, that's not what you were, but keep going. So command to man, I sent this letter to him. I, you know, it was like soldier to soldier. He is like, no, give him a chance to just come clean, fix it.

(37m 29s):
You know, just, yeah. What, what Even Van Jones, I think is the guy's name on CNN said, you know, just come out and, and have a news conference and come clean so we can get over this, whatever. Hell, he'll never do it. He never did it back then. I I, he could have easily done it. He could have said, yeah, yes, I screwed up. I didn't know I was it that was that. And I think it would've went on water under the bridge. That's where Colonel Cobe had to say, well, I, I sent the letter to the Armed Services Committee then after I never heard nothing back from Jim Walls and the Ag Committee. And every, every one he was on, it was like, you know, this guy is lying about his rent. Nobody responded. He still hasn't responded, which is why we're here together. Exactly. It's, I mean, he, it's like, what? Well, he never will. He'll have a spokesperson say he missed both.

(38m 9s):
Well, so, or something. So here's, here's what he has said. All right. We're gonna play some of his sound here. Where, oh no, he, he didn't really address it. But after this all hit, he got out there and did a couple of announcements at various rallies. And we'll take a look at one of them. This is so six in his rally. Right after, after the vice presidential announcement, My dad served in the army during the Korean War. And with his encouragement at 17, I joined the Army National Guard for 24 years. I proudly wore the uniform of this nation.

(38m 55s):
The National Guard gave me purpose. It gave me the strength of a shared commitment to something greater than ourselves. And just as it did for my dad and millions of others, the GI Bill gave me a shot at a college education. That was before all the controversy hit. He knew you guys were out there, but that's how he tried to spin it in his first appearance. Like, Hey, here I am. National Guardsman, in response to which you felt what? Just he's what he grab his leg. What does grabbing the leg do? Calms him down.

(39m 36s):
He, he just said that it was the biggest commitments and his exact words, I can't, it was bigger than himself. Right, right. Bigger than himself. And I'm like, no, it wasn't. He he is, he's the pinnacle of everything. Right. Everything he does. And says, A couple years ago I did an interview and in that I said, he's a habitual liar. He lies about everything. He lies about stuff that doesn't make sense. And, you know, and again, here, here we got the, the Chamber of Commerce coming out. Yeah. You were in the, the Nebraska National Guard. You came to the Minnesota National Guard.

(40m 18s):
Why? I don't know. Let's talk about, oh, you, he, he says all these things like I was a, I was a, I was a football coach. You were assistant coach and you were fired because of a DUI that you lied about being deaf on Okay. To try and get out of whatever you were trying to get out of there. I mean, it just, it's just one habitual lie after another and they keep piling up and eventually you can't, there's not enough blankets to cover it up. You heard Adam Smith suggest there's a couple of times, you know, a couple times he, he mistakenly said he was a retired command sergeant major. We put together just our own list that we could put, that we could find of him saying that he was a retired command sergeant major.

(41m 2s):
It's not just a couple of times. Here's, here's more than that. In SAT one, I'm a retired command sergeant major. This is Congressman Tim Wallace. He's a retired command sergeant. major in the Army artillery as a 24 year veteran of the Army National Guard and a retired command sergeant major. I am a retired command sergeant major in the Minnesota National Guard. I have A unique privilege in Congress is that by being elected from this district and being a retired command sergeant major, I am the highest ranking enlisted soldier to ever serve In Congress as a 24 year veteran of the National Guard and the Red Bull Division. And a retired command sergeant, major Congressman Tim Waltz, also a member of the Armed Service Committee and Veterans Affairs, Democrat of Minnesota, highest ranking enlisted soldier ever to serve in Congress.

(41m 49s):
Enlisted in the Army National Guard at 17 and retired 24 years later as Command Sergeant Major and served with his battalion at Operating Enduring Freedom, Retired out as Command Sergeant Major. So When you first came to Washington, you were a retired command sergeant major in the Army National Guard. Oh yeah. We misspoke a lot That you misspoke a lot. A lot. And by the way, just so, so the record's clear, September, 2005, Minnesota National Guard discovered that his paperwork had been filed, that it was erroneous saying he was retiring as a, as a command sergeant major. And they updated it to show that he retired as an E eight Master Sergeant September, 2005. Correct. So every single thing we just showed you was after September, 2005.

(42m 31s):
Sure. He knew that he had been demoted and he continued to say it over and over. And then there, there were some vets who went to his office in 2009. Right. To say, stop saying that and stop saying, which you heard somebody else say in there, which he has also said with his sign that you are a veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom, which is saying you've, it's not what's what If you were a vet of Operation Enduring Freedom. Which we are What are you saying? What did you do? I was in Bosnia. He, he doesn't have an expeditionary medal. Anybody that was that, that, that would've at least had an expeditionary medal.

(43m 15s):
He has none. He, he was not awarded that the, the general public thinks If you say Operation Enduring Freedom that you went to Afghani. Yeah. That's that's literally what what the civilian That's what I thought operation Will say. I mean, if I say Operation Iraqi Freedom. Right. You pretty much know what it is. Operation Enduring Freedom covers Afghanistan when he isn threw that spin on his thing all the time too. He's accepted both. Right. Both, both have been said about him in introductions that he served in Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. And he hasn't corrected he's allowed it to stand well. Exactly. And that, and that's the sad part about the lies that he spends is that he's, he's out there, he allows things to get said that are lies. And there's, there was campaign publication sent to, I'm in the first district there and I'd get him in the mail and I'd look at it and be, I'd just be like, you gotta kidding me.

(43m 58s):
I mean, can he, can the guy just have some, some loyalty and some integrity and, and do the right thing when nobody's looking? I mean, that, that's the thing that I've always, you know, integrity is being on a deserted island as a soldier and shaving your face with a seashell, If, you got one that If, you get re If, you get rescued, you look like a soldier. I mean, that's doing the right thing when nobody's watching. And he does the wrong thing when everybody's watching, trying to get away with it and, and putting a spin on it so we can get another vote and, and hopefully get in the next level of office. And that's, that's what's just sad about this situation. And, and, you know, the, the, the whole point of us coming forward is it, it's not it, it's not just, it's ev it's everything together.

(44m 40s):
It's not just that he misspoke about being a command sergeant major. It's not just that he lied directly to my face and other SART majors and officers faces about his commitment to going to war with his, with his units and also the confidence that that brings to soldiers that are gonna be in the trenches with you. It's, it's not just it, it's everything. It's about him. Weapons in war. So I I, yeah, I'm, I, we're gonna make sure that the weapons that I carried in war don't have fall into the hands of civilians or whatever. And I I, and I'm like, you never were in War Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago.

(45m 25s):
And dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army and I hunt and I gave the money back. And I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks. We can do CDC research, we can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. He and he, and he says things to Gold star families that lets them allude like when I came back, they told us to watch the Oyster whisper move on. And I go, yeah, 'cause you were in Italy.

(46m 5s):
Okay. No offense to anybody that was in Italy, but when you're sucking down a latte and people are getting shot at, there's a big difference. Okay. And I, and everybody has a role to play, don't get me wrong. Everybody has a role to play. But the point is, is that take honest accountability for the role that you play, but Most guys who did not actually serve in Afghanistan or Iraq would never say they served in Afghanistan or, or Iraq. No, I, I don't know anybody that's done it myself, just on the civilian side, let alone somebody running for an office at all. And absolutely not at national level. This is just unbelievable that somebody can, can have that live spawn and still be doing it.

(46m 47s):
You know? I mean, it comes out that he has a coin that has the CSM on on it. Yes. Yep. But he gave out and gave out to Congress or people Did he misspoke there? Yeah, He was saying retired command sergeant major on the Harris Walls website. Right. She had to pull that. He's still saying the Minnesota Governor's office is still saying it. Right. I mean, he's held onto this, even though, you know, people like Adam Smith suggest, oh, it was a mistake and he didn't, it's been brought to his attention for every year he's been doing it and he continues to do it. It must mean something to him. I do wanna tell you, we interviewed, we interviewed the cast of the movie Reagan, which is hitting this weekend. And one of the cast members is Dan Lauria. He played the dad in Wonder Years. And in this movie he played Democrat Tip O'Neill, who was friends with Reagan, even though they were across party lines.

(47m 31s):
And the real guy, Dan Lauria served in Vietnam. He was in, he was in the Marines, but he was quick when I said that to to point out. And he's always quick to tell you, he didn't actually fight in Vietnam. He was stationed over there. He got sent over there and then they got pushed to Okinawa and then there were all sorts of reasons why. And, but he wants people to know that. Exactly. And that seems to me the default. Most guys are trying to make sure If, you ever overstate what they actually did. They try, they correct you. It's, it's, it's, people understand. It's not just, we don't wanna overstate our importance or our, the commitment that we made to the country or the things that we did for the country and ourselves and the bam and our families.

(48m 14s):
But for what, I don't understand this. When you say that you served in a function that you didn't If you served in combat, let's just go there. I served in combat here or I did this, there you are robbing, you are robbing that suffering and that commitment and trifling it down for all the men and women that we have sent in the harm's way and have not come back or have come back less and the people that have their tortured memories, okay, and, and, and everybody that did that commitment, you belittle it. You're taking a piece of their thunder and you're trying to capture it and putting it in a bottle for yourself and use that for your own benefit.

(48m 59s):
That's why, like I told these guys, he is a self licking ice cream cone. If anything he says can come back to him, he'll do it in a heartbeat.

(49m 8s):
I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details. Apply

(50m 9s):
This NFL season all FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it come to Life Live 21 plus in present in Virginia offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday Ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal, cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(50m 42s):
He's just utterly incompetent. Look how he handled the, the, his own National Guard during the, the, the, the Well. He said there was a reason for that. There's a reason he didn't deploy them. And we'll show you that soundbite too. Lord. He had a, he, he's got strong thoughts about what, how the National Guard should be deployed and I guess he didn't think they were appropriate to go out the first couple of nights. We'll say soundbite five. He didn't think that they were appropriate to go out. The first couple of nights of Minneapolis burning post George Floyd Mayor knew what he was asking for. He wanted the National Guard and what does that mean? I think to the mayor, yes. I think it's a perception. I'm certainly not questioning that. I think the mayor said, I requested National Guard. Phew, I'm out.

(51m 22s):
This is great. We're gonna have massively trained troops. No, you're gonna have 19 year olds who are cooks. That proves that statement right there proves how much incompetence, how incompetent he is. Okay. Because he didn't even evidently know that he's got a battalion of mps. He evidently didn't know that he's got, at any given time, there's 300 personnel that are trained, rotated through, because I was on it. You, you have 300 people that are trained, and this all came out into the report. Right. That rotates throughout for 300 people that are trained for civil disruptions and natural disaster.

(52m 5s):
They have the riot gear, they have the shields, the helmets, the training, the whole nine yards. They are on call in 24 hours. They should have been able to mobilize them and have at least 300 individuals out there on the ground. Was that an insult to the National Guard? Absolutely. Oh, absolutely. It was an insult. When you, when you look at the statue of the Minuteman, I think it's in Lexington, Kentucky, where, where they have the bronze and, and he's the minuteman and the, and the reason they're the minuteman. He, the, the, the statue's got one hand on the plow and the other one on the rifle. And that's the why they're called a minuteman. Because when a call goes out, you got one minute to drop your plow, grab your rifle, and go fight. And what he's saying right there is the absolute truth.

(52m 46s):
I mean, those people would've been on the ground there, there would've been a contingent of 'em there in hours. And once that was done, the warning order would've went out to the rest of 'em that, Hey, if this goes south, you guys need to be ready. And that they, we would've swarmed the cities from all corners of Minnesota and the whole damn division would've been there within two days if that would've been called out. What about? And we would've sent all of 'em, people packing the cities wouldn't have burned down and it would've solved a lot of civil What about it, Rodney? Because you were part of the unit that did deploy to Iraq Yep. With a bunch of 19 year old cooks. Well, actually I did have mechanics. My cooks cooked in Iraq. But, but I Also had, I had, I had the Amil guys and we hauled Amil through all the radio relay points.

(53m 35s):
We also carried fuel up and down MSR to all the radio relay points and, and their food and supplies. And we also had one, one of my platoons did convoy escort missions. So, and then I had all the mechanics who fixed all the trucks. Well, he makes it sound like they're a bunch of knuckleheads. The people I have were very skilled. I mean, some of the most skilled soldiers that are in the service, because you can't just take a 19-year-old cook and have him try and repair a Humvee. Okay. You know, and you can't, it's the, the mice soldiers were so professional, so proud of 'em, both men and women.

(54m 19s):
But the 19 year old cooks all know how to shoot a weapon. Weapon. Yeah. They, they all know how to do combatives. I mean, all the training we went through, everything they, they did exactly like any other person on the ground did. I mean, Tom, the, the bottom line is those 19 year old cooks, they went, they deployed. Oh yeah. And your unit lost cement. And, and that's on the deployment. He skipped, Like what he was saying about the gold star families and Kathy Miller, you know, she's, she's gold star mom of Kyle. And we made a bronze of him, likeness of him in our memorial. He was killed as part of your unit that deployed. He was Killed on 29th of June and 19-year-old kid, 19-year-old kid. And he worked in the, worked in the, the electronic side of it.

(55m 0s):
And he, they went on a mission. They had a mission planned to go get jamming equipment to put on our Humvees. And he had a dream that he was gonna get wounded or die on this mission. And he, he, I mean, his dream literally was consumed him. He went to the chaplain and the chaplain said, you know, If, you feel this strongly about this mission. I can probably get you off of it and you can, you know, you know, if it bothers you this much, I can get you off it. And Kyle said, If, you did that. And somebody else went my place and they got wounded or died I'd never be able to live with myself. That's what Kyle told the chapel. He went on a mission and on the way back, they, they backed over a a, they hit a IED that was buried in the ground.

(55m 41s):
He was in the backseat behind the driver, and it blew up. And, and he died there on, on out in the middle of the damn desert in Iraq. And, and his body was sent home to his mom and his family and, and a 19-year-old kid. And, and like Kathy said, you know, never really thought about it until this came up with Tim Waltz, but she said Kyle went on the mission. He he did not refuse to go on it. 'cause I feel bad. I got something better to do. Whatever. It's his duty. He, he knew it was his duty to go on that mission. He was the guy qualified to, to get this equipment and, and put it on to try to save o other people's lives. And he went on it and he lost his life for our country. And she's like, Tim Wal didn't do that.

(56m 22s):
He basically said, I've got better things to do. You know, go pick somebody else to go on a mission, you know, whatever know, get that dumb farmer Tom Barens, he'll probably go, yeah. You know, and whatever. And, and then I'll just sit back here. And you think he's not losing sleep at night now because he didn't go. Yeah. Like Kyle would've, he he would, he would've been one of the 22 a day. If he would've won on that mission, he would not have been able to live with himself. Right. Because it would've bothered him to the end. If any of us would not have went, it would've bothered us to this. We would not be here right now. I guarantee it. Because When you think, when you think about the fact that this guy could be a heartbeat away from the presidency Exactly. From being the commander in chief in charge of all the armed forces and saying who deploys and when, how does that make you feel?

(57m 5s):
And, And more importantly, helps determine, you know, could determine rules of engagement. Well, and then he even put you, you know, politicians putting military, well, he could be in a situation room like Kamala was when, when the Afghans Afghanistan fell, if She was the last one in the room. So You're not raising your hand and saying, no, this is bullshit. What's going on? Right. This is ridiculous. I mean, we're we're, I mean, I I literally was in the, some of the worst depression in my life after that. When I saw that going down. I was like, I'd watch the news and I just, my gut just, I just was empty because it was just, I saw what happened in Iraq when they withdrew, and it was not the greatest there either. 'cause you know, you look what happened to the vacuum there with ISIS coming in, and all of a sudden we're doing the same crack worse in Afghanistan.

(57m 49s):
I mean, people falling off of planes and, and Abbey Gate and, and, and then those people, those brave heroes there that died. I, I was just, you gotta be kidding. We're doing it again. Did You Yeah, go ahead. And all I wanna say you, one of the things I would like to reiterate and, and, and, and punch through on this is, you know what fear is? Fear is a reaction. Bravery is a decision. And walls has made the wrong decision. He's not brave. I call him a coward because he's, because he took the easy path. He took the path of least resistance.

(58m 30s):
And I'm sorry, but Yeah. But when you, when you go over there, things get ugly. They get ugly fast. You're gonna see things that you don't wanna see. And you're, you're, you're gonna deal with that. And I just think that he is an exact result. And why we have stolen ballor. People make decisions that are cowardly and they come back, or, or, and they try to lead vicariously by robbing other people's, you know, all the other soldiers and all the benefits that we did and all the sacrifices. They want a piece of that.

(59m 11s):
And they feel slighted. And so, or they feel like they made a mistake and this is how they're making up for it. You know, fantasy land, You know what his defenders will say? What about President Bone spurs? Yeah. At least he served in the National Guard. President Trump got out of service in Vietnam by saying he had bone spurs, which they didn't believe. And so who are the Republicans to cast stones? Wouldn't you rather have somebody who at least served in the National Guard versus somebody who skirted military service altogether? Not somebody that's a turncoat trader. Is, is how I would put it. I mean, that, that's the thing. If, you served in it and you did what he did for 24 years. All of a sudden said, you know, when I looked up, looked up the Turncoat definition, you know, in the Revolutionary War also, it was like, you know, that's what this guy did.

(59m 56s):
Because he literally, and, and I used to call him a deserter also, because he left his post, he left his duty station and he walked off into the sunset. I say slithered a lot of times that he, that he slithered out of the armory. But he walked into the sunset, never turned around, never had any intention of ever coming back to the military. He, he, he was gone and Right, because I've got better things to do. So he took his uniform and he literally turned it inside out and went off into whatever other realm he did and which was vote against anything that went on on in Iraq, vote against Gimo, vote against wherever. And by the way, that's Gimo would be a good place for him to end up at, I think. Oh Boy. Or 11 worse. But you know, that, that's how I look.

(1h 0m 38s):
It, it, it's just unbelievable. But How do you compare that, right? I mean, Trump chose not to serve it all right? There, you got the knee. What do you, what do you make of that? How do you reconcile that? Here's what I'll tell you is that, let, let's, well, one, you get apples and oranges and then two, I'll say, well, president Donald Trump decided to do battle in a different form. And at least, you know what, he's been shot by the enemy. He was a good, the enemy closed in and took action against a former president of this country and tried to kill him.

(1h 1m 22s):
And he got wounded in action fighting for the rights and the constitution of this country. We all took an oath to defend the constitution of this country, right? And not walk away from it. Not go get married in Tiananmen Square. Not, you know, you know, go around lying about carrying weapons at war and everything else. I mean, that he's lied about. I mean, there, there's morality decisions, there's ethical decisions. The army, you know, he's supposed to be the pinnacle of the army values at his position.

(1h 2m 4s):
Anybody that knew me at, that served with me in the, in, in the, in the military when esp, you know, even when I was a brigade star major and I had 5,000 soldiers, and everybody that knows me knows that I don't sugarcoat anything. If I don't like you, I'll tell you, I don't like you. If you're terrible at your job, I'll tell you, you're terrible at your job. If you're doing a great job, I'll tell you, you're doing a great job at your job. But you know, the army, val, you know, honor, integrity, I mean selfless service. Where is all this, you know, I mean, loyalty loyalties, I mean to his, his soldiers and his country.

(1h 2m 46s):
And the oath that he took, commitment, candor, all those in the non-commission Officer Corps. I mean, he, he didn't, he doesn't support any of those values that we hold dear. And if, and If, you give him a pass. If you're in the military, you gave him a pass because he, he left in the middle of the night, went left, his troops lied about everything. You know what? You, you need to look in the mirror and reevaluate your, your ability to, to say what you're saying. Does he have to speak to this? So far he's gotten away with not saying much. I mean, what would you like to see him do?

(1h 3m 27s):
Apologize. Apologize to the, to the number one, to the first district for buffaloing him for 10 years, basically. You know, I mean, number two, go to Congress and tell whoever the highest ranking person that actually served in Congress, not him, apologize to that person and say, you know, I guess I was lying that whole time. It looks like it's you now. You can wear the 12 point rack now and have the crown as being the, being the person that, that should deserve to say that. I mean, What about, what about Kamala Harris? I mean, what she skirted it too. Like I, I'm, I think everyone should be proud of everybody's service, right? Well, yeah, that's a nice way to put it.

(1h 4m 8s):
But, you know, that's the problem with what he's, you know, he, he, he, he ended up bringing this on himself. All we are are the messengers of what he has done. And that's the problem that's out there is that he, he, he laid out this whole book of chapters of what he's done. And the lies, lies, lies. You know, just continuous saying what he's doing. Stolen Valor right down the line. And, and we're, we're just fed up with it. I mean, it is like Colonel k finally, when he heard Kamala say that he was a retired command sergeant major, that's when he brought out his statement on this whole issue. 'cause he couldn't stand it anymore. He sat silent for years saying, I don't want nothing to do with it.

(1h 4m 48s):
I'm happy being just a, a I'm happy being a civilian retired colonel, whatever. And then you, then you hear this and, and he, and that's what tripped his trigger. How about you guys? Why did you come forward? Why did you think it was, I mean, you don't seem like guys who love the lime, the limelight, Roddy and Tom. Well, the thing is, I, I got nothing to gain from this at all. The only thing I have to gain from this is, is from the heart. Because this information needs to be out there. The general public voters need to know this. They need to know what they're getting with Tim Walls. What are they getting? They're getting somebody that I would classify his, his service as shameful, absolutely shameful to be not abandon your soldiers.

(1h 5m 34s):
And it's, it's just wrong. How about you, Tom? I think big series that I'm in is this the dishonor he has put on the rest of the soldiers as far as, like I say, the valor using it against a civilian, like I was saying before, running Congress and I'm kind of, I'm kind of beat up or I'm, I'm kind of like he's gonna possibly be the second in command in our country and the leadership I've seen all the way through. I think that's really scary. If I could actually bring up something else that, since this started, there's been all kinds of news stuff coming out that all the different people coming forward and it's, some people say something about the, the kids he had or whatever.

(1h 6m 17s):
And then you got the, probably the thing alarms me the most on this, that I heard on the news was he's been to China 30 times. Yep. And he's a high ranking person. And, and in Nebraska they had artillery unit and they were dealing with classified stuff that they were firing. And he went to China like for 30 times. And I think that's really suspicious. I'd really like the more about that before we've got enough problems with China, with people buying off some of our congressmen that's all over the place. Besides, besides the lying about the combat he was in, besides the Stolen Valor and, and all the stuff he did now with the, it's just not right.

(1h 7m 2s):
Especially with China, They're looking into that right now. James comer's doing an investigation to make sure that everything's okay with the numerous contexts with China. He got married on the anniversary of Tiananmen Square for that reason. So he would always remember his wedding anniversary and said he was treated like a king over there. That they gave him all sorts of gifts and that he was living a lot better than anybody else. And it is a little odd. I mean, for sure. It's, it's a little odd. So Fucking and If, you sold out your guard unit and abandoned them. I mean, what are you gonna do at the national level? I mean, it's like the state. I mean, he literally, like when the third dish, third precinct got burned down, I mean they, the reporters overheard that being said that it was gonna be a gift to the rioters. Let's just let them burn that down.

(1h 7m 43s):
They allowed Yeah. And abandoned it. And then, then maybe they'll feel satisfied and go away. Well that didn't work. I mean, they just, they got emboldened and went and did further. And that's exactly what's going on with this situation. I mean, it, it If, you do this to a guard unit and you abandon them and, and you do all these lie pathological lying going on. What, I mean, what are you gonna do at the national level? What kind of feedback have you guys gotten from guys, you know, en enlisted guys since you came forward? Well, I, you know, it's just been amazing. I would have have to say I've gotten, I've gotten to meet some of the greatest patriotic Americans I ever even knew existed out here. There was a Pakistani cab driver today that was just unbelievable story of coming here, immigrating here and working to get citizenship and doing everything right and how he was complaining about the migrant crisis.

(1h 8m 36s):
And you know, how they, everything is just given to him from schooling to housing, to whatever. And all they do is stand around and smoke pot now. And, and you know, and the soldiers that have come out. I mean, it's just unbelievable reconnecting with, you know, I haven't seen Paul in a long time or Rod for years. And, and you know, you see all 'em and you hear a lot of good comments and Yeah. And there's a couple of people that are willing to fall on the sword for, for Tim Waltz because, you know, everybody's got a friend somewhere. I think maybe, you know, I, I was surprised Tim had any, but I guess that that's, that's another point. But you know, that, that's the, that's, and I, and I've gotten some harsh comments, But it, they make me smile because when I see them, I know I'm doing the right thing.

(1h 9m 17s):
'cause when I'm getting under their skin basically, and, and they're calling me a, a traitor for calling him a traitor, it's like, I'm not a traitor for doing that. I mean, I, I don't, I can sleep well at night, know what I'm doing is the right thing. And I could go to, if, if the election goes and he gets in on November 5th or whatever date it is, and he's in there, I, I can honestly say, well, I did all I could do to try to, to try to save this country from this tyrant. I mean, that, that's, he's an evil man. And if, if nobody does anything to stop this evil, then, then it'll persist. And that's why we're all here. We're, we're here because we wanna stop this from, from going forward. Yeah. I mean we, I've gotten, I will say that I received my first piece of fan mail.

(1h 9m 59s):
Oh, really? You know, a couple weeks ago. Yeah. I'm not gonna say who or where, but I, you know, If, you're watching, you know who you are. You only person who mailed me one, I'll say for Michigan, Was assigned Djt big black Sharpie. No, Yeah. It wasn't in, you know, no, it was good. No, that was good. And then conversely, you know, I get the, the pushback. I, I don't know that I get as much pushback as Tom gets. And then, and then there's reasons for that. Some of it's because one, them angrier, they know you're tougher. And I, but they, but they, but I do, I have, I have gotten some shady emails, you know, basically that are, I wouldn't say out and out threatening, but stuff that I just wanna go please that I, I will say, I will tell you people that I do pray to the good Lord above every night that I really hope you show up.

(1h 11m 1s):
Oh Boy. So I thought that was going a different way. So, So, you know, I, I don't know what tree you think you're barking, but it's not the one you Yeah. So, but I Mean mean Tom will not be there to touch the leg. If, you show up Paul's house And then, but hold your own legs. Own legs. Yeah. But I mean, yeah, I mean overall, I'd say 98% positive. You know, a lot of, a lot of guys, I don't know, a lot of, you know, special operations guys. I mean just, just guys across the board that have just come out and said, thanks for bringing this to the forefront.

(1h 11m 44s):
'cause this really needs to be dealt with. That's, that's how Audi our audience feels. After Tom came on, we asked for a response and it was overwhelming the number of military guys, gals, veterans, their families who wrote in 99.99% on your side. Cool. It was, I mean, they're not only very moved by the whole story, they're very angry that he's doing this and they can't believe the media is dismissing it. And some democrats, most Democrats are dismissing it as a nothing. The only thing that the Democrats will give on is yeah, he shouldn't have said he carried that weapon in war, but he just misspoke. But it's part of a pattern, as you guys Know. I mean, it's, it's a pattern of, you know, once you misspoken enough times, you just, obviously you're alive.

(1h 12m 26s):
Well, pathological, pathological. It's just right, right out there. This got problem. He just, he just never, it's the thing is, he never, he never corrects it, never, never apologizes to him. Right. Never says, you know, he didn't even say he misspoke himself. Right. I mean, and this isn't make believe this is fact. It's kind weird. It's Knowable weird. That's kind Of weird. It's knowable This. I think he's weird. Weird. Very weird. You guys are not weird. You're the best. God bless you all. You're very brave. You're brave in many ways. I really appreciate your service. Thank you for serving when he wouldn't and you as well. Honestly, you guys, thanks for going in there and doing what we need our guys to do to keep us all safe. We appreciate it. Thank You. We were there for, thanks for letting us, Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.

(1h 13m 12s):
And no fear. This NFL season, all FanDuel customers can bet five bucks and get three weeks of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. So if you've got a hunch you can watch it, come to life. Live 21 plus and present in Virginia, offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged. Seasonal. Cancel any time no refunds, terms, restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.