
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the president's plan.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe your small business expanding into a new space. Am mid-size company planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment. Whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. As we've been telling you, controversy has been swirling around the Pentagon all week. You've heard that everywhere with reports of quote, total chaos in the building. NPR reporting. The White House is looking for a new defense secretary, which team Trump says is fake news. But three of Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, top aides, Dan Caldwell, Colin Carroll, and Darren Snick did lose their jobs last week.


Reportedly as the result of a leak investigation, they were looking into who's been leaking to the media. These three got offered up as these sacrificial lambs. Now they deny that they leaked and they say that they still support Pete Hegseth. You heard from Dan Caldwell on the Tucker Carlson podcast on Monday and today, one of the remaining two who was fired. Colin Carroll is here with me. He served as chief of staff to Deputy Defense Secretary Steven Feinberg, at least until last Friday.


You've heard about tariffs recently plus inflation. Supply chain disruptions. It's a lot, but there is a silver lining that most people missed. President Trump specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from the tariff talk. The administration preserved the ability to diversify into precious metals. If you are concerned about your savings, consider a free consultation with a Birch Gold precious metals specialist. The first step is to Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive your free, no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold and silver in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. Consider texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit Right now.


Colin, thanks for being here and Thanks for having me, Megan, and thanks for Your service. Thank you. What branch of the military did you serve in? I am still in the Marine Corps Reserve, still in, and I was active duty for a while. Okay. And you you were deployed? I was deployed, yes, ma'am. Afghanistan. Afghanistan three times. Wow. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate it. So you wound up working in the Pentagon. How? So? I graduated from the Naval Academy aerospace engineer. Went in the Marine Corps, did my time as an active duty intelligence officer. Weirdly, not doing a lot of intel things, but mostly in the force reconnaissance community deployed a bunch of times. I left the Marine Corps. I continued to serve as a duty civilian for a while doing some other jobs.


And then I left the DD to go work for Project Maven as a, as a Marine Corps Reserve officer. So in the office of Secretary of Defense, 2017 to 2019, it's an AI program. From there, I went to Johns Hopkins, I went out to industry and then I left. I was at Andrew Industries. I left Andrew right before the, the administration started here and I, I joined to be the deputy's chief of staff. Okay. So it, where is Steven Feinberg in re relation to Pete? He works directly for Pete and he is the Deputy Deputy Secretary of Defense. So the normal way things work, the secretary's kind of up and out, up being towards the White House, out being towards, You know, the combat commands, our allies and partners, and then the deputies down and in.


So running the day-to-day operations of the department. And so you were his chief of staff and who was Pete's chief of staff? Pete's chief of staff was Joe Casper until I think earlier this week He's gonna, we're gonna hear that name a lot. So you two were sort of parallel in parallel positions, correct. He was for the, the top guy. And you were for the number two guy? Correct. And how does Dan Caldwell fit in the one who went on Tucker? So Dan is a close friend of Pete, or probably was until about a week ago. Dan, I met Dan in November during the transition. Dan was kind of the guy in the back of the room when Pete interviewed me back in November. And he was with the secretary all the way through trans transition confirmation. He joined as a senior advisor doing policy ops work in the secretary's front office.


He and the secretary go way back to probably a decade plus ago doing veterans work and, and things like that from, from the past. How about Darren? What's Darren? Darren also is an old friend of the secretary, worked together for probably a decade plus again, in the, in the veterans community doing veterans work. He is an advisor to the secretary, was an advisor to the secretary until last week for really like workforce personnel things. And then he became the deputy's, sorry, he became the deputy chief of staff to the secretary maybe a month and a half ago. So one under Joe Casper? Correct. Okay. So you knew all these guys while you were working at DOD for the past. I, I worked with them closely every day. Okay. And, and You know, you were brought into the Trump administration.


You hadn't been at DOD until Trump won. I was not part of Trump won, actually, no, I was just a regular career. I mean, until Trump, WON this Time until Trump won in November. That's correct. I joined this time around. Yeah. All right. So just personally, tell us a little bit about yourself. How old are you? Are you married kids 40? Married? I have a wonderful baby boy. He's nine months old. My wife's pregnant, so we're having a second one here in the later this year. God love her and she's probably gonna kill me for saying that on, on tv, but I just did it. I live in outside DC and I really, really wanted to go back to the Department of Defense in 2021. I was fired by the previous Deputy Secretary of Defense, which is now I have the honor of having been fired by a deputy secretary and a Secretary of Defense, You know, in a five year period.


Yeah, I really, really wanted to go back and I can, I can talk about why, but Sure, Yeah. Why'd you get fired first time? Well, First time I got fired, I worked at an organization called the Joint AI Center, the Jake, I was the Chief operations officer, so I was responsible to make the organization function. My job was to cut programs. I, I got there, they had a lot of bloat. My job was to reduce it to, from 30 things to maybe five to eight things. You were Doge before Doge was cool. I was doge before Doge was cool. And as a part of that, You know, I did not make friends. In some places, you, you take people's money away, but in, in that era, in the department, you couldn't get rid of people. So there was just lots of unhappy people that didn't have any money to spend on their programs. And they, they, You know, complained to the IG about me.


There was a morale survey. The morale is very low. The quote that I love the best is Colin Carroll had his foot on the throat of innovation at the Jake, which is really funny. Anybody that actually knows me knows that I'm, I'm pretty innovative person and I'm very supportive of innovation. But that was enough to get me tossed. And I'll be honest, You know, I'm a marine, I'm a direct person. I can be abrasive. I'm sure that I didn't handle every situation back then entirely. Well, so, You know, no harm, no harm feelings, live and Learn. Well, no one's alleging that you needed to get fired this time because you were abrasive towards staff, et cetera. You've been accused of something far more serious, as You know. Yeah. Okay. So you get back into the Pentagon and you are working as the chief of staff for Pete's right hand man, his deputy.


And you're dealing with all this cast of characters that I mentioned, and at least the Darren and Dan are both close to Pete. You, but you didn't know Pete. No. So if you think I, I volunteered to go back and then I volunteered to be the deputy chief of staff. I was supposed to do a different role. I volunteered to come in and in the very beginning and, and kind of set the foundation for him to join and then get him going. And then he asked me to stay. So I said, I'll, I will stay for a couple years. You Meaning Pete or Steve Feinberg. Steve Feinberg. Okay. The other guys were actually called by the secretary and said, Hey, please come join me in the administration. I cannot be successful without you. So different, different story.


They, they upended their lives to come as well. But I volunteered. I was not a, a phone call saying, Colin, we really need you to come. I, I just really wanted to come back and let's Just set the stage on ideology. I listened to Dan Caldwell on Tucker. He's, I think very much aligned with Tucker's view of foreign policy. More dovish, less hawkish, very anti NeoCon. Right. Both having come to that organically over the years. But Dan actually fought it was, You know, as a soldier. And so, You know, has a personally very committed view towards it. And, and you're in that camp yourself or No? Well I can tell you, having been in a war for something like two and a half years of my life total, I am not a fan of going to places that I think we, we have no real policy objective and then our military officers are not really understanding like the strategy to win.


We don't even know what winning is. But I'm not a policy person quite frankly. I was brought into by the right thing at the right cost, which is a completely different problem that the department has and that is a really intangible problem that we're trying to fix. Intractable problem I should say. That's me. I think Darren was brought in very much on the workforce side and the military health side to try and rectify some of the problems there. And Dan is a policy ops person. So his, his role was UCOM policy. So Europe. Europe and CENTCOM policy. So You know, the Middle East, that's what he focused on. You know, that Dan alleged that he's not a Leaker, he leaked nothing and that it's possible he was fired for his ideology in particular his position that we should not be getting into a war with Iran.


What do you think of that? I think I watched that. I think that maybe Tucker was kind of had an angle there and honestly when we were fired, I don't think none of any of us knew exactly what was going on. So when he filmed that, I think it was still very nebulous as to why we were fired. You and I Are talking on Friday, it's been a week since you're firing, right? He interviewed with Tucker. It came out I think Monday morning, so Correct. So he probably entered over the weekend. Yeah, I think that since then we've learned a lot more. And that's from, You know, friends in the White House, friends in the building, the Air Force os I investigators. I talked to the media blitz of people that have called us saying, Hey, here's what the White House or Sir, here's what the Department of Defense is leaking about you Right now.


Can you comment on it? And so I think we have a better, I and then honestly, Joe Casper did a on the record interview with Drop Site Super Joe Casper, just for the record again, is the chief of staff to Pete Hegseth. Correct. Or was up until a couple of days ago. Yeah. And is has been moved out of that position in this same time period. And he is been sort of, I don't know if we'd call it a demotion, but he was a staffer and has been changed into a special government employee, which is different and less scrutinized position. I think the, The way to look at this is you have political appointees, IE people that were vetted by the White House and were appointed, some of them are senate confirmed, others are like me. I was just a political appointee.


Joe was a political appointee as well. He is no longer a political appointee, so he's no longer a part of the Trump administration. He is a basically a part-time employee of like Elon. He's got sort the same role, Same, same exact, You know, hiring mechanism. I'm not sure if it's exactly the same thing. 'cause sometimes you can be part-time, sometimes you could be full-time for a certain PO period of time. Like Elon was like full-time for a certain period of time. I'm not a hundred percent sure what Joe says is Why would they move somebody who's a political appointee over to the position of special government employee. My understanding that there was a meeting in the White House last week, maybe Thursday or Friday morning, that was kind of a, hey, how do we do damage control on the, You know, own goal that we created here.


And out of that meeting, there were two kind of outcomes. One was what to do with Joe and one was what to do with the three of us. Hmm. And You know, this is from people I've talked to that were not in the meeting, but got the debrief after the meeting, the secretary was told basically Joe needs to move out of the role of chief of staff. I'm not sure it was related to the investigation, the actions of last week or if it was just Joe was not the best chief of staff and they were kind of frustrated with him And we can talk about why, but he was basically told move him and kind of do it in a quiet way. And, and You know, and then at that turned into that wasn't that quiet 'cause somebody leaked it outta the White House or wherever. And then it was in the press, that same meeting, You know, they looked at what to do with the three of us.


And my understanding is there were some parts of the White House that were very supportive of retaining us and bringing us back. And then, You know, there was some evidence that was, he's Doing air quotes for the listening audience And there's some evidence of that was told that may or may not exist. And because people said, Hey, there's evidence here and, and I was also told that someone said that we failed polygraphs, the presidential personnel office decided get rid of them on Leaking. Correct. Okay. Alright, so let's, let's go back now and set that up. So you're, you're running along. Things are going I guess. Okay. But before this whole dust up started, which really started at the beginning of April, I I think like when you get this phone call from this political reporter, but prior to that April 2nd phone call, how, how was the office operating?


Yeah, I mean you have to understand the dynamic between secretary's office and the deputy's office and like a, what I'll call traditional administration, which I don't think is always the right answer. But traditionally how it is is the secretary's chief of staff and the deputy chief of staff have a very close relationship, talk to each other 10, 20 times a day and are ensuring that what the, what the president wants from the White House is what the secretary's vision is. And then the deputies, You know, delivering those results, the key thing there being taking words and memos and then making them reality. I was brought in because quite frankly, like the one thing I'm really good at is making shit happen. That's what people pay me to do and I'm very, very good at it.


I'm not the best chief of staff. I'm learning too, but I know how to take words and build a team and make it, make it reality. The secretary's office really struggled with the word team, both internally and then with the deputy's office and then with the rest of the building. That was my observation. How so? Well, You know, you, you said at the beginning here that people are kind of, this is the story about personalities and people like that's actually 100% accurate. Like most things in life, it's a story about personalities and people. I'm a firm believer in the fact that you need to be able to build a competent team, trust that team. You can have arguments with that team, but then you can go out and grab a beer afterwards and everybody's kind of able to have a, a relationship no matter how tense it gets in the office.


And, and this is a super stressful environment, right? You've got something like 200 executive orders in, in 45 days. We're, we're all running as fast as we can. There's a lot of pressure coming to the White House. There's also just like the daily operational stuff that's happening and then there's the constant continuous rhythm of things that happen that need to happen to make the department run. Joe was a very non-traditional chief of staff and he may have been brought in to be that maybe nobody knew he was gonna be, that, I don't know, I didn't make the decision, but working with him was very difficult. And I think there's out there in the press it's, You know, the White House, other people in the department. It's not just me. I, I really struggled to get a relationship with the guy.


I tried really hard, but I couldn't do it. He didn't wanna talk to me, didn't wanna include us in meetings. I don't know if that's his personality. If there's something from his past history that said like this is how to do it, but you can't run a 3 million person organization by kind of like having a cabal of five people and making decisions. It's like shotgunning memos out. That's not how, that's not how change actually happens. And so I, I don't think that we ever, we struggled as an administration to really put a functioning team together because You need to be in communication with your counterpart over in the sec secretary's office. And that man was not receptive to dealing with you very well. Right? Yeah. And, and You know, you can say, hey Al thing has said something like packages.


So if you, people that have listened here and have been in the department understand that a package is basically like a decision paper that's coming from somewhere in the department that has to get staffed and coordinated. It's typically a really long process. It's arduous. The last administration was non-functional because they couldn't make decisions because they really wanted consensus before a package came for a decision. Well the department's like not a, You know, just 300 organizations, you're never gonna get all them to, to have consensus, but you still need at least some level of process to coordinate things and, and get them through and get them signed by the secretary. We just really struggle with that process. It was, it was people running in and out directly to the secretary, Hey do this.


You know, people finding out about it weeks later or or days later and going like, how the hell did that even get signed? Like I don't think the lawyers looked at that, like that type of stuff. I'm all about moving fast and breaking things and people that know me know I move fast and break things, but I also try to do it in a way that protects my leadership and sets us up to actually execute the thing that we're trying to do. Mm. So It's hard to do if you're not even in on what's happening behind closed doors in the secretary's office. Correct. Can't really execute on that. I used to, I mean, yeah, a little bit of a black hole up there, but my way around that was to talk to people like Dan and then Darren when he became the deputy chief or the deputy chief of staff. And I actually thought up until a week ago that we kind of worked a process by which we could function, I don't wanna say like around Joe Casper, but just with Joe the way that he was because Those two are on the other side.


They're in more on Pete's side and you're on the deputy side where you're kind of the worker horse, the workhorse. Correct. So if you could get Dan and Darren talking to you, it was a meaningful end around Joe if you couldn't get Joe's attention. Right. And honestly Darren's role as deputy chief of staff was to kind of be the chief of staff. Okay. That was it. Alright, so that was working and you were all in alignment with Pete, right? I mean it was like, let's just settle that. Is there, was there a divide between you three guys and Pete in any way? No, The only thing I would say maybe in the secretary's office that there was a divide about was whether Joe's fit to serve in that role. You three, well nobody ever asked me Had one opinion And Pete, nobody ever share asked me. But if they had asked me, I would've said, yeah, I don't think so. It's not working So unfit how, how so From my observation, just not responsive.


Sometimes not there, not, not always giving the best advice to the secretary on like how to do things. I think for example, had they wanted to just get rid of us, they could have said, Hey, the advice here is Colin, Darren and Dan aren't aligned anymore. They're an obstacle. Whatever the case is, let's just terminate them for cause because we serve with the pleasure of the president and the secretary. You could literally just get rid of us. But what they did instead was they tied us to a leak investigation. There is a real leak investigation. We can talk about that to the extent I'm allowed to share. But there is one, they tied us to that when there's absolutely no evidence and it made no sense. And then they basically publicly executed us. And I'm not a hundred percent sure what the reasoning was, but that, You know, any, I look at that as soon as it was happening, I kind of realized what was happening and all I could think was this is totally going to backfire here and not end the way that you think it's gonna end.


But for whatever reason the advice that, that the secretary was getting from Joe and some of the other people there was, yeah, this is gonna be great To get rid of you three And, and just the way that they did it. Right. So what happened, let's just back up because, all right, so you're going along, it's not perfectly smooth and you've got some problems with Joe and I can see from some of the comments he's made, for example, to journalist Ryan Grim. He's not your fan either. No. But then on April 2nd you get a call April 3rd, sorry, you get a call from a reporter at Politico named Lipman. Right. Last name Lipman. Correct. And this is where things start to go sideways and get us to this point where everybody's fired.


So this guy, Yeah, I think that's accurate. Yeah. This guy calls you and you didn't like this guy because two weeks earlier he'd done a hit piece on you about your firing, your earlier firing at DOD that we just went through. Correct. So no one wants to see that written about in Politico. It wasn't very nice. Politico never is. Yeah. So not towards Republicans or Republican administration. So this guy calls you and what do you say, his phone's in your, his number's in your phone because you dealt with him on the record Was Yeah, I was able to give him a comment via my public affairs office. It was all known at the Pentagon. Dealing with him when they were doing the hip piece on you was not forbidden. Like they knew, You know, I mean it was the deputy's office. We dealt with it and I gave him a comment and he wrote his piece.


Okay. But it wasn't a mystery to anybody at the Pentagon that Collin's getting hit by Politico and we're gonna allow him to make one statement to them. I don't think it was a mystery. No. Okay. So that happened and then his number was in your phone because they connected you with him? Yeah, He, I called him to give him a comment. Okay. I just, I think I texted him a comment just to make sure that, 'cause my comment if I said something on the over the phone probably would've been vulgar and not very good. So I, I wrote it and texted it to him. Okay. Very good. But yeah, he called, I picked up the phone and I literally, I was driving outta the parking lot of the Pentagon and I said, Hey, are you calling to apologize? To which he said no. And then he just basically asked me, Hey, have you heard anything about an investigation into Joe? And I said, no.


An investigation into Joe Casper. Correct. The chief of staffer? Correct. Pete xf. Okay. And had you I had not, no. That was the first you heard about Yes. Any, any investigation into Pete? Correct. Or sorry, into Joe, not Pete. Correct. Okay. It will later be alleged that you orchestrated that phone call from Dan Lipman. I read that in Ryan's piece and I Joe Is claiming this. Yeah, That's what Joe said. I've read that, that You, you wanted an IG investigation of him or had started an IG investigation of him and somehow manipulated Dan Lipman at Politico to call you. Now I'm doing the air quotes where whereas really you were the one who had first reached out because you wanted to see in Politico that there was an investigation into Joe.


Yeah, From what Ryan told me. 'cause I, I went on the record for Ryan as well and he kind of walked me through this when he called like the most batshit crazy interview he's ever done with Joe Casper with Joe is that Joe had about six stories for how this occurred. Ranging from, there was never a call ranging from Colin called the reporter. Colin meant to email the reporter, but accidentally emailed the public affairs office That is reflected in Ryan's report. It's clear Ryan thinks Joe's all over the board on, on suggesting how this Yeah. And so went down. So I'm not a hundred percent sure why, like the facts are the guy called me. I texted Dan when I got home after dinner and said, what do you want me to do? I got this call. He called texted Dan Caldwell.


He said, yep. He said send a note to Sean Parnell, who was in the public affairs office, which is exactly what I did. He's basically a spokesperson for the Pentagon now for Pete, correct. Yeah. Okay. We know Sean. Yeah. Alright, so, and you did that because we have an email from you to Sean saying, Hey, I got this call from this guy. Yes. So you, but you maintained And I talked to Sean the next day. He called me, I think it was a Friday afternoon. I was out in the field throwing the ball to my dog. He called me and I told him the same thing. That you'd gotten this call Correct. And that you didn't, you didn't, did you speak with Dan Lipman on anything of substance? No. Okay. So what did you tell him? I said, I dunno what you're talking about. I, I don't know anything about an IG investigation. Yeah. Okay. And the comm shop basically said, don't have further communication with him?


No, no one, no one said anything to me. Honestly. Sean was just like, this is crazy. I don't know anything about it. And that was it. I mean, okay. Yeah. So this is early April. Have, have any leak investigations happened yet? Have the leaks? I don't have it in my mind. When the leak was on the Panama Canal. On the Elon, yeah. Briefing at the Pentagon. Had it, had it started already. The leaks. It Definitely started. The leaks had started. But did You know anything about an IG investigation into who the leakers were at that point? No. Let me walk you through the investigation real quick 'cause it is kind of confusing. So there were leaks. There were probably four or five that the secretary cared about and said go investigate.


These were in like the February, maybe March timeframe. The ones that are out in the press are the Panama and then Elon visit, and then I think they're, they mentioned another one about maybe seizing or stopping or starting Ukraine aid. I forget which it was. Yeah, I just, I have just a little timeline here. On March 5th political with the story on, we stopped intelligence sharing with Ukraine on March 13th. NBC news went with the big one, which was Trump White House has asked the military to develop options for the Panama Canal. March 20th, the New York Times with the story, the Pentagon set up a briefing for Elon Musk on potential war with China. That one was said to have infuriated Trump who saw that it would be inappropriate to brief Elon at the Pentagon on anything happening with China, given his business interest there.


March 21 political ran a story entitled Trump sends second aircraft carrier to the Middle East and ramp up against the Houthis. And then we had the signal de debacle with Jeffrey Goldberg that hit the press and that dominated the media for quite some time. Then on March 28th, wall Street Journal ran a story. Hegseth brought his wife to sensitive meetings with a foreign military official. And here we are on April 3rd where Acting Pentagon Inspector General Steven Stevins said he was opening an investigation into the Signalgate story. And shortly thereafter, April 15th, the three of you, April 15th and 16th, the three of you were placed on leave.


So, okay, so when we're back at early April and you get this call from Politico, we'd had leaking, but we hadn't yet had an announcement of investigation into leaking. It might not have been announced, but there was definitely an investigation going. Okay. We talked about it internally and walked through, Hey, what's the best way to do this? I don't exactly remember when Joe signed the memo saying, Hey, we're chartering an investigation. But there was an investigation. Okay, So he was the one initially to get the IG on the case. It's actually not the ig. Oh it's Not? No. Oh, it's the Air Force. They Went with the Air Force Office of Special Investigations investigation. I think Air Force, OSI, which is, You know, the Air Force has Air Force, OSI Navy has NCIS, the Army has Army CID.


These are like the criminal investigative units of the services. The Air Force was assigned to do this one. So it Could have been anybody, but it was the Air Force. I think It probably could have been anybody, but maybe there's, maybe the Air Force is like the executive agent to support Office of Secretary of Defense. I'm not sure. Okay. But they started their investigation and they've been doing an investigation in two weeks. I I talked to them, I can, so we were put on leave And we were then terminated. So I was put on leave on a Wednesday, terminated on a, on a Friday. The other guys were Tuesday Air Force oi by the way, is doing its investigation. None of us talked to Air Force. Oi, I can walk you through how I was like escorted out, but it was, it was very funny.


I mean there are these two older gentlemen. One guy had been Pentagon for 47 years. They came from Washington headquarters services like administrative security. And You know, the dude was like a national hero. He, he was, he had a cane because he burned his legs with jet fuel on nine 11 trying to like save some other airmen's lives. And he was like an E seven in the Air Force. And the other gentleman had a cane too. So it was the slowest perp walk of all time. I like walked down to these guy's, You know, room in the basement and they would walk me out after, You know, talking to me for 30 minutes. Super nice. Don't fault them at all. They just read me out of my clearances and then said, You know, like, what's going on? And I like, what do you think guys think's going on? We had a conversation, but were They the ones who told you you were fired?


They did, yeah. Okay. Well they told me I was put on leave. Actually they didn't really know what status I was in. They were like, we're not sure. We're trying to find out, but basically, but get out basic, we gotta get outta here. Yeah. Okay. And so I spent the next five days messaging people in the department to say please send Air Force OSI to talk to me. And over on on Easter Sunday, I got somebody called me and said, Hey Air, a friend of mine called and said, air Force OCI will reach out to you. I've been bugging people, like literally every two hours they called, they came into my house on Monday, they made me sign an NDA, which I think is a little strange, but, so I'm not gonna talk about the details of their investigation.


I did talk to the agent, he told me that I could defend myself of accused and, You know, kind of talk about the generality. So I'll, I'll tell you this now. What they told me is that they were not involved, the actual people doing investigations were not involved with any of what they termed the HR actions of the previous week. So they've been investigating leaks and they have leads, in my opinion, having talked to them. But they were not involved in the three of us being, being put on leave fired. It Wasn't their decision. No, it wasn't their decision. They weren't even looking at us. They got told after that like, Hey, go. And my one question to them was, I, I was told by people that I know in the White House that the secretary said that he had evidence and I wanted to know like, what is that evidence?


And they said, we have not been handed any evidence to start now they didn't read me my rights. It was a super informal conversation. I, I offered them to take a polygraph. I offered them to take my phone. I told them I did not leak anything. I did not leak anything classified or unclassified to the media. I've not had a single conversation with the media that wasn't on the record sanctioned by public affairs since I started at the Department. No texting, no emailing, no communications at all, nothing. I've had people email me and I just send them to the press sec. The, my a guy at deputy's office who was like the public affairs guy. That's it. Have you been told by Dan Caldwell or Darren that they leaked?


I've been told that neither leaked and honestly I don't know them super well, but I can tell you that Darren Darren's job was workforce and culture. Darren did not sit in any of the, like the things that you just read off there on the, on from the news, like DAMA attack plans. Right. Darren didn't sit in any of those meetings. Darren probably doesn't even know what the hell's going on there. And so I can assure you that Darren did not leak any of those things. I truly believe that. But Darren would've had access to those, Dan Would've access to every one of those things, or You know, maybe half of them he would've had access. I know Dan now, and I work with him pretty closely. I do not think that Dan leaked either. And I heard him say it on Tucker that he did not leak any classified information related to any of this stuff.


And I Believe him. He never told you that he leaked? No. He denied to you that he leaked? Well, so yeah, he denied to me. Exactly. But what what what happened was I was on the way back from the White House, I was at a meeting and I was with the CIO and somebody texted me a tweet that said Cuomo was escorted out. And so my first thought was, well, at first thought I was like, shit, maybe he leaked something, honestly. And I got back through the office and I was, and people were kinda like, yeah, maybe it was a talk of the office, but there wasn't really any information. I went to a play with my wife, I think I told you yesterday, I went to a play Annie. And in the middle of the play I got a message from someone as, or maybe someone sent me a la I don't even know it was Darren.


Darren is now escrowed down. So it immediately got really suspicious at that point. It's like, this doesn't make sense. I didn't think Dan would leak, but I know Darren didn't leak. And then I, I got messages from friends of mine on the Senate Armed Services Committee towards the end of the play that said, Hey, a reporter called us and said that you're the next person on the list. Hmm. And so, You know, I'm showing my wife and my wife's like, Hey, do you wanna stay? I'm like, no, the sun's gonna come out tomorrow. We're gonna, we're finishing this play. Right? And so I get home, I called Darren and Darren said, Hey, this is kind of what happened to me. The two guys with Keynes came and they were super nice about it. And he's like, I I heard you're next. And so like yeah, I just heard the same thing. I messaged my boss and said, Hey, I heard I'm next from the Senate Armed Service Committee, heard from a reporter.


And he, he kind of was like, nah, it's not true. And then of course, the next day I go in. So I was kind of prepared for it. I, I wasn't shocked or frustrated. I just, You know, I was as nice as I could be to these guys. I gave one of 'em a ride 'cause I, one of the cane. Yeah. He had to wiel, he had to go like all the way down to the gate and I didn't want him to have to walk all the way back. So I gave him a ride around the Pentagon and dropped him off. Wow. Yeah. So you left the building having no idea why you got fired? No, I knew I didn't leak anything, so I knew it wasn't that. And to this day, has anybody told you why you got fired? The only, the best thing I know is what Joe told the reporter, which is we were fired because he thinks that we created Back to Joe Casper, the chief of staff.


I mean he literally said this is why they were fired. So that's the best I've got. Suggesting that you were the leakers, correct. Yeah. Okay. On an IG into him where I can show for sure that we did not leak. That I, I mean I talked to Dan and Dan wasn't like, oh yeah, that ig, like he didn't know what I was talking about. You Sorry, just to clear that up, he, Joe Casper says you guys leaked or suggested that he was the subject of an IG investigation, correct? We're not, he he didn't say that you were the Panama Leaker or that you were the Elon Leaker? No, he didn't say that. No. But Pete seems to have suggested it. Right. 'cause Pete went on Fox and Friends. Yeah. So forgive me for just calling him Pete every time, You know, we're, he's s a long time he's Secretary hangs up to me, but to other people to speak Dan Darren, I mean no dis disrespect.


Yeah, I Well Dan Darren, he's Pete. Yeah. So myself and Deputy Feinberg, he's the secretary. Secretary hangs up. But yeah, he's Pete and, and so yeah, the reason I'm here today, quite frankly is because I feel wrongly accused. I know for certain I did not leak anything. I know for certain I didn't do anything else that's criminal either. And after his interview on Fox and Friends this week, I felt like one, I'm being told I can't talk about my investigation, but he is directing the investigation and on national television basically saying everyone we're a criminal or maybe not, maybe we're gonna be exonerated. I don't know. It was kind of a a a bit of a, it was hard to interpret what was going on.


Yeah, I'm here because I want the American public to know the truth. I think that your viewers, you have got a lot of viewers and I think this is a good medium to do that. And I think from the truth, I'll be able to show that I am innocent and hopefully be publicly exonerated, which are really what I'm looking for. And I'm also hoping that we all learn some lessons from this because we've got another three and a half years here and potentially more. And there are some how to build a team and people type lessons that we need to learn. And if the secretary's gonna be successful going forward, if he's not gonna be the secretary and there's gonna be somebody else. Like we need to learn how to build a team to accomplish the President's agenda. The three of us are not deep state, we're not disgruntled former employees.


Like two of these people are very good friends with the secretary. And I'm just a person that literally upended my entire life to come back into the department, gave up a great job, gave up seeing my eight month old kid during daylight hours, seven days a week to, to actually try and deliver what the president wants. And so yeah, I'm here to kind of get that message out. You Feel betrayed? I don't feel betrayed. No. I think Dan and Darren definitely do. I'm not, I wasn't that close to the secretary, so I don't feel betrayed. No, I feel When you saw Frustrated but not betrayed when, When you saw Pico on Fox and Friends and You know, kind of made it clear what he thinks happened. Here's, I'm gonna play just a little bit. So people, people know how he sounded because we were, he was talking about the the terrible press that he's been hit with since you guys got fired and here it is in so 34, What a big surprise that a bunch of a few leakers get fired and suddenly a bunch of hit pieces come out.


They take anonymous sources from disgruntled former employees and then they try to slash and burn people and ruin their reputation. Not gonna work with me because we're changing the defense department, putting the Pentagon back in the hands of war fighters and anonymous smears from disgruntled former employees on old news. Doesn't matter. So that was on Monday at the White House at the Easter egg roll and then he doubled down and went further on Fox and Friends the next day, which I'll play. But are you disgruntled? No, I'm not disgruntled. I actually wanna go back. I very much wanna go back and work with Steve. It's been an awesome 90 days. I think that we have a great next three and a half years in front of us to deliver what the president wants.


You know, I'm the type of person, if you ask people that know me, I'm very confident in my own abilities to solve problems if I'm part of the solution. And I really wanna go back, I don't know if they'll take me, I've no, there's the path back or not, but that's what I want. Well I mean he did seem to suggest, You know, this could come out a different way. Like maybe they did it or maybe it was someone else. So there seems to be a window there on like who actually did the leaking. Here he is on Fox and Friends on Tuesday slot 32, A series of serious leaks at the Pentagon, which there were Panama Canal plans, Elon Musk's visit, you name it. Any number of things.


And there's 4, 5, 6, 7 things. We said, enough is enough. We are gonna, we're gonna launch a leak investigation, which we did, which was then handed over to OSI, which is the special investigators here at DOD. Again, if one or two of these guys is exonerated after an investigation, great, that's what investigations are for. But we took it seriously. It led to some unfortunate places, people I have known for quite some time. But it's not my job to protect them. It's my job to protect national security. The president of the United States, What's your response to that? I think that there are leakers and I think that there's a leak investigation. I do not think that leak investigation involved us until after we were terminated.


I think that if there's a path to be exonerated, we should have been placed on administrative leave and investigated and I would've been totally comfortable with that and I would've talked to OSI and done all the things I said I would do and I think the others would as well. So why would they have pinned it on you and your two buddies that we've been mentioning if you guys didn't do it? Yeah, I, I don't think that that anybody actually pinned anything on us. I think that we're, the easiest way to get rid of us was to say, Hey, it's part of this leak investigation. I actually think that Joe probably believes whatever he told Ryan Grim, like he probably thinks that whatever version of email or phone call thing, he thinks that that's what happened.


I have to Believe. But you tried to get him in trouble. Yeah, I have to believe that he actually thinks that now maybe he just hasn't looked at like the logical sequence of events. And this is my problem is just call us in and ask us And we could have said literally here's my email go for. Well why? Well that would explain you but not Darren and Dan Bald. Yeah, so what's not public is Darren got a text message from Daniel Lipman right before this all happened. From who? He got a text from Daniel Lipman. So Daniel Lipman is Oh, Daniel Lipman. Yeah. It wasn't texting the whole office. He texted half of my office. Like he's just persistent. And so D Darren got one and went to the secretary on Sunday. So the couple days before he was put on leave said Hey, I got something to talk to you about.


This is one of 'em. And I say that that I'll let Darren talk about it, but that conversation didn't go very well. There's a blow up and Darren thinks that he got flagged that way and I think Dan was flying This. You talked to Pete Eth about that email you're saying He talked about the text message that he got And Pete got angry with him. You'll have to let Darren tell the story, but there was a blow up on the phone. Yeah. On Sunday. Well I mean can you help us understand that at all? Why would the secretary be angry at Darren for receiving a text from political? Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I think that that was a super sensitive subject and I don't a hundred percent know why, but I advise when other people in our office got the text message.


I just said, don't respond to it and don't tell anybody. Just like let it die. And Daniel's a persistent guy, like what I was told last week is that this is how he operates. He just, he runs political playbook and he just like literally blasts everybody and tries to get scoops and then he tries to confirm things and then he just runs with stories. So it doesn't surprise me that he was doing it that way. Is there any fairness to the accusation that you guys didn't like this guy Joe Casper there, this is an opportunity political sniffing around him. They're saying there might be this investigation whether there is Yeah, there isn't. This is our chance to bring it to Pete and be like, the guy's a problem. Well I mean the reporter had a scoop.


It wasn't us that gave him the scoop in my opinion. I can tell you that the other two have talked to the secretary directly about Joe months before this, the White House has talked to the secretary about Joe before this. I have not, I didn't have that kind of relationship, but we've all talked internally in the, in the deputy's office about, hey, how do we work this? How do we work with this person? So I don't think it was a secret here. Now whatever the IG was about, like I don't actually know the details of that, but I've read about it in the press. I've read what Joe said on the record. Well Do we believe there is or was an IG actually Into Joe? I think Joe confirmed on the record that there was an IG and it was drug US related.


It sounds to me like it was an insane IG report and probably was some version of a weaponization of the ig, but I don't know that to be certain. And he and Joe Casper's denying that he uses drugs, he volunteered to Ryan Grim to take a drug test for 45 days if Ryan would pay for the test. But he said there's no way to, I could fake a 'cause he passed the drug test. He says, he said that I don't, I couldn't fake that and nor do I have a life like this. He said my life should be so exciting that I'm right doing drugs. Right. That that's everything that he said. Okay. So we do believe that there was some sort of an ig if it's not an official investigation, it was either ramping up or they were kicking the tires around Joe Casper. And it seems clear he was blaming you and also possibly Darren.


Correct? That's what, from what he said, that is actually the reason I believe that we were put on leave. And how about Dan, how does Dan get sucked in? Dan was CC'd on the email that I sent and Joe thinks that that email was meant to go to a reporter or the reporter was also CC'd. I mean he had some weird story. Just to Be clear, this is you sent the email after Daniel Lipman of Politico emailed you or texted you. Right. And you sent an email to Sean Parnell, the comms guy Correct. At the Pentagon to say, Hey, this happened, You know? Yeah. Now what? Or let me know, right? I didn't talk to him. Correct. And his theory as espoused to Ryan Grim is that you mistakenly sent that to Sean even though it is addressed to Sean and it's obviously sent to Sean and it lays out exactly what happened.


So I don't totally understand the, you I'm not sure misfired it to Sean. I don't know where he got that. He also, there was a version of the story that he told that was that I sent the email prior to IG existing and therefore I, I knew about it before it existed. Like I, I have no idea when the IG started. I'm pretty sure that is a very easily verifiable fact that you can ask the IG and then they'll say the date was before April 3rd or fourth whenever that call was. Do you believe his denial on the drugs? I'll say this, I don't know if Joe uses drugs or not. I don't know. Did you Ever I've heard rumors respect that. No, but I also dunno what drug users look like and how they act.


I can say that Joe was super erratic and he would be totally normal in one thing and then totally not normal in another thing within the same 30 minute period. But I have no idea. I've been told by other people like that seems like a mannerism of a substance abuser. But I don't know, and I'm not gonna allege that here. And again, he's denying that he uses drugs and is telling Ryan Grim that he passed a drug test and has not been fired. I mean he, he got moved to a different position, but if he had tested positive for drugs, he would've been Fired. I'm assuming he would've been fired. Yeah. Okay. So we're not sure. Maybe he's an erratic guy without drugs. That's possible too. Correct. But in any event, you, what you're saying is you feel he blamed you for whatever the IG was doing around him and blamed Darren and saw that Dan Caldwell was CC'd on these emails and might have had something to do with it and may not have had a great relationship with those other two either from the start.


Yeah. And my understanding is that Dan, prior to all this happening, had gone to the secretary and basically said, I'm out at the end of the month, I can't work with with Joe. So, You know, either Things were coming to a head between those two. Yeah, you wanna keep me or, or you wanna keep Joe, but like, I can't, what he told me was that he said, and this, he told me this before any of this happened, I knew about this a month ago. He had said basically, I'm trying to do the best I can in this job and I am, I'm unable to deliver the results that you need with Joe as chief of staff. And I don't feel like I'm, I'm kind of spinning my wheels. So I think he was gonna leave anyway. I don't know if he's gonna follow through on that, but that's what he told me. Mm, Okay.


So but the, the where it gets weird is at some point in this timeframe they handed the investigation over to Tim Parla. Tory, right? Pete's Lawyer. Yeah, that's what I've been, that's what I'm told. This is in the press. I actually don't, I'm not a firsthand source on any, I don't know. Okay. But the, the, if if it's true, what we read in the paper is that Tim Parla, Tori took over the investigation. This is Pete's longtime personal lawyer and also a Pentagon employee and also one of the members of the private Pete Signal. Second Signalgate two, the second signal. Oh, Tim was in that chat too? Yeah, That the reports are that he was in it, his brother was in it, his wife was in it and some group of others. But in any event, so if he took it over, that's somebody who doesn't work for Joe Casper who works for Pete.


I mean now he works for the Pentagon, but I mean his loyalties are to the secretary and my understanding is that's the person who made the call. Like he was in charge of the investigation at the time. Yeah. I'm not sure he Determined that he would get fired. Yeah, I'm not, I've heard things about who was kind of in the know, on the decisions that were made. It wasn't Joe Casper's call. It was not Joe's Capital's call. No, I agree with that. And, and, and I don't actually know if Tim worked for Joe or the secretary. I mean everybody works for Joe. I'm pretty sure in that office. All the other senior advisors worked for Joe. Okay. But My Understanding is Joe was moved to this special governmental status and he was not, he's not overseeing Tim Joe.


Joe was chief of staff until Friday last week. Okay. Yeah, but that's what I mean. Well, that, that's the day you got fired. He was chief. He was still in the role, I believe when the, when the letter was signed. Okay. Well my understanding is that he didn't run that investigation to the end and that Par Tory took it over. And if that's the case, he must have seen something that disturbed him, right? About you three guys, one or all. I would love to know what it is. You have no idea. None, No clue. You Know, I said this on the air and I've absolutely nothing against Dan Caldwell. He seems like a great guy. Actually. Everybody I've talked to about him says he is. But I did think it was a little weird just between us.


You know, I, I thought it was strange that he told Tucker he, he hadn't been polled and he, no one looked at his cell phone. But I, and I said this on my show, there are a lot of other ways you can catch a Leaker. You know, there are so many other electronic trails that you can check, especially in a building like the Pentagon. So how are we ruling out that Dan is a Leaker? Yeah. You know, OSI could come in here and give you all the mechanisms that they're using. If you told me, Hey Colin, like go run an investigation of the leaks. Here are the five or six leaks we care about. I would've started and said, what is a leak where the information can be tied directly to like a certain document or series of documents.


Panama, I think is the one. Yep. And I'm pretty sure they more plans, But Also around the time that that leak happened, it was some time before, maybe a day or two before there was a meeting in the Pentagon that the secretary took with Southcom and some others where we talked about the plan and then the leak happened. And the secretary, my understanding is that he thought that somebody in the room or on the call was involved in the leak based on what he read. Now I was in that meeting and I read what was in the news and I actually thought like the news didn't get what we got. They got something else. My gut instinct is that there was some kind of upstream preliminary document that had been created as a part of the process to staff this meeting and build the plan.


And somebody leaked that. So what NBC news had was not as advanced as what you guys had gotten To. Yeah, trust me, they're, You know, I'm not gonna say anything that I shouldn't say, but had they had the plan that we got, I think it would've been a more juicy, explosive story. Let's put that. Okay. It would've gone everywhere. Yeah. And so yeah, I would've said, okay, let's focus on the people that may have been like, let's find that document so we can actually find what she said and then what where, You know, where's the document said those exact things. And then who had that saved on their desktop? It's probably secret, maybe top secret document who opened it, who printed it? Who was editing it? Who was emailing it around? And I would've like narrowed the pool down to that group of people.


Yes. My guess is that Air Force OI is probably doing exactly that. I don't know, but these guys are professionals and they're probably looking exactly that and they may, there may be three or four other leaks where they could narrow it down that way too. I do not think that the secretary, like the deputy's office is not involved in that kind of level upstream work. Right. We're staffing final products to the deputy secretary's office is staffing final products to the secretary. So I highly doubt that that upstream thing somehow wound its way into the secretary's office. I doubt that. So I mean, yeah, could is it possible? Like Yeah, there's a million ways you could leak things. Most of those ways.


You know, if, if you wanted to get information out, you just use your personal phone because Pfizer doesn't apply 'cause you're not foreign national and You know, they have to have some kind of probable cause to seize your phone unless you wanna voluntarily give it over to seize your phone in searches. It's, it's a warrant. You have to get a warrant. So that's what I would've done. So I actually think what Dan said is they didn't come for to say look at that. Like there wasn't enough probable cause at that point. Now your point was, well it's nascent investigation and what I learned from OSI is like there wasn't even, they weren't even looking us yet. So the time we got fired emphasis I wasn't involved. Now I think they are and we'll see how it plays out. The Dan said he hadn't given over his phone.


He hadn't given over, he hadn't been asked to give his phone and he hadn't been polygraphed. Do You know whether Dan received a visit from any investigators or from the Pentagon asking for electronics back? My understanding is that Air Force suicide has only talked to me because that's, I reached out to them and basically said, please come now. We all had to go turn our electronics in. Like, I drove back the same day and handed him my laptop and my secret phone and all my stuff. I believe that Dan had like a whole safe and stuff at his house. I did not. I was in the middle of renovation, so I never got a safe installed. So I didn't have to deal with that. I do think people came and probably took that safe back at some point.


Do You know whether he did that willingly on the first visit? Yeah, I'm pretty sure they came and he just handed it over. Do You know, do You know whether there's a warrant involved? No, there wouldn't be a warrant for that. Well, there would be if he refused potentially To hand over his safe. I mean, he's no longer a government employee, so I mean if he's got Pentagon Electronics Right. And didn't willingly, willingly give them, they'd have to, they'd have to step it up and get some sort of subpoena or search warrant? That's correct. Yeah. I, I don't think he's subpoena or search warrant. They probably just like break his door down and take it 'cause it's their property. But yeah. That you'd probably know about. Yeah, I think so. So have you did, did have you talked to him at all about like how many times they've come and whether he's voluntarily given over all electronics and so on?


I just know that they came and took his safe and whatever, what other things he had. Okay. He may have driven his electronics back like I did. I don't know. I mean those would be interesting questions to have answered because You know, if there's a, any sort of a reluctance to give over this one device. Right. This is how I, I agree. Investigations go down. Right. I agree. Is there anything, is there any device that you have in your possession that you would not give if they want it? Not a single one. You wouldn't make them get a warrant, you'd hand it all over Correct. Including your cell phone? Correct. I mean that's uncomfortable, right? No one wants anybody looking through their phone, their cell phone. Yeah, I Agree with that. Even if you didn't leak anything. Correct. It's just, You know, do you worry that if you did that they'd be like nitpicking now looking for No, I don't think so.


Justifications after the fact? I don't think so. I think I'm innocent and I don't think I violated any other crimes either, so I don't think so. Well that's, that's good. Hopefully. I mean, will they, do you think they will Come get my phone or ask for my phone? Yeah, I mean I told the guys like, You know, if you want to polygraph me and get my stuff, set it up. And they said basically we'll have to go get permission or something like that. So I haven't heard from 'em in a week. Have You ever heard of something like this where somebody gets fired without getting polygraphed? Like for, for alleged something as serious as leaking pro top secret documents? Honestly, I've never, I don't know. I'm not an investigator so I'm not sure if polygraphs are involved or not. I can tell you polygraphs aren't the most admissible thing in court. No, not from what I've been told. So I'm not a hundred percent sure.


But it, I think it's a good starting point at least to see, hey is somebody, You know, I've been polygraphed before as a part of my job have. Yes I have. Yeah. And You know, it's a stressful experience but like they can interpret the results and tell you if you're lying or not. I'm pretty sure They've done enough of these. Yeah. There was a report in NBC news earlier this week that Dan Caldwell and Darren Snick, the other two had already been exonerated in this investigation had, did you read that? I didn't read that, no. Do you have any reason to believe that's true? I have no idea what's going on, quite frankly, so I don't know.


Do you think there's any chance they're working together and you're gonna be left the fall guy? No, I, I don't think there's, there's no conspiracy here. It's not like, hey, we all conspired to do a thing. Like I, it's not true. Like we, we didn't, I worked with Dan and Darren on work stuff where I would call them and say, Hey, we need this memo done or how do we want the, how do we think the secretary feels about X thing or for Dan it's like, dude, I need to get a hold of Joe. Can somebody please get him for me? That's it. So you haven't, since you got fired, have the three of you been working together on Dealing with media? We have. We have talked, but no, I'd say everyone's kind of doing their own thing.


Dan got a lawyer, that's why he's not here today. Darren got a lawyer yesterday, which is also why he decided not to come today. Yeah. I got my dad on a retainer for a buck. He probably would've told me, you're an idiot for doing this, but I mean, you're a lawyer so you, You know more than I do, but I didn't do anything wrong. So That helps. Yeah, it does. Yeah, That helps a lot. I mean, I I've told a lot of people like, don't do it if you're, if you're guilty, it's, it's really not in your best interest. Yeah. When I'm advising, You know, friends who get asked for interviews and so on, the, the, the leaks against Pete, that post date, these triple firings, Have There been some have been numerous.


So the one I saw, so like my, the deputy's office does primarily resourcing, which is like programming and budget and then execution of the budget. So at the program level, like can we build a Virginia class submarine or not on time at cost or not. That's really what we do. We also facilitate the rest of the department. But that's what, that's what we do. I can tell you having just spent the last 90 days building the 2026 budget, of which there are numerous sensitive things in there that would upset people if they got loose in the world, that none of that got loose. The only thing that I saw was the America like merge of Northcom and Southcom. That was in a news article at some point.


And that was in a budget document. Well the, the leak to the New York Times of the second signal chat came post firing and my understanding is Darren and Dan were both on that chain. So I read the article. Yeah. He said he had four people from that chain. I, and he said the article said there were 13 people in the chain. So two of the four were unemployed. I don't know if John Elliot was in that chain or not. I don't know who the 13 were. We haven't talked about him, but he's Yeah, he worked over in the comp shop too. Right. He's the one, we mentioned him in passing, but he says he left of his own volition and Pete said they fired him. So He resigned. Maybe he was forced to resign. I don't know the details, but That's a better term.


Yeah. Than fired. Yeah. I do think it was a petty move to take what John had put out in the press and said, Hey, I reported ways. Say no, we fired him. Like that doesn't make any sense to me. Like that again is an example of just the staff advising you poorly. Is that how it went down? Yes. He put out a, a generic statement saying I'm leaving and I think he Put out a generic statement like, Hey, it was great, I decided to move on. They Didn't let him save face. Right. Okay. And then he wrote the piece in political, I think he got upset. Yeah. I mean that's not really where you go when you're team Maga to. Right. I agree. I don't know why you went to Politico. I've actually never met John Elliot. I I passed him the hallway. He's been in a meeting once or twice with me, but I've never actually said even said hi to him. So it's just coincidental that he went at the same time you guys went.


Yeah, it's Coincidental. It's very strange. So do You know if he was on that private signal chain? I, I don't know Signal. I would, I Would, I would venture to guess that the answer is no. But I don't know. What did you think of how Pete seemed in his Fox and Friends interview? Yeah, I don't think he prepared and honestly I think that it was probably a bad move to do that. I understand why his team is advising him to do it. You know, he has an audience of one, it's the sec it's the president of the United States and he wanted to appear combative and he wanted to appear forceful. I'm not sure what message you really got across. Like, I, am I a Leaker?


Is it possibly exonerated you fired me? Like I honestly don't know. And we've had no official communications from anybody besides the Air Force devices that came to me. 'cause I asked them to come. The Air Force guys. Yeah. None of the other guys have had anything. So I I'm not a hundred percent sure I, and what I think of it, I dunno just to me it's an example of people on the staff that are giving him bad advice. I thought the Signalgate response when he deplaned from the plane in Hawaii was a terrible, if you look at who was in the background there, you have Sean Parnell and Joe Casper right in the frame. Then he's out there yelling about how it wasn't war plans, it wasn't classified. All he literally needed to say was, I'm the Secretary of Defense.


I got an email from General Illa that was secret and I am an original classification authority and I declassified portions of it and provided it to the cabinet team because I needed them aware of certain things. Yeah. Guess what? On a, on a text thread, somebody else started 100% illegal, or sorry, 100% legal. He is an OCA. He can't do exactly that and explain it all away. The problem is that the people that were advising him don't even know what an original classification authority is. They never heard of it. It wasn't something that they could have suggested. 'cause the team he has isn't, they're not like people that know what to do. They don't know how to protect him. Right. Mm. Which could lead to a lot of frustration on his part. Do you, do you think he's okay? You know, do you think Pete is okay?


Yeah, I honestly, I don't know. I'm not sure. I have observed a Pete that is one Pete and crushes it in meetings. For example, this is out in the press. They did like a little blog post on it. But the, the, You know, house Freedom Caucus came to talk to us about budget. It was a breakfast, they all came, it was super interesting. Their, their bus hit a hit like a signpost on the way in and shattered some windows. So they were super late, but they all came in. They're super excited to be there. A lot of 'em had never been in the Pentagon before. These are people that wanna spend less, they want a strong national security. They want a strong defense, but they don't want us to have a big budget. And they, they're afraid if we go up, domestic spending goes up and, You know, everything falls apart from their ability to balance the budget.


Secretary crushed that meeting. I, I've never seen a meeting like that. There is not a secretary in Living memory that could have done as good a job with those guys. He was, it was informal. He was super direct, he was very transparent and they left, I could tell you they left. It was like the best trip they've probably ever been on. And all year at the same time, I've seen the secretary in more internal meetings where he is super focused on like very, in my opinion, weird details and very agitated and kind of like yelling and just nothing's good. So it's like a tale of two pees. And I'll be honest, I'm not the person to ask about what he was like before and all. Like, I don't know, I'm just telling you what I observed in the 90 days that I was there.


Was there like a particular point at which his agitation stepped up? Yeah, I think, you know, roughly it was around the time of Signalgate maybe, maybe before when some of these leaks started there, there was a a, a focus on the leaks. So don't get me wrong, like leaking is bad and there are leakers And we should try to catch them. Especially when it comes to classified things. I'm mostly concerned about leaks that lead to like true OPSEC concerns where there are US service members' lives at stake and maybe less of the like policy stuff, but, but if the policy thing sinks a negotiation or something like that, like this is critical that we don't do that And we should find those people.


And I don't think that those people are people that the Trump admin brought in on the team. I do don't think it's Dan, I don't think it's Darren, I don't think it's anybody else that's a political, my personal opinion we're aligned on the mission. We all want the same thing. He was very focused on the leagues. And honestly I think it's kind like consumed the team a little bit. Like if you looked at a pie chart of, of the secretary's day at this point, 50% of it's probably leak investigation press. Like it's that, like that can't be, that is a bad thing for America. It's a bad thing for the president's objectives. And then in order to kind of combat an image, it's, hey, we're gonna go do workout with the troops. I'm a troop as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps.


I would've thought that was the fucking coolest thing in the world. The Secretary Defense is out doing pushups with me as a midshipman when he went to Naval Academy. Like, hell yes, I would've been screaming on the side too. However, I think I've matured a little bit to the point where I realized that while that is important and it's a thing to do and get out there 'cause it helps with recruiting, it just helps like with morale, You know, if you're taking a half day trip to Naval Academy at the same time, the budget is due And we really need some support here. Like, come on, you gotta weigh priorities. And so I don't know. I mean, when you ask, he's okay. I don't know. I'm not sure. I wish I could definitively say he's totally fine, but I don't know. That's so unfortunate. That whole Signalgate thing was, I mean I just don't even think it was Pete's fault.


It was like obviously Mike Wall's office committed a colossal error. Yeah, it was. And those on the chat, I guess technically should have known they shouldn't have been having this discussion on Signal. But it seems to me like they used Signal and the, the previous administration had signal on the computers and it was like they, no one was really seeing this as an insecure channel, even Though, yeah, I'll be honest with you, you go to Ukraine, like they're fighting off signal. Yeah. So it is, is the rule. Hey, don't put sensitive information on signal. Absolutely. It is. Was the information classified, like probably as an intel officer? I'd say my personal opinion is yeah, it was classified. However, secretary can just say I declassified it. Yeah, exactly. And he literally has the authority to do that.


And by the way, the, the OPSEC concerns from that. Like, okay, the bad guys that could hack it, they have radars and kind of know when we're taking off from aircraft carriers and stuff. Right. It's like they already know what we're doing and the bad guys that don't have the ability to crack it are getting bombs dropped on their head and like don't, they don't know They're not cracking signal. Yeah. So, But it's so unfortunate because it, it was a successful mission, You know, something to feel proud of and all the press around it has been about this Signalgate thing and so much of it on Pete's shoulders, even though he's not the one who added, who created the chat or who added I agree. Jeffrey Goldberg. So I, I feel for him and I'm sad to hear it's become such a distraction for him because it'd be great if he could focus on this.


I I know I can hear that you feel the same if he could just focus on the mission that it's Trying to adapt. It just adds a lot of stress that is not needed when you already have a lot of stress on like really important things. Yeah. And also, You know, we talked about, I I gave you the timeline, the audience, the timeline of all the leaks that had proceeded that signal thing. So he's already dealing with somebody internally or, or may maybe multiple somebodies, if you look at the agenda, You know, the suspected agenda behind these leaks, who's trying to hurt him? My my read is that there are, for each one of these leaks that you mentioned, and probably some that aren't even in there, there is a specific person that is doing it. It's not one person, it's a person per thing and they all have some agenda. Elon, the agenda either was someone disagreed with Elon coming and getting whatever brief he was gonna get and so they wanted to blow it up or it was someone to disagreed that maybe the White House didn't know about it and wanted to shut it down.


Right. But it's one of those two things. May is it somebody who accurately deuces Trump will not like this? Potentially Yeah, Because he didn't Potentially I would put my money more on the former, which is like someone just didn't want this to happen. Excuse me. And didn't wanted to blow it all up. Yeah. 'cause just to be clear, it's not all Pete loyalists surrounding him. And in these meetings, I mean there will be some people who maybe weren't thrilled with the choice. There's a lot of people in the Republican party who are more neo Connie or who just thought he was inexperienced and didn't belong in this role. Right. I mean, you tell me, but within the Pentagon it's not all loyalists. I think that it goes back to building the team. So I'm a firm believer in like, in order to get stuff done, you have to have a team. The, the whole part of the team is trust and you have to trust the department.


Will there be people that are trying to undermine you? Absolutely. Are there gonna be people that have their own agenda in the department of 3 million people? Of course there are. Half of 'em are probably Democrats, half of 'em are Republican. And if it mirrors America, the reality though is you can't just like write a memo and then it's done. You, you have to rely on the people to get the work done. And when you find people that aren't you, You know, eliminate them or, or put them off to the side or however, whatever mechanism you can use to, to make that person less of an obstacle. My observation from the first 90 days, and this is gonna sound weird, is that we had less of a problem from like the deep state bureaucrats in the department than we did from maybe some people on our own team.


And that sounds weird, but if you think about the department, the civilian workforce, I don't wanna say they were running scared. Maybe they would come on and say that they were scared. But You know, we, we were actively shaping that workforce to be proactive to what we wanted done. And where there were people that were like an obstacle, it was just rough steamroll over them. The military workforce is the military. They clearly have their agendas, especially at the general officer level, like there agendas for sure. And I watch some of the agendas play out, but at the end of the day, like they work for the secretary and he says this is what's gonna happen and the military goes and does it. Where I saw us run into problems was like we did not have a functioning political team process.


The people he brought in. Yeah. Really one person in my opinion, but it was, it was Joe Casper non-functioning process. Yeah. Joe just said, Hey, I realize that I'm not the right person to actually cheat the staff. I'm better for special projects. Joe's a nuanced person because he is not, he's not like a complete idiot. Right? He, he was useful for certain things and he did a good job at those things. Hey, renaming brag and renaming betting, You know, that that was Joe. He managed that whole thing, end to end, came up with a clever solution and went and did it. Unfortunately, that probably took hours of his time when he should have been like chiefing the staff for much larger strategic efforts that we were trying to do. But he did it. Now if he said, Hey, Joe's gonna go do special products like that and like knock it outta the park, great.


The secretary brought in Darren to chief, the staff, You know, from my, from my perspective in the deputy's office, I was kind of told like, Hey, Darren's the guy to work with now and this is how we're gonna do it. Joe would get mad about that and like not accept that fact. And so Now that he's gone, do you feel like it's, it'll be a more functional place Sort of gone? Yeah, I've fought through this before in the last couple days. I I like to hope so, but I think that there's a lot of water under the bridge at this point. This can be really hard to recover from. There are now, there is like actually a culture of kind of fear and toxicity and You know, whether it was the, the disgruntled former employees, like it is clear to me that there are people in the department that are actively leaking and are seeing this as an opportunity.


And I'm not sure how you recover from that. What, what I was told, You know, driving up here from the, from New York City is like they're polygraphing people actively Right now in the department. There's just like a culture fear. It's people that are like political people, You know, that are on the team and no one's gonna wanna come into that environment. So if you've created that environment, you're basically, it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy now where people are just gonna leave because no one wants to deal with that. And then your, your team gets smaller and smaller and smaller and it's gonna be really hard to, So Right. It's like, what, what was he supposed to do if people are leaking top secret information, like you have to do leak investigations and you have to fire people now whether he fired the right three people that, that's So, I mean, there are ways to run leak investigations and I actually think that there's one that's in the press Right now that has been kind of a not super public thing, which is how Tulsi ran the IC leak investigations where she just referred two people to come to DOJ and I think it was a third coming.


And like, we don't know their names And we don't know exactly what they leaked, but they clearly ran a great investigation. They probably have enough evidence to actually go, go get these people. That's not what we did here. We had Air Force side trying to do that. And then we had this like separate thing that was super public and basically totally backfired and that's why we're having conversation Right now. Right, right. And the, the, the, the Truth of it is I shouldn't even know your name. Right. And honestly, like, I shouldn't even know I'm under investigation until my handcuffs go on. Right. Like that's, that's how we do it. That's I'm a Marine Corps intelligence officer. Like that's what we do. I think how It's almost like they wanted to humiliate you. Yeah. I mean it's clear to me that there was an agenda. You know, I think I wasn't even like, es hadn't even been escorted out by the time someone was tweeting out.


Like, hey, he got escorted out that that's not a, that wasn't leaks. Right. That was a orchestrated campaign from Public affairs to say these things off the record or on background or whatever the terminology is. I, I mean that just makes me upset, right. If you have something to say, go on the record and say it. Speaking of the investigation and status of it, I, I got a call from yeah, a re a reporter at The Guardian yesterday and like, I don't want give away all the things. Maybe I shouldn't even have said that, I don't know, but you're fine. Guy called me and you don't, I was like, Hey, Guardian, Anything. I was like, Hey, I'll go on the record for you. He a he asked me to comment, I was like, I'll go on the record and state a thing. And he had a, he basically had told me that a person from the Pentagon who we determined was Tim Parlor was calling him and pedaling a theory of the leak investigation that involved the Panama Papers being leaked by a conspiracy to get Joe in trouble.


And that when that didn't stick, they called back and said, actually Collins obstructing the investigation. 'cause I have a, I have a legal team and they are working a defamation lawsuit against Joe, who by the way wasn't part of the investigation is you told me and has, he has personally told me. So I don't know how I'd be obstructing the investigation by looking at Joe, but it appeared, I was told, Hey Colin is what they came back with told him was actually he was fired because he was routing contracts to his former employer. So all I'm just telling you that there is a coordinated campaign of people in the department that are anonymous, official people that are trying to get the press to publish things about myself, Dan and Darren and probably John, but I don't know that are completely factually inaccurate and are, it is cowardice in my opinion, it is fucking cowardice.


Like if you have something to say, say it be the investigation or go on the record and say it. And oh by the way, I sent the knowledge that I got from that reporter calling me to my Air Force OI agent and said it is unacceptable that the lead for the investigation, Tim Parr's calling the press and leaking about my investigation. Hmm. I didn't reply back. We'll, we'll reach out to them and, and give them the chance to respond to all this, but you mentioned that you hired a lawyer, a defamation lawyer. I'm working with a team. I haven't hired 'em yet. Okay. So what's the thought there? Yeah, I mean, what they're telling me is that there's the federal Tort Claims Act, I think is what it's called.


But don't tell me what your lawyers are telling you that's, that's between you and them, but just tell me. Yeah, I'm just, You what general, just generally Well What's in your head? What do you thinking about? I Personally think that, that Joe, I have people that are reporters that I talked to who told me that Joe called them as the anonymous source from his personal number probably in an off-duty status, right? So like in the evening and said Colin was fired for a leaking like Ukraine and Panama. And if that is the case And we can prove that, then we will sue for defamation. If you have reporters who are gonna go on the record with who their source is on something like that, like with giving it up, that's extraordinary. Well, they feel like they were, they've been bamboozled this whole time and had been lied to.


Wow. Yeah. What do, like, what's the bottom line here? Like, is the Pentagon salvageable in its current form? Is Pete gonna make it and should he, On the Pete question, I think that's really a question for the president and like I wouldn't get ahead of that. What are you rooting for? I really wanna go back to the department. I don't think that Pete would have me back and I honestly, I'm not a hundred percent sure I would go back with him there, just based on what I've seen. Now maybe he's been told, Hey, there's all this evidence and he just didn't do the detailed look at it. But I'd have to say that for Dan and Darren in particular to be fired, the secretary would've looked at that in detail because those are his, are are his people.


So my guess is that Right now people are trying to scramble to create some evidence. That's personally for me, for the department. It's a hard question. I mean, we, we, we have not had a major challenge at this point, so I don't know how the department would function if we had say like the fall of Kabul where we had to, You know, the department had to scramble to get 70,000 people outta Afghanistan in like a week or less than a week. I'm not sure how that would something Where disorganization could really hurt us, you're saying? Correct. That's what, that's my biggest fear. It's not like single gate and all that stuff. Like whatever I I told you before, I don't think that's as serious as it as it is.


Maybe it's a lack of judgment, but it's not the end of the world. I think that my bigger fear is something, something happens somewhere on the planet And we have to perform the duties of the Department of Defense And we are unable to do it. I also personally think that with the three of us out and then some of the other senior assistants that were in my office that quit last week, like the, the president's agenda is at risk Right now. It is, it mean it is risk of, of failing, but is at risk of being accomplished on the schedule that we sat and that he wanted. So things like golden dome things like ship building, there's a team, these are really hard problems and they're massive and they involve a lot of parts of the department coordinating together, like deliver something.


That's my biggest fear. And I think that, that Mr. Feinberg is trying to probably corral the, the wagons Right now, like get everything back on track and, and moving in a direction and I would much rather be there helping him do it. Then out here talking to you, quite frankly, You never know could work out. I mean, I I think Pete is a great guy. I think he's capable of admitting when he is wrong. I realize he's in a different post now and it's a very important one and there may be many other considerations, but I, I don't know. I feel like if you get exonerated, maybe you could go back maybe, maybe they could turn the page on both, both sides. Yeah. Steve Feinberg is a super private person and will probably murder me for going on the tv, but honestly, You know, this isn't something I do.


I'm not, this is my first time on tv. I, they don't put me in front of the camera. I'm not that person. I'm the person in the background that tries to get work done. I do feel like this was the one recourse I had to try and actually explain what the hell's going on here. And, and I do think that we, we are owed an apology. I certainly believe that I'm owed an apology and I would like to be exonerated publicly. Yeah, It must be incredibly frustrating to see all these negative stories about you and to feel powerless to stop them. Yeah, You know, I don't think I've like had a chance to process it quite yet. I was working six to seven days a week, depending on the day I would get up in the dark.


I would leave at 6, 6 30. I would come back at between eight 30 and 10. Wow. 11 depending on the day. Saturday, Sundays I'd just get, like the weekend before we got fired, there was a big crisis, NSC it was like, Hey, can you come in? We went in on Saturday, we were there all day Sunday. I had a winery book with my wife. Oh, in Virginia. It was at 2:00 PM I went in in the morning, I got back around 1230. I was like, all right, we're gonna go out there. It's an hour drive. And I had to be back by four 30 to meet with my boss, depending on, Oh no, on A Sunday. On a Sunday. And then I got a note from the NS C's, like, damnit, I gotta go back to work. So I was like, sorry babe, I gotta go back. So that was my life. It was just like running full, full pace. This past week has kind of been like a vacation.


I actually feel worse for the people that I left behind in the department. Like my boss and my team who need you, who are, You know, there's, there's 16 balls in the air and I probably was the only person that knew about like four of them. And those balls have fallen and that's my fault for not, You know, having the team read in. And I think that they're probably, You know, rowing even harder now. And I left a huge gap. I feel terrible about that. I feel like I'm, I'm, I don't, I didn't do anything wrong. So like my stress level's not really high. I've not been, You know, there's not like criminal, all these criminal kind of allegations coming out like Dan has, Dan has, You know, this is his life. He is a like MAGA ecosystem person.


And if he's not credible and trusted in that ecosystem, it's not like he can go jump to Democrats or jump to the other part of the Republican party. Like, this is him. He has friends. Darren I think will retire. These guys are great Americans by the way. Like Dan is a enlisted marine who went to combat. He's a, after he got back, he's been literally serving his entire life to like make this agenda a thing. Darren spent years in the Air Force. He, after the Air Force, he's literally been trying to help veterans like me who are in way worse shape than me for the last decade and a half. These people dropped everything to come in the department. Like I'm honored to actually work with them. And when I hear things like, Joe's a great American and I look at Joe and it's like, yeah, he was in the Air force for a little bit and that's awesome.


He served, he worked for Duncan Hunter, probably not the best lessons learned from that experience. And then he went to lobby for literally all the companies that fail to make anything that works at a cost that we can afford. I don't, like, I'm not, I don't see it, I don't see the, the, the juxtaposition there is weird to me. So I feel for those two, I, You know, I feel for my twin brother who sent me a note last week and is like, they're using my photo on Twitter. No. Is is he Identical? Yeah, we're not identical. No, we're fraternal, but, but close enough. But I don't have, I'm not the most public person, so they couldn't find a photo of me and I guess they just grabbed one of Kieran, So he was really upset. You know, I've been getting threats. I wouldn't call 'em death threats, but things like, You know, we're coming for you or like, they're gonna get you stuff like that on LinkedIn.


And that's the only media platform I have. My wife's like, Hey, we gotta change the doors, the, the locks to the doors. You know, we've gotta a kid, another kid on the way. It's like, it is stressful and I just think that it could have been done in a completely different manner and I, I didn't leak anything, so I'm totally comfortable saying I'm innocent. No, nothing's gonna come out proving that you leaked anything. No. Or aided and abed a leaking? No, not at all. God bless Colin. Yeah, Thank you for Megan for having me on. Yeah. Thank you for trusting me with the story. Yeah, Definitely. After our interview with Colin, we reached out both to Joe Casper, whose name he heard quite a few times there and to Tim Parlet Tore and Mr.


Parlet tore, declined to give us a statement, but Joe Casper did, and it reads as follows, the idea there was dysfunction is an argument of convenience, which in hindsight is being weaponized by a small group who are rallying against the president and the secretary in their own interests. In 90 days, we reestablished, GMO, transferred migrants on Gray Tails, which we think is a reference to military aircraft. Added 10,000 troops on the border, protected freedom of navigation against hhy threats, redesigned installations, restored warrior ethos, and put recruitment and retention back on track. That's not dysfunction, that's success.


Colin wasn't part of any of it, but I wish him all the best. He's a smart guy with unlimited potential. We've extended an offer to both men to come on And we will let You know if they do awaiting your thoughts as well, You know how to reach me. It's megan@megankelly.com. Would love to know what you think of this whole story. Until next time, see you soon. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


You know the secret to great days better nights. It all starts by turning your bedroom into a sanctuary with Cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheet set is something special, the softest, coolest, most luxurious sheets you will ever own. Breathable, temperature regulating and crafted to help you sleep like it actually matters. Imagine crawling into bed every night and feeling restored, refreshed, and ready to take on tomorrow. And don't forget about their bamboo pajamas, lightweight, yet cozy. They're designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. It's the sleepwear upgrade you didn't know you needed, but you definitely deserve. Cozy Earth makes it easy, you get a hundred nights risk free. Plus every bedding product is backed by a 10 year warranty. So take the time to prioritize your sleep and prioritize you. Visit Cozy Earth dot com. Use my Exclusive code M-E-G-Y-N and get up to 40% off sheets, pajamas, towels, and more Cozy Earth dot com code Megan. And if you get a post-purchase survey, let 'em know that you heard about Cozy Earth from us at the Megan Kelly Show. Sleep better with Cozy Earth.


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the president's plan.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe your small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment. Whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here. Providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.