
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, April 7th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. We begin this morning with a Megan Kelly exclusive. We have at Long last, obtained the chilling journals kept by the Nashville Covenant School shooter. The journal's local officials did not want you to see a look inside the mind of a killer. I'm talking about what feels like a tangible shift in momentum in favor of a rising opposition Nationwide. Protests against Elon Musk and the Trump administration spring up throughout the weekend. Is this organic or AstroTurf and new Signal Gate details reveal how a controversial journalist might indeed have ended up in that group.


Chat all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


Now more than ever, it's important to shop with brands that share your values and that's why I wanna tell you about Nimi Skincare built on faith, family, and freedom. Nimi is proudly pro-America with products made right here in the USA. They don't shy away from what they believe. While most skincare brands are busy pushing progressive messaging Nimi never did and women across the country noticed and the products incredible. From gentle cleansers to age-defying creams, Nimi offers clean fragrance-free formulas, love the fragrance-free that are safe for sensitive skin like mine, and powerful enough to deliver real results. Get 10% off your order at Nimi Skincare dot com by using the code MK at checkout. That's NIMI skincare.com. If you're tired of giving your money to companies that do not respect your values, consider making the Switch. Nimi Skincare where modern skincare meets timeless values.


Breaking news, the Megan Kelly show has exclusively obtained from the FBI, the full set of journals written by the Nashville Covenant School shooter. These have never been published or released before. Moreover, they appear to have been mischaracterized by Nashville authorities last week. We here at the Megan Kelly Show do not name school shooters, but so as not to confuse listeners, we mentioned here that the shooter's birth name was Audrey. She was female. This same set of journals also sent to the House Intel Committee whose chairman received a letter from the FBI reading quote, director Patel is leading the FBI toward increased transparency with Congress in order to restore trust and we hope these documents assist in that regard.


The documents more than a thousand pages contain minimal redactions. The FBI says only were necessary to protect identifiable details of other individuals and or sensitive information. Over the weekend, the Megan Kelly team reviewed these documents we have permission to report on but not post them. The information contained within the pages is dark, deranged and newsworthy. It provides clear insight into the depraved mind of the killer critical context. Excluded from the 48 page report released last week by the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department and withheld now from the public for two years within the Nashville Report, acknowledgement of an autism diagnosis, mentions of writings retrieved from journals and the killer's feelings.


The Nashville report briefly references the killer's desire to transition genders, but notes she had not yet done. So it says she began using the name Aiden and he him pronouns in the years prior to her death. And that is all it says about her gender obsession. No detailed psychological analysis, no exploration of the killer's, gender struggles, feelings of racial animus, or of how those factors contributed to the slaughter. The families of the victims do not wish for this information to be public, nor do we typically spend much time quoting Killer manifestos. However, the public's interest in understanding the full motivation behind this act compels its publication.


What follows is a carefully selected portion of the killer's writings shared solely to provide the necessary context omitted by Nashville Police and hidden from the public for two years. On March 27th, 2023, the killer entered the Covenant Presbyterian Church and School just after 10:00 AM killing three third grade children aged nine and three adults before police fatally shot her Nashville. Police initially acknowledged recovering journals from the killer's vehicle at the school, though declined to release the contents citing the ongoing investigation. In their final report, Nashville Police write quote Early in the investigation it was suggested Audrey left behind a manifesto detailing her motives and intentions.


By definition, a manifesto is a mission statement or other document written and disseminated by an individual or group to enumerate or expound upon the guiding principles and beliefs that inform their actions. The Nashville Report goes on. To conclude a true manifesto is a single document outlining all of the factors motivating the event because the killer did not leave behind a single document, but rather a trove of documents the Nashville report picks and chooses from the killer's writings purporting to summarize them omitting critical details and sugarcoating the killer's struggle with her gender identity as if it were irrelevant.


In fact, the killer is highly focused on gender identity. In November, 2023, radio host Stephen Crowder published three pages of the document we reviewed, received from an anonymous source. Those pages revealing a timeline for the planned attack and messages expressing resentment against white people and their privilege, the killer herself was white. The notebooks dating from 2020 until just days before the attack in 2023. One of the final pages reading quote, I have to Kill so I can be remembered in the most horrific way possible that no one will ever forget the end. Signed Aiden, the Killer's preferred male name that Paige's detail, a deeply disturbed individual planning meticulously over years to carry out a mass shooting and then kill herself.


The killer discusses her autism diagnosis, race and her desire for quote black love and acceptance as well as her hatred of her own whiteness. Many of the writings are sexual in nature, expressing frustration with her virginity. The killer scribbling lots of information about guns and her training with firearms. Other school shootings well-documented within the pages in particular references to the gods who committed the Columbine School shooting the words dark abyss consistently pop up, whether a direct reference or scribbled into the margins accompanied by an image resembling a radioactive symbol. The logo created by the killer to represent her all consuming depression and commitment to gaining notoriety via a mass shooting.


The journals contain many pages expressing the killer's belief that she was a man and was born in the wrong body. In one entry dated April 12th, 2022 titled Let Kids Choose Their Sex, the Killer Rights Quote. I only wore some nice girl clothes as a coverup from the truth, which I denied myself all these years and I hated all of it. It was miserable being raised a girl because I had no choice. There was lack of education, research, and medicine to help society or parents better understand transgender. I didn't know trans existed. I thought you could only be gay or bi and that's the fate you had. But transgender is transcending way deeper to the core. There is still medicine to be approved by the FDA and so little research has been done.


If I had puberty blockers back then, I would've transitioned a long time ago, But I didn't know you could possibly change your sex. I'm mad that no one told me until I was 22. I feel I'm too old and too late to become a man. Now the process takes months to years. By the time that happens, I'm 30 and then 10 years later I got a bald spot on my head and look like an old man. Hell no. It's best to start it at 16 for shots, but my youth is over way past now and it's over over. How dare God hand me a training bra? When I didn't know WTF, it was as a kid, I hated it much more. I'd like to dispose my vagina. We should all choose our gender. The next page is titled Trans Man, the Killer Writes quote, I knew I was a boy the moment First memories and development formed.


Being a tomboy wasn't a phase. Parents forced children into which the way they were biologically born. I don't care what authority says, but no adult is fair when they don't let their children want to choose being a boy or girl. 'cause they think children don't know anything. The title of the following page is quote F Me, where the killer writes quote, how does it feel to grow up the gender you were born with and are comfortable and happy with it? Well, I don't know that feeling. I never did use senseless people that you don't know. WTF comes out of your mouth telling me I am female. Female pronouns make me feel like I want to die, especially called woman. I never was ever.


I hate being in a woman's body. Need to die. The next page is called Killer List And it is a list of the killers from Columbine, Sandy Hook, Parkland, DC snipers, Jeffrey Dahmer, Tim McVey, Jim Jones and others around the names, hand-drawn images of guns and bloody knives. Later on in the journal, three pages that appear to have been printed and affixed into the journal titled, I Hate The American People in it, the killer writes, quote, white people who want to take away instead of adding more, what do you call that? America is not the land of the free. It's a land full of idiots. It will only get worse in this country. Not near enough. Gods like me, America and its people all destined to soon be destroyed.


The entry signed quote, I hate you all, Aiden, after she killed six people, the shooter herself was killed by police. We will have more of the disturbing writings of the Nashville Killer on the Megan Kelly show later today and will fully contextualize them all. Coming up a weekend of nationwide protesting against Elon Musk and the Trump administration, a grassroots movement or a highly coordinated left wing activist campaign. National security advisor, Mike Wal somewhat vindicated for accidentally adding a reporter to a group chat involving attack plans against the Houthis Rebel group. All that and more in just a moment


As Americans are getting inspired to make their health and fitness a priority, let me tell you about Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. A great American company, their commercial grade Power Rack Pro has everything you need to get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system and integrated weight stacks allow you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you can do at the gym. With everyone's busy schedule, having one of these commercial grade all in one power rack Pros right in your own home can be a game changer. And if you are new to strength training, don't worry. Jacked Up Fitness offers the Get Jacked Up program free of charge led by celebrity fitness trainers, Kim Lyons of The Biggest Loser and Clark Barri. The program has full body video based workouts. You simply press play and follow along. Get started on your fitness journey today for free. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up to access the free program. And when you're ready to order your own Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code, mk. No more excuses, let's all get in the best shape of our lives. Go to get jacked up.com.


Over the weekend, dozens of rallies popping up across the country protesting Elon Musk and the Trump administration. The media openly cheerleading it. The MAGA backlash is officially here. Labor organizations, civil rights groups, veterans, L-G-B-T-Q groups, election activists, and others organized around the idea of telling Trump and Elon Musk, hands off, do you feel it yet like a tremor before the earthquake today in all 50 states and the District of Columbia thousands poured onto the streets to demonstrate against President Trump's most harmful policies. His opponents are taken to the street this weekend holding hands off demonstrations to speak out against government staffing cuts, mass deportations and the administration's ongoing dismantling of civil rights protections for all Americans.


Rally goers across the nation, all appearing to conform to similar talking points. Trump Cut. Go Hoho. Cut. Go. Dallas. Showing up. Y'all hands off motherfuckers. Hands off. Hands off. Hands off our Fighting. Donald Trump and Trump as ever since he came down that escalator 10 years ago. I'm down here in Brian Park with tens of thousands of other New Yorkers telling Donald Trump hands off our democracy. The event officially billed as hands off a highly coordinated campaign organized by more than 150 left wing activist groups, the ACL U, the Women's March move on Democratic Socialists of America, planned Parenthood all working together in opposition to Trump and Musk's attempts to steal our public services and our democracy.


Progressive activist group, indivisible, playing a significant role in organizing the events. If that name sounds familiar, the organization is also responsible for coordinating the protests at GOP Town halls in recent weeks. Trump and his people are moving very rapidly for a dictatorship and an Those program. Him or not. Elon Musk has brought a lot of really smart people to vote recently for the house budget resolution.


Those raucous town halls also picked up by fawning media and portrayed as organic events. You see how it works. Next will be the opinion polls showing how Elon's and DO'S popularity are falling. In reality, many of these events, whether town halls or hands-off events across the country, are coordinated with help from Indivisible, the Leftist organizing group founded by activists Ezra Levin and Leah Greenberg. In the wake of Donald Trump's 2016 election, the group growing into a powerful network with chapters across all 50 states accepting more than 7.6 million in total from George Soros Open Society foundations. They've got cash and are ready to spend it.


New Reporting about how National Security Advisor Mike Waltz accidentally added a reporter to a private group chat on signal editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, generating a media frenzy with an article titled the Trump administration accidentally texted me its war plans. Mr. Goldberg reporting. He was accidentally included in a chat with high level Intel officials discussing the merits of assaulting the rebel group in Yemen, despite many calls for resignations and firings, president Trump standing behind his national security team determined not to give the media the satisfaction of a scalp. Reports that President Trump was more irritated that a member of his team appeared to have Trump antagonist Jeffrey Goldberg as one of his contacts than he was at the mistake of adding him to the signal group chat, national Security Advisor waltz, maintaining that Goldberg was not one of his contacts.


So you've never met Goldberg. He's out there saying you guys have met in the past, but you've never met him. No idea. Wouldn't know him if I bumped into him, if I saw him in a police lineup, do now knew him by reputation about lying for lying about the President over and over. Go again. What I can tell you for certain certainly wasn't reaching out or talking to him at all. Why wouldn't it? Well, look, a staffer wasn't responsible. And look, I take full responsibility. I built the, I built the group to make my job is to make sure everything's coordinated to execute. But how did the number execute The, But I mean, I don't mean to be pedantic here, but how did the number get? Have You ever had, have you ever had somebody's contact that shows their name and then you have a, and then you have somebody else's. There's number there. Oh, I never make those mistakes.


Right? You've got somebody else's number on someone else's contact. So of course I didn't see this loser in the group. It looked like someone else. Now, whether he did it deliberately or it happened in some other technical mean is something we're trying to figure out. On Sunday. The Guardian exclusively reporting the details of how the mishap allegedly took place, citing three sources within the White House, And it sounds similar to what Mr. Walsh said. The Guardian reporting NSA WA quote mistakenly saved Mr. Goldberg's number months before under the contact of someone else he intended to add. Jeffrey Goldberg had emailed a member of the Trump administration about a story he was working on.


Trump spokesperson, Brian Hughes forwarded the content of that email, including Jeffrey Goldberg's signature block containing Mr. Goldberg's phone number to NSA Walls the Guardian reporting quote. According to the White House, the number was erroneously saved during a contact suggestion update by Waltz's iPhone, which one person described as the function where an iPhone algorithm adds a previously unknown number to an existing contact that it detects may be related. The White House did not officially comment on the story. Mr. Goldberg saying quote, I'm not going to comment on my relationship with Mike Wal beyond saying I do know him and have spoken to him tonight.


The Florida Gators take on the Houston Cougars and the NCAA March Madness final on Saturday the Gators beating the Auburn Tigers 79 73 in their Final four matchup. The Cougars overcoming a 14 point trail in the final eight minutes of the game. Beating the Duke Blue Devils. I don't wanna talk about it. Cooper Tyree, what happened? Tip off is tonight at eight 50 East. Hope your bracket's still intact. That'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed Food, housing, auto Insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.