
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus be. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show with just over three weeks to go. Can you believe it Until election day Headline after headline today, signaling doom and gloom for Team Harris Waltz. Don't be fooled. This race could still go either way. Now it's no time for either side to let up, but you can see what the Democrats are seeing on their internal polling based on the media reaction and what Kamala Harris is doing.


The sugar high of her coup and her Democratic National Convention momentum is over. And just as your child will then crash, sticky faced and drooling onto the bed after the fact. That's kind of the state of her campaign right now. And those around her are nail biting big time. And the reports are that team Trump is not nailbiting. They're actually feeling pretty good. They too need to worry because they get out the vote effort does not appear to be as strong as the Democrats with all due respect to what's happening in Pennsylvania. We interviewed the guy behind that effort the other day and he seems amazing, but they need seven of them. And it's reportedly but a shadow of what the Democrats have that there's gotten to shape under Barack Obama and has never waned since.


They've lost since. Obviously Hillary came after Barack, but she was no Barack. And here's what they're starting to realize. Neither is Kamala. She's no Barack Obama. I mean, we all know that. But they tried to make her into Barack Obama at that Democratic National Convention and now the polls are showing them people aren't buying it. Here's just a couple of the headlines. The Hill Democrats start to hit the panic button. The independent panic sets in for Democrats as polls, Titan and media interviews fall flat. Fox News, Kamala Harris' Joy is quietly turning to panic for Democrats. You sensing a theme here and over at CNN.


Democrats grow anxious in a lengthy report. One source close to the campaign tells CNN quote, people are nervous. A lot of us are having these flashbacks to 2016. We know when it can go the wrong way. Of course, this could all be a ploy by the left to rally the base But it comes as new polling does show cracks in the So-called Blue Wall for the Democrats. You know these states, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, sort of in the middle of the country that they consider Blue Wall that they consider must win. And we'll tell you what the latest polls are showing. Additionally, there is the media rollout that has not gone well. My God for Liars.


It's really been amazing, as I said a week ago. I love her newfound confidence. I hope she keeps it rolling. I really, I do. And she's going to, she's going to do a town hall with Univision. She's gonna have another chance to say something, anything of substance this evening and we'll have full coverage of that for you tomorrow. And then there's her response to the hurricanes, including the one that's hammering Florida at this very moment. Her own boss, AKA, the current president, Joe Biden. You may have forgotten about him, but he's still there. Seems hell bent on undermining her at every turn when it comes to the federal response. I'm sorry, but I need the popcorn. It's just too delicious to watch his passive aggressiveness against her given what she did to him who could blame him?


And, it has sparked a rather interesting alliance. It would appear between Mr. Biden and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. We'll get to it all with my guest today, Glenn Greenwald. He's a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and host of Rumbles System Update.


If you're tired of the same old coffee from those mega corporations pushing their woke agendas, listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout coffee. They stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the Cold Brew fans, blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new Ready to drink Cold Brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to blackout coffee. Head over to blackout coffee.com/mk or use the code MK for 20% off your first order. That's blackout coffee.com/mk. The code is mk. Join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake not woke.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly.


See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER. Glenn, welcome back. Great to see you. Always great to see you Megan. So are you shocked that her media tour is not at least so far moving the numbers or quelling the panic on Team Blue? I'm the opposite of shocked and sometimes I think it's amazing how quickly and easily we forget. Even short term memory. Let's remember that the last time she ran for president, when she actually had to campaign and debate and get votes and all of that. And unlike this time her campaign was such a disaster, such a debacle despite every single institutional advantage.


All that money from California, the stature of being a senator from California, that readiness of the media, the heap adoration on her for potentially being the first ever woman of color to become president, et cetera, et cetera. Her campaign was such a disaster that she had to pull out and close her campaign before the first vote was even counted. Usually people say the campaign's not going well, let's try and play our hand in Iowa and New Hampshire. And then see there was no point in doing that because she was such an awful politician. And then also the entire three and a half years that she was vice president, she was a complete national joke, an international joke because every time she opened up her mouth, it turned into something incredibly embarrassing and cringeworthy.


And I think a lot of us did forget that in what was some very well-engineered theater around the supposed excitement that people had when she emerged, got imposed by the Democratic Party elite on the party and in the country. And people kind of forgot just how inept and incompetent she is as a politician. Their obvious strategy was based on that. Let's keep her away from the media, let's make sure she has very, very few unscripted moments. And the problem for them is that that wasn't working. They had to roll the dice. They had to send her out on her own. And even in the most loving, embracing gentle arms that they sent her into the view Howard Stern, Stephen Colbert doesn't get any more worshipful than that.


She completely fell on her face even in front of them. And I think people are starting to realize and remember who she really is. Yes, that one, that one exchange with Sonny Hostin, who's been advocating for Kamala Harris since the conversation first turn to could we sub out Joe Biden? What would we do? Would we have an open primary? Could we get Michelle Obama instead? And, and she kept saying, we're not interchangeable as black women. It has to be Kamala. She can do it. She's being, she loves Kamala Harris And. it was obviously not an attempt to trip up Kamala Harris and yet tripped up. She got where Kamala Harris answered her question about how she's different from Joe Biden, whether she would've done anything differently.


And as predicted, you'll see the version of it here that Trump made into an ad literally within 60 minutes of Kamala saying it. And now there are reports today that you can expect to see this ad everywhere from now to election day. Here it is. Well, if, if anything would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years? There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. And Glenn, you know, it's, it's interesting because I'm sure they thought going to friendly outlets would protect her.


But sometimes being at a friendly outlet can lead to your guard being down. And you don't realize, and I don't think Sonny Hostin realized either when you're in danger. I know that Megan, all that's completely true and I agree with all of that. Nonetheless, I think it's worth noting how unbelievable and remarkable and confounding it is that she cannot answer that. It was like she, it was like that question never occurred to her before. She didn't say No, I think Biden did a great job. She didn't say yet. She said, you know what? Nothing that comes to mind as though that question had never occurred to her to even think about this. Right? Like, maybe I'll get back to you. I can think of it later. When you're running for president and you're the vice president of a very unpopular president on his road to losing, when the country believes that everything is on the wrong track, that all they want is change, the very first question that you have to be prepared to answer in her position is, how would you have been different than Joe Biden?


Now obviously she can't just throw him under the bus and say like, oh, everything he did was terrible, he was a terrible president. I intend to, but there's so many diplomatic ways that you answer that. You know, 2020 is different than 2024. We have new challenges. We can do more of this. Less of this. I, I, I think what happened is, this is what I really believe is that democratic elites really are so arrogant in terms of how non-democratic voters think how they process information. They really believe that they could win the election by just avoiding substance altogether. That was obviously their plan from the very beginning. And I don't think they ever really prepared her. And she's not prepared to talk about in any way what type of president she would be because that never has been the strategy on which they were relying to win the race.


It was all about these vibes. And I'm younger and I'm different. I'm not these two old 80-year-old white guys that everyone's sick of that doesn't get, that gets you a little bit, that gets you a boost in the polls like you said that sugar high. But eventually Americans as dumb as Democrats think they are, are gonna wanna know like, who is this person that we might make president? What do, what does she believe? Where do we place her on the spectrum? What kinds of policies is she gonna pursue? How is that gonna affect our lives? And her inability and refusal to answer that that comes from this condescension, I think is what's really crippling her. And you saw that so clearly in all of these interviews where she got asked that question, she couldn't answer it. And that one she's like, I I don't know. I never thought about that before.


I'll get back to you right now. Nothing's coming to mind. That is stunning. It's nightmare for her team. I almost feel bad for them. So those answers, her general in aptitude as a politician are what's keeping these numbers so low. Among other things. I mean the, the Biden policies were not a success and she is associated with them and it's leading to some open panic and it's leading to some sound analysis of some bad numbers. I'm gonna give you both. Here's James Carville with the on camera equivalent of those headlines I just read you in the intro watch. Only thing I feel is the elections come in November 5th and I'm scared to death and I'll get a time to beat up.


Obviously you're not in a reflective mood, not in a particular effective mood right now. I'm very, very concerned and very scared. What does Harris need to do with the month left? Alright, the seven month left. Let, let's start. We got 27, 26 days. Yep. Today is gone. You're gonna lose fourth of the hurricane. They're doing all this and sitting down with 60 minutes and sit down with Colbert. I have a press conference. I get to ask the question you'd like To see her do more press conferences. I'd like for her to put more things in place. I like put President Obama out to make that he's only got a 92% approval with Democrats. I would have President Clinton talking, going on act, these local TV stations talking about how tariffs are gonna destroy the economy of Wisconsin or Michigan or anywhere else.


'cause they have never worked. But we're just letting that go. So is he wrong? I mean you have to give credit to the Clinton people like James Carville and those others because they ran for president at a time when the Democrats were a disaster. They couldn't win an election. Going back to George McGovern who got crushed by Nixon. The only one they won was Jimmy Carter because of post-Watergate anger at the Republicans and then it was Reagan twice George W. Bush the first time. And they did do a very good job of reinventing the party by focusing it not on these issues that alienate working class people or other people. But by realizing as that, you know, old saying goes that they adopt it, it's the economy stupid.


Like all people care about is how are you going to materially improve our lives, which is what voters should care about. Think about this even as two people, you and I who cover politics every single day, what is a Kamala Harris policy on what she's running? Basically what we know about her are two things we know about what she thinks about abortion, which is she's in favor of it and we know what she thinks about LGBT. She loves LGBTs very deeply. She loves us so much. She feels such a other than that, what, what are her policies? The only ones that she's identified, she literally stole from Trump. Like, hey, let's not tax the, the, the tips of service workers and every other policy that we've heard from basically is nothing other than everything I said.


I believe that in 2019, single payer healthcare ban on fracking mandatory buyback of guns are things I no longer now believe with no explanation. So if you are gonna present a candidate who has no ideas, no ideology, no platform to even try and convince people that you're gonna improve their lives, let alone to, to persuade them that you're going to, how do you expect to win an election? I think what James Carville is saying there is true, which is she should stop talking about all of these kind of cultural issues, these ancillary issues, relying on these very vague pronouncements about who she is and, and isn't and just go to those swing states and talk about the effects of the election on those people's economic lives.


Because that's ultimately what people vote on despite how dumb Democrats think they are. She's outlined a few economic proposals and to their credit it's come up in a couple of interviews, the Stephanie Rule one and the 60 minutes one, how are you gonna pay for it? You can't give all these goodies to the American public without paying for them. That's just not the way the system works. You don't control money, you don't control tax policy as president. You need to work with Congress. And both times she's been caught flatfooted. She has no plan for if she can't get Congress to go along with these pie in the sky tax proposals and she is not likely to win both houses of Congress. If you look at the latest numbers, and by the way, Americans like di divided government in general.


So I would predict that if she wins the White House, there'd be a higher likelihood that there'd be split tickets where people would say, well we're not gonna give Democrats full control. She has no plan if she doesn't get full control of Congress, she has no tax plan, she has no economic plan at all. That's been made clear. And even the ones she's proposing select help allegedly very small groups of people like her, $25,000 tax help for first time home buyers. Okay, if you're a first time home buyer, maybe, but probably not because as Trump's been pointing out, it's gonna just gonna drive the price of housing up for everyone in the market, including the first time home buyers. You know, I mean that's how we got into the college tuition mess. Every time they kept increasing the amount of loans you could get from the federal government, the college tuition just went up that amount of loans.


And so those of us who used loans and those of us who didn't all had to pay a higher bill. Okay, I wanna get to Mark Halperin, who has been a great, doing a great job over on his YouTube show Two-Way. And he gets on Democrats and Republicans and he has sources in both camps. So he has interesting information about things like inside polling, not outside polling like we see like New York Times Sienna, but the campaigns, polls that drive decision making. And this is what he reported. Like it was either yesterday morning or this morning, take a listen and sat one. Do they wanna be ahead now? And and they know what their polls say and their polls are not as good as the public polls for her.


I'm hearing from Democrats who know her well, who are saying she needs to be a warrior in these last few months. She needs to, she needs to up her game, she needs to feel it, she needs to close strong. And they look at her performance on television yesterday where it appears as always, she's trying to not make mistakes, get through the interview without making mistakes rather than really transforming the race and demonstrating to the undecided voters who we've talked to on this program should be a good steward of a good economy fierce commander in chief ready for the job. That's what they're worried about. They're worried that they're not in a good place to win 270 electoral votes.


Yeah and honestly, Glenn, at this point, they have some cause to worry even with the public polling, the the Quinnipiac battleground polls that just came out amongst likely voters are showing Trump is up in Michigan by three points. Margin of error is 3.1. So it could be, you know, within that margin it is within the margin of error. Trump is up in Wisconsin up by 2 48 to 46 margin of error. There are three. So it could be But it, it hasn't been this way before. It's been Harris up in both of these states. And then in Pennsylvania this poll is showing Harris up over Trump by three percentage points.


Margin of error there, 2.6. But if you listen to the full Halperin commentary, he says there isn't a person around Kamala Harris, including those who are doing the polling for her who she's up three in Pennsylvania. Here's honestly what I think the big problem is for the Democrats and for Kamala Harris in particular, which is what we've seen not just in the United States but throughout the democratic world, is what people hate the most is establishment, politics, establishment politicians and people who lack any authenticity, who just sort of opportunistically say whatever they need to say at the moment, whether they believe it or not, in order to advance their own career as goals. I think what Donald Trump's political magic has always been, despite all the things he said that many, many people including his supporters kind of cringe at or worse, is that he always seems like whatever's in his brain is what comes out of his mouth.


There's not that many opportunities where he's saying something manipulatively, every politician manipulates the best ones make it so that you don't realize they're doing it. But Trump in general, everyone knows who he is, like it or not, he's who he is and he doesn't pretend otherwise. Think about what Kamala Harris is trying to do for 5, 6, 7, 8 years now. The Democrats have been saying that Republican attempts to close the border or to limit the border are Nazi. Like are white supremacists are about instituting a racist regime in the United States to protect white people. That it's one of the cruelest things ever. And now suddenly, two months before the election, Kamala Harris has to go around pretending that she's tougher on the border than Donald Trump. And now she has to go to Univision with a Latino audience and try and convince them that although she's still pro-immigrant, she's somehow tough on the border.


You look also at this ongoing war in Gaza and now spreading to Lebanon. The Democrats are perceived by their left wing base as being fully supportive of Israel and in places like Michigan where that really matters, that is creating a lot of depressed enthusiasm or people not willing to vote for her. And she's trying to be all things to all people. And when you try and be all things to all people, you end up being nothing to anybody, which I think is exactly what she's doing. Now, I'm not a polling expert, but you can just see, just checking every day how that balance that she got is is basically gone. It is eroding. I don't know who the winner is gonna be. It's based on so many complex factors including get out the vote as you mentioned and other things. But I think the big problem is that Kamala Harris stands for nothing and nobody likes a politician who doesn't have an authentic belief in their body that they're willing to defend.


She tries a different message this day and that mostly she's about our, our hopes and ambitions and dreams. I mean that's she, that's her normal nonsense. She loves that Megan, she loves Americans because we dream, we have big aspira unlike every other country where nobody dreams about any we dream. No, she loves that about us. We're the only ones with work ethic. Okay, so she says that, so she tried something new out on Colbert the other night, which was truly like what? Right wasn't it Colbert? I'm trying to think. Remember? Yeah, it was right when she talked about the Trump turning down 60 Minutes. Oh no, is this stern? I'm looking at my, my thought list.


Alright, she said something similar on Colbert, but listen to her on strength versus weakness being her new theme and she's apparently the strong one, slot four. I thought what was so amazing about 60 Minutes is the fact that Trump turned it down. Yeah, I mean it just says so much. He didn't wanna be FactCheck. This is maddening, this is insanity. What do you mean you don't wanna be FactCheck? I think that, you know, Howard, people ask me like what do you think is going on and what, what is the tension here? What's at stake? And there are many things and I can be much more articulate that than what I'm gonna say, but can you ultimately, I do believe that this is a, an election that is about strength versus weakness.


Yeah. And weakness as projected by someone who puts himself in front of the American people and does not have the strength to stand in defense of their needs, their dreams, their desires. Oh God, she, she managed to weave back to it her at the end there. But what is she talking about? I guess she just went for the exact thing that is Trump's best asset and her worst asset and tried to reverse them and say she had the good one and he has the bad one because he didn't wanna do 60 minutes after the Leslie Stall debacle and didn't wanna be fact checked after the A, B, C and CBS news debacle on their fact checking quoting unquote at these debates we've seen.


Like what? I don't even know what she's trying to do there. Well this is such a perfect example I think of her in aptitude. So there's a lot of things you can credibly accuse Trump of that will resonate with people in terms of his character flaws. Everybody knows what they are, we've all seen them, we've seen them for many years. The accusation that he's unwilling to appear in media and to take questions. I don't remember a politician for as long as I've lived who loves to be in media, who loves to be in interviews more than Trump. He will any day call a press conference and stand there for an hour and a half and take questions from the media. She's the one Who's done three in the Last month. Campaign. Strategy.


Exactly. So that, this is what I'm saying, I, I think it's a good strategy to try and make sure that people understand that she's strong, she's willing to use force. I think particularly for a female candidate, one's buying to be the first female president. That is something that is kind of a subconscious bias that she probably has to overcome and I think she should be doing that. But to try and do it by saying Trump is afraid of the media that Trump's unwilling to take questions from the media. We've seen Trump on every single network on El go anywhere that you ask him, he loves cameras, he loves journalists asking him questions and talking about him. And it's just, that's what it seems like. It just seems like this kind of like what you were saying one day she tries something, the next day she tries something completely different.


Also, the attack on Trump from the Democrats when he was president was that he was an unhinged militarists. That he was trying to get the United States involved in wars. We were about to go to war with North Korea or with Iran. He loved to bomb people and now suddenly we're being told that he's weak. He, he's the one who just a month ago got shot in that ear and then stood up despite his secret service demanding that he not do so and put his fist in the ear while he had blood running down his face saying fight, fight, fight. When there could have been an active sniper still out there. Yeah, I mean the instinct when you get shot or almost get shot is that you run and hide and duck not out of cowardice. Yes. Out of just natural instinct. And he overcame that and put his fist in the air just by having no idea what was going on.


And everyone saw what he did, creating those iconic photos. So I just, I do think there's a way that the Democrats could run a race that would be effective against Trump. But I, we get back to this fact that, you know, and I don't, I, I think you saw that clip before where Gavin Newsom was on Pod Save America and he made some very snide commentary about how Kamala Harris got to be the nominee because obviously bottom him really Wanted up. That's what I'm supposed to say. Yeah. And he was like made some kind of joke about like, yeah we really had such a bottom up organic because he's obviously angry that he didn't even have a chance to run. They imposed her on the rest of the country. They did have good democratic politicians who are at least competent who would've been did much better.


But they had this whole identity politics problem, which is that had they passed over Kamala Harris, it would've seemed like they were sweeping aside the black woman as Sonny Hosan and others have been saying. And they trapped, they got trapped with a candidate who for as long as she's been around, everyone considered to be a terrible politician. And now that that is sort of coming more and more evident as the election approaches. It's truly, it's one of those things like you see in Hollywood where you know, especially back in the day, but current day two where some studio decides they're going to make an image around somebody. You know, it used to happen all the time when actors and actresses signed to a studio and you had metro behind you and you know, Mr.


Mayor would personally make sure you would become a star and get the whole star making apparatus around you. And then lo and behold you would become a star and the American populace would be fed information about you that Mr. Mayor had collated and shoved into your living room whether you knew it or not. And then those stars were carefully managed such that they did not give any interviews that were not also carefully managed, micromanaged with the right dresses and the right setting and the right imagery all around the star. And there was a reason for that. These stars were actually no, no more glamorous or knowledgeable or special other than their ability to act then the rest of us.


And we weren't supposed to know that 'cause we were just supposed to accept this imagery. The same thing is happening with her where they all including the Hollywood angle, you know, I mean Halpern was the one who reported that CAA, one of the most powerful agencies in the country was actually in there advising her before the DNC along with some, a-list Hollywood talent trying to explain to her, this is how you say the line, this is what you should do. And I'll bet they were back before that debate, giving her some help with her rehearsed little bits she was doing. And yet, unlike a Hollywood star who doesn't actually have to go out there and sit on 60 or these other moronic podcasts like the one that talks about dildos one day and Kamala Harris as president, the next Kamala Harris does have to get out there, she does have to get out there because she tried the basement campaign.


It was failing. They felt they had to do it something. And so now we're getting to see the person behind the curtain and that Hollywood veneer is not strong enough to stop her inanity from shining through. Yeah, I think it's a great analogy. And I would actually point out that even in the heyday of like the 1940s and fifties where those handful of studio executives could basically control how the public perceive people, not only did they have all the things you mentioned, but they also could control the media. So if anyone who in journalism wrote negatively about one of their stars, they'd be excluded, they would be punished.


Everybody knew that there was kind of a system of punishment. Even though even with all those advantages though occasionally they would try and make a star out of somebody who simply lacked charisma, who the public just didn't connect to, didn't, wasn't convinced by, usually it worked but not always. The big difference now obviously is that unlike then when there was you know, a tiny handful of information controllers, you know the networks and a couple of big radio stations and the like, all owned by the same people. The problem is as Hillary Clinton pointed out, is that when you have a free internet, you lose control of the ability to manipulate what people think. Yes. And so they don't have that power anymore.


You can have, you know, a, B, C news and CNN 24 hours a day, the New York Times churning this stuff out. But there's a gigantic number of people who know that they're doing that and therefore of elsewhere, for example, to the show which has a bigger audience and a lot of those that I just mentioned, where they cannot control the information any longer and that really undermines their ability to maintain that kind of image in the way that those studio bosses were able to do. You are exactly right. That and like the panic to steal a word from the top of the show amongst these left wingers about the loss of control of information is evident every day in the interviews that they give.


They're not even trying to hide their panic, which I, let me put a pin in that for one second because I was thinking about somebody like Joan Crawford who love the movie Mommy dearest, I mean obsessed. And you know, they did that with her. She was one of those massive stars who was signed to one of these big Hollywood agencies and she did all of like the Christmas interviews with the the old style microphones while she gave her interviews to the radio guys with her beautiful children splayed around her and oh my fans and my family. La la la with a Hollywood accent. This is My eldest daughter Christina. Hello everyone and my son Christopher.


Hi everybody. And my twin Cynthia and Kathy who will content themselves with smiling for the Honestness since they're not quite three. Hello. At what hour do you suppose the youngsters will awaken tomorrow morning? I'm afraid they'll likely to be awakened and up by six 30 at the latest. Will they come straight into your room and awaken you? I'd be disappointed if they didn't. And then of course her own daughter came out later to say she was a monster. She was beating me as soon as the cameras were off. Joan's other children have denied that for the record. But that's one thing today it's closer to like Milli Vanilli where they put them out there and they mouthed the right words and they had the right outfits and they learned the steps.


But before too long we realized they actually had no talent. This was all a facade. There was no there there. And they went, they promptly went away. Yeah, I mean, you know, I think what happened with the Democrats was they had this, whatever you think of Barack Obama, a really like generational political talent, right? The ability to like move crowds, to draw people into politics who had never previously cared about politics. His ability to kind of convince anybody that he was anything they wanted him to be, that's a real political skill. And he won two straight elections. They lost with Hillary 'cause she was a terrible politician. And Joe Biden won by the tiniest margin because he's been around for so long and he actually does have some political skills as well, at least he did before his brain melted.


When you have somebody like Hillary Clinton who's an awful politician or somebody like Kamala Harris who is as well, this whole machinery can't prop them up. Maybe they can for a little bit, a little while maybe they can for a few weeks like happened with Kamala Harris. But that's the thing is Americans want to know who these people really are. They do not trust these establishment institutions. That's the other big change from the 1950s where everyone believed what they were reading in the newspaper and hearing on the TV because they trusted most American institutions that trust is gone. People wanna see it for themselves, they look for it themselves, and they then seek out other information that shows them another side. And this I really think is why when you look at Western liberalism and you know, sort of the ruling class of Neoliberals in the West, their number one agenda, and I'm not exaggerating, is to regain control of the internet.


To find a way to prevent information that they don't want on the internet from being, from reaching large numbers of people because they understand that that is their huge Achilles heel. And the more independent media thrives, the more a free internet thrives, the more their power is reduced. And that's one of the things I think we're seeing now is they can do every, Kamala has every advantage she has over a billion dollars. She raised way more than Trump a much better ground game. All the media on her side, every Hollywood celebrity, every power institution of power. But we're seeing that it doesn't really matter, at least not nearly as much as it used to because the power is now more diffused because of independent media, because of the internet, which is why that's their number one target to try and control and destroy.


Mm Yes, it's so true. Look, look at that controversy. We, we covered this on the pod that we dropped early this morning with the 60 minutes edited clip around, is Netanyahu listening to us or why won't he listen to us? And and they made the mistake of using one of her normally long-winded empty answers, word salad answers on the promo for the interview, which they released on Sunday and Monday. But by the time they got to Monday night's actual piece, they had realized that that made her look bad and they considerably tightened it up. I don't know whether what they played on Monday night was actually something she said in response to the question that was asked if they grabbed it from a different part of the interview.


That's a serious journalistic no-no unless later in the interview he asked exactly this, the same question but, or if it was just another thing she said in, in a long rambling answer that was even longer than what we saw in the tease. In any event, they did a switcheroo and now Trump is out there demanding that they release the transcript, release the full transcript, and 60 won't do it. CBS is refusing. And Katherine her, who worked both for Fox News with me for many years, and then went to CBS, came out just yesterday and said, it is, there's absolutely precedent for 60 for CBS releasing an entire transcript of an interview with a sitting leader.


And she referred back to her own interview with President Trump when he was president. This is the sitting vice president on 60, possibly the next president. Why won't you release the transcript? We wouldn't really know any of this Glenn if sharp-eyed ex viewers hadn't put together. Wait a minute, there's a mismatch between that promo clip and what aired. When I started writing about politics and doing journalism, which wasn't all that long ago. It was 2005 in that era. And long before that, the only thing that you could do if you caught the media doing something dishonest or objectionable or ethically questionable, is you could write a letter to the editor, they would look at it, they would laugh at it, they would rip it up and they would throw it away in the garbage can.


Or occasionally they might publish it in this tiny little section that nobody would ever read. That was it. That was the only accountability journalists had. And as Voices, independent voices began growing in the media first in what was called blogs and now much more sophisticated types of shows that basically produced the same kind of quality programming as the networks and their audience is often bigger now they have nothing but accountability and that has changed everything. And I used to get angry when people, when, when things like this would happen where 60 Minutes would do something. So obviously journalistically unethical because like you, I didn't choose journalism was my first career. I chose it in the middle of, of being a lawyer because I really believed in it. It was something I really wanted to do.


I thought it was important to society, it used to offend me when they were abandoning their journalistic principles. Now the more they do it, the more I like it because I know that what they're doing is just digging their own grave even more deeply. And the more they got caught doing these things, the more they're driving away other people who still believe in them, the few who do. And making them even question further whether these institutions deserve any of their trust. And every poll shows each year that they lose more and more of their credibility. And it due to things exactly like this. This just in the Harris campaign has responded to the controversy telling variety, we do not control CBS's production decisions and refer questions to CB s Well that's true.


They don't, they don't control CBS's production decisions. It would be interesting to find out whether they asked for an edit, which would not be shocking to me at all. And what's the harm CBS news? What is the harm in releasing the transcript? Most of these outlets are just releasing the whole interview uncut. You know, I mean, I'll give credit to I think Stern, did it live And? it just there, it's out there. Nothing to hide. There you go. What's the big secret? Why don't we get to see the transcript? And honestly, it's making me suspect CBS even more because as a journalistic outlet, normally you kind of do cuts knowing the full thing could come out.


Like you have, you have an ethical obligation behind closed doors, Glenn, it's like when you and I used to be young lawyers and you're the document reviewer on some massive case and you are the one who, if you, if you happen to come across the document that's terrible for your side is going to lose the case for your side. You decide whether it goes in the to be produced file or the to be held back file. So these ethical decisions happen behind closed doors all the time, and it's just you and your moral code. So if 60 Minutes followed its ethical code, which should be the same as all of ours, it should have absolutely no problem releasing the transcript.


Not only that, but like in this case, as you know, better than than most people, certainly better than me, when you tape an interview with some public figure, it of course you edit because you might take, you might interview them for three hours or two hours and you only have time for 40 minutes to show. And you wanna make it as crisp and concise as possible. There's a lot of fluff time that you end up editing out. Yeah, that's totally normal. But what 60 Minutes did here was the part that they decided they wanted to edit out. They already put public, they already put it all over the internet. Everyone saw it. So in that case in particular, to make that change to say, here's what she said, and then every have it be mocked by pretty much everybody and then eliminate it and not show it to their audience, makes what they've done even worse.


And you're exactly right. For me, the number one goal of a journalist, the number one function of a journalist is to bring as much transparency as possible to the public, especially about the most powerful people in public life, which at the moment includes or, or is led by Kamala Harrison, Donald Trump, one of whom is gonna be our next president. As you say, what, this is not a psychiatrist who has a privilege or a lawyer who has some obligation, but this is a media outlet. What possible grounds do they have in the age of limitless space on the internet not to release the full transcript? Especially given that the reason there's a question about what they've done is because they've created that question by showing us an answer that was embarrassing and then editing out, they have zero foundation to justify doing that.


I know this, this is the same outlet that was lecturing all of its staff the other day on CBS news and their Vaunt reputation and how we really need to live up to these standards. It's like, oh, okay, did you talk to your debate moderators about that? Did you talk to the folks over at 60 minutes about that? Because that's either actually a principle at CBS or it isn't release the transcript. Let us see what she actually said and let us see what you did. 60. Okay, now back to the thing we put the pin in, which is the ardent desire of these leftists to gain control of outside entities like the digital lane shows like yours on rumble, shows like mine in on its platforms, places like X, which they're constantly harassing.


Here was the soundbite you referred to the other day of, or you referred to it just now of Hillary Clinton the other day speaking to this exact point. Listen, There should be a lot of things done. We should be, in my view, repealing something called Section two 30, which gave, you know, platforms on the internet immunity because they were thought to be just pass throughs that they shouldn't be judged for the content that is posted. But we now know that that was an overly simple view, that if the platforms, whether it's Facebook or Twitter X or Instagram or TikTok, whatever they are, if they don't moderate and monitor the content, we lose total control.


Oh, sometimes they say the quiet part out loud, Glen, This is probably the topic on which I focus most. And you know, even as a lawyer, I used to focus most on free speech, but over the last say five, six years, I focus most on the attempts by western governments to censor and control the internet using things like this completely fake credential they invented out of nowhere called disinformation experts to try and make political censorship seem like something that's apolitical scientific. This is a very serious threat to internet freedom. And as you say, Hillary Clinton and an act of completely unintentional candor said the real reason this all happened in 2016 when the internet was pretty free.


First trauma was when British citizens decided contrary to what they were told to, they approved Brexit and they left the eu. And that was a major traumatizing event for all of Europe and for British elites. And then two or three months later that was followed by the biggest trauma that American liberalism has ever experienced, which was the loss of Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump. That was when they realized things are spiraling outta control. We can no longer control the thinking process and the information diet of citizens. We're willing to have a democracy as long as we can manipulate people into thinking what we want and therefore voting how we want. Democracy becomes dangerous when they start becoming too free and they can actually vote the way they think they should vote And it is in their interest and we can't control it.


And that was when there was this, not partial but very systemic effort to start creating theories. They were financing huge amounts of new groups funded by billionaires and the like. The whole idea of which was to create these superstructures to allow Western democracies to start censoring the internet. As you know, I think most of your audience knows X was just banned from Brazil for five weeks because of their refusal to censor who they were told to censor. France just arrested the founder and billionaire owner of Telegram because oftentimes he refuses to censor who's he, who he's told to censor. All of this is happening exactly for the reason that Hillary Clinton said, because there is nothing more threatening to ruling class power and there never has been in history than the ability of individuals to think and speak freely.


And that's why what is most under attack is that ability. Yeah, I mean we've talked about before on this show, which are on YouTube as well as on all podcasts and on SiriusXM, if we refer to the removal of healthy body parts on children in the name of gender affirmation as mutilation, we get hit. You're not allowed to say that on YouTube. So I mean they are controlling language and other, other shows get it far worse than we get it. I mean I really frankly shouldn't complain because they bother me far less than they bother others. I, I've had Charlie Kirk come on here and say he can't use, he has to use preferred pronouns or he gets a strike on YouTube.


So anyway, there are so many platforms out there that do comply and they want all of them. They want all of them complying and they wanna shut down the ones that don't. I mean, they'd love to shut down X under Elon. Here is just another take on it. Dan Pfeiffer, who is an Obama guy and he's on, he's on that Pod Save of America, pod Save America. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Positive America. He's out there today talking about how he, he's saying it on M-S-N-B-C interviewing with Alex Wagner, that it's the Republicans who control the media. Listen, They may not, you may not get a caller, caller, daddy, listener, every person with, with that interview, but that those clips are going virally local tv, do podcasts, do our podcast, do Tim's podcast, do 60 minutes, do it all.


Trump isn't doing it all. There was some reporting again about the man over, but in terms of that, you know, blanket the AirWave strategy that you just outlined, that's not what Trump is pursuing. And he's Old mentally declining and lazy. So that, that's, that's the first reason. The second reason is keep Republicans have something, Democrats don't, which they have a massive media operation between Fox News Daily Wire, all these people, we don't have that yet. So we have to work harder To do it. He's saying it on M-S-N-B-C Glen, You know, Megan, sometimes I try and explain to conservatives friends of mine or people I work with or whoever audience members, because people don't believe it, that liberals really do believe that their disadvantage is that the media is not on their side.


They think the media is insufficiently anti-Trump, that they give advantages to Donald Trump that Republicans have, Fox News and the Daily Wire, that's the only two that he could think of. And he's like, we right have nothing. And it's like you're on a network that 24 hours a day does nothing except promote the Democratic Party. It's part of a gigantic conglomerate called NBC News, which does the same, you turn over to CNN or A BC or CBS like we saw with the debates. And they're doing exactly the same thing to say nothing of newspapers like the New York Times or the Washington Post, none of whom have a single pro-Trump oped columnist, even though they have dozens of people writing on that page. The delusion required to be a Democrat and complain that your disadvantages, that the Republicans or conservatives have a part of the media they control.


And nobody does that for the poor little Democrats is beyond anything psychiatrists could explain. But I I I always try and convince, tell people, no, they really think that they, they're so self victimizing that they really convince themselves that one of their disadvantages is that they have no media support for their party and only conservatives do it. It it's such a inversion of reality that it's hard for people to believe who don't know them, that they really believe that. And, and rather than saying, all right, well, conservatives went and they built their own place to bring out their message. Or not even just conservatives, but people who are not towing the Democrat line. I, I wouldn't call you a conservative and I don't really call myself a conservative, but anyway, so people who won't tow the Democrat line that they're pushing, so they created their own ecosystem or partook in a, in their own ecosystem, rather than saying, okay, that's that's what they did.


It's the Hillary Clinton thing. We we gotta get a hold of this thing right away or it's gonna spin right outta control and we're gonna lose every election. But not, not only that, the person that you just showed saying this, who used to work in the Obama White House, someone totally without power or someone completely marginalized, he used to be at the center of the, the White House very recently, they created their own podcast called Pod Save America that is always at the top of the charts. They have a gigantic audience and the only thing they do every single Day, I mean, not always during the political season, it's up there. Other than that people tune out. Exactly. Sorry, Go ahead. Yeah, yeah. I'm not right. It's not this, but Right. No, all I'm saying is that it is a Cecile podcast. They have a large audience during the political year where all they do is promote the Democratic Party.


They are very high on the list of people who listen to them. So it, it isn't like they haven't done that either. But the reason they don't really need to do that is because they have pretty much every other media outlet who does it for them. It's almost like redundant, right, to create podcasts, right. That do nothing but promote the Democratic party or, or, or hate Trump because every other major network besides Fox News does that all the time. And the one thing that I always try to convince liberals, even when they thought that I was their best friend, was, and you know, this is back, I remember when I did, there was a profile of you in Politico And, it quoted me as saying, I used to watch you on Fox News is supposedly, you know, hardcore partisan right wing outlet. Every time you had a Republican senator on your show or some conservative activists, you had pummeled them with adversarial questions in a way that you would never, ever see an M-S-N-B-C or CNN host do it Democrats.


So even Fox News, in my view, is not nearly the equivalent of these other outlets when it comes to partisan hackery and loyalty and everything else. And to watch them invert reality and turn themselves into victims is, I I, to this day, I find it remarkable. It's like a psychiatric Illness. I know that Needs to be studied. I'm The, I'm the same. I feel like this audience saying, go, go back and look at my interview with Governor Ron DeSantis when he was still in it in the primary battle. Go back and look at my interview with Donald Trump, even though I've been open about the fact that I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump if he came on this show in the next three weeks, I would go hard on him just the same way as I encourage others to do when they have access to the Dems, but they won't.


And they've proven that they won't. Glen stays with me. Don't go away. Quick break.


Cars are valuable assets until the car gets old and you don't use it anymore. It takes up space, it still costs you an insurance and selling it is a hassle. Who has time for that? But you don't need to just let it languish. You can let cars for kids take care of it. They take any car in any condition, they will even do all the paperwork. So you don't have to, all you need to do is go online, schedule a free pickup and sign the title if you have one. The whole process literally takes two minutes. It's a win-win, your donation is tax deductible. Plus these donations support youth and educational programs. So you'll be making a big difference in a child's life. And for your generosity. Cars for Kids will send you a three day, two night hotel voucher when you donate. They've done this millions of times, so you are in very good hands. Don't wait. Claim your vacation voucher and make a difference in a child's life today. Donate online today@carsforkids.org slash mk. That's KARS four, the numeral KI ds.org/mk.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


So Glenn, the tension between Joe Biden and Kamala Harris continues to play out in public in what has to be one of the most delicious storylines we've seen in a while. I mean, you can, even though he was, you know, feeble and not up to the job even currently, nevermind for a second term, you, you can't blame the guy for loathing her. She stuck the knife in his back. She clearly was ready to go just as soon as he just outta the blue called her. She was totally surprised to receive the call and told her that he wasn't gonna run again. Within two minutes, she had the whole thing secured. And now slowly but surely, he's like, I'm still president.


And as of today, you're pretty much a no one. And it's been very interesting to watch him try to undermine her. So first she went out there on Friday and she was doing a campaign event. And for the first time ever, he went into the White House press briefing room and gave a presser about the hurricanes happening down in the southeast and said all sorts of nice things about Ron DeSantis. He stole her fire and she'd been upset that she couldn't get Ron DeSantis to take her phone calls. Meanwhile, she's, she's the vice president. She's not the president. And Joe Biden's like it's been taking my calls. We're all good. He's been great. I've, I've been great. He's been great. It's been great.


Thumbs up for Rhon DeSantis. Oh, what Then this week it happened again. She went on the view and at that moment he went out and came to the microphones and once again started speaking about the hurricanes and basically embarrassed her and, hold on. I'm trying to find it then. Okay, 20. What is 28? Let's see. Oh, so then Kamala Harris comes out and she digs at Ron DeSantis. She's mad that he won't talk to her and make her more relevant and important than she is. And Ron DeSantis is basically like, you know, there's this gnat bothering me on my shoulder as I'm trying to manage the safety of millions of people.


Here's a little sampling of that in 28, Playing political games at this moment in these crisis situations, these are the height of emergency situations, utterly irresponsible. And it's selfish and it's about political gamesmanship. Instead of doing the job that you took the oath to do, which is to put the people first. The governor of Florida has been cooperative. He said he is gotten all that he needs. I talked to him again yesterday and I, and I said, whatever. I said, no, you're doing a great job. It's being all being done. Well we thank you for it. And I literally gave my personal phone number to call. Okay, so that's, that's a flavor.


She's not content to leave it at that. She's gotta make Ron DeSantis seem like he's the partisan hack here trying to politicize a hurricane. He's actually got work to do. He, he can't sit on a sex podcast and talk about men's testicles all day long like she's been doing. He actually has to manage a massive pair of storms that are endangering his citizens' lives and she doesn't care. She goes out on the view just Tuesday, as Milton was bearing down on Florida and doubles down on her attack. Here it is in. So 27, I have called and talked with in the course of this crisis, this most recent crisis, Democrat and Republican governors called, taken the Call, answered the call, had a conversation.


So obviously this is not an issue that is about partisanship or politics for certain leaders, but maybe it's for others. It's about the fact that he doesn't need you and has made clear, you've never called him ever before during all the hurricanes that have hit Florida while you have been vice president ever. And there's a reason you are desperate to be in contact with him right now. I'll give you one more, Glenn, two more actually stand, stand with me then. President Biden, that same day, she was on the View on Tuesday. He goes out to oppressor on Tuesday and here's, here's what he says. The governor of Florida has been cooperative.


He said he is gotten all that he needs. I talked to him again yesterday and I, and I said, whatever you, I said, no, you're doing a great job. It's being all being done. Well we thank you for it. And I literally gave my personal phone number to call. So I don't know, there was a rough start in some places, but every governor, every governor from Florida to North Carolina has been fully cooperative and supportive and acknowledge what this team is doing. And they're doing an incredible job. But we got a lot more to do. Okay, so that was Tuesday. Then Tuesday night she goes on with Colbert and she attacks him again.


She attacks him yet again. DeSantis says he's managing this storm 'cause she just can't let go of it. And then DeSantis finally goes on with Brett Bear last night as he's trying to sound the alarm about the dangers in Florida and urging people to evacuate the targeted area. And he gets asked about this nonsense and here's what he says in Slot 24. And I heard what she said about Vice President Harris and the phone call. Did she ever get through? You know, Brett, like I said, my job is to marshal resources and work with everybody to have an effective response. If I, and she thinks it should be about her, if I honestly thought that there was something to be gained, I would pick up the phone and call her.


The fact of the matter is she has no role in this process. She's not part of the chain of command. I am working with President Biden and FEMA and our state and local partners and we're getting the job done. She has never been interested in any of the storms we've had in the state of Florida for entire time as vice president. Now she's out there attacking me 'cause I'm not cating to her whims. All she's trying to do is inject herself to be a part of her political campaign. I don't have time for political games. We've got a job to do. We got people's lives on the line and that is our sole focus. She's managed to unite Joe Biden and Ron DeSantis. Glenn, what's happening here?


There's so many revealing but even more entertaining aspects to this. First of all, just put yourself in Ron de Sandis shoes. You got this very scary hurricane. I have relatives in, in Florida, that's where I grew up. It passed by South Florida, but the center of the state is getting utterly decimated. So you're the governor of Florida. You have extremely serious responsibilities to the people of your state and of all the people that you would wanna speak to, if you created a list of all the people you would like to speak to, to help you get the things you need to provide services for the people of your state, the vice president of the United States, a ceremonial position would be literally last on your list.


Why would he possibly wanna talk to Kamala Harris about anything? And also, it's so transparent why she's calling. That's the worst part. And then for her to turn around in this projection and say that it's DeSantis who's politicizing it when she had no interest ever before in natural storms or disasters or anything else, suddenly a month before the election, she wants to be able to say, I briefed the governor DeSantis, he briefed me. It's so transparent. But I also do think the funniest part of all of this, and this is not the first time this has happened, this happened many times. He went through a lot of the examples and there were others. Just think about it from Joe Biden's perspective. He did not want to drop out of the race. He believed whatever is true, that he had the right to run, that he could have won that that was his nomination that he secured.


That was rightfully his. And the only reason he got out of the race was because he was threatened by Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi and everyone surrounding Kamala Harris, that if he didn't get out of the race, they would continually destroy his legacy through leaks and even invoke the 25th Amendment to force him out for the first time in history. If he refused at the end of the day, not because they cared about his confidence, had he been ahead, they would've been fine with it. But because they knew he was gonna lose. Imagine after 50 years of politics, you finally got the one thing you've been seeking your whole life, which is the presidency. And all these people who are supposed to be your allies stab you in the back day after day in the media. You don't think that he's harboring all sorts of vindictiveness and anger, not just at Kamala Harris, but at the entire Democratic Party establishment.


And don't you think that if Kamala loses on election day, the person who's gonna be laughing the hardest is gonna be Joe Biden because totally. They were the ones who were so sure. So of course a lot of this is intentional. You, you don't, you don't, you don't stay around politics in, in Washington for 55 years and not understand that every time you're praising Ron DeSantis while she's out attacking him, that you're purposely sabotaging her in the most delicious. Yes, and I mean, for And, it proves that at least part of Joe Biden's brain, like the political part that's probably the most active because it has the most practice, is very much still working, at least to the extent to enable him to enjoy that. Totally agree. And now you get pieces like this one from NBC News today.


Biden didn't know Ron DeSantis had refused to take Harris's call when he praised him as gracious. Okay, hold on. Sure. Jan, no one believes that Course. Also, why? Why would that matter? Why would that matter? Biden was saying, our relationship has been great. Everything he's asked for, we've given him everything we've asked of him, he's been doing, why would it even matter if he was taking Kamala's calls or not? That wouldn't affect anything that Joe Biden was saying. Think about how ridiculous it would be for Joe Biden to say, oh, he and I are working together all the time, but I'm a little upset that he's not talking to Kamala Harris as well. Why would he wanna talk to Kamala Harris? Why not talk to Pete Buttigieg or like, I don't know any of the, you can just pick a random person in the government who could do more for you than Kamala Harris who literally controls nothing.


So, yeah, or like, you know, it's just Mayorca who's been dealing with some piece of the FEMA funding. I mean, there's there you've gotten choices other than Kamala Harris. So here's, here was the interesting thing. DeSantis says, if I thought there was something to be gained, I would call her. Well, maybe he's selling her too short, because Harris is saying that she had a call with the Democratic mayor of St. Petersburg, Florida, and she, she had this Diddy to offer watch. Let me just first of all, thank you for just answering the call to lead in the way that you have, you know, in a time of crisis, your folks are looking in your eyes to see something in you that lets them know everything's gonna be okay.


And You know, the outreach from the White House and from FEMA has been excellent and we're really gonna need your help. Okay? Well know that you've got it and know that you are invited to give any feedback about what you might need in real time. Oh my God, Glenn, people need to look in your eyes. There's, this is why Ron DeSantis does not return her calls. I mean, Ron DeSantis has had always very low patience, maybe even lower than would be good for him in terms of political interest with political theater, with political nonsense. He takes that job seriously. He, he really believes in results.


I think that's part of what made him not such a great politician when he ran for president. But in this particular case, that's the sort of thing that you want when you're dealing with something as devastating to the people of your state as a hurricane. And the idea that he would even consider for a moment having some performative theatrical call with Kamala Harris knowing that she doesn't care in the slightest about the hurricane, the suffering of these people. She's only looking for a campaign ad must just disgust him so much. And then the fact that he even had to address it probably irritated him even more. And this is the sort of thing I'm saying is that it shows how politically inept she is. Like even in that conversation with the St. Petersburg mayor, it just came off as so disingenuous.


It's just like it did losing this, this theatrical concern pretending that she had control of fema. The whole thing is just so vacant. And that's the word that I would probably choose more than anything else for Kamala Harris and her campaign There, there is no world in which Ron DeSantis would participate in that. He's just, there he is to authe authentic, strong and busy. I mean, that's all he does is solve problems. It's really sad to me that he ended his campaign in the way he did. It would be very great. I think if he would give it another go, even though he'll be a couple years out of office when the next term ends. Whoever's in there, I'd love to see him elevate higher because he's truly, truly competent.


He's smart. He cares who gives a crap if he doesn't, you know, worm you or have this most authentic smile. Okay, speaking of Milton, so it was bad But. it wasn't quite as bad as they feared it might be. As of Thursday morning, early DeSantis was saying, it's too soon to tell how many people had died in the storm. We know at least four were killed in St. Lucie County on Florida's east coast on Wednesday because two tornadoes touched down in relation to this whole weather mess that hit them more than 3.2 millions million people in Florida were without power early Thursday.


And I'm constantly, as I'm sure you are on your show, ripping on the media for all sorts of valid reasons. But I will say during storms like this, I tip my hat to those who are willing to go out there and bring people the story. Because seeing the reporter in danger with the swirling winds does make people tune in. It makes them care. And we do need people to care about these massive storms because ultimately we're the ones who pay for the cleanup. So we put together just a little bit of what happened last night. Anderson Cooper was one of them. Brian Enton of News Nation was another. Here's a little montage of the reporters who were out there taking it last night. And the water now is really starting to pour over.


If you look at the ground, whoa, okay, Got hit by something That wasn't good. Situation here in Sarasota is starting to turn dire. At first we had, okay, we're gonna go, we gotta go, we gotta go. Was Tom LaMi of NBC Rainwater that is just flooding now these neighborhoods in, And these are the worst conditions we have seen so far. Winds are just whipping like crazy. This Is a local Fox reporter that looks scary.


Oh my God, that is terrifying. Those are just from a storm chaser catching some of the video last night. It's dangerous out there, Glen. And you know, too often after these storms, we just kind of go back, well, it wasn't that bad. Everybody forecasting that it was gonna be absolutely awful was wrong and we should stick around for the next hurricane. And that's, that's really not the takeaway. The reason it's not worse this morning is because people did listen. Yeah. And just to your point about, about the media behavior and things like this, the commendable, you know, Anderson Cooper doesn't need to fly down to the middle of a ju extremely dangerous storm and stand in the middle. No one really does. When I was saying before that I actually do believe in the profession of journalism and the value that it produces.


That's the sort of thing I'm talking about. There's no partisan aspect to reporting on the devastation of a hurricane or going into a war zone and in your life, or sometimes losing your life to report on what's happening in war. The only way people can really understand the reality, if that's what the, the media and journalists continue to do, I would have a lot more respect for it. I think most people would. That's the sort of thing that we want. I I, as I said, I grew up in South Florida and at the time, south Florida was the epicenter of a lot of these hurricanes. There was one really terrible one in particular, I forget the name of it, but I remember we would, you know, board up our houses. It was, it was, it was terrifying, especially when the, the, the brunt of it would come to you and, and trees were falling and, and wind was circulating and there, there was, you know, waste high water all throughout where you lived.


These are really serious things and I think it is important for journalists to go and report on that. And that's why it just stands in such stark contrast to what Kamala Harris is trying to do, trifling with this, playing games with it, you know, inserting herself for no reason into it other than to gather. It's exactly what DeSantis says. She's trying to make it all about her in a way that is so selfish and so unserious and so creepy that that was why I reacted so strongly to seeing, I hadn't seen all those clips until you just showed me them. And it's amazing just how obsessive she is about it. I know I have some respect, I'll say a word on Anderson Cooper, I interviewed him when he came out with his book, which was a tribute to his mom, Gloria Vanderbilt.


He's a Vanderbilt. And he, we had a really profound conversation about the loss of our dads at a young age. And his brother died by suicide. He was older than Anderson and he jumped off of their balcony of their Park Avenue home, really dark stuff. And Anderson o admitted and was open about the fact that all that war correspondent work he did early in his career where he really placed himself right in the heart of danger. Which really, I mean, let's be honest, that's what he did again last night. As you point out, he did, they could find a lot of reporters at CNN to do that. They don't have to use their biggest star was driven.


He admitted to himself by, in part a death wish. You know, like he'd been close to death through, through family members too soon in life. And maybe there was like a, a depression or a dark, a darkness in him that was making him kind of wanna attempt fate or get close to it. Again. It was really one, it was a conversation I've never forgotten. And even though occasionally I'll rip on Henderson because everybody's fair game, I do have si kind of a soft spot for him because he's been through a lot and I respect the fact that he does things like that. So there we have a nice, we have a nice medium moment for we Glenn about a group that I don't, I don't we have any of those, Megan, so it's nice to sh yeah, I mean actually he and his husband have a, have property in Brazil.


I've had the opportunity to sit down with and have dinner with him and I have walked away with the same impression. So yeah, we don't get these moments where we praise corporate media employees very often. So here's one where we got to Yeah, We'll take it. Well we can. So keeping going, the discussion about the storm, another storms, because there's Helene e's Milton and people are still suffering massively from Helene in North Carolina, the western part of the state. Yes, there's a political element because that's largely red counties outta the 25 most affected counties. I think 23 are Republican counties. So this is an overwhelmingly red area that's suffering. And there are areas in Florida still suffering in any event, now it's become a question of where's the money coming from?


Where's fema? Where do, do we have the funds or don't we? Because do we have this soundbite of Mayor Mayorkas, you guys out there saying, we don't have the dough and we need it, do we? Yeah. Stand by. Here it is. We are meeting the immediate needs with the money that we have. We are expecting another hurricane hitting. We do not have the funds. FEMA does not have the funds to make it through the season. And that's led to a lot of people saying, why not? Where is the money that FEMA has in its coffers? And there's no question that FEMA has an immigrant services pot of money that it has been spending from, it's got 1.7 billion in grants to that, to that group.


And then it had a bunch of money over in the disaster aid group. The latest actually is in 2024 alone, they have some 36 billion in their disaster aid. And they had far more than that 650 million in their migrant services aid available. And they're burning through a ton of this money. So a lot of people wanna know why there's so much in the immigrant services pot and why we're not using that money to fund American re recovery in the wake of these storms. I think it's a fair question and it's led to beyond that, why are we giving all this money Ukraine? Why are we giving money to Lebanon? Why aren't we giving money to North Carolina State America first to steal a phrase?


And this led to this pretty remarkable exchange between Peter Ducey and Karine Jean Pierre at the White House the other day. Watch this. If he's got money for people in Lebanon right now without Congress having to come back, what does it say about his values? There's not enough money right now for people his values in North Carolina who need it. That's not misinformation. Wait, no, that is we, your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation, sir President, not To Congress that there's not enough money to help people in North, we're Carolina about the SBA disaster loan. That's Money for people in North Carolina and That's important. And people in North Carolina need that con wait, this is nothing new right now, Peter, this is nothing new. The president's letter is not misinformation.


Would you agree? No, the way you're asking me the question is misinformation. There is money that we are allocating to the impacted areas and there's money there to help people who truly need it. We don't know how bad it's Hurricane Milton is going to be. And so we're going to need additional funding. We're going to need additional funding. That's Exactly what I just asked about. And you said it was misinformation? No, what you're asking me is why Congress needs to come back and do their job. That's what you're asking me. Hmm. Did I say 36 billion in disaster aid? That's what I meant to say. 36 billion in disaster aid and 650 million in the migrant services. Okay. So, but they're saying it's not enough. And he's trying to raise the point of like, why are we giving all this money to Lebanon when we can't take care of the people in North Carolina?


And she dismisses the whole thing, Glen, as misinformation. His question is misinformation. I I I think this actually raises one of the most important debates in our country. Namely, who does the ruling class in Washington prioritize? Whose interests do they prioritize? Who don't they care about? One of the things that has bothered me a little bit about this debate over the last couple weeks, North Carolina, is everybody picks and chooses which expenditure they dislike to say, oh, that money should have gone to the people of North Carolina instead, the reality is that a major part of what the United States does is we fund in the billions and billions of dollars all sorts of other countries.


Not only have we given $8 billion to Ukraine just in the last week alone, we've also given eight and a half billion dollars to Israel as well. Those bombs that we give to Israel are the ones that are being used to blow up a lot of civilian infrastructure in Lebanon, which we then send a tiny fraction, $195 million to Lebanon for humanitarian aid to take care of the people who have nothing to do with terrorism, but who are nonetheless blown up. That is, I think what Donald Trump ran on in 2016. That was what America first meant was first we take care of our own citizens and our own country. Our communities are falling apart. You look at people's opportunities, they don't go to college, they can't go to college.


They have to work two or three crappy jobs just to barely stay in the middle class. Both parents have to work. Fentanyl is overflowing in our communities until we fix our own country and take care of the priorities of our own citizens first, only then should we consider helping other countries in their wars and paying for their wars. And it's not just $195 million to Lebanon, it's $24 billion we've sent to Israel in the last year. A lot more than that, sent to Ukraine in the last two and a half years. All kinds of billions of dollars, all all going all around the world, filling the pockets of Raytheon and general dynamics in Boeing. And you see the, the, the secretary of of, of, of homeland security say, we don't have money for fema.


That is the reality. Americans come last when it comes to the priority spendings of Washington. Right. That is why Donald Trump, I'm convinced one in 2016. And that continues to be, in my view, the most fundamental flaw of Washington policy makers. It's so true. Like, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm genuinely sorry that people are in midst, in the midst of wars and getting bombed in foreign lands. But Hurricane Helene was a bomb of its own. And there are a lot of Americans who are seriously in danger and suffering babies the elderly, and they need all hands on deck. And you hear my orchestra going out there saying, we don't have any money. Why not?


Why not? Peter Ducey actually went out there, he was pissed that cor Jean-Pierre tried to dismiss his question as misinformation. It's like, how can the question be misinformation? I'm asking you if what Biden said is true and if that's remains true and where's the money? So he came out and defended himself in a post online just after this. Here's part of it, Peter Ducey here outside the west wing of the White House, where this week one of my questions about foreign aid versus hurricane relief was called misinformation. President Biden is fond of saying, show me your budget and I will tell you what you value. If he's got money for people in Lebanon right now without Congress having to come back, what does it say about his values?


There's not enough money right now for People his values In North Carolina and the media. That's not misinformation. Wait, no, that is we, your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation, sir, what? You don't, yes, yes. It's misinformation. I've got the information right here. The Vice president is posting on social media about $157 million in additional assistance to the people of Lebanon. President Biden is posting about how the small business administration's disaster loan program is gonna run out of funding if Congress does not come back to a lot of people watching these briefings. A taxpayer dollar is a taxpayer dollar is a taxpayer dollar.


That is not misinformation. That is a fact Good for him. To your, to your point earlier, Glen, how that pesky internet just allows you to do a lot that you couldn't if the Dems had total control over information. But I I think this really does go to the heart of everything that is happening in our political dynamic and, and why there's been such a realignment in, in terms of who the parties attract. Donald Trump in 2016 when he accepted Republican nomination said, I'm here to represent the forgotten man. I'm like, what did that mean? What it means is so clear, which is that there are some very wealthy and powerful people who partic typically reside on the east and west coast.


They control Hollywood, they control the media, they control Washington. And then there's this huge portion of the country in between who are American citizens, whose communities have been destroyed, whose jobs have been shipped overseas, who have no American dream left. And nobody in Washington really cares. Maybe not nobody, but almost nobody in Washington really cares. And the way you know that is by looking at what they prioritize you. Exactly what Biden said. You can look at the budget and see who's who, whose interests are prioritized and whose isn't. And I think the reason why Americans are so angry at the ruling status elite and the status quo, why that determines who they vote, that why they've turned to Trump.


I think that's why they're turning to Trump again is precisely because they know that and they know it better than the people who are thriving on both coasts, the minority of people who control our institutions. This is the fundamental tension, not only in the US but throughout the west. Immigration comes in And, it harms, you know, working class and poor communities and and people of color as well. It doesn't harm people who live in the richest parts of Alexandria, Virginia who work in, in, in the White House or people who live in Paris and Berlin and, and Madrid and this is, or in London. And this is the fundamental tension that's here Western democracies apart, is that these governments don't take their primary responsibility of taking care of their own citizens interests seriously at all.


At all. They don't care in any way. And people obviously are gonna see that. It's so true. So well said. And then, and then the nerve of Corin Jean pire to just dismiss the questioning about it as that's just misinformation and closes up her book and walks away like, I'm, I'm not going there. 'cause you are full of miss just the enormous disrespect, not just to Peter, but to the, the Americans who would like an answer too. Alright, I'm gonna take a quick break here. When we come back, you talk about Trump, you mentioned him there and earlier we talked about how Kamala is struggling to be real. That that's what Americans want. You aren't real. I'm gonna give you real after this break as Trump goes on to podcast with Andrew Schultz, who we love.


And he's been on the show a couple of times and I was in tears. I was laughing so hard. All right, standby.


Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who's paying the price? You, you might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back and you might be barely able to keep food on the table. Done with debt can be a way out for you. They have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head. With creditors getting balances reduced interest rates slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, done with debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast. Some credit relief programs do expire before you even make another payment. Consider a visit to done with debt.com or call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to done with debt.com. That's done with debt.com. Done with debt.com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Now I don't wanna be nice, you know, somebody said you should be nicer. Women won't like it. I said, I don't care. No, they say that. A guy came up to me today, he said, sir, you really should be nicer to her. The women won't like it. The women want safety and the women want to have a country that they can be proud of. I think, I mean, honestly, Glenn, that's honest. That's Trump. Like, I don't care. I I'm not going to be nicer. I mean, first of all, for so long, so many liberals refuse to admit what is just so obvious, which is that Trump is incredibly funny.


I remember talk Carlson saying at the RMC that Trump is actually the funniest person that he ever met. Trump is hilarious. Like if you don't, if you understand that a lot of what he's saying he realizes is intended to be amusing, you will see that humor immediately. If you take seriously everything that he's saying is some awful thing about what you wanna be offended, then maybe you won't. But look, I mean, I'm sure there are a lot of people who listen to that and don't particularly like hearing women spoken about in that way. But as you said, I think all that is outweighed politically by the gold that he has of being able to say whatever is on his mind. And that does build a certain trust in people, even if they don't like the particular comment that he's uttering at the moment.


Yes, That's right. Here he was. Okay. So he goes on with Andrew Schultz, who did such a nice interview of Trump, I have to say it was very funny. He's a comedian and he is hysterical. If you ever get a chance, watch his Netflix specials and you can go back and find our episodes. We'll get you the numbers. But I died. I laughed so hard every time I've talked to this guy, he's so, like r-rated, but so funny. Anyway, so he asked Trump, he, they get into the subject of Trump's nicknames for everybody. Look at this bit in Saw 13. I'm good with names. You know, you are, you're very good. You're, I mean, Pocahontas.


Yeah, we have names. What about, And and there was you tampon Tim was good. What About is that Tim the wrong with tampon? Tim? It's hard to say. Yeah. In other words, it's a mouthful. Yeah, it's a lot damn punk. And you can't stutter it through when you fall. It's really a lousy word to say. Yeah. But it's quite accurate right there. There are some like comrade Kamala, it's a little hard to say she's comrade because she's obviously a communist. Yeah, she's horrible. Yeah. Yeah. So I call her comrade. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not bad, but when you put the names together, yeah. It's a little like, you gotta be able to pme.


No, you gotta be Able to put it out there. I mean, honestly, like he'll talk to you about anything. He'll tell you how he comes up with the nicknames. By the way, the name of the podcast is File Flagrant Glen. Well, just two things about that, Megan. One is the Pocahontas thing is exactly the kind of thing I was just talking about. I remember all liberals believed that him calling Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas was somehow racist when in fact he was mocking her racism for having claimed Native American status to advance her career when she in fact was not Native American. Pocahontas, wasn't mocking Native Americans, actual Native Americans. It was mocking Elizabeth Warren for pretending to be one when she wasn't.


So You either see is Aian E Exactly. The other thing is, I, I find this so interesting is I, I've seen a lot of this having worked with Rumble now for a while and kind of delved more into this sort of subcultures on the internet fame is now so fragmented. There are a lot of people who have a, and a lot of influence and a lot of fame who most people who work in mainstream media have never heard of, let alone even talked about. There's this whole kind of subculture on the internet with people who have millions and millions of viewers way more than most people on television. And they're unknown. I guarantee if you ask most people who work in media or politics, who Andrew Schultz's, they would have no idea.


Even though he commands, you know, a gigantic audience or Theo Von people like this. It's a really interesting thing. And younger people in particular, you know, have no idea who say, you know, George Stephanopoulos is, but you ask them who Kai Sonata is, or I show speed. And those are their celebrities. Those are the people who they, they listen to And it. And the internet has really fragmented fame in this way that I think is super interesting. And Trump has been going on those shows, I think oriented by Barron who listens to them because that's who young people listen to in a way that has been really effective. That's a good point. Point. That's a good point. Meanwhile, tampon, Tim went over, he, he keeps his speech last night and they put him next to some gamer.


This is the Harris' response to the Trump appeal to young men. They put him next to a gamer who is playing the game online in a split screen next to Tim Wall. So just show you a little bit of what this, I, none of us totally understood this. Here it is. I hear this. Oh, I'm, I don't know. I don't really like Donald Trump's personality, but I like his proposals. Which ones tax us to billionaires taking away women's reproductive rights, not dealing with climate change, not having a plan for immigration. Okay. I I'm not sure that's the same thing. I'm not sure he's gonna get it done with the young men, Glen, but that's what they're doing. I mean, you can go and try and speak to certain voters if you're a natural the way Trump is, like he fits in very well with those shows.


He talks about the same things they talk about in the way that he talks about them. If you do it though in a way that's totally condescending, like, hi, I'm Tim Waltz in my relax mode here to talk to you young people. While I like game And, it comes off as super cringey. I remember the 2016 Hillary Clinton campaign really believed that if they dragged Lena Dunham around everywhere and made, remember she took over Hillary Clinton's Instagram account that this is gonna be the thing that was gonna propel all these young people to go out in droves and support because they see Lena Dunham as the representative. And if Hillary hung around with her enough, these, it's so out of touch. Like you either have that ability or you don't. And in those two clips you see who has it and who doesn't. Yes.


So true. My gosh, my, and here I am, my normal person, by the way, the Andrew Schultz MK episodes are episode number 74 and 3 58 74 and 3 58. So funny. Okay, so let me keep going because on the subject of Trump's humor, I'll tell you this. When I went and interviewed him in September of last year, one of the comments I made on this show when we were debriefing about it after the fact was how Trump does meander. You know, he meanders you ask him a question about, you know, this pen and then we're meandering down a lot of lanes. But I made the point, he always comes back and answers your question about the pen. Like he does.


He uses his opportunity to answer, to say the things he wants to say, the things that are on his mind, whatever. But he will get back to you on that pen at the end. And this came up in the Andrew Schultz interview yesterday. I've never heard him describe it quite this way. Take a listen to So 11, You know, I do a thing called a weave. I don't ramble if I saw the story. Yeah. What you do is you weave things and you do it. You need an extraordinary memory. 'cause you have to come back to where you started. Yes. I you always, a weave is only good if you come back. We would give credit for that. It's true. Then you could go all the way over here and then get back. I can go so far here or there and I can come back to exactly where I started. Now someday when you don't come back to way you started, you're Biden, you're not, You're Biden the weave.


He's been kind of defensive about his rambling. 'cause he is been taking criticism and sometimes he does ramble. But it's interesting to hear him like own it. Right? It's not like Kamala with like, I am the strength and he is the weakness. He's like, let me talk to you about the things people are saying about me. I mean, I, I I I, I really think this is the key thing going on in this election, and it's been the key to Trump since he's emerged, which is the one thing you get from polls is that everybody hates politicians. They hate the political class, they hate establishment institutions. That's undeniable. Even obviously Trump in the beginning, there was this incredible novelty to him because he acted and spoke like no other person did who had a chance to be president, let alone who became one.


After eight years, maybe that novelty has worn off. Some people are not as excited by it. But even still, after being president, having run three times the way he speaks, the things he's willing to say, the way he's willing to joke about things, it's so radically different than almost any other politician that if you hate politicians, if you hate the political class, you see on the one hand Kamala Harris who's the living, breathing, embodiment of the establishment. That every word that comes out of our mouth seems calculated even when it's inept on the one hand. And then you see Trump being able to go onto these shows and just speak in the most, you know, the way ordinary people speak and, and without any concern for the impact of what he is saying.


And that can continues to be his greatest strength. He doesn't care. He'll be self-deprecating. He'll, he'll kind of, he's in on it. He's in on the jokes about him. Exactly. He's mock on hair. They asked him about his truthfulness on the podcast too, in a good exchange. So 14. Yeah. I'll tell you what bothers me. Kamala the other day said he is against IVF and everybody knows that that's false. She is an add-on that. I'm against IVF. She knows it's untrue. She is an add-on that blood baths. She lied about many things and she's a liar. You, there should be some kind of a rule when they know it's a lie.


You can't do a commercial on it. I have a hard time doing it to them because I'm ba you know, I'm basically a truthful person. But, and, and frankly, No, but frankly, no. But frankly, She's given me so much ammunition. I don't really have to, I mean, she's a radical left lunatic who will destroy our nation. I have to say I appreciated, I appreciated the, basically that's Trump with a wink and an nod saying I'm still a politician. And I, you know, I know who I am, but I honestly, that's the irony of Trump. You put down like Trump's lies next to Kamala's lies and Kamala's lies is, is as long as Santa Scroll.


I mean, it just goes on and on and around the world. Trump does lie. There's no question. But he, he's not like she is and nevermind her running mate where, who can't even open his mouth without giving us another lie. I also, yeah, and I, what I think is, I'm not, not necessarily ready to say there's a gigantic difference in the quantity of lies that Democrats tell and Trump tells. But what I think is important is that, as you say, it's the self-awareness. The Democrats, pretty much as their defining trait are so sanctimonious, they're so self-righteous. They would never engage in self-deprecating humor in that way.


Like a wink and a nod about how, because they think they really are the living, breathing embodiment of benevolence and nobility and all things good in the world. Whereas Trump doesn't put on that air. He's willing to kind of joke about himself. Even in those moments where he's saying things that he knows might not be true. He is, there's a kind of a winking cynicism to it. And I think that's why he just comes across as so much more likable. Yeah, I agree with you. And I don't know what the delta is between the two of them, but her lies are all over the airwaves. He's exactly right. And she'll lie about things that have been debunked over and over and over. She just doesn't, she doesn't care.


Here is the last thing that I wanted to show you. He told a story. Andrew Schultz asked him a story about Don Jr. That he got from Don Jr. And here's that exchange thought, 15. I would drive him crazy. No drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. I would say that or Not. Did you say that to Don Jr. I, Yeah. Don's a little wild now He told me a funny story and he said to me, he goes, once, he asked if he could have a couple of his friends over for New Year's. Was it New Year? No, no, it was July 4th, right on top of Trump Tower. Right. Five friends. And you said Yes. He's like, I want five friends. You're like, okay, I'm outta town. Go for it. He brings 200 people over to Trump Town.


Okay. That's right. Okay. He says that you weren't supposed to be there, you end up showing up, you hear some noise upstairs, you come up, you go, what the fuck is everybody doing here? Get the hell outta my house. He said he cleaned for the next 36 hours. And he said, to this day, you have never brought up that it even happened. And he said, I'm starting to believe it might not have happened. So he said, that's almost, can you give him closure? No, it happened. No, I can never give. Here's the follow up too. Don Jr tweeted it out after the fact. True story. He literally never even brought it up ever again.


I waited for weeks waiting for the shoe to drop. My father never even mentioned it again, which was such a worse punishment than literally anything he could have done to me at the time. LOL. Those are nice moments. You will never, ever hear about that side of Trump from this media, which is, I mean, literally out right now with the piece in the Atlantic by never Trumper in chief. Tom Nichols talking about how he's the, he, he electing him would be the end of George Washington's vision for the presidency and the United States. He's vengeful, emotionally unstable, convicted felon, insurrectionist, admirer of foreign dictators, a racist, a misogynist.


He, his desires are to return to office as an autocrat. He's left no doubt about his intentions. His deep motives are about his ego and to punish his enemies and place himself above the law. They don't see a man, a dad, anything resembling a human there at all. It, it's a caricature. And the reason is, is because they sit in a closed information circle and they reinforce all the time for each other to each other that Trump is this sort of completely sociopathic monster. I've had the opportunity to spend time with Don Jr. And a couple of other members of, of Trump's family. And at the end of the day, when you have five adult children and they all clearly are loyal to you, your grants kids are loyal to you.


That doesn't happen automatically. A lot of adult kids grow up and dislike their parents have an, you know, people denounce their parents. Trump has had none of that. So whatever else you wanna say, he clearly is somebody who has earned the respect and the love of his family. And for me, when you're judging someone's character, that is one of the most relevant factors there is. Because as you know, as a parent, it's not that easy. You know, you have to be a good parent sometimes you have to be hard with your kids. So you look at Donald Trump whose family obviously adores him. And you look at the caricature that liberals constantly created him, and there's no connection whatsoever. And even the fact that he could have joked about Donald Donald Trump Jr.


That way, and his, his party, most people would be like, oh no, there's he, he's never had a party like that. He was like, yeah, he had a party like that. He's kind of wild. Just that is so authentic in terms of, other than like, oh no, my kids are model children. You know? Right. People understand the realities in families And. it is just, again, part of his willingness to speak in a way that's not very calculated. It's super fun to think about Donald Trump, especially back in that day and age when Don Jr. Would would've been a teenager coming up and walking into that. I'll end with this one, which is kind of a nice moment. Slot 17. So how do you instill the ambition in the kids? Well, you know, I've seen a lot of wealthy families where the kids are mostly don't work out too well.


Some don't turn out to be bad kids, but they end up hat the father or the father maybe wanted them in business. I mean, I have one father that's very competitive with his son. He, he's, if the son were more successful than him, he would hate it. He would be unhappy. I said, are you crazy? It's supposed to be the other way around. That's awesome. My father was so proud of me. He was. He was a successful guy. Yeah. But my father wanted me to be more successful. I mean, he was so proud of all the things I wish he could have seen what happened. Aw, that's kind of sweet. There's a, there's a human in there, Glenn. I got 15 seconds left. I'll give 'em to you. I mean, I'm sure you've thought about those things with your kids. I know. I've thought about them with mine and so there's no way to fake that.


The fact that he's given so much thought to that sort of thing, the fact that he's navigated through it, it shows a humanity that typically people refuse to acknowledge. That's right. And they need to because a man's had his life almost taken twice now in as many months. Glen, what a pleasure as always, still our number one guest, number one most frequent. And beloved, thanks so much for being here. I intend To keep it that way, Megan, thanks for having me on. Awesome. Tomorrow the show, the man you've heard me mention multiple times today. Mark Halperin will be here along with his buddies, Sean Spicer and Dan ine. Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.