
Track your glucose like You. Track your favorite artist's next album release. Introducing Stello, the powerful glucose biosensor. That tracks how food, exercise, And, even sleep, affect your glucose. Join the Personal Health revolution today at stello.com.


It's almost time. Verizon. Small business days are coming from October 14th to the 20th. Meet with our experts. Get one-on-one advice, a free tech check, And special offers. Don't miss out. Give your business the VIP treatment it deserves. Call 1-800-483-FOUR 4 2 8 or go to verizon.com/small business. Get started today.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to this Megyn Kelly. Show And, our special First Person episode. The fight to protect women's sports is underway. And, right Now. The focus is on college. Women's volleyball teams in the Mountain West Conference have recently forfeited games against San Jose State University. After it was revealed That, one of the top players on their team is a male pretending to be a woman. His name is Blair Fleming And.


He continues to play putting these women, including those on his own team at Risk. And Now. One of his teammates is bravely speaking out. Brooke Slusser is a setter on the San Jose State University team. She recently joined a class action lawsuit against the NCAA. And is going public with efforts by her university to cover up the fact That Fleming is a male. Brooks Luer joins me. Now


We track so many things in our lives, trending podcasts, playlists, even your favorite artist's. Next album release. It's time for an easy way to track your glucose. Meet stello, the powerful glucose biosensor available without a prescription. The Trax Glucose 24 7 to reveal how food, exercise, And, even sleep, can affect your glucose, helping You become a healthier You. Join the Personal Health Revolution today at stello.com.


When it comes to running your retail or restaurant business, You are the expert But when it comes to helping You power your technology strategy. Let us be your tech expert at N CR Voy X. We're shaping the future of commerce with industry defining technology. We'll handle the tech stuff so You can focus on keeping your customers happy. Learn more at NCR voy x.com. N, CRVO Y I x.com.


Brooke, so good to meet You. Thank You so much for being here. Thank You so much for having me. You're a courageous young woman because you're still on this team. And it. Know the blowback has been severe. So first, just tell us what made You speak out. what was it? I mean? I. Think it just at the end of the day, it has so much more to do with right Now. In. this honestly probably won't affect Blair And playing on my team at this time. But, it has to do with the generations of girls coming through wanting to play division one sports. And making That change for them.


So They don't ever have to go through this And. it think that's the biggest push factor of why I felt so inspired to wanna join this lawsuit. You are so spot on. And You really are brave. I'm I. Didn't expect to play this ad this high. Up in our interview But. I'm going to, our friend Jennifer say has this XX, X Y athletics brand. She used to help run Levi's And. She got basically forced outta there because she didn't want Covid, lockdowns, And schools not letting kids in. So Now, she's opened up this brand. That is meant to support women, women like You, who are just trying to play sports on a fair equal playing field.


And, she dropped this ad, which is a dear Nike ad. The point of the ad which I'm gonna play is That. Nike is not standing up for women. The NCAA is not standing up for women. Your school is not standing up for women. And amazingly it, it takes somebody like You Brooke. It takes an actual woman who's affected by their cowardice to, to make change. Here's the Nike ad. Dear Nike. Dear Nike. Dear Nike, why won't You stand up for me? Why won't You stand up for me? Why won't You? Why do You claim to support women And girls yet what We need. You most You remain silent Today. Males are claiming our Identity, our sports, our spaces.


Men, And boys are stealing opportunities. Medals, trophies, And our future. It Is not fair. Or just In fact, it's often dangerous. Yet You, refuse to use your platform to stand up. You say you're for social justice. And progress. So Why do You allow men's rights to come before ours? See You with a big platform Comes an even bigger responsibility. You Have a chance to do the right thing, not just do the easy thing. So we're asking You, Nike. So we're asking You, Nike. So we're asking You, Nike As the biggest voice in all of sports. Will You stand up for me? Will You stand up for me? Will You Stand up for me? Will You stand up for me? Will You Will You? Will You just do it?


Hashtag Save Sports Xx X Y. Athletics. Amazing. Very moving And. So far the answer from Nike has been no in the form of silence. But Brooke. You're doing it And. You're doing it. While You have skin in the game. You're on this team with this male pretending to be female. Everyone is against You. So walk us through how this first happened to You. 'cause I understand You transferred into San Jose Yes. Yeah, so I went into the transfer portal going into my junior year. And it just wanted to go somewhere where I just find the love for the game. Again. Just be happy doing what I've always wanted to do.


And got recruited by San Jose State And. It was never brought to my knowledge. That. There was a male on the team. obviously there would've been no way That I would've came here. If I had known That And. So They recruited me. Everything seemed great. And. it also got recruited in the summer. So I only got to meet two of the girls on the team at the time. That just happened to be on campus while I was taking my visit. So I didn't really know anyone on the team until I got here. And. Then They also being a transfer athlete recommended That. One of our group of girls, That are on the team. Had an open room. And, That, I. Move in with them because it would be good to help me Bond And.


Get to know some of the girls on the team. And. it was like That sounds amazing. Like I would love to do That. So I move in And. It's with three of my teammates. And, come to find out one of those teammates is Blair, who I did not know was a male. So I'm not only on the team with a man. But also was unknowingly living with one. Wow. No one told You. That. Blair was a biological man. Was a male before You moved in. No. So how did You find out I? So I was here for about two And a half months And.


Nothing was said And. Then I went to a food truck with one of my teammates, And two of the men's basketball players at San Jose State. And. it kind of overheard 'em talking while We were waiting for our food. Talking about Blair being a man. And, it kind of turned around And. it was like, what are y'all talking about? And? They were like You. Don't know And. it was like, what are You talking about? And. That's when everything kind of unfolded for me. And They told me what They knew. But still. It was nowhere out in the open. No one talked about it. It was all just whispers behind closed doors. It was never addressed.


So my I went through a whole stage of like denial. 'cause I mean just with the way I was raised. I'm not second guessing If someone is the gender That. They're telling me They are so And. I've never had to deal with this before. So it was just a whole like mind game of trying to figure out how to deal with this on your own. Again, this was not talked about by anyone. So when I found this out, it's not like I went to practice. And was able to talk about it with my coaches. And have someone to go to about this. It was just a situation in the back of my head where our teammates who were figuring it out slowly were able to talk about it with each other. But, there was nothing We can do about it.


Is Blair And We? We showed the picture there is. Is Blair like tall? Physically imposing? Describe Blair. Blair is about six one Oh. Wow. Definitely the most muscular person on our team by far. So I mean Do We know whether Blair went through male puberty? I Don't I just not tell You. I'm not Sure. Do We We don't know. When Blair quote transitioned or attempted to start looking like a woman, I couldn't give You an exact age. I just know it was young. And. it wanna say around 13, 12 years old.


But again, I haven't sat down with Blair. And asked these questions. Yeah, yeah. It doesn't look like Blair's willing to have this conversation. So We don't know whether Blair's been through male puberty. Certainly the height would suggest maybe though there can be tall girls. Especially in volleyball too. Not That. Blair's a girl. He's not. He's a man. So You, find this out. And Now. You're living with Blair. And. Is it true too? That. You. You had actually shared a room with Blair from time to time. Like on the road. Was it for games? Yes? Yeah. So I, when We have travel trips, there's two girls to a room.


Usually And your coaches. Just give You. Anyone on the team. And. They usually switch it up with people. That They know you're not as close with. So That You can get to know different people on the team. And it was like, this is great. I'm a transfer player. Like I'll get the opportunity to get to know some new people on the team. That. I haven't really gotten to know yet. And. Then I noticed as time went on. That I just kept getting roomed with Blair, which I found very odd. 'cause everyone else on the team was getting switched around. Again, I'm a new person on the team. I wasn't gonna sit And ask questions or cause trouble just because I do what I'm told. And. That's just it is what it is. At the time, I had no reason to question what anyone was doing. And. Who I was rooming with And.


Then come to find out later, They asked Blair who he was comfortable rooming with on away trips. And, apparently there was a selected few of us. That were on That list. And. it was one of 'em. Wow. Without any disclosure. Yeah, whatsoever. So did You get along with Blair? what kind of a person is Blair? That's what what the hardest part was is 'cause I did get along with Blair before finding all this out. I mean living with a person. You're around them a lot. And. So Blair was a friend to me, And.


So after all this coming out, like it was again just I'm in such a denial because he's someone You. Think is a friend. And. Then come to find out their life is a lie to You. Is how I perceived it. So I think that's why it's so hard for so many people to deal with this in our situation, right? Now, Did You notice a difference on the court in Blair's play versus the other girls? Oh 100% I mean anyone. You don't have to know volleyball at all. You just come. And. Sit And. Watch one of our games. And. It's so obvious. That. There's so much more power.


And Strength behind That Swing. I mean You. Go watch a male game. And a women's game. There's a complete difference. There's a reason. That, they're separate. So If You, come And, watch our games. It's the same thing. Like there is a, that's bla massive Differe blaik the ball difference. There is a massive Difference ball. So explain for the non volleyball observer here. what are, what are We seeing? Why? Why is That extraordinary with Blair spiking The ball? How so? You just can see how high Blair is jumping. I mean he's swinging over the block against anyone. That. We're playing And then it is not just a hard swing. It's a hard swing. Straight down. Like That is ung Diggable And.


For people who don't know var efforts, And digging is just playing defense against a hitter. Like these swings are just, you're not, you're unable to stop it. And. So it's just an insane difference. And. Not just the power, But the ability to even Keefe the ball up. Right? Just, just last night, Blair played in a game. And spiked a girl in the face. Here it is. Watch. They'll have to continue to look forward as They trail by 10 points here. Fleming, Right? There right there hits her in the face. And, the announcer would go on to comment on how the girl's face was turning pink from the hit.


That's not the first time That Blair's her abilities with a Massive blow from the back row. A good job getting it back up. Kira Herron hasn't pink in her ear. And, her face is starting to look like she's matching That as obviously took the contact. But also gotta feel little embarrassed as she's trying to laugh off That last ball. Aw, right, he I. Think he nailed it. She's embarrassed. And. She's trying to laugh it off. And. It wasn't the first time That. Even the announcers noticed a difference in Blair And, the way Blair plays. Here's another example in top 50, Her vertical is In. this match unmatched flare flooding ladies, And gentlemen might be the most impressive accolade on the floor tonight.


Not any of the women the man posing as one. So That seems to be just a couple of examples of them seeing what You say. You experienced firsthand. Yes And. So did You You Feel safe in playing like with Blair on on your team like I. As I assume You. You kind of scrimmage I. Dunno what the word is against one another. And practice. And. So on. Did You feel like You were safe? Oh no I mean there's I. Think it's noticeable Now for anyone. That can go And like our team has access to film. That, You can go watch for practice. And. You can just see girls the entire practice having to dodge out of the way of a swing.


So like just in That video, That You showed we're not getting slammed in the face. And it don't feel safe. I've gone to my coaches And. I've said I refuse to play against Blair. If. There isn't at least a lockup, which If we're being honest doesn't really make a difference for anyone. But. what does That mean? what Yeah, I mean Mean, mean girls. what it a block? If. There's no block up. Then Blair's just going with no one up at the net. Just openly swinging. So at least there you're saying, so A way of minimizing the danger would be to put girls along the net on your team, on defense against Blair. Yes. And. There times in practice, even If, there is a block up.


People are still getting hit in the head. People are still dodging Blair's swings. It's not safe. And it's talked about all the time. It doesn't, We, don't feel safe playing defense against Blair. 'cause again, the power is just unmatchable for any woman. It doesn't matter how good of it or bad anyone wants to say That. Blair's play is comparatively to some of the top players in the ncaa. They're amazing players. But again, the power behind this swing is just so different. And it. You're not completely prepared for it. You will get blown up. And. That's the scariest part. 'cause That just end your career, Right? Well, I mean I'm Sure. You guys are aware of Peyton McNabb in North Carolina.


A young volleyball player who did play against a male who was posing as female And suffered permanent nerve damage, And brain damage. And, she's, she's been outspoken about it since But. She's only 16 years old. And, And, They allowed this to happen to her. So there is real risk. There's genuine danger to You. Like what? what did your parents say? what did your family say when They realized the school had placed You In this position? My parents were enraged. I mean You can only imagine. It's like you're sending your child off, putting them in the hands. And trust of these coaches to basically take care of You. And be able to relay like life decisions.


And everything through them. And. Then come to find out That. They said all these things like, bring Brooke here. We'll care for her. We'll love for her. And lie about a man being on the team. And, not And, allowing me to move in with a man on the team. After knowing everything That, I'd been through personally with my past And volleyball. So it was They just not have been angrier about the whole situation. I mean rightfully so, My feel for them entirely. And would have shared the outrage. So You Now are faced with this information And. Most people, even RI gains who I know We both love in the moment did not say anything.


You know because everything's on the line. You work so hard. She was at the NCAA championships. And, They were screwing her over. So in the moment, I think an athlete's instinct is I am tough. I am trained to suck it up. I play through pain. I play through a lot. That's, that's how You become a champion. So what, how are You able to get around That Great mentality. And seek a higher goal. Which really is what you're doing to say this is morally wrong. I mean. So we've had so many meetings about all of this with the media. People from our school with admin compliance, Everyone, And.


From the beginning when We had That first meeting, it was when the first article came out about Blair being trans And basically saying, don't tell Blair's story. If people ask about it. It's not your story to tell. No comment. Like it's probably be, it is probably best If. You. Don't make a comment. And. With That being the first meeting, no one really made comments about it. We all just kind of left And. It was just this feeling of like, what about us? Like there's 18, 19 other women on this team. That are having to deal with this. And the backlash. And. Then also having to mentally go through the fact of finding out That. This is a man we're playing with And, That this.


It is connecting all the puzzle pieces of why Blair played so differently. And it think over time, I just got so fed up with this like heavy feeling of They don't care about us And. They're not doing anything to protect us. They only care about protecting Blair, which I don't understand. No one else understood But. it was like, there's so many things That, everyone else is going through having to deal with this But. Yet, don't make a comment. Your feelings don't matter. Don't tell Blair's story. It's not your story to tell And it think I just got so fed up with That because everything in my body was like, this is so wrong, And.


Nothing about this is right. It's not fair. It shouldn't be happening. And. So when I got the opportunity, And got reached out to by icons to join the lawsuit. I sat in it for a minute. And. it was like I. Never want anyone else to have to go through what my team is having to go through, right? Now I mean these girls grow up again, just wanting to play D one. Volleyball. It's your dream. And Now. We're to the point where we're barely talking about volleyball And. We're only talking about how to deal with the outside noise of all of this. And, how to handle it. And, how to deal with it. But, We don't have anyone in the school really telling us how to do those things. Just telling us to be quiet. And, be happy. And, nothing's gonna change.


And. So I think at the end of the day, I just got so fed up. I was like, I wanna be able to make this change for other people coming into collegiate sports? I am so sorry That. This happened to You. This is so wrong. I know some young got volleyball players who are have given everything. They're on That core all the time. And it know what it takes to get division one volleyball. Like that's a dream. That's a dream. You have to work so hard for That And. Then to have this thrown at You. You must endanger yourself. You must suscept yourself to possible brain damage, nerve damage, physical harm in the name of equity or some other unstated goal.


It's deeply immoral. It's unsafe. I all I can think of, right? Now And. By the way, for those just tuning in, we're talking to Brooke Slusser. She is the co-captain of the San Jose State women's volleyball team, right? Now And. She is speaking out about what the school is doing to her. And the other girls. And the girls in the league. By refusing to pull a male player who is pretending to be female. And instead forcing them all to play against him. All I can think of is Megan Rapino one of the most well-known names in women's sports Who said And it quote, show me all the trans people who are nefariously taking advantage of being trans in sports.


It's just not happening. what would You like her to know? I mean at the end of the day, it's just not right. Like again, male, And female. There is a reason. There's men's sports And. Women's sports. That didn't start just for no for nothing. So there's at the end of the day, If. This is gonna Keefe going the way it's going. Why wouldn't coaches just recruit a full team of men? If, they're allowed to be in women's sports. I mean You would obviously win everything. It's a no brainer. Exactly. As long as they're willing to put on a skirt. And say they're not male, they're in And.


You, You. Yeah, exactly. I mean there's money attached to it. There's bragging rights attached to it. Universities pay millions, millions of dollars to get the right recruits. And make Sure That. The university is built up to have winning sports teams. It helps with donations with alumni. There's a lot of money riding on it. Why not? This is great. Yeah. Once You got the camel's nose under the tent, just go for the whole camel. Why have the women at all, they're so annoying. And, such losers. Really I mean men make the best women we've seen That time. And time again. That's really where this argument takes us. So You decide. You mentioned the lawsuit. This is the Riley. Riley didn't take long before she found That voice. And. She's been so fierce on this whole issue.


And, she's been a leader in among other things. Bringing this lawsuit saying, You violated my Title IX rights. NCAA And should never have put me or others in the position. That They are putting You Brooke in Right Now. Unsafe. Unfair And. Unlawful And They. So icons, which is a group That, helps women In this position. And are well worth your time. And And your money. If. You. Want to donate folks is Now. They. Reach out to You. They. Get You involved. You say Yes, I'll join the lawsuit. Very, very brave. You've got current standing, no court. just say You don't. This is an active issue for You, right? Now.


And. what kind of reaction do You get from your teammates? And, your coaches I. Think my coaches were very caught off guard when I first told them. I think They said a lot of things. That. All I asked of them. I said, I. Just ask That. You respect me. And my decision as much as You were s. You are respecting And assigned support player in his decision to be here. And, it said You. Don't have to think of me the same off the court on the court. I just want the same respect. And. Just from how everything had been going.


I knew That. My coach wasn't gonna be happy about me joining. Most likely But. Again, I kind of just left it at I. Just want the respect on the court. I don't want anything to change on the court. And, he was like, of course. Like I'm not gonna change the way I treat You as a coach. To this day, I don't know If. That's still happening. But from my team. I've had so much love. I mean We have such an amazing group of women on our team. And. That is the only reason I'm still able to be here is for them. Oh. Thank God. Because They come in every day. And, They work their butts off.


And. It's such a selfless act. I mean I. Tell them day in And, day out. I mean. There's only so much You can ask of these young women to come in. And work hard going through what they're going through. I mean. I said it last night to them. There is no one else That can say in the nation in NCAA sports That. They're going through what we're going through, right? Now, And. It's like there's only so much mental strength That a woman can have every day to come in. And, suck it up. And just put a smile on their face. So If, it wasn't for them. I don't like I wouldn't be able to Keefe going the way I'm going every day, going to the gym. This is such bullshit. This is so wrong. This is so wrong. It's just like we've been We.


Talk about it all the time. In this show. And. The audience knows But. It's to hear a First Person account of what it's like. And, you're raising such good points. These these girls are going through it, right? Now are They. Are They also suffering? Oh 100%. I mean I'm just right. Now is hard. 'cause I think it's so hard to talk about because again, You don't know who You can trust talking about these things with And. So it's just me making Sure, That. I can still reach out to my teammates, especially those young girls. Imagine being an 18-year-old in college trying to figure out the new lifestyle of being away from your family. And getting homesick, And.


Then introducing Col. Collegiate sports in That, scenario And. Then college classes, And. Then adding this to That. So I'm just making Sure, That. I'm reaching out, being like, please come talk to me. If. You need help. Like let's go get coffee. Let's go get out of town. And, go do something. And. It would be insane. The amount That. Everyone is just like, I just need to get out. And. Just have a mental break. And. It's just so sad to see these young girls have to experience their freshman year of college, sophomore year of college having to go through this. Or first year at the school, And wanting to transfer And. Find somewhere happy.


And then have to go through this. So it's like me just trying to be strong for them. Exactly. So You did. You ever did well. You must have had an interaction with Blair after You joined the lawsuit. what? How did That go? I mean. I sat down with him. And. it just thought it was the respectful thing to do is still being a teammate. And it said, this is what I'm doing. I'm joining this lawsuit. Good for You. I. Feel like in every bone in my body, this is the right thing to do. I've prayed about it. I've thought about it. It wasn't something I just thought about overnight. And again, like what it kind of said to my coaches, I, don't think You need If.


This makes You mad. That's fine. But on the court. I still deserve your respect. And it. Don't expect anything to change on the court. And, vice versa. And. it said this isn't about us. This is about our team. And not having a terrible season because We need to do this for the team. And be selfless. Just in the way the team has been selfless for You And. Then after That conversation, Mature young woman, Keefe, Keefe going, yeah, what did he say After That? Basically he said, I. Need to think. I. Just need to think. This is a lot In. this is before any article came out. And. So after That left, And really haven't talked to him since.


Unless we're in the gym for volleyball. And. Then You just Keefe it about the sport. Or how do You manage That? Yeah, We really don't speak unless it's about a set or a play or something to do with what's going on in practice or a game. But. Meanwhile, other schools are rising up. And refusing to play your team, which is also an act of courage. And, moral certitude. I mean you've had I. Think four teams. Now say We would rather forfeit than play a team with a male on it. Is That the case?


That's a hundred percent true. And. it mean I. Commend them. I. Think it's a, it's so sad 'cause You read things. And see things And. It's like Yes. We're losing the chance to play in a game. But. it is like it is so much more than That. It is women finally feeling the courage to take a stand. And say, You know what? it don't agree with this. I'm done. I'm not playing against 'em. And it think that's what's so amazing about the whole thing is people are finally getting the courage to stand up. And say, no, this isn't right. No matter what their school is telling 'em, no matter what the uppers are telling 'em, they're saying, no, this isn't Okay And.


it think that's just an amazing thing in itself. Like Yes, we're losing the opportunity to play But for such a good reason. I mean so many people I've heard say it. I've said it. If. I was on their team. I'd do the same exact thing. I commend 'em for this. Yeah, But. It's heroic. It's downright heroic in today's day. And age because no one's been doing it. You know. We've had a couple of examples here. We had the shot putters. We've had a couple of runners. And, a couple of bikers. But for the most part, I'd say over 90% of women placed In this terrible position. Suck it up. Not because they're bad But because they're tough, they're athletes. They wanna play They.


They've been taught And. The whole culture of sports is suck it up. You know. You can handle anything. But. There's this other principle of morality, safety, fairness, In. this issue forces You to prioritize one over the other. It forces You, And sometimes You. Get to those impossible decisions in life. And, You must figure out the priorities in your moral compass. I have been there in other ways. So I appreciate the the difficulty of this And, no young woman should be placed In this position as You say. There are a lot of other things to be worrying about at this point.


Yeah, And it mean If. You. Really like I. Don't think people understand how courageous it is. That. These women are finally taking a stand. And saying, no They have worked their lives for these D one scholarships playing collegiate sports. So there's so much on the line. That potentially just happen for people deciding to take a stand. And speak out And. Yet four teams have decided not to play against us. And it. Just think That is so courageous of That entire team. Because honestly going through That whole process of not playing against us, They probably had no idea what just happen or what just come of That And. Yet They still did it. And it think that's what's amazing because again, that's why not a lot of people are speaking out.


So many people are told, just do your work. Put your head down, work hard. Do what you're told. And it. Think that's why there's And. And also That. There a backlash. And. It's a scary thing. Yeah, exactly Right. The the other fear is not just suck it up 'cause that's what We do. But also If. You. Speak out. You will be targeted. You'll be called a bigot. A trans phobe. Employers won't want You. I mean. That's what like Paula Scanlan who was on the UPenn team with Leah Thomas. That's what They were threatened with. They were told by UPenn, get therapy. If. You have an objection to it. You need therapy. And, you're not gonna be hireable by others. These are the allegations. At least That the university tried to guilt them.


And, That, They just naturally had a fear. Given the climate we're in That, They would be rendered unhirable. So how have You And other girls? You've talked to In, this reconciled That threat. That Possibility. I. Mean I. Think I know. It helped me a lot to be able to talk with everyone that's in the lawsuit. And, icons, And, all the people involved in That because they're the ones That really gave me the courage. That. I needed. Because again, I was just like everyone else. I was like Okay. Well, I only have three months of volleyball in my life. Left am I gonna lose my scholarship. I don't come from a family that's just gonna easily be like Okay, we'll just pay for your school. It's fine.


That was my biggest fear is just losing my scholarship. And. Once I feel like They bring to light. They can't do anything to You for speaking your story And. what? You are going through And. It is going against everything. That. Our entire team. And. Everyone else. That is getting gaslit. And pushed into thinking. You can't speak. You can't stand up. And say these things. That's wrong. That's not your thing to talk about. And. Once You finally sit down with some rationalized people. That actually know what they're talking about. And. They. Tell You. That's all lie there. That's all gaslighting. They just wanna be able to control You. And tell You what to say. And.


That's at the end of the day where I was like, Okay, I'm done. Like they're not going to be able to gaslight any me anymore. I wanna be able to be a person. That can have this knowledge to spread to my team. And be like You can speak. You can do these things. And. They're lying to You. And. So I think that's what gave me the courage is just actually having the knowledge of what can And can't happen for speaking out. And trying to stop this because genuinely They really can't do anything to You. And. it think I mean. I'm a great example of That. Legally, I've legally been speaking out. I've been trying to make this come to light for people. And They have They have done nothing. And. It goes against everything.


That. They were saying beforehand. You were elected as co-Captain Yes. All right, so the girls on your team elected You to lead And. That's exactly what you're doing. You're They saw something in You. That told them, You just be That person. That You had That strength inside of You. And, And. You're using it to change the lives, not just of these women. But of so many other women behind You of my daughter, who's only 13 of my listeners', daughters of the young women who listen to this program. That's exactly what you're doing. You're you're captain for us all in a way at the moment. But, it's come.


I know with some serious downsides. I understand. There was a game recently at which There was a heavy police presence. And, security presence. And. It was not to protect Blair, it was because You were getting serious death threats. And, there was a threat. That If. You played the game. You might not live to see the end of it. So tell us about That. Yeah, so obviously there's been so much love for me joining this lawsuit. But, like You said, there's That group of people That just wanna hate on it. And They want You to stop And the night before That game.


I've gotten a pretty serious threat to me physically. And. So They added so much security. They added bag checks, metal detectors, which for a volleyball game at this level, usually not in postseason. It's not a rivalry game. It wasn't supposed to be anything crazy. There's a few security guards, And like normal here, And there. But They packed in the security guards just for That night because I was starting to get these death threats. And threats against me physically harming me. And not just the hate of this person behind a commuter.


So I think for me, That was the first time it really sunk in That. Like I didn't feel safe. And it think that's what's really scary. And That was the first time That, something like That had happened. And it don't know, it just felt like I had like the first time reading the message. I just kind of had chills through my body. I was like, this doesn't feel Okay And. Especially being on a volleyball court. You're still out in the open. I'm like Yes. You can add security to around the court. But, when you're on That court, You really are very vulnerable. And. it also have five other girls on the court with me. And, our whole bench. That are out open. And vulnerable. So I think That was really scary for me is just knowing That like something That I decided to join.


just potentially hurt my teammates or me trying to just play the game. That, We love. This is so crazy. This is absolute madness. That. They're allowing this. Is there any hope? That, the university will do the right thing. Notwithstanding the lawsuit. No I mean there's If. I'm being completely transparent. I don't trust what they're doing here. I. Think from what I've heard, They fully support Blair being here, In this whole time We've seen it. I mean it goes to show. Blair is still here.


And it. They wanted to do something about it. They easily. just have a long time ago, And the fact That They brought a man here. And. It was hidden. It wasn't told to anyone. obviously They knew They were doing something wrong. And yet still decided to bring Blair here. And support having a man on this team. So at this rate, I don't see them doing anything to make a change for That. 'cause again, all They care about is taking care of Blair. And what Blair needs. And Yes. They ask us, how can We help You are You Okay But. The only right answer to That question is I would be perfectly fine.


If We weren't playing with a man. I would feel safe. If We weren't playing with a man. There's nothing wrong with me being sad, anxious, stressed about having to deal with this situation. And They Keefe asking us how They can fix this. But If, anyone stands up. And says, Oh just kick Blair off the team. They immediately say, that's not happening. So no I don't think there's gonna be any change from the school anytime soon or ever. With this whole situation, They They must be forced to comply with Title ix. And. It's it's protection of women as as it was I mean, right? Now. It's been challenged. The the changes That Joe Biden's tried to push through have been paused in because of all the lawsuits by so many states saying, this is unconstitutional.


You're You can't do this. I mean you're aware of how he's trying to redefine women. Hood And allow men into women's sports with the stroke of his pen. I. Assume since you're, you've got a Title IX lawsuit. That, you've joined. Do You have thoughts about presidential politics? And what? You wanna see I mean I. Don't genuinely think this whole situation has anything to do with politics. I think it has. The whole thing to do with N just should not be in women's sports. It should be completely separate. And, it has nothing to do with who is President And who's gonna get elected? Well, it does a little, it just has, 'cause you've got Ka Harris saying trans rights or human rights, period.


See, I think things just move along a lot faster. If a specific, someone was elected But. It's just so crazy to me. That, people can sit there And obviously see the difference. And still support it. That's what's I. That's just something That I can't understand because it's all these people That are giving, trying to say facts about this to support it. That just have no background information. And facts, And science to actually back it up. Or They do And. They just wanna signal That. They have virtue And. They're a good person. Unlike people who challenge it, who just don't understand how hard it is on the trans athlete without giving any consideration to what it's doing to the actual girls around him.


Can I just ask You Brooke, where? Where are You from? Like how? How did You get to be so strong? You must come from a pretty strong cool family. I'm from Dallas, north Dallas, Texas. Yeah, born And. Raised And And. So And, it will be, where Are You? Where do You fall in the birth order? I'm the youngest of two. So I have an older sister. Yeah. Good Okay. Well, your parents have done a lot, right? That's obvious. And hats off to You. And the whole family. I'm totally rooting for You I. Pray And hope That. You win this case for so many reasons, And, it really admire your courage. Good luck out there.


Thank You. Stay well. Wow. Great job Brooke. Thank You. Wow. Wow. what an extraordinary young woman. That's so gutsy. Please remember her story. When You hear these stories in the news That, there are real people. There are real young women who get affected by this stuff. It's not just outraged anchors like me going off about the stuff on a podcast. This is wrong. what we're doing, it's wrong. It's truly evil. And, it has to stop. Thank You guys for listening. See You tomorrow.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear


We Track so many things in our lives, trending podcasts, playlists, even your favorite artist's. Next album release. It's time for an easy way to track your glucose. Meet Stello, the powerful glucose biosensor available without a prescription. The tracks glucose 24 7 to reveal how food, exercise, And, even sleep, can affect your glucose. Helping You become a healthier You. Join the Personal Health revolution today at stello.com.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives. But, it's hard when they're struggling with drugs. And alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We, combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO N dot org. Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care. Now in network with most insurances. That's CARO N dot org.