
Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


Meta's Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few, because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits of ai dot Meta dot com slash open. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And today's Do It Live special episode where we look back at the absolutely incredible year that is coming to a close, and we do so through clips from the Times when we went live on YouTube and SiriusXM for major breaking news moments.


So many this past year, things got busy between the end of June and early November, 2024, less than four months where we flipped a switch and went live unexpectedly. That is seven different times the show airs live every day, of course, on SiriusXM Triumph Channel. But I'm talking about extra episodes due to breaking news. Some were planned, some definitely were not planned. And it began with that first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. That would be the beginning of the end for the incumbent president as the 2024 nominee. A couple weeks later, the shocking assassination attempt in Butler, Pennsylvania, which was less than an inch from a national tragedy. Then a week later, live again as Joe Biden dropped out and endorsed Kamala Harris on a Sunday afternoon.


We had the Trump v Harris debate a couple of months later, and the JD Vance versus Tim Wall's debate a few weeks after that. And then election night and the moment it became clear that Donald Trump would become the 47th president of the United States. So as we close out 2024, let's relive some of the highlights of this year with the times we spent together trying to make sense of the news in real time. Enjoy, and we will see you Monday with the next episode in our True Crime Christmas series.


For those of us who have been holding our breath for the past several months, we can finally exhale in the wake of this presidential election, right? Work can finally be done on the major issues that this country's facing, and one of the most significant is our national debt. Look, the fact is our nation's broke, and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled by anyone. So the strategy remains the same when it comes to your investments. You might wanna diversify your savings virtually all the experts say that's a good idea. This is why I wanna tell you about birch Gold. So many things are out of our control and out of our president's control that it really can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you if you would like to convert all or part of an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold, which is like a hedging of the bets. And the best news is it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. You just text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8, and you get your free info kit. And plus, right now you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased Silver Eagle Coin, protect your savings with Birch Gold text MK 2 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


In my view, it is over for Joe Biden. His presidential campaign came to an end tonight, whether he knows it or not, there will be meetings tonight, first thing tomorrow amidst Democratic Party leaders about how to get him off the ticket, how to change in somebody else. There have to be already, we're seeing some reaction come in from top Democrats who rarely criticize the President, suggesting he needs to have a serious look at this performance tonight and assess for himself whether he can go forward. It, that number will mount. There will be more and more. It was an unmitigated disaster.


It was uncomfortable to watch. I sat with my family and friends and for the first 25 minutes of the debate, we kept grabbing each other's arms. It, it was so jarring. He was so distant, so frail, so hard to comprehend, so unsteady. You honestly didn't know whether he was going to make it through the answer, nevermind through the debate, much less through a second term. The contrast between Joe Biden and Donald Trump has never been more stark. Trump came out, calm, cool, collected in his own.


He looked comfortable. I, Donald Trump Jr. Tweeted out, I think actually the CNN format helped my dad. It helped him stay composed and presidential. I think he's right. The inability for him to interrupt Biden did wind up helping Trump, and he maintained his dignity for the most part. He was in control and strong for the entire time, unlike his opponent. I've never seen anything like that. I've never seen a politician at any level perform like Joe Biden performed tonight. And not only do I have questions about whether he will be his party's nominee, I have questions about whether he could possibly serve out his term.


He's the president of the United States right now, that man who couldn't spit out numbers or say trillion or billion correctly and lied at every answer Because he seemed confused. How is that our leader? How are the Democrats going to nominate that man? And shame on you, Jill Biden, Jill Biden, for allowing that I, I want answers from all these top Democrats who've been telling us how robust he is behind the scenes. That that's who I wanna hear from most. You lied. Did you not think this moment was gonna come? That we'd never see this? Why did you agree to put him out on the debate stage when you knew what the truth was and that we would eventually find it out for ourselves?


It's a dark day for this country. He's our leader. No one wants to see him embarrassed, but we're embarrassed ourselves tonight. That's our president. And he could very well win a second term if the Democrats continue their law fair. If the media doesn't do its job, if the Democrats don't do the responsible thing here, wanna get to Rich and Emily with their thoughts? Guys, thank you for joining me. Rich. What'd you think? I don't think it was a great debate. You know, it was painful to watch by the end, the argument over who, whose golf game is better and who has better, better handicap. And if the mics hadn't been cut, it probably would've descended into what the, the first debate in 2020 was like.


So I agree with you that that helped Trump, but Biden was terrible. Like Nightmarishly bad. You know, we, we both had a lot of experience with Roger Ailes, who was a TV genius if, if nothing else, and who always said, You know, watch it with, with the sound down. And as soon as Trump wa sorry, Biden walked out before he said anything, you're like, oh my gosh, this guy's president of the United States. It looked like he was gonna barely make it to the podium. He had this blank and confused look on all the split screens when he wasn't saying anything. And then when he talked, his voice was incredibly frail and weak. They're saying, apparently getting out that he had a cold, I dunno, maybe he did have a cold, but if he did, he should have said immediately, oh, excuse my voice. I have a cold.


And then there was the, the incoherence, You know, not every answer, but a lot of the answers just, they, they started okay. And then they faded into something that just a, a jumble, You know, the, the beat Medicare, we finally beat Medicare answer towards the beginning was maybe the foremost example of this. So it was a debacle for Joe Biden. I think Trump was, You know, about half the debate was, was very good. I I think he got overheated at, at moments and drawn into things he probably shouldn't have. But he had the, the better night by default, if nothing else. I mean, I didn't think there was any question, like anybody who says Joe Biden won that debate is a dishonest person that you shouldn't be listening to. I do wanna play that soundbite before I go to you, Emily, that rich just referenced.


I mean there we have multiple queued up showing Biden's utter confusion. He did not have the facts. He was confused over very basic facts. And it was repeated. Take a listen to this. So three, We have a thousand trillionaires in America. I mean, billionaires in America and what's happening. They're in a situation where they in fact pay 8.2% in taxes. If they just paid 24% or 25%, either one of those numbers, they've raised $500 million, billion dollars, I should say in a 10 year period, we'd be able to right, wipe out his debt. We'd be able to help make sure that all those things we need to do, childcare, elder care, making sure that we continue to strengthen our healthcare system, making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the covid, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with, look, if we finally beat Medicare.


Thank you President Biden. President Trump. Oh my God. That's it. That's it, Emily. I mean, I just, IIII have, I'm looking at my own notes as we, as this unfolded and here's how they read. So rehearsed. So old phlegm needs subtitles. What is he saying? So fast rehearsed can barely understand he's done that. And so frail is my other, what what was he saying? He beat Medicare. The trillions, the trillionaires, what he's done with Covid. I, he was all over the map.


And that was fairly early in the debate. So the vast majority of of everybody who will consume the debate consumed that moment. So people saw that happen live. There's nothing, there's no spin in the world. There's no Joe Biden had a cold that can in any way whatsoever change people's opinion of what they saw happen in front of them on that. And You know, you said when you were in your opening, it sort of gave me chills. It's like a dark day in America. That is exactly how I feel, is it's a very sad day to be an American because that is the president of the United States. The first Lady is responsible for putting him in this position. There's no question about that in my mind. The people close to him are responsible for putting him in this position. And on top of that, we're seeing reactions roll in The New York Times during the debate, published a story saying that sources were telling one of their columnists, three democratic sources, telling their columnists that they were just stunned and shocked.


We saw Casey Hunt say something similar over at M-S-N-B-C. And I'm curious, are they pretending to be surprised? Because people close to Joe Biden, who have spent time with Joe Biden have got to have known. I mean, we saw him do a press conference not that long ago where he was telling everybody, You know, Robert Hur was wrong and he was losing track of his sentences there. But here we are. Fast forward to the debate. In addition to that Medicare answer, his answer on abortion became an answer on immigration. Yeah, it was, it was impossible to follow. He he had no train of thought to follow. It was a, it was a disaster. I've really never seen anything like it. That was a critical moment. It was terrible. It was another moment where we were all grabbing each other in my house.


Like what just happened? The question was about abortion. And he brought Laken Riley into it without naming her. Yeah. This nursing student in Georgia who was murdered by an illegal, here is the moment sought for. I am a person that believes, and frankly, I think it's important to believe in the exceptions. Some people, you have to follow your heart. Some people don't believe in that. But I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I think it's very important. Some people don't follow your heart, but you have to get elected also. And because that has to do with other things. It's been a terrible thing what you've done. The idea that states are able to do this is a little like saying we're gonna turn civil rights back to the states.


Let each state have a different rule. Look, there's so many young women who have been including a young woman who just was murdered and he, he went to the funeral, the idea that she was murdered by a by by an immigrant coming in to, they talk about that. But here's the deal. There's a lot of young women are being raped by their, by their in-laws, by their by, by their spouses, brothers and sisters by, oh, just, it's just ridiculous. Oh my God, guys. Bizarre. I mean, the only word for it is bizarre, right? I mean, what, what is, sometimes he's mumbling and confused, sad. Kind of know what he's Getting at Depressing Medical.


That's a good word. But this, I mean, but this is hard beyond Unrecoverable unrecoverable. He, he, he cannot go on that. This is, that's it. That those were the moments. I don't care. He did improve slightly towards the ends of the, of the 90 minutes. It's irrelevant. He, it remember at the time we saw him confuse two critical pieces of his legislation. I don't remember the two that he got confused, but he was in the midst of trying to make a point about one, and he meandered over and started talking about the other. And we were all like, what did he just do? He juxtaposed the legislation and trying to make his point. It wasn't a one-off. He can't keep the facts straight in his own head about something as simple as abortion versus illegal immigration.


He had his rehearsed lines. He spent, and like a robot, Emily, he got a gl, a glitch that wasn't fixable without the handlers. And he spent the last week yes. Not being president of the United States, but in Camp David, at Camp David doing debate prep and You know, okay, not being the president of the United States. He was obviously doing both. But it's highly unusual to take an entire week while you're president of the United States. Go to Camp David and prep. What's even more unusual, obviously, is then to come out looking like there was no prep in the world that could have prepared you to answer a basic question. My word association with that clip is medical. This is medical for all of the conversation about Donald Trump and the 25th Amendment during his presidency.


I mean, that has to be seriously on the table as the American people figure out what is going on with the man who is making nuclear, nuclear decisions. There are two hot wars right now. One in Ukraine, one in the Middle East, and this is the man with the power over our military that is the commander in chief. It's beyond a presidential election. I think what everybody just saw, those clips are going to be so viral. Forget how many people actually have been watched this live. I think the number was pretty high. But Biden's moments there, there's just, they will be viral. They will live in infamy. They will never, ever, ever escape him. His entire reputation will be tethered to this for the rest of his life. I I agree with every word you just said, rich.


I feel like we're in danger tonight. We're the country's now in danger. Yeah. Yeah. But the, this isn't really news. It just has brought it home more starkly and it kind of makes you think, what were they thinking? Right? They didn't need to agree to debates. It would've been embarrassing. That's right. The, the Trump camp would've said, look, he's running scared he can't do it. But it'd be better to have people saying, you can't do it, rather than going out and demonstrating you can't do it. And You know, nine o'clock at night for this man now it's like one in the morning. Right. And Emily's point is exactly right. This is after a week of preparation. This isn't like president of the United States that we've traditionally seen that doesn't do well in the first debate because they're not prepared, You know, and they're not ready for it. And they, they take it too casually, right?


No, this is a guy who, who who's, who's been doing nothing else, You know? And, and probably all day today he was sleeping with cucumber slices over his eyes. And this is the best they could, they could get out of him. And, You know, the, these moments, because they're, they're weird, You know, maybe they're, they're a little funny, probably more sad As you put it, but they're weird, You know? So, so they'll be played over and over again and they will be the main impression out of the debate. No doubt. We've never seen anything like it. Rick Perry lost his presidential race. He was trying to become the Republican nominee Because he said there are three agencies we should eliminate. And he couldn't remember one that was enough to eliminate him as a candidate for president.


This president can't understand the difference between abortion and illegal immigration. What does it even mean? He did beat Medicare? That those are just some examples. We have many more of what's leading to the panic at this moment within the Democratic party for, forget the country, we should all be panicked. But the Democratic party is at I think, a 10 right now. This from, I mentioned it in ref, in passing, Nick Christophe of the New York Times. I wish Biden would reflect, reflect on this debate performance, and then announce his decision to withdraw from this race, throwing the choice of Democratic nominee to the convention.


Someone like Gretchen Whitmer or Sherrod Brown or Secretary Raimondo could still jump in and beat Trump. And then there's Joy Reed over at M-S-N-B-C. Watch this. I too was on the phone throughout much of the debate with Obama World people with Democrats, with people who were political operatives with campaign operatives. My phone really never stopped buzzing throughout. And the universal reaction was somewhere approaching panic. Hmm. The people who were texting with me were very concerned about President Biden seeming extremely feeble, seeming extremely weak.


Yeah, that sounds honest for once from her, Emily. Yeah, it does. And it, but Rich made a really good point just now that it's not necessarily new. And there were people who were reporting on this at different publications when they were allowed to, who were getting absolutely hammered for trying to tell the American people that they were concerns in private about this. So it's hard for me to listen to Joy Reed say that on air right now because I just don't believe, I do not believe that if she's on the phone with Obama World during this debate, those same people were not telling her it's been bad All along. They're not able to get away with the lie anymore.


And it's really sickening. It's, I don't think Biden actually even has, after watching that, I don't think he has the mental capacity to make the decision that Nicola Nicholas Kristoph is asking him to make. Nicholas Kristoph is asking him to reflect on the debate and make a decision. Joe Biden didn't seem to know where he was at certain moments, so that debate, he cannot competently make that decision


This holiday season. Millions of families across America will rely on credit card rewards to visit their loved ones. But according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition DC politicians are trying to pass a bill that would lead to the end of credit card rewards. What they say the Durban Marshall credit card bill would mandate credit cards run on alternative networks, not the trusted and stable networks you probably use today. And they say there's no guarantee that the convenience, zero liability, fraud, protection, and rewards programs, You know and love will remain The Electronics Payment Payments Coalition says Corporate mega stores will make more money while you sacrifice your payment, convenience, rewards, and peace of mind. Find out more@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card and to oppose the Durban Marshall credit card bill. Learn more for yourselves@guardyourcard.com.


Meta's Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


There is breaking news out of Pennsylvania Butler, Pennsylvania to be specific this evening where former president Donald Trump appears to have been the victim of an attempted assassination. He was grazed by a bullet according to local authorities, the Butler County District Attorney Richard Goldener, telling the Washington Post that Trump was grazed by gunfire but is safe. We are receiving similar messages from the Secret Service that Trump is safe and that he's been removed from the scene, but he was bloodied and he was grazed by gunfire. The latest reporting outta the Washington Post, again, citing the local district attorney from Butler County, is that an audience member was killed and the shooter is dead as well.


Another person said to be in serious condition. According to this prosecutor, again, this is from the prosecutor to the Washington Post. To reiterate, Trump grazed by gunfire, an audience member was killed. The shooter is also dead killed. We understand by either ser secret service or by local law enforcement who we believe unleashed fire once the President had the former president, had been grazed another person in serious condition at this hour. And that Donald Trump is receiving medical care at this hour. And I'm sure it will be very thorough, even though he looks like he's all right, they need to make absolutely sure that that's the case.


We're going to play the video for you now as we have it. You will hear two shots at the top, and we believe that that is the shooter We believe at this hour, that what comes after is return gunfire by law enforcement. And in an incredible scene, you'll see President Trump get back to his feet, fist up in the f in the air appearing to say the words fight and the crowd breaks out in chance. Watch You see something that said, take a look at what happened.


We doing Move the spear. Hold, hold when you're ready on you. Ready? Move up, move go up guys. Here we ready? Are we down? Shooters down are good to move.


Lemme get my, lemme get my shoes, sir. I got you sir. Lemme get my shoes. Hold that in your head. So we gotta shoes, Okay. Out. Wait, wait, wait.


And there they exit with a former president into what appeared to be an SUV. Though we don't see that final moment, an absolute showing of resilience and strength by Donald Trump, who under the absolute worst of circumstances, managed to stop the Secret Service as they were escorting him out of a dangerous scene, saying to them first, where are my shoes? And then saying, wait, putting his right fist in the air with blood covering his face, because it's very clear he was hit again, the word they're using is grazed along the ear, the right ear, blood on his face, pumping his fist in the air. And it seemed clear to me, he mouthed the word fight, fight repeatedly.


And the crowd broke out into chance of USA for the listening audience. Now, the, the American flag being waved in the air above that fist, this is a closeup of the grazing along the upper part of his outer right ear. And you could hear the p the former president speaking, he sounded lucid. And okay, You know the comment, where's my shoes? You know, he wanted his shoes. Makes you wonder whether he was confused about what exactly had just happened to him as opposed to just getting the heck outta there as someone was clearly trying to take the president's life. We kick off our special coverage right now with Rich Lowry of National Review, editor of National Review.


Rich, it's a shocking moment in American history in the context of this race and in the context of the messaging, almost universal, unless you're a fan of Donald Trump's or, or a fair cover of him, like, like you are about the, the messaging around him, the rhetoric around him. I'm not blaming this on rhetoric, but we would be derelict if we did not mention how it has been dialed up. And in particular, it has been dialed up as I think the left feels this election starting to slip away. That's not to say that caused this, we don't know who pre who pulled the trigger. It's just, there's been an atmosphere around this guy that has been dialed to an 11 for far too long.


And many of us believed it was only a matter of time before someone acted on it. Stunning pictures here. This one is of President Trump on the ground bloody with his hand nearby his face trying to recover from what could have been an assassination. Your thoughts on what we're witnessing today? I, I wanna weep from my country. It's just, it's horrible. It's, it's, there are no words for how terrible this is. And then how terrible, more terrible it could have been. I mean, we were centimeter, how far away from President Trump's head been blown off at a rally on live television?


And these are moments, Megan, the reason why, You know, assassinations fascinate people, one of the reasons history teleco telescopes down to inches and seconds, right? If, if JFK's driver had sped up rather than slow down to see what was happening after the, the first one or two shots, JFK would've survived that assassination attempt. If the Archduke Ferdinand one, they threw a bomb at him, which didn't work if he just said we're, we're not doing anything else. But he had kind of a Trump-like spirit. He is like, we're going through this whole ceremony and in Saraje, I don't care. And when he was heading back, actually, we're gonna go to the hospital to see the people heard from the bomb. If the car had not turned, made a wrong turn down a narrow street that it couldn't get out of that it happened to be that Gabrielle Princip, one of the assassination team was just standing there not knowing what to do, was standing right there.


At that moment, he would've lived and all of history would've been different. That was the most consequential assassination in world history. But that, that, that moment of Trump pumping his fist shows what a sense of the moment, right? We get in fender benders where, where your head head, You know, goes back a little bit and you're, you're kind of shocked. You don't know what happened to your, You know, it takes a little while to get your senses to know that what that moment called for was strength and reassuring his supporters when you're right, how does he know the Secret Service thing? The threat's been neutralized. That's why they're picking him up and saying, how does he know? Right? He, he's just been inches from being killed. How does he know that that is an image that will live throughout American political history?


Rich, I I don't know about you, but I feel infuriated right now. I am angry over what is has been done to this man. You and I sat together in 2015 and National Review said not, not Trump, not this guy. Here we are all these years later. I see him so differently. Yes, he's got character flow, of course, but this is, this is the embodiment of strength in the face of an unbelievable onslaught, emotional, financial free with when it comes to his freedom.


And now his life, literally with a bullet having shot him in the head, his fist is in the air and he's telling the crowd, and all of us fight, fight for your country, fight for what we're all in this for. Don't let them shoot you down. Don't let them shoot down your ideals. Don't let them ruin the country. I I've never seen anything like this. Yeah. So high politics is about, You know, it's about policy and ideas, but a lot of it's about emotion. And, and this is a guy, You know, one reason we couldn't stop him when he, when we tried in the primaries in 2016, is he, he understood a crowd.


He understood the moment he, he he got feeling and could play off of it. And this is just the, the, the very pinnacle of this. That that was just an epic reaction. And again, it will never be forgotten. And what you opened with on the rhetoric, who knows who the shooter was and, but, but if you literally think he's Hitler, that's what they're telling us, right? The president of the United States incumbent is telling us that, and maybe in not so many words, what's the proper reaction? Just voting against them and hoping th things turn out right if you take it seriously. I think we've learned a lot of Democrats actually don't take it seriously, but unfortunately a lot of people do. If you take it seriously, what do you do? If it's existential for American democracy, for our system of government, our way of life, what do you do?


Maybe you do whoever that, that apparent shooter on the rooftop, maybe you do what he did There is video. I don't know if we have it or can show it of a shooter. Forgive me, we don't know that this is the shooter of what appears to be a man lying on a rooftop nearby. And the reports online are that that's the shooter and he's dead. He's motionless and he's lying down. We're gonna, we, I've spoken with somebody who was at the rally and we're going to have him call in talking about the security, but it was tight as it would be for any secret service event with a former president, nevermind the leading contender for the GOP nomination, which of course takes place next week as a formal matter.


And so this person, in order to have a gun rich, You know, anywhere near shooting range of this president. Yeah, I mean, it does make you wonder how he did it. Whether he had help, how on earth anybody was within shooting range of the this man Donald Trump from a rooftop. All of that is gonna be investigated, but you've gotta say kudos to local law enforcement or the Secret service, whoever took this guy out because it all happened in seconds. Yeah. So the, You know, all the professionals say, and, and it just seems as though just watching as an amateur, their reaction to this was pitch perfect. I mean, they, they immediately go on Trump. They're protecting him with his, their bodies, which inherently moving act, putting themselves on, on the line.


But, but there are gonna be questions that, You know, according to Twitter, who, who knows things, things are gonna change. We're gonna Learn more, You know, a as as we speak, You know, just during, during this segment probably we're, we're learning more, but how is the, there, there are indications that people are pointing to this guy on the rooftop and he got the shots off before the secret survey got him. Maybe it was un unavoidable, who knows? But there're gonna be a lot of questions. So it looks like the reaction was the secret service success. But I think there'd be questions about how this guy was able to get within range. And initially it seemed like there's some speculation. Maybe it's a BB 'cause it's a, You know, when you get shot in your ear, you just, it's not just a little blood, right? It's a horrible event.


And it seems as though no one else was hurt. But now of course we got in the reports of other people in the crowd tragically hurt. We've seen that video of the, the Trump supporter who was there and his emergency room doctor, I believe was trying to save someone with a grievous head wound and, and didn't. So, so this was a, a furious, a fascination attempt. And if, if anyone comes this close to, to being killed that's under secret service protections, there're gonna be a lot of critical questions afterwards.


Did You know that homeowners in America, nationwide, they have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it with a growing scam. The FBI calls house, stealing, house alarms, doorbell cameras, deadbolts will not work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. If your title's not being monitored, scammers can transfer the title of your home into their name and then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from home title lock. Triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring. And God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your title? Likely never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim. You can get a free title, history report and a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to home title lock.com and using the promo code Megan, or click on the link in the description, that's home title lock.com, promo code megan home title lock.com.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


President Joe Biden officially dropping out of the 2024 race for the White House this afternoon, ending his bid for reelection after a disastrous debate performance against Donald Trump. One that revealed his infirmity yes. Mental, also physical, something he, his team and a compliant dishonest media have been denying and telling us not to believe for years now. Okay, that's how we got to this point. He lied. So did his vice president, so did his staff and a compliant complicit Lapdog Media ran to help them in this coverup.


Only when we saw it with our own eyes, what a mess. He was that night of the debate. Did their game plan fall apart? And American citizens from coast to coast said, I can't vote for that. That man can't be president. Those of you who may have been focused on other things like the attempted assassination of our former president, Donald Trump may have memory hold a bit. What happened during that debate about a month ago? It was moments like these when President Biden could not follow his own train of thought. The man remains the commander in chief right now.


He's not stepping down as president. He is infirm enough that he admits he can't do a second term, but he will hold onto the reins of power for some half a year. Still moments like this one where he could not follow his own train of thought that raised a five alarm fire for all Normies coast to coast. All those things we need to do. Childcare, elder care, making sure that we continue to strengthen our healthcare system, making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the covid, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with, look, if we finally beat Medicare, Thank you President Biden.


President Trump. Well, he is right. He did beat And then there was probably the most eye popping Moments. He's destroying Medicare. When President Biden, all of these people turned a conversation about abortion into one about Lake and Riley, a nursing student who was murdered down in Georgia. A debate about illegal immigration, which has nothing to do whatsoever with abortion. I am a person that believes, and frankly, I think it's important to believe in the exception. Some people, you have to follow your heart. Some people don't believe in that, but I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I think it's very important. Some people don't follow your heart, but you have to get elected also.


And because that has to do with other things, It's been a terrible thing what you've done. The idea that states are able to do this is a little like saying we're gonna turn civil rights back to the states. Let each state have a different rule. Look, there's so many young women who have been including a young woman who just was murdered and he, he went to the funeral and the idea that she was murdered by a by by an immigrant coming in to, they talk about that. But here's the deal. There's a lot of young women are being raped by their, by their in-laws, by their by, by their spouses, brothers and sisters. By just, it's, it's just ridiculous. Hmm.


What a nightmare. Just seeing it again, it was alarming. It was repeated. You can remember the moment in which he incredibly claimed that zero US service members died during his, his administration, Military, You know, when he was president there were still killing people in Afghanistan. He didn't do anything about that when he was president. We were still found ourselves in a position where you had a notion that we were this safe country. The truth is, I'm the only president this century that doesn't have any this, this decade had not any troops dying anywhere in the world like he did. I was getting out of Afghanistan, but we were getting out with dignity, with strength, with power.


He got out. It was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country's life. It was a debacle and not as the left would put it thereafter, Because he wasn't able to make his great points against Donald Trump. Because what we saw was that our sitting president and commander in chief, the man with the nuclear football is non-comp Menis. He should be 25th Amendment right out of office. But they wouldn't go that far. They understood what that would mean and probably we're calculating that. It would also mean the immediate elevation of Kamala Harris to the presidency, which was not popular amongst Democrats because they don't much like her. It's not just Republicans.


After that debate that night, I came on this show in a special live broadcast and told you point blank, his race for the White House, whether he knew it or not, was over, in my view, it is over for Joe Biden. His presidential campaign came to an end tonight, whether he knows it or not, there will be meetings tonight, first thing tomorrow amidst Democratic party leaders about how to get him off the ticket, how to change in somebody else. There have to be already, we're seeing some reaction come in from top Democrats who rarely criticize the President, suggesting he needs to have a serious look at this performance tonight and assess for himself whether he can go forward.


It, that number will mount. There will be more and more. It was an unmitigated disaster. And indeed, here we are about a month later, and he's done exactly that. Withdrawn not from the presidency, but from his candidacy for a second term. Joining me now, mark Halperin, founder of the Wide World of News, Substack, longtime political journalist and the man who's been breaking a lot of this about President Biden's plans this weekend to step down with considerable pushback and mocking even from the White House spokespeople saying he was dead wrong. And yet Mark what you reported late last week would happen today, Sunday is almost exactly what happened with the exception of, I don't know, he did endorse Kamala in his letter saying he's stepping down, I think not in the letter, but in a tweet that followed it up.


And so it seems like he's getting behind Kamala though. Are we? Sure? Well, I think that his, I, I'm pretty sure his intention was not to endorse her and some people closed door didn't want an endorsement. They wanna separate themselves from the Biden Harris agenda. Don't wanna be seen as a tool of kind of the establishment. Wait, stand by Mark. Hold, standby, standby. 'cause you're really echoing or is he echoing just for me As you he echoing the broadcast, you guys, it's just for me. All right, so keep going, mark. Nevermind. It's just me. I can deal with it. I just don't want my audience to have to. Okay, Sure. So I believe what happened was after I reported he wasn't going to endorse that he was besieged with calls and his team was besieged with calls with folks to say, if you get at, you must endorse your vice president.


You've said she's the most qualified person to be the president. You have to endorse her. So I think I was right at the time what his intentions were, but it changed because of the pressure that he got in in the interim. A lot's happened behind the scenes since my initial reporting. But the basic thrust of it is, I think this will be a, what I call a contested convention that's not contested. I've talked to people close to all the other people who are named as potential candidates, and I don't at this point foresee anyone challenging her. Although again, the, the desire in her camp is to make this seem as open a process as possible. The delegates will be the one who pick, and their Biden Harris delegates, they're aligned with her personally and ideologically.


So I suspect even if challenge, she'll be the nominee, and I don't right now see any major challenge to her. How did this come about? Because for weeks now, all we've heard from the White House is he's not going anywhere. Only if God Almighty comes down and tells him to drop out, will he go? He, he teetered a little bit on it this past week saying, well, if there were, if there were a medical condition and then there was the announcement of Covid, but what, what did it mark? Well, I'm still reporting that out. I, I think the money was a big issue. I think Nancy Pelosi made it clear there'd be no money for this campaign and you can't run a presidential campaign with no money. You can run with less than the other side, but not with no money. That was part of it. And part of data, although campaign downplay how badly his position had deteriorated, it had deteriorated in their own polling quite a bit, I'm told.


And then the Democrats, he was gonna potentially drag down an electoral college wipe out. And remember, it's important to remember Megan, as I know, You know, before the debate, he had one path to 270 electoral votes. It was exactly two 70 and it involved no margin of error winning Min Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Nebraska's Omaha congressional district. And no one's ever won the White House with one path to two 70. So he had a weak, weak position, which deteriorated dramatically. And the Democrats who, who were telling 'em to get out, were looking at an electoral college landslide and with implications for down ballot, everyone can talk at length about the risks of this change, about the electoral questions about Kamala, but the alternative was doom.


They'll take chaos and risk over doom. You tweeted out earlier today as follows, as he was digging in his heels publicly, if an angry and defiant Joe Biden tries to hold on by running out the clock, speaker Pelosi will have to raise the pain quotient to unimaginable levels. Veteran Pelosi watchers believe that is what she will do, starting as early as today. What was behind that? Well, I don't know exactly what happened. I'm, I'm, I hope to be able to report it out and see exactly what was communicated. But as we saw on Friday, there were many more Democrats who came out, but still a tiny percentage of Democrats who thought Joe Biden should step aside, had publicly said that.


And you started to see, for instance, in the op-ed piece in the Boston Globe by Congressman Moulton, who's very close to Joe Biden to talking about the loss of mental acuity. You started to see what I think would've been a campaign to turn up the pressure on the President to make it so painful for him to stay that he would've no choice but to turn. And I think Nancy Pelosi and others masterfully orchestrated this to turn up the pain just enough as a preview of coming attractions to say to Joe Biden, you're do it your way. Or we can do it the hard way. And he didn't want to go through it the hard way. Particularly when his donors, much of his staff, many of his congressional allies already made it clear to him, directly or indirectly, you should not go forward because you cannot win and you'll bring down the Democratic party.


The Megan Kelly show is supported by Grand Canyon University, founded in 1949. GCU is a private Christian university that's dedicated to delivering an affordable and transformative higher education. Their vibrant campus is located in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. And according to niche.com, ranked a top 25 best campus in the USA. As of June, 2023, GCU offers 330 academic programs with over 270 of them online, allowing you the freedom to earn your degree on your time from wherever you are at GCU, your degree, whether it's a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate, integrates the free market system and a welcoming Christian worldview. Learn more about G C's programs, competitive tuition rates and scholarship offers from your university counselor. They're part of the supportive graduation team that takes a personalized approach to helping you achieve your academic goals. Walking alongside you every step of the way. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. For more info or to enroll, visit gcu.edu.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


Well, I watched it. Did you watch it? I'm disgusted. I'm disgusted. I'm ashamed of those moderators at a BC News. They did exactly what their bosses wanted them to do. The person who runs a BC News is a close personal friend of Kamala Harris that is responsible for Kamala Harris and her husband meeting. And they did Dana Walden's bidding tonight. It was three against one on that debate stage this evening. Hi everyone, I'm Megan Kelly, a special program tonight for you reacting to the debate.


It was three against one. It's very easy to look like You know what you're doing when both moderators are entirely on your side. Trump did the best he could under the circumstances, but it really was like three fighters in the ring pummeling, one opponent, and Trump tried to take them all on. He did fine. He did as best as he could. He was thrown a few times to the point where he was unnecessarily defensive and he was getting angry. And so was I. Were you, this was a mistake to trust a, b, c news with this debate.


The Republicans must learn from this mistake the same way. The Democrats never, never agree to do anything with moderators. They don't entirely trust. This should be the last time the Republicans ever do this because those two moderators try to sink Donald Trump tonight. The numerous fact checks on what he said and none on what she said. None. I don't remember a single fact check of anything she said. And she lied repeatedly.


She just got away with it. And in the moderator's eyes, that was Donald Trump's job to fact check her. That's correct. Except you didn't employ that same tactic when it came to Trump and you accused him of lying even when it was your opinion that he lied when Trump tried to say that his comment that he lost 2020 by a whisker was him being sarcastic. David Muir actually injected saying, I didn't hear sarcasm. Who gives a shit what you heard? Who died? And let left you political analyst in chief. You are supposed to be the objective news anchor of World News tonight.


That's a comment you make to your significant other, David. Not on the debates. I it didn't sound like that to me. Shut up. That is inappropriate. It's not for you to make that call. Leave it up to Kamala Harris. Leave it up to people like me who will play the soundbite and let the audience decide. But you were outta line and they did it to him over and over and over again. And the worst, the worst piece of all of this is the obvious tactic by a b, c news, which was as follows. Mr. Trump, you said something incredibly controversial and terrible. Let me remind you of what it was.


Do you have any regrets or thoughts on how terrible you were? Trump answers Vice President Harris. How bad is Trump? And then she'd answer. It happened over and over again. That was the format. Mr. Trump, you're a piece of shit. Kamala Harris. Isn't he a shit? Thank you. It it was incredible. And then anything Trump said, fact check, fact check, fact check. And their fact checks were full of shit. I'm, I'm swearing even more than normal right now because I am mad, I'm angry. I'm angry at them at a b, c at my industry that I want nothing to do with. And I, I'm, I've never been happier to be outside and be able to say how I truly feel.


And yes, even with some colorful words, because that's what the situation calls for. They're trying to steal this election. They're openly working to sink him. I don't, I think it was so bad their, their bias against him and toward her that it's going to backfire. I actually think the American public is gonna see through this and there's probably going to be some empathy for Trump. No fair-minded person could think anything other than that. They were in the tank for him and it was three against one on that stage tonight. Joining me to discuss it. Emily Jasinski DC correspondent for Unheard and Rich Lowry, editor-in-chief of National Review.


Did You know there's nearly $1 trillion of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent? That's right. There's a massive amount of money that the lame duck administration is pushing hard to spend in their last few months in office. If the president's able to push these funds out, we could see another prolonged inflation surge just like during Covid. But there is hope a gold IRA from Birch Gold Group can be an inflation hedge for your savings in these uncertain times. To see how to protect your IRA or 401k, get your free info kit on gold by texting the word MK 2 9 8 9 8 9 8 birch gold makes it seamless to roll over your retirement account while preserving your tax advantaged status. Don't wait for the president's spending spree to potentially tank the dollar further protect your financial future. Right now, text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold.


I've never seen anything like it, rich. I've never seen anything quite so biased at the presidential debate level. Well, continues a theme of this race, right? They've been completely in the tank for Kamala Harris and the moderators on the debate stage were completely in the tank for Kamala Harris. And you, you just, you knew where the night was going when we got the first fact check when Trump was talking about abortion and was talking about he misspoke in this instance. He got it right later when he said the West Virginia governor, the former, he meant the former Virginia governor had talked about That's right. He have abortions a after birth. Right. And he, he didn't say in any state has abortions after birth. He just said the governor had said this, which is a correct statement. And then he is fact checked by saying, oh, Mr. Trump, there's, there's no state in America that has abortion after nine months.


Actually, there are a few instances in Minnesota who's correct about that as well. But this is the point. The fact check was incorrect. Right? And this is why debate moderators shouldn't fact check. You know, the CNN moderators did not fact check because what you think the fact is, and that moment maybe subjective, he may be wrong, You know, tilting the playing field and certainly to fact check one candidate and never fact check the other. She, she did the Charlottesville lie. That the both, both sides are fine. People lie, no fact check. She did the blood bath lie. He clearly didn't mean that, You know, that the country is gonna be, they're gonna be a riots to the street if he's not elected. It was, it was an economic statement. No fact check. So the moderators were disgraced. It's one of the reasons Trump seemed on defensive a lot of the night.


One was he took a lot of bait from, from Kamala Harris that he didn't need to. He, the other was the, the horrendous moderation Agree. He took bait. He shouldn't have taken, he was defending himself on the pandemic. He he was on his heels instead of going on offense and pivoting off of the bad point for him onto something that was more offensive. That was a tactical error by him. But I do wanna just spend a minute on this fact check you just mentioned. Here it is. Here's the moment we're referring to where Lindsey Davis helpfully fact check Trump on this abortion claim. They have abortion in the ninth month. They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, not the current governor's doing an excellent job, but the governor before he said, the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby.


In other words, we'll execute the baby. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born. Okay? That's not true. And maybe she can use the word kill. It's, it's not like somebody's sticking a knife in the dead baby in the, in the alive baby as it's dying, Emily. But you and I both know that in places like Minnesota and elsewhere, if you are trying to abort a baby in the ninth month or otherwise, and it's born instead of dying in the mother's womb, they will let that baby sit on the table and die. And Trump's claim, though Rich is right, he said at first West Virginia, later he corrected himself to Virginia.


Their former governor, Ralph Northam said this on camera, admitted to this, here is the soundbite, Boy, if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated if, if that's what the mother and the family desired. And then a discussion would ensue between the physicians and the mother. So I'll give you one other. Roger Severino, he's with the Heritage Foundation, tweeting out the following Harris. And as it turns out, Lindsey Davis is dead wrong. Some babies do survive abortions and can be saved, but are denied lifesaving treatment, including under Tim Waltz's watch Harris even voted against the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act to defend that would have defended the lives of these babies, their right to live once born unconscionable.


Trump didn't say any of that. Okay? He tried, but the nerve of this moderator to inject herself into it without any of this, that's for you, Emily. And Here's what I find, here's what I find especially infuriating about, that she chose, she editorialized with all of the sanctimony in the world to say that word, to focus in on that word quote, execute. I don't know if she knows any of the context that you just provided, which is all completely accurate and known to people who follow the news closely. Unless you're in a total bubble and aren't doing your job, which is obviously the case here. But she just to editorialize and say it's not true.


You can't execute, you can't kill babies. I mean, actually it depends on whether or not you consider having a baby who could be cared for, born alive and then left without care. If you, if You don't consider that an execution, okay? But she is injecting here to quibble editorially and, and she doesn't have a leg to stand on on this particular issue. There were obvious moments where Kamala Harris could have been fact-check just as any candidate could. I don't object to them. Fact checking, checking Donald Trump. I object to them fact checking, as Rich said, period. You know, we didn't, after that CNN debate about Biden talk about the moderators for a lot of reasons, namely because of Biden.


But we also really saw them sink into the background of that debate. It was the opposite in this case. They were constantly injecting themselves, constant fact checks. Didn't get a fact check on IVF project 2025, as Abigail Schreyer pointed out, nothing on Charlottesville. Even when Snopes had fact checked what Joe Biden was saying about Charlottesville, that Kamala Harris repeated nothing on abortion, nothing on that blood bath comment. They just let it all go and just went straight for Trump. It was all him. None her, nothing. No, not one fact. Check on Kamala Harris. But Emily, what you point out gets to the insanity of it. If she was gonna be strictly accurate in her fact check, she would've said, well, it's, it's not technically an execution. 'cause you're not affirmatively killing the child instead after the child's born, you're just giving the child comfort care and not the medical care that might be necessary to save him or her.


That's an opinion, right? That's a debate answer. And, and so, but instead they do it at under the guise of a fact check, which gives it this, this authority. It doesn't deserve that they're using that by the grace of them sitting there as, as moderators. It's a total abuse of their role. Yeah. And, and, and the same thing on Trump's attempt to claim that when he said on a podcast that he lost the 2020 election by a whisker. He, I, I said this on my show today, you guys, I said, if I were asking the questions tonight, I would ask him about that and about the fact that he sat on a podcast last week. He lost by a whisk, by a whisker.


And you should bring that up and that's fine to bring that up, which they did. And I was actually surprised by Trump's answer. I was being sarcastic. And I'm gonna be honest, I don't know that he was being sarcastic in that answer either. I didn't detect the sarcasm myself. That's not appropriate as a fact. Check. David Muir,


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out at MGM national harbor.com. Monumental happens here.


The moderators were not much better. They were a little better than a b, C news. But JD Vance put on a masterclass in how to handle biased moderators and a lying opponent. And It was a thing of beauty. It was beautiful. It was like Every Republican or Republican voter or person who in this case is rooting for Trump, knows exactly what I am feeling right now, which is just, thank God, it just listening to a guy go out there and know how to raise the right points in response to the right questions, to not take the moderator's bullshit.


It was really cleansing. It was just, you never see it. You, it's just so great to see the moderators are gross. Margaret Brennan. Not only do you desperately need some bronzer, you need to understand how to moderate a fair debate when you have half the country. Who's rooting for the other guy? She didn't even attempt to be fair. I mean, I'm gonna utter words I never thought I would utter. I preferred Nora O'Donnell. Oh my God, this Margaret. But she used to have a reputation as being kind of like reasonable, like she flirted with the Catholic, right?


The Christian right. And she, when you get on issues of faith, she could be kind of like normal. No, no, she's been in the soup too long. She's gone totally native over there at CBS news. You are terrible, madam Terrible. The moderators were disgusting, but JD Vance was a vision. And Tim Walls really did indeed look like the bumbling knucklehead. He said he was. There's so much to go over. We have a full line of, of guests for you tonight. We've got in-depth analysis on what we just witnessed and what it will mean with just a little over a month before election day. We're also monitoring the media reaction, which we'll bring to you.


It's always fun to highlight. But first, well, you heard my initial thoughts. Let me get to my guests. Rich Lowry is here. He's editor in chief of National Review and Eliana Johnson is here as well. Editor of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the in Stained Wretches podcast with the massive tax hikes proposed by Vice President Kamala Harris and almost 40% top income tax rate. My lower 7% increase to the corporate tax, a capital gains tax on unrealized gains. And the fact that she's proposing to add almost $2 trillion to a current $2 trillion deficit. You might be thinking it's time to make more of your tax sheltered savings and your inflation sheltered savings.


So I wanna tell you how to do that and that's why we're gonna talk about Birch Gold Group. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news is you don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, just information on fortifying your savings before the crazy really hits With an a plus rating with a better business bureau and thousands of happy customers, you can trust Birch Gold as well. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit today. Rich, do you feel me? Are you feeling, you're picking up what I'm putting down?


Totally. I, I don't know how he possibly could have improved on that performance substantively, tonally, just everything in terms of the message he was driving home. He brought it back to the economy and the American dream and how we need to revive it. He constantly made the point that Kamala Harris is in power now and why hasn't she done all these wonderful things that she's promising. The only thing that was difficult for him, I think was the January 6th thing, right at the end. Yep. That's not his fault. Right? You know, Donald Trump has created that vulnerability, but he deflected really definitely there as well by getting it onto the censorship. So I'm not sure when I've seen a better debate. Maybe, I don't know. I have no use for him, obviously 'cause my politics are opposite.


But maybe Barack Obama at his height in 2008. But this was just an extraordinary performance, a stellar performance. I'm not surprised that he was great because we've kind of seen it out on the campaign trail and in various interviews with hostile interviewers. But I was a little surprised at how pathetic Tim Waltz was, came out of the gate, nervous, You know, having hemming and hawing and then just the way he looked when he wasn't speaking on camera. He looked nervous, he looked sad, he looked befuddled. He kind of looked like the kid in the back of the classroom that can't keep up with the lecture and is desperately trying to, to take notes. It was just a terrible, it was a terrible look.


Eliana cannot relate to that kid. She was the front kid in the front of the class every time. This is the classic, this JD Vance look will go down. This will be on people's Christmas stockings. Here's one thing I wanted to add. You know what was so masterful about what JD did tonight? He's been demonized by this press since he was named as the running mate. And he completely shattered that tonight. He was kind, he was likable, he complimented his beautiful wife, he brought up his kids. He kept giving Tim Walls points like, You know, I kind of agree with that. He said the thing about how if I don't win and he becomes the vice president, I I will help him.


He did such an effective job throughout the whole 90 minutes of showing America. I'm actually a nice guy. And those women, those female Republican voters who left the party who are now gonna vote for Kamala Harris will if, if he was the problem, You know, the child is Cat Ladies, which did not come up. I have to imagine they're looking at him. Just a little softer tonight, Eliana. But your thoughts on what we saw tonight, I Thought it was an extremely impressive performance on Vance's part. And I have to imagine that Rich and many other conservatives, like, like me were thinking the same thing, which is watching JD Vance, it was clear that he prepared a lot, not only in terms of the substance of his responses, but also in terms of the style.


He knows how to be combative, but he wasn't that combative tonight. He came across as very, very likable. And I kept thinking, this is the job everybody wishes Trump had done. Yes. 'cause in terms of the discipline of his responses, he brought every response back to, well, You know, who's been in office for the past three and a half years? Kamala Harris. It started with the first response to the question that was on Israel and Iran and talking about a world in flames and the chaos that has engulfed the world over the past three years. And he brought that back to the doorstep of Kamala Harris.


But for as good as Vance was, walls was extremely weak. And people were talking about, You know, the, the Harris campaign was deliberately lowering the bar for walls. CNN ran a story saying, Tim Walls is really, really nervous. And there were questions about whether this is a strategy so that he could go out there and overperform Well, they didn't actually lower the bar enough 'cause he was extremely bad. And You know, Vance people are commenting on Twitter that he's really benefited from doing so many media interviews and from having so many combative exchanges with the press.


Well, he was better than all of the, than any interview he's done since walking on that stage in Milwaukee and for Walls. There are a lot of people out there saying he should have done more interviews maybe. But on the other hand, watching him tonight, you start to think, you start to understand why the campaign doesn't actually want him out there. Yeah, exactly. That's right. When, when he is, when he is in front of a friendly interviewer, like when he used to go on M-S-N-B-C before he got chosen, sure that could be a friendly, fun exchange in which you do well. This is a totally different ball game. And it is interesting now that that CNN article yesterday, setting the expectations low now seems like a clarion call.


Like, how, How not gonna, well, That's the one thing I told the truth about the whole campaign. Oh, Also Was Nervous Wa Wall's biggest lie. The whole night came at the end when he said, I really enjoyed this debate, jd. I say, so I think all three of us felt, I'm guessing that, that the one moment where he went after the moderator for his time, he ins he was FactCheck by the non fact checkers who were fact checkers, but only again of JD Vance. They let Tim Walls get away with lie after lie. And like Jesus came down and told him, this is what Republican voters wanna see.


He wasn't having it. He insisted on having his time. Forgive me, but those bitches tried to cut his mic and he, it was just, it was unbelievable. Here's the exchange in, so one, Now Governor Waltz broke, brought up the community of Springfield and he's very worried about the things that I've said in Springfield. Look in Springfield, Ohio and in communities all across this country, you've got schools that are overwhelmed. You've got hospitals that are overwhelmed. You have got housing that is totally unaffordable because we brought in millions of illegal immigrants to compete with Americans for scarce homes. Honor, and just to clarify for our viewers, Springfield, Ohio does have a large number of Haitian migrants who have legal status, temporary protected status.


Well, Mar Mar Margaret. But, but Thank you Senator. We have so much to get to Margaret. I I think it's important because we're Gonna turn out the economy. Thank you Margaret. The, the, the rules were that you guys are gonna fact check and since you're fact checking me, I think it's important to say what's actually going on. So there's an application called the CBP one app where you can go on as an illegal migrant, apply for asylum or apply for parole and be granted legal status at the wave of a Kamala Harris open border wand. That is not a person coming in, applying for a green card and waiting for 10 years. Senator. That is the thank you senator Facilitation of legal immigration. Margaret by our own leader, You senator, for describing the legal process. We have so much to get Senator that laws have on The books since 1990.


Thank you gentlemen. We wanna have APP has not been on the books. It's since 1990. It's something that has created Margaret. Gentlemen, you're the audience. Can't hear you because your mics are cut. We have so much we wanna get to. Thank you for explaining the legal process, Nora. Thank you Margaret. I am dripping contempt. Dripping contempt out of my pores for CBS news in that, that was such a dereliction on so many levels. Hello, you morons. A debate is unfolding alert note to anchor and CBS producers, the debate is happening right here. You let it fire up, let 'em go.


Eliana, we talked about this a million times before we prepared for our debate back in December. When you have fire on the stage, let it play out. This is a real issue. This is a huge issue. And it's voters number one or number two issue in virtually every poll. You didn't have a lot more to get to. There was a lot of inanity in that debate, including your next question, which was about climate change and good for JD Vance for fighting on it When Trump was fact checked multiple times and Harris was not fact checked at all. I think it was on your show, Megan, when I said he should have been prepared to be unjustly fact checked. And that's exactly what JD was prepared for tonight and he did a wonderful job with that.


I think any Republican candidate should be prepared when they walk on a stage on a mainstream media network to be treated unfairly and to hit pack exactly as Vance did because viewers like it. And I think both independent and persuadable voters like to see it as well as the base And rich for, for Tim Waltz to try to say that the CB one app has been in place since 1990. You know, this is nothing new that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden did is such a lie. That's what, that's what Vance was about to say. Like what? This has been one of the most controversial things you've done while in office. Yeah, she's done while in office and they cut his mic and move.


Yeah. On to climate change.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theaters lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Alright Henry, so it's been about two hours since we last spoke. What is jumping out at you as the most relevant couple of storylines? The likely but not yet callable victory of Donald John Trump for the presidency of the United States. Whoa. Why That? Why? It's because as all of these places come in, what we see is stronger than expected. Trump showings the supposed election day swift movement towards kall Harris is not materializing. One of the patterns of the night, if you follow the New York Times needle, is that the more votes that come in, the more they move their estimate towards Trump.


Which means that they keep showing stronger and stronger returns than they had expected. You take a look every exit poll I do the math. The ones that have have them with intent of a point, the only one she's ahead in is Michigan. But you take a look like right now, Donald Trump is ahead in Wisconsin by three tenths of a point 70 something percent of the vote in Madison County is in, there are counties that are gonna vote for Donald Trump that haven't reported a single vote. He's not losing votes in the suburbs of Milwaukee. He's picking up votes in the suburbs of Milwaukee. The two swing counties in the state sock and door are voting for him.


You don't call an election like this, it's way too many votes. But the things that we were told in the media today that were happening are not actually showing up in results. And that's happening in virtually every state I look at. And it's carrying through to the Senate that they have not called the the race for Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz is going to be the next senator. He's ahead by eight points or so. There's still Lot Fox called it for him. Lots Of Republican areas. Okay. Sorry, have they called, has Fox called Bernie Marino? No, none, none of the other big Senate races has been called.


Yeah, okay. You know, there still votes out. Bernie Marino is ahead by five points. Some democratic areas are out, but this is Ohio. You know, you're just looking at this and the, the Democratic senators are not running very far ahead as the votes come in. Donald Trump is doing much better. You know, not much better like five points, but a point or two better when the exit polls say you're with intensive point and all the data suggests that it can be more like one or one and a half, all of the data point in the same direction this race should not be called. But the odds of Donald Trump winning, You know, 79% on the needle strikes me as about right. That it would take a massive miracle in election day voting across the blue wall to save Kamala Harris right now.


Wow. Wow. Gosh, Henry, You know how to really get our attention with your projections. That's incredible to hear. I'm I Yeah, go ahead. I'm just saying, I'm not calling it, when I call Erase it means, You know, I've, I've I've I'm I'm point, let's put it this way. A a a certain, a certain type of opera singer with a, with with Viking horns is warming up time to get ready to sing. She had a little too much for dinner this gal. Do you think these margins, oh, she Might be a little poor sign. These margins are gonna hold that I just went through of 20% with black men and 54% with Latinos Latino men.


You Know, do I think they're gonna hold? Yeah, exit polls are always difficult to critique until you have all of the data that are in. But You know, like what I can point to is, let's take a look at Florida Osceola County, the most Puerto Rican county in the country. Donald Trump carried it Miami Dade County massive swing to him in 2020. He still lost it by three points. He carried it by 11 points. These are Hispanic places. Wow. So what, what, what do you think will happen now if you're, you're seeing what you're seeing, you've explained it and it's 10:20 PM Eastern. What do you think is gonna happen over the next two, three hours?


Well, couple of things. First of all, Arizona is, is looking increasingly Republican as the early vote drops. The seltzer poll is clearly not correct in Iowa. What I think is going to happen is the election day vote is going to slowly, slowly move up the, for Donald Trump. You take a look, half of the expected vote in Penn in Philadelphia is already in the Democrat said she needed to get like 470,000 vote margin out of it. If you double her margin right now, she won't even be at 400,000. I'm not saying it's over by any stretch of the imagination, but I just, the data all suggests that things are looking very good for Trump for at least one of the paths that he has.


If he holds, I I called it for Giorgio a while ago. I think North Carolina is almost certainly Republican. He holds those two states. He only needs one of the three Midwestern states. He only needs one. And Which one do you think is looking the most likely, likely that Wisconsin. Wisconsin, by the way, to your point, think Wisconsin is, You know, NBC news projecting Donald Trump wins Iowa. So you are absolutely right about the Seltzer poll not holding up. She had Kamala Harris winning Iowa. Yeah. By three points, Henry. Yeah, well look, like I said, when we talked this morning, and I, people have been asking me about the seltzer poll for the last 48 hours.


Every great pollster has a stinker. No one denies that Ann Seltzer is the best pollster in Iowa, but every great pollster has a stinker. She threw one up and it's not her fault, it's the sample. But you, you just have to not just go with the polls. You have to understand what politics is about and voting patterns and so forth. And that's why I said to you and said to everybody, it is one of those one out of 20 polls that is just wrong and it's wrong. And Iowa's going to go for Republic for Donald Trump pretty, pretty strongly. One of the problems with the Blue Wall states is they apparently take a very long time to count. Now I've heard the Michigan Secretary of State say, oh, we, we sped it up.


We're gonna do better this time than we did last time, given the amount of mailing vote that we had the last time when we've shored up our, our positions on how to do it. But is there any chance it's gonna be too slow in Wisconsin, in Michigan, in Pennsylvania to have a call in the next five hours? Let's see, so it's 10 22 Eastern time. I'd say six. Okay. I'd say six hours because You know, look, we're talking about half the votes are in, in Milwaukee. We're, and those are almost certainly not election day votes 'cause they all got dropped very early. We're talking about two thirds of the, or three quarters of the vote in in Dane County.


It's just the, the rural areas that haven't reported yet, all of their votes count more quickly. 'cause it's election day votes, that's precinct votes. I think Wisconsin will have the bulk of its votes in, in four to five hours and will be able to call the state unless something that I don't expect happens, which is that the last quarter of the vote in Dane and the last 30% of the vote in Milwaukee are significantly more Democrat than what we've seen so far. The current trends play out. Donald Trump will win Wisconsin. Not a call, just a direction. Henry, we're coming back to you. Please raise your hand As you get more data and have some more thoughts on it.


So helpful. Thank you. Standby. Joining me now, Victor Davis Hansen, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution. He's also the author of The End of Everything. Victor, great to see you. Wow. What a night. We're trying not to get ahead of our skis. But you heard Henry very bullish, very sober, serious pollster, respected and has a great record saying he believes this race is Donald Trump's. Yeah, I can see why he says that. I mean, if you take a state like Pennsylvania, we've been hearing, Megan, you and I have talked about it, that the Jewish vote was gonna be problematic. That black males were gonna be problematic getting the, the percentages they needed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.


We were, we were told that there was 600,000 more Republican voters. We were told the Amish were gonna come out. They were all not in themselves important, but in aggregate they were almost a perfect storm. So when we started seeing these polls, especially the last three week, three days that everything had tightened up and she had the momentum, a lot of us thought that that was sort of a false effort to increase exposure for fundraising, get people out to vote, but it didn't reflect what had been going on for a long time. But everybody, I think especially the last 48 hours on the Trump side was kind of shell shocked.


I thought, oh my God, it's gonna happen again. I'm gonna go to bed at 10. He's gonna be ahead. I'm gonna wake up. He's, it's over with. They've got the Cheney story, they've got the fake news shooting story. It, it, it, and that was all genned up. I think. I I don't think there was any support for it. And You know, You know, I've talked, I live in this community that's 95% Hispanic. I have not met a Mexican American male over the age of 40 who was not gonna vote for Donald Trump. I've never seen anything like it, it didn't happen in 2016. It didn't happen in 2020. It didn't happen in 2022. And it's mostly driven by the border and inflation. And, and the other thing I'd say, Megan, very quickly is I, You know, I worked on the Stanford campus.


If this trend holds true, these people are gonna have a complete mental breakdown. They really are. I mean, they have been convinced that Kamala Harris is winning. That the New York Times poll or the Washington Polls was absolutely accurate. That inside Intel and Trafalgar and Rasmussen were just crazy. It was a sure thing. And Trump was RIP rest in peace. And I, I don't think they psychologic, I don't, I don't think we're gonna, we have no idea about the mental confusion of Trump should win because they were convinced that he was in the last 48 hours, had lost his momentum.


And she was a shoe in. I really, I've heard that from 2030 people today on campus. Well, Here, here's the other thing. To your point, they, if, if Trump pulls this off, the, the meltdown will be yes, he's evil and he's been reelected and they're gonna have to deal with all of that. But it's also the loss of their power and control. They will have to come to grips with like the, the 2016 thing was a fluke. They didn't take him seriously. He shocked the world. That's one thing. But they, this time they pulled out all the stops from the lawfare to the nonstop actual media reporting that he's Hitler.


I mean, there's not another stop to pull. And if he manages to do it anyway, Victor, Well, there is one, there is one, there is one Megan, they've been talking as You know, about Jack Smith's sentencing coming up. Not that that would affect his ability, but they really do. I think they really do believe that if they lose this election, they will, they will think that Jack Smith will put him in jail. And that will be something that You, you mean not Jack Smith? You mean the, the the Alvin Bragg da in New York. Yes, Alvin Bragg, but also Jack Smith later on. But Alvin Brag, Jack Smith still got an open prosecution against him and he's appealing the one that got thrown out. So he is got two avenues against Trump. Vin still potentially viable. Could, I think you've mentioned that too. Alvin Brag had put him in jail this month.


I mean, I don't think, and that they will be able to do that. I, oh, hold on one second. Let's see. This is Pennsylvania, hold on. We don't actually have a projection, but it's the New York Times reporting Pennsylvania right now, Trump plus three with 56% reporting in Lackawanna, it's Harris plus three. That's one of the counties. That's where Scranton is with 95% reporting. Wait a minute, what did, what did Biden get? Biden, Biden won Lackawanna plus eight, eight and a half in 2020. She's at plus three right now in Biden's Home County where Scranton is Lackawanna again, it's only 56% reporting that could change.


But she is just, You know, what's happening now, Victor, amazingly is we're, we may be starting to realize they were better off with Biden. Biden. Yeah, I I, we had a, I think I was on Jesse Waters and we talked about that. I don't know if they were better off, but they were better able to hide Biden because everybody had baked into his presidency that he was cognitively challenged. So when he didn't appear, they just said, well, he, he, the Obamas are running it or something. But he, he didn't get out. I I mean, they didn't let him out. And she, when she, she was in as we a doom loop because the longer she evaded the media, the more pressure that was put upon her then when she came out every single interview, she lost 24 hours of just support.


Everybody just could not believe it. And it's, You know, I I think there's been cognitive distance. I really want to reiterate that in Michigan, we were told the ev ev mandate was really turning off auto workers. We were told that the black vote in Detroit was not there. We were told even the Muslim vote was starting to peel off from levels that Biden had. And when you have these types of indicators in Pennsylvania and you have them, whether it's registration or surprising early and mail-in ballot, and then you look at these polls and they're static. And I, I, I'd always say to myself, Megan, how can New Mexico be moving in Trump's direction?


But next door, Arizona is static. How can Minnesota be moving? And not that he's gonna win it, but it was moving in his direction. But the polls say Wisconsin isst static, how could North Carolina be static? Why Virginia was moving? And I just think that they, I, and I'm not saying that they were dishonest, but I do think that these polls had other purposes other than revealing what the actual estimations of the, the ballot would be. And I, and there were too many indicators that things were not going well for her across the board from the type of melody for the type of melody. Yeah. Do do you think it was an inability to see good news for Trump?


I mean, look at, was it any accident that Larry Saba's crystal Ball had among the worst projections for Trump, best for Kamala? I don't know Anne Seltzer in Iowa, but she, she really got this one wrong. She, I think she tried to change the race with that pole at the last minute trying to inject some, and I don't know whether it was conscious or subconscious to try to save and, and all this, all these older women are so obsessed with abortion and they're running to the polls. Well, it didn't happen. He just won. Iowa was one of the first states called, I think it's like, why would l Michaels ruin his reputation after 40 years of obeying basically protocols that you don't overtly endorse a candidate or put one particular candidate out right before the election.


And it's analogous to the pollsters, I think they felt that the ends were so important that you had this noble, better superior candidate and you had this awful Trump. And if you were going to risk your reputation just a little bit, it would be worth it because you could create momentum or you could get a late surge in, in donations or you could get more exposure or you could get greater turnout. And they, and I do think that, I don't know whether that it's overtly conscious or subconscious, but I do think there was an intent behind it. And it was not empirical because there was Victor many indicators, Megan, This the New York Times, not, not calling anything, but now moving Georgia from tossup.


First they moved it to Lean Trump and now they just moved Georgia to very likely Trump. And they just moved Michigan to lean Trump, Michigan. Yeah, I mean, we're not Michigan. You heard Henry was saying Wisconsin looks like it's Trump's at this point. He didn't call it. But he's saying Wisconsin is very strong for Trump. This is Michigan and also North Carolina. Likely Trump. Yeah. You know, I go there every year and I to teach at Hillsdale for two or three weeks. And I could tell there was something different in the news coverage. Trump didn't have as many commercials, but they were far better. And you would, when you were reading about the Michigan demography, you look at those three, that triad of special interest voters, the United Auto Workers, the Dearborn Muslim vote, and the Detroit and maybe Ann Arbor or Lansing or Grand Rapids, African American vote.


And all three of those indicators were not there in the way they had been for Biden. And yet every you would see these polls again and again giving Biden two, three, 4%. I just think, I don't think that was possible. I think they knew that was impossible. And I think they're really gonna take a hit, Megan, they're back to, their reputation is kind of improved after the 2022 midterm, but I think they're gonna go back to the status they they had in 2016 and even worse in 2020 if This goes up. You know, I have to wonder, I have to wonder, having just left Pittsburgh last night where, You know, we had all these guys with the hard hats, You know, men who work with their hands Yeah.


Cheering on their feet all night long for Donald Trump. That looks a lot like Michigan. That's Michigan's full of guys like that. Auto workers, As you point out, it is suffering from these ev mandates that Biden Harris crammed down our throats. They wanna eliminate these guys industry. And I do wonder whether the, You know, just this ongoing problem with the Democrats, their messaging around what a real man is, what a real job is. What do we drive, what do we cook with? What will the government tell us? Or will men and women for that matter be able to make up their own minds and live peacefully without the government trying to micromanage us?


I just wonder how much that strain of the election argument is driving these Michiganders and others in the Midwest to say No. No, I think it is, I know I noticed that the, that the gender gap that she was in the case of males actually went up. The more that Emh h and Walt started talking about the new empathetic male male, the new masculinity, those white dudes for Harris, those crazy actors that were in those commercials. Nobody's ever seen a person act like that in the real world. And this idea that then the stories come out that, You know, waltz has kind of temperamental and m ht slapped his girlfriend or he got his nanny.


It it, that was a whole disaster on their part. This idea that they were going to create an image of a new masculine male who was feminine almost. And then, and I think it really turned a lot of independent men off. I really do. And yeah, especially in terms of foreign policy. I think that, I think a lot of women and men both were very worried that after listening to Kamala Harris, especially when she talks out of both sides of her mouth to different audiences and how, how she was gonna deal with Ukraine when Putin is now threatening to use tactical nuclear weapons or putting incendiary devices allegedly on planes.


And we're looking at a, something's gonna happen with Iran very soon. And the idea that she would be the commander in chief just terrifies people, I think Address. And that came across. But we'll see how, we'll see how the night goes. Exactly. I'm gonna stand you by one piece of good news for Kamala. The New York Times just moved Michigan back into toss up. So Michigan goes to lean Trump right back to tossup moments later. So they're not feeling as confident now that it may be getting redder as more and more raw vote comes in and they, they get it tallied up. Standby. Victor, we're gonna come back to you. Great to have you tonight. Love hearing from you back with me now here on set. Thank you Maureen Callahan. And also joining our discussion is Amala Enobi, host of the Amala Enobi podcast and link Lauren, a former senior advisor to RFK J'S presidential campaign.


Thanks to you Amala and link for joining the conversation link. Let me start with you, since you actually worked for RFKJ for a while, Bobby, as he's known your reaction to the returns we're seeing so far tonight. Well, I just heard that Xanax and Boxed wine are being delivered to the M-S-N-B-C studios. They are melting down. I'm happy to be Back at the, we gotta get some of that here just for fun. I'm, I'm, I'm coming in with a drink next time. I'm not kidding. Why should they have all the fun? Go ahead. Isn't a boxed wine left? I also have to say, you look stunning last night in every sense of the word. I know you don't like people kissing your feet, but I have to say, I'm so happy you were at the rally. We needed some women surrogates on stage for Trump.


Thank you. Where had they been the last few months? So as for RFK Junior, as for Bobby, I heard he is down at Mar-a-Lago, hanging out with Elon Musk, Kaitlyn Jenner, Dana White, Donald Trump. That lineup is every woke liberal's worst nightmare, Tucker tell you right now. But yeah, Tucker Carlson, that is every, if you have purple hair and you went to Oberlin, you don't wanna walk into that room. But I think tonight really, my jaw, my jaw has been on the floor tonight with these Kamala Harris returns because this is a referendum on the swamp, on the political Washington permanent state. They have spent the last month saying Donald Trump is a fascist. He's Hitler. If you support him, you're a Nazi.


Everybody who supports him is garbage. And guess what? It's still a competitive race. Kamala's not sweeping in a landslide, which tells us you can't make a silk purse out of a Sal's ear with Kamala Harris. She is a very flawed candidate. And this is the death of the legacy media we're seeing right now. And we spoke about that all the time on the Kennedy campaign. 'cause we could barely get booked in the mainstream media. Oh my gosh. The, the New York Times is having a schizophrenic moment. They just moved Michigan back to the Lean Trump category. They can't make up their minds about Michigan. Nobody know. Goodness, nobody knows. But I mean, Michigan's not even supposed to be his strongest of the three states. They just moved new the Wisconsin to lean Trump as well. That doesn't mean they're calling him for him.


But now we've tell people That were there at 2:00 AM last night with him. But yeah, That's true's why Grand Rapids, Michigan is where he, where he completed his campaign. That was his last rally. So now we've got two outta the three blue wall states leaning Trump, oh my God. Imal. I mean, I don't wanna say like, but it's starting to feel like it's gonna happen. And to link's point about the hysterics on the left and in particular at M-S-N-B-C, let's just take a little look, see into what's happening at M-S-N-B-C and how they're taking the news. Watch You just think about just the last two weeks and the things that, that Donald Trump has said into, into the TV that people could hear him say and do the vulgarity in front of families with young children and the threats to do mass deportation and a violent, a start, violent start to his dictatorship on day one.


And you name it. If all of that gets you half of the votes, 48, 40 9%, what does it tell you? I mean, we need to really take a step back and think about what does that say about us? I think What does that say about us? Yeah, that's really the question she, she should be asking herself in regard to the whole Democratic Party. What does this say about us that people are showing up for Trump in this way? Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


Hey dc, did You know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop-off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.