(1s):
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Oh my Lord. Buckle up. Hi everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We are starting today with a five alarm fire back on in the Democratic Party, just as the flames were starting to dim. And Nancy Pelosi throws gas on the embers. Two days ago, president Joe Biden insisted he's not going anywhere and that he's quote, firmly committed to staying in this race, to running this race to the end and to beating Donald Trump. But then cook political report, which has been called the Bible of the political community, came out with a truly dire story on the actual state of this race for Democrats.

(52s):
They look at all the polling so far. They look at prior elections, how they were forecast, how they landed, and they have an absolutely terrible prognosis for the Dems, which we'll get into in a minute. They made major changes to their electoral college rankings and ratings for each candidate moving three toss up states now to lean Republican, including Nevada. Alright, Arizona, Georgia, the other two, Arizona and Georgia used to be reliably red. They haven't been. So the fact that they were toss ups was not great, but now they're back to lean Republican and Nevada.

(1m 32s):
Nevada now, which had been Harry Reed's state. He had gotten those unionized workers out election and election again. And then the apparatus he built did the same for Democrats to follow is now lean Republican. And I have to say, I think that might be understanding Nevada. Trump is doing great. Nevada Biden won those states by narrow margins in 2020. Cook moved Minnesota and New Hampshire from likely Dem to just lean Dem, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin remain a tossup with Cook concluding that Pennsylvania, which is a must win for President Biden, is now the most vulnerable sort of flip in Donald Trump's favor.

(2m 18s):
Pennsylvania, I don't think there's another state that President Biden has spent more time in either, at least certainly not recently. These are all changes Cook political says happened because of that debate debacle they walk you through. It's a fascinating analysis. We're gonna go in depth then on the heels of that this morning, Nancy Pelosi goes on the president's favorite TV show. Morning Joe to deliver this. And I want you to listen. Listen, when the reporter asks her direct questions, see if she says yes, okay. They're very simple questions. He's asking her very simple. See if she just answers them with a yes or a no, and listen to what she says.

(3m 2s):
If she doesn't say yes or no, But let me ask you about the current moment. Does he have your support to be the head of the Democratic ticket? As long as the President has the P, it's up to the President to subside. If he is going to run, we're all encouraging him to, to make that decision because time is running short. The, I think, overwhelming support of the, of the caucus. It's not for me to say I am not the head of the caucus anymore, but he's beloved. He is respected and people want him to make that decision. He has not Me, he has, he has said he has made the decision. He has said firmly this week he is going to run.

(3m 44s):
Do you want him to run? I want him to do whatever he decides to do. And that's, that's the way it is. Whatever he decides we go with, let him deal with this NATO conference. He is the host of it. And that means not just hosting, it means orchestrating the discussion and setting the agenda. And he's doing so magnificently. And I've said to everyone, let's, let's just hold off whatever you are thinking. Either tell somebody privately, but you don't have to put that out on the table until we see how we go this week. But I'm very proud of the President. Wow. It's up to the President to decide if he's going to run.

(4m 27s):
Time is running short again. Just two days ago, president Biden sent a letter to Nancy Pelosi and all of her fellow Democratic colleagues saying he is firmly committed to staying in this race. To the end, he said explicitly the same to George Stephanopoulos. He said the same to the Democratic governors with whom he met last week. Let's see. It's up to the President to decide. And when the anchor says he did decide, he says he is made the decision. He's firmly in it. He's going to run. Do you want him to not a yes. In either instance, does he have your support?

(5m 9s):
She doesn't say yes. Do you want him to run? She doesn't say yes. I want him to do whatever he decides to do that. My friends from a very smart and savvy political negotiator, no one can say she isn't, is extremely telling this is important, and it's probably the beginning of the end. Joining me now is Glenn Greenwald. He's host of Rumble's System Update and a poet, surprise winning journalist.

(5m 38s):
It was Lennon who said, give me four years to teach the children. And the seed I have sown will never be uprooted. Well, in the last four years, math and reading skills are on the decline. And let's not forget all the woke indoctrination plus inflation is making things harder than ever. But there is some good news and it's why I wanna tell you about Freedom Project Academy. Freedom Project Academy was built on Judeo-Christian values and classical curriculum. Students read full books, they write in cursive, they study the full scope of history and graduate with knowledge years above their public school peers. They have payment plans. So you don't need to choose between paying the mortgage and ensuring your kids get a decent education. Save 10% on tuition when you enroll@freedomforschool.com. That's freedom. FOR school.com. Check out their fully accredited courses, preview classes, payment plans, and request a free information packet today. Enrollment ends soon, so please don't wait. Take back your child's education at Freedom Project Academy, freedom for school.com. That's freedom. FOR school.com.

(6m 50s):
Glenn, welcome back to the show and no sooner does she do that then I mean, a man whose name has been dropped repeatedly as a possible democratic presidential candidate himself drops a barn burner in the New York Times, and that man is George Clooney who explicitly says, get out. It starts with, I love Joe Biden. This is the headline, but we need a new nominee. And I'll read you some of the specific passages in a second. Let's start with Pelosi. What do you make of it? I think there's this fascinating dynamic, which is that Democrats, and as you say, Nancy Pelosi is very savvy. She's 84 years old, but unlike Biden, she actually is still quite perceptive and very cunning.

(7m 34s):
She sees what everybody sees, which is that basically Joe Biden has, I don't wanna say no chance because you never know, but very little chance to win against Donald Trump. And that not only that, it doesn't appear that he will just lose, but that he will lose in such a way and turn off so many voters, voters that it will jeopardize. The thing really, Nancy Pelosi cares about most, which is even the majority in the house, and most definitely the majority in the Senate. And so they don't care if Joe Biden is capable of serving as President. If he were ahead and even more senile than he is, they would be fully behind him. What they're concerned about is they all believe that he can't win in November and that he will take down all Democrats with him. That's on one side. On the other side though, is that you have a politician and Joe Biden's nothing but a politician.

(8m 19s):
He's been done nothing in his whole life, but be a politician in Washington, elected in the Senate at the age of 29, in the early 1970s, who has spent his entire life chasing the presidency. All he ever wanted was to be President. And now that he has this power in his hands and this title in his hands, and now that all the people who are around him and who control him basically have that power in their hands too. The idea that Joe Biden and the people who control him are just going to voluntarily relinquish this power simply because of some appeal to the common good is contrary to everything we know about Joe Biden. He's a narcissistic power hungry president. And I think that that's the dilemma that Democrats have is they're trying to gently push him to do what they think he should do.

(9m 6s):
But he's the one who has to give up the power and the reason why Nancy Pelosi is 84 years old and still on the hill, the reason why Diane Feinstein stayed there until she was 91 propped up in a wheelchair, barely able to speak, is because these people cling to power until the very moment that they can't do it any longer. But for her, I mean you, you listen to her and you're right. I mean, we've said all along, it's not an age thing with Biden, it's it's an ability thing. It's a cognition thing. I look at Alan Dershowitz, I mean, I love Alan and I listen to his podcast all the time. He's as sharp as they come, and he is 85 years old. He could be President Joe Biden cannot. It's an individual thing.

(9m 46s):
That's just the truth of it. So if just in case people thought maybe she misspoke, maybe that wasn't calculated, she wanted to take it back. No, her spokesperson just released a statement following the morning Joe appearance, it reads as follows, speaker Pelosi fully supports whatever President Biden decides to do. We must turn our attention to why this race is so important. Donald Trump would be a disaster for our country and our democracy. That's no better. That's, that's, that's equally bad. She's not endorsing a President Biden run. She's ignoring the fact that he is telling everyone he can. He has decided he's staying in the race and she's telling other Democrats Just wait until the end of this week.

(10m 26s):
Which is exactly what Joe Manchin said earlier a couple days ago. Just wait until the end of this week. We started the show yesterday asking What is the magic about Saturday and Sunday? And we speculated openly it's polls. They're waiting for more data on just how badly the debate hurt. Not just Biden, they know it hurt him, but them, the House members and the Senate Democrats. And so far what we're getting, Glenn, is it hurt them badly. It hurt all of them very badly. And that I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll put it in the words of Michael Bennett, who's a senator from Colorado, a democrat who was on CNN last night and listen to how he put it.

(11m 13s):
He was saying, Biden is a trouble. Listen, stop one. My Colleague Dana Bash, reported that you, Senator John Tester and Senator she Brown, all said during that lunch that you don't think President Biden can can win in 2024. Is that true? Well, it's true that I said that and I did say that behind closed doors and you guys and others asked whether I had said it and that is what I said. So I figured I should come here and say it publicly. Why do you think he can't win in November? I just Think the, the the this, this race is on a trajectory that is very worrisome. If, you care about the future of this country. Joe Biden was nine points up at this time. The last time he was running Hillary Clinton was five points up.

(11m 54s):
This is the first time in more than 20 years that a Republican president has been up in this part of the campaign. Donald Trump is on track, I think to win this election and maybe win it by a landslide and take with him the Senate and the House. And we have four months to figure out how we're gonna save the country from Donald Trump and, And take it with him, the Senate and the House. And that Glen, just one other soundbite dovetails perfectly with what we're seeing in the reporting from pollsters, from people who watch polls for a living, including the senior data reporter at CNN whose name is Harry Enton. With this report watch, The fact of the matter is you look at the national polling, the generic congressional ballot choice for USF, look at this CNN poll plus two Republican Wall Street Journal poll plus three Republican mom.

(12m 44s):
Its University Poll plus three Republican. Yeah, Joe Biden may be in slightly worse shape in these particular re polls, but the fact is when biden's down four or five, six points, these polls, you can only run so far ahead of Joe Biden at this particular point, at least in the race for the house. It does seem like Republicans are ahead because Donald Trump is so far ahead. What's the senate landscape? I mean, take a look here. GOP needs just a gain of one for control. If Trump wins and their path is extremely clear because their best chance for a pickup opportunity is in West Virginia, that's a very likely GOP win with, with Joe Manchin retiring. If Donald Trump wins this election, the race for the Senate, for all intents and purposes in my mind is over. So here's the thing, Glen, they've been saying, let's see how he does at this presser.

(13m 30s):
He's gonna have yesterday or tomorrow in connection with nato. Let's see how he does with the NATO leaders and let's see how he does with Stephanopoulos. That's all a head fake. They needed to buy time to see the polls which were delayed thanks to the July 4th holiday. The polls are coming in and no matter what happens at tomorrow's presser or with nato, they're going to say he just didn't convince us that he can make the case against Trump, that that's what's gonna happen. What do you think? Yeah, I just wanna underscore the point that you referred to when you mentioned Alan Dershowitz about the difference between age and cognitive inability.

(14m 10s):
I actually debated Alan Dershowitz, I don't know, a month ago or so, six weeks ago or so in New York. He's 85 years old. He had spent the entire day at the courthouse covering the Donald Trump trial. And then he came that night to debate me. You know, he wasn't like sleeping, he wasn't in bed. And I had debated him 10 years earlier when he was 75. And other than the fact that it took him a little bit more time to go up the stairs, there was no difference in terms of Alan Dershowitz today and Alan Dershowitz 10 years ago, even though he's much older than Trump, than Biden, he's obviously very cognitively alerted as much as he ever was. Trump's not that much younger than Biden, but people don't have these concerns about Trump. And I think what's I actually, this is what I really think is going on Megan, is that the issue is not just that people look at Joe Biden and they will never unsee what they saw in the debate, what they've actually been seeing for many years.

(14m 57s):
Only the media is surprised. Americans have known this for many years. I think they see that the Democratic party, their allies in the media have been lying and concealing and covering up this issue for so long. And I think that's another reason why it's reflecting poorly on the down ballot democratic candidates as well. It just has a stench of like a coverup in a way that's very dangerous and deceitful to lie to the public for so many years about the person who has the nuclear codes and what their mental state is. And I think that is part of it has like a, a stench of not just concerns about Biden, but a stench of scandal around the Democratic party, his allies and the media as well.

(15m 37s):
Steve Bannon was on the program the day after the debate and he said There is no way they're going to lose the House and the Senate without a fight. There's just no chance if they think they eject him and they can save the house in the Senate, that they won't eject him. And I realize he controls the de the de delegates and all that, but there are ways of ejecting him. There are ways of having senior party leaders Barack will forget, Pelosi and Schumer and, and Hakeem Jeffries we're talking like Barack and Michelle and Bill and Hillary go and see him. And you, it could be something as dramatic as we've got a press conference scheduled for one o'clock, it's noon right now that we're meeting with you.

(16m 19s):
One of us is going out there, either you or we are going to those microphones at one and making a statement about the future of this race. You know, it's up to you, but Iki, his hand could be forced. Nate Silver polling God at 5 38 has been making the case for him to step down for a long time, especially post-debate though, and, and was saying he's been mentioning that there's this in good conscience like clause of the Promised Delegates, which says they have to vote for Joe Biden unless in good conscience they cannot. And so they could make an argument that they no longer can, there's been a catastrophic event from the time they pledged to support him. That must now change Anyway, the point is the Democrats are not without a hand to play.

(17m 3s):
And I do believe there what the wait this week is just to see if they should play it. If they'd somehow gotten lucky and dodged this bullet and I and I this so far the data suggests no they haven't. Yeah, it's really interesting because the Democratic party for all of their rhetoric about how they and they alone believe in the values of democracy and they are our only safeguard between tyranny and democracy have repeatedly proven not just in this election but prior ones, that they actually run the party. And in extremely authoritarian and anti-democratic way in 2016 when Bernie ch Sanders had a Genucel chance to defeat Hillary Clinton, the DNC intervened and cheated to make sure that she won.

(17m 45s):
And that wasn't me saying that, that was Donna Brazil and Liz Warren that happened. And a bunch of emails that they cheated, they they subverted the democracy. Yes, I mean they absolutely did. And Party Insiders say it, it's undisputable that that happened. Bernie probably would've won absent that constant cheating in 2020. Not something as great, but something very similar. And they're now mentioning this as Joe Biden ran some raves against the Democratic elites. A lot of these people are going on TV and saying, Hey, in 2020 you didn't hate the Democratic elites because we were the ones behind the scenes who forced everyone outta the race X so that you that that none of the vote got divided. And you could easily be Bernie. We, the Democratic elites are the ones who enabled you to win. So they constantly talk about how they manipulate the politics.

(18m 27s):
They manipulate the elections to get the outcomes that they want. Of course, the Democrats, especially if they believe they won't just lose the White House, but the House and the Senate, meaning their own jobs, are gonna go to extreme lengths to force Joe Biden out if he chooses to stay in and doesn't leave voluntarily. They have a lot of weapons, including very anti-democratic ones that they've proven before. They're more than happy to use to get the outcome they want. Da James Char CarVal has been a voice of reason throughout this whole contest. He's one of these, you know, he is of course a lifelong Democrat. He's not a woke Democrat and he's seen what's happened to his party. He's not one of those Democrats who's meandering closer to becoming an independent or Republican.

(19m 9s):
He's a true blue dem, but he's very critical of what his party has been doing. And in particular, he's been critical lately of their decision not to sub out this obviously infirm man here. He was reacting to the Cook political report in Satou Cook moved six states away from Democrats. I, I'll watch some of these press conferences, And, it reminds me a book that made me read in college called Ship of Fools. A bunch of desperate people sailing into disaster. I still think a I'll stand by my thing that he won't run, but if he does, we're just making a, a idiotic choice for the future of our country.

(19m 49s):
And I I, I can't help but believe that. And I, you know, the proof's in the pudding. They're moving states away from us. We're losing, we're not winning. And when we lose, America loses. It's that simple. Alright, one more for you Glenn, who got Bill Clinton elected that man right there, James Carville and George Stephanopoulos. They weren't the only two, but they were two important members of the team. And George Stephanopoulos, a young whipper snapper at the time who then went on to become a partisan journalist over at a BC was one, the one of course who conducted this interview with Biden on Friday. Very sympathetic to him, but much more sympathetic to Democratic politics in general.

(20m 32s):
His, his big goal is to have a Democrat remain in the White House. I don't know that he cares that it's Joe Biden. He wants whoever's gonna beat Trump. That's pretty clear. And he was, I don't know if I'm gonna say caught by TMZ on the street. I actually have questions about whether this was orchestrated by Stephanopoulos himself, but TMZ let's say, caught up with George Stephanopoulos on the streets of New York yesterday and here's that exchange. You think Biden should step down? You talk to him more than anybody else have lately. And you could be honest Yout, you don't think he can serve four more years? Alright, that's an answer.

(21m 13s):
I don't think he can serve four more years now he's come out and said, oh, you know, somebody stopped me and I, I I shouldn't have given an answer. I should have just kept walking. I don't know Glen, it's not like I cover news. I'm on TMZ, I cover all media sites that cover the media. I don't see ge George Stephanopoulos being followed a lot. I really don't. The paparazzi aren't so interested in him. It's possible 'cause he just did this sit down. TMZ caught up with him. But if I had to put money on it, I would bet you that Stephanopoulos made that happen because it's his way of saying his opinion without saying his opinion. So you got both of the Clinton guys, the Obama guys have been very vocal. Not the, not the Presidents themselves, but all the guys around them, all those pod save America's guys have been very critical of Biden.

(21m 56s):
So you've got all the staffs of these former presidents who clearly want him out. Yeah, first of all, anyone who's even a little bit in the public eye, like who has a public platform understands that If, you say something on the street, of course there's a big chance you're being recorded, someone's gonna hear it. I mean, someone like George Stephanopoulos, you know, who's been on television for decades now, obviously understands that if someone stops him and he says something, there's a chance that it will leak. It's, I hard to believe that that was some sort of huge surprise for him. I, you know, I think that there's this very interesting other dynamic here, Megan, which is, you know, when James Carville and George Stephanopoulos and all those Clinton people came into the Democratic party in order to win, they felt like they had to radically revamp the Democratic party.

(22m 41s):
They had to kind of purge the left. You know, they had losses, terrible losses with Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis and, you know, throughout the nineties, and there was a lot of internal debate inside the Democratic Party over the last eight years. There's no debate inside the Democratic Party. These people are completely unified, even the like left wing of the party, the squad that was supposed to be a, an anti-establishment challenge to democratic party leadership. They're as much in line as anybody. Whereas the Republican party that has had these vibrant internal debates about ideology, foreign policy, economic policy, Trump, et cetera, and I think in a lot of ways they've created this atmosphere where Democrats are trained that you do not challenge the leader.

(23m 22s):
You do not question the leader. So to get these delegates who are, you know, the hardest core democratic partisans, the people who get elected as delegates who have been trained to view Joe Biden as the salvation for democracy to go to that convention and abandoned Joe Biden even knowing that Biden himself is saying, I wanna run, I think this like climate that they've cultivated inside the Democratic party of unquestioning unity toward the leaders has made a lot of this far more difficult for them. And then on top of that, I think it's important to realize that you have the Clinton people and the Obama people who have never really been close to Joe Biden. There's always been this tension, even when Biden was vice president with Obama, he felt disrespected by the Obama people.

(24m 6s):
And so a lot of this is like Intraparty factions. So if Joe, if Joe Biden hears George Stephanopoulos or James Carville or certainly like the Obama people say, you should get outta the race, I don't think he's gonna care. In fact, that's gonna fort, that's gonna fortify his will to stay in even longer because he doesn't really like those people. But Nancy Pelosi is a different story and I think that's why you were wise to begin the show pointing to her remarks, because that's the first time that I would say somebody who has the potential to reach Joe Biden has begun to signal in that very coded but clear way that he should consider stepping down. And she is savvy because If, you listen to the whole remarks she goes on about how magnificently he is handling the NATO summit and how I, you know, I, I can't get in front, I don't see it, right?

(24m 57s):
But, but it's basically he's handling everything perfectly and what an amazing president he's been, right? So she's, she's giving him praise. She's building up the ego, but she's quietly sticking the knife in. I mean, that's what's happening there. She knows she has to say all the things to pacify him, but she's setting him up to exit stage left in the process because she's got a whole bunch of house Democrats to manage, even though, no, she's not the house speaker. And Hakeem Jeffries is the minority leader in the house right now. She's the most powerful Democrat in Congress. That's the truth. And she's the leader who's has more influence in that body than anybody else.

(25m 39s):
Okay, now we've got George Clooney this, this point being made from, oh, this is Charlie Sparing who wrote a book on Kamala Harris. Few celebrities are closer with Barack Obama than George Clooney. You can bet he ran this statement about Joe Biden by Barack before it went public. And let's talk about what he's done. I actually was at the White House correspondence dinner when Barack Obama was president when George Clooney showed up. And I mean the press car was Swooning Glen. Swooning Clooney showed up. They are tight. Okay, I gotta put on my glasses for this 'cause there's a lot of reading.

(26m 19s):
This is, this just hit before we came to air. I, I'm assume some ellipses are being used by yours. Truly, I'm a lifelong Democrat. I make no apologies for that. I've led some of the biggest fundraisers in my party's history last month. I co-hosted the single largest fundraiser supported supporting any Democratic candidate ever for President Biden's reelection. I say all of this only do express how much I believe in this process and how profound I think this moment is. I love Joe Biden. I consider him a friend and I believe in him, believe in his character, in his morals in the last four years, he's won many of the battles he's faced. But the one battle he cannot win is the fight against time. None of us can.

(26m 59s):
It's devastating to say it, but the Joe Biden I was with three weeks ago at the fundraiser was not the Joe big effing deal, Biden of 2010. He wasn't even the Joe Biden of 2020. He was the same man we all witnessed at that debate. Was he tired? Yes, A cold maybe. But our party leaders need to stop telling us that 51 million people did not see what we just saw. We're also terrified by the prospect of a second Trump term that we've opted to ignore every warning sign the George Stephanopoulos interview only reinforced what we saw the week before as Democrats. We collectively hold our breath and turn down the volume whenever we see the President who we respect walk off Air Force one or walk back to a mic to answer an unscripted question he asked George, it's not just Democrats who feel that way.

(27m 47s):
We all feel that way. I mean, just your humanity doesn't wanna see the President of the United States fall on his face outside of Air Force One. But I'm sure it's particularly scary for Dems. Is it fair to point these things out? It has to be. This is about age, nothing more, but also nothing that can be reversed. We are not going to win in November with this president. On top of that, we won't win the house and we're gonna lose the Senate. This isn't only my opinion, this is the opinion of every senator and Congress member and governor that I've spoken with in private, every single one irrespective of what he or she is saying publicly. Yet most of our members in Congress are opting to wait and see if the damn breaks, but the damn has broken.

(28m 32s):
We can put our heads in the sand and pray for a miracle in November or we can speak the truth. It is disingenuous at best to argue that Democrats have already spoken with their vote and therefore the nomination is settled and done when we just received new and upsetting information. Top Democrats, Schumer, Jeffries, Pelosi, and Senators, representatives and other candidates who face losing in November, need to ask this president to voluntarily step aside. And then he goes on to say what he thinks should happen. He wants a mini primary because he says the Democrats have an exciting bench and has some proposals in there for the messy but necessary way to enliven the party and wake up voters.

(29m 11s):
What do you make of it? First of all, Megan, I just have to begin with expressing disgust and indignation because he referenced, for example, the disoriented, confused, lost Joe Biden at that fundraising event that he co-hosted with where Ba Obama was. And this was before the debate, but very shortly before the debate, and you might recall, I'm sure you do that a lot of people were saying, oh If, you look at these videos, Biden seems totally disoriented and lost and not just the White House, but the entire press court that has been protecting Biden for years came down and said, people who are saying this are right-wing liars, they're disinformation paddlers, they're snipping, manipulative and deceitful portions of video to try and make Joe Biden appear to be something that he isn't namely a confused old man.

(30m 1s):
And now suddenly, because it's permissible to say it because democratic party leaders want to say it, George Clooney is going back and saying, look, we've all seen all these things over the last several years that we all have actually all seen. It's just that those of us who have been saying it have been accused of being liars and propagandists and part of the right wing disinformation machine by saying exactly what all these Democrats are now willing to admit was actually happening all along. And I just can't let it go that this is a huge media scandal, that this is the kind of thing that they were doing. They were denying vehemently and attacking anyone who was pointing out the truth. Only now they will admit that truth months later because now it's in their interest to do so.

(30m 45s):
That's the first thing. The second thing is, I do think that when Joe Biden is ranting and raving against the elite, there is a part of this that is kind of Genucel in him because even though it's a joke, Joe Biden has been part of the elite for his whole life. He does believe like the self-image that he has is that he's like scrappy Joey from Scranton, from like the working class. And I do think a lot of politicians who come from that way, like Richard Nixon had this, even Donald Trump has this, there's like a resentment toward the elite, especially if the elite attacks them. So when you're reading like about glamorous movie stars like George Clooney and like major democratic funders telling Biden that he has to get outta the race, I do think there's part of him that feels like I have the people behind me.

(31m 30s):
I'm not not gonna allow the party elite to override the votes of the people who nominated me. And there is, even though the Democratic nomination process was a complete joke, like they didn't allow any debates, they announced they, they didn't even sometimes allow voting by their process. Joe Biden is the elected nominee. And all polls showed that the vast majority of democratic voters wanted him to be the nominee. So to have George Clooney and Nancy Pelosi and like big hedge fund managers swoop in at the last minute and say their choice should be denied. There is this kind of real dynamic of elites trying to override democratic values that I think Joe Biden genuinely is responding to When back to your first point, they knew, they knew the, the catastrophic event was the, the facts revealed were known.

(32m 20s):
He's admitting it in his op-ed. You know, he saw it, he saw the Joe Biden of the debate three weeks ago and there was no New York Times op-Ed, there was nothing. And maybe he's talking about speaking with, I mean he says Congress member governor, every senator, he doesn't say former president, but I'll bet you anything. He had that conversation with Barack Obama. A lot of us speculated about Obama noticeably taking an arm and guiding Joe Biden off the stage at that fund, right Razor. Because Barack Obama too is very smart. He's very politically savvy, very politically savvy. And he didn't have to do it. And he knew what that would look like And. it may have been a way of telegraphing how weak Joe Biden was.

(33m 4s):
And I'm saying, I'm not saying he would've known exactly how the sequence of events would come thereafter, but it does make you wonder what conversations were had behind the scenes. And what did you do George Clooney to save your party from this disaster at the time, you know, and I bet it was long before three weeks ago that Clooney and others knew how bad he was. It wasn't until they could no longer hide it that they started to admit the truth to the rest of us. To me that's the story. You know, the idea that the media is pretending like, oh my God, we were betrayed, we were misled by the White House into believing that Joe Biden was vigorous and mentally ad adept.

(33m 46s):
And we only learned for the first time that that wasn't true at the debate. Sickens me to my core. It is such a, it's not just a lie, but it's like a lie that insults the intelligence of the public. Because again, the American public has long known this, they've long been saying it, they've all seen it with their own eyes. And I've always said that there may be things that are very complicated or you need a specialized knowledge like economic policy or whatever to understand. But we all have gone through, most of us, at least the experience of having an elderly loved one in cognitive decline. We all can see it with our own eyes when it's happening. We don't need specialists or media professionals to tell us what to think about it. So everybody in the country knew that this was going on, including the people in the media and the Democratic Party elite.

(34m 29s):
They just wanted to hide it because they wanted to deceive the public and help get Joe Biden over the finish line only after the debate. Like, but nothing in the debate surprised me in the slightest. Like I thought they might, you know, pop him up with a lot of whatever adrenaline or I don't know if they're using that, but you know, they get him ready for like 90 minutes. But it didn't surprise me to see Joe Biden like that at all. I've seen Joe Biden like that many times over many years. We all have. But these people, and this is what I'm kind of trying to say, is that for all of their like political savvy and all of their like influence or whatever, they have no credibility. These people are guilty of a major scandal. They all have collaborated together to conceal from us.

(35m 9s):
The fact that the president of the United States, the person with the nuclear code, with the ability to order war, et cetera, is basically senile. Is is. And not all the time, but often. And I think that what got exposed was not Joe Biden's mental state because Americans already knew that. I think it was the rotted corruption of the Democratic party elite and their media allies. That to me is the biggest story. And I think a lot of people are reacting to that. So I'll just tweak what you said a little to give my own opinion on it. I, you know, we also have been covering all of his problems as exhibited in front of the camera for years, for years now. You know, we don't cover every small thing as if he slips up on a word here or there.

(35m 51s):
We all do. But you know, the, the obvious gaps in the getting lost in the short stares of Air Force one and the sneakers and the falling and the forgetting that alive people are dead and dead people are alive and all that. We covered all of it. But even so, I was shocked by what I saw at that debate. It was a game changer. I had never seen him for that period of time. 90 minutes so unstable and infirm and the inability to keep any thought line, you know, consistent and in logical reasoning form was shocking to me. You know, bringing up Lake and Riley in the middle of his, of his abortion answer Lake. And Riley wasn't, she wasn't pregnant.

(36m 33s):
There wasn't a, there was zero tie. We actually have that, we'll, we'll play it for you here. It is A terrible thing what you've done. The idea that states are able to do this is a little like saying we're gonna turn civil rights back to the states. Let each state have a different role. Look, there's so many young women who have been including a young woman who just was murdered and he, he went to the funeral and the idea that she was murdered by a by by an immigrant coming in to, they talk about that. But here's the deal. There's a lot of young women are being raped by their, by their in-laws, by their, by, by their spouses, brothers and sisters. By just, it's just ridiculous.

(37m 15s):
I mean, we took a turn to do Lake and Riley who has nothing to do with abortion and illegals, and we landed on sisters are raping sisters who then need abortions. I mean, I, I was shocked. I have, I couldn't believe how really just gone he looked and the facial expression and the paleness like the, the the color, the mouth hanging open, you know, I mean we've all been there. If you have someone you love who gets very l and dies hopefully at a very old age. They do get to the place where they can't keep their jaw closed. But to see that of the sitting president, it was shocking even to me.

(37m 57s):
You didn't feel that at all. I, I totally get what you're saying, but I think the reason it was shocking was because they protected Biden from being exposed for that long a period of time. You know, we see him like at the state of the unit address where he has to read from a teleprompter. And the Democrats were so happy he got through that without like drooling or falling on the floor. But we've seen snippets of it. But the issue is we've never really seen him have to be, you know, the rules of the debate that they wanted. No notes, no teleprompters, no ability to talk to aids. He was completely on his own And. it was the first time we've seen it. But like the thing, one of the things that a alarmed me the most was when the special counsel Robert Hur decided that he couldn't prosecute Biden.

(38m 43s):
And the reason he gave for not being able to prosecute Biden was that no jury would believe that he's even capable of forming criminal intent. They would just see him as like this old man with memory problems. So they would think that he had classified documents at his home, not with malice because he's not even capable of malice, but just 'cause he is so forgetful in his old age that he can't remember anything about where anything was. And then they fought desperately and are still fighting to prevent the video of that, of that deposition. Yes. Or interrogation from being released. And you knew it was because Biden would look absolutely like he did in the debate. So I get what you're saying. Absolutely. And it's, you know, there was a gravity to this moment where everybody was watching you figured that they would never let him go on stage if he were anything remotely like in that state.

(39m 27s):
But in the few, we've seen many times Biden looking like that just in like snippets in moments. And I guess that's what I'm saying, that it didn't, they Ignored those moments prepare better. I'm like you and me, those media ignored, that's the difference, right? Like those of us who have been reporting on it saw it go into another gear. But if that were sincerely the reaction from the rest of the media, they would've honestly reported on the earlier stumbles and falls. They, you know, they wouldn't have totally ignored and blacked them out and covered for them. That just shows your point. I think the dishonesty, you, you accurately detect that they are dishonest brokers when they pretend, oh, I saw it my for the first time I was shocked as opposed to those of us who knew he had serious problems and were only shocked by the degree, Megan, that's the thing, like when George Clooney mentioned that fundraiser, that was one of the events where a lot of people were saying If, you look at Joe Biden, he was clearly lost on that stage.

(40m 25s):
He had to be let off by Obama. Obama. And I agree with you about Obama's motives, but it wasn't just that the people in the media ignored those issues. They did address them, but they addressed them by saying, this is part of the right winging disinformation machine. They called at the White House, they called them sheep fakes. And people like Genki and like all of c Nnn, M-S-N-B-C were on the air every day saying these people are manipulating the videos to make it seem like Biden is not capable. When of course everyone he knows, who knows him, knows he is. They had Joe Scarborough in the air making three weeks ago, three weeks ago saying, I spend a lot of time with Joe Biden. He is more intellectually engaged and vigorous and, and able to process complicated information that I've ever seen him before.

(41m 6s):
This version of Joe Biden is the best. He said that he's more in charge mentally than any of the house speakers over the last 30 years. The level of lying in propaganda, they were spewing and attacking people, pointing out the truth, the truth that they're now admitting is, is hard to describe. And that's the thing that I keep going back to. So now you've got, and I wanna talk about there, a report just broke on Axios about the reaction within Camp Biden as the staffers were watching the debate, the same staffers who were, you know, putting out press releases now telling us, move on. There's nothing to see here. Grow up, you know, breathe through your nose like the mouth breathers, right?

(41m 47s):
Like this is the staff behind the scenes how they were all but passed out while they watched. I'll get into the details in a minute, but first I've gotta start with this now in the wake of that disastrous debate, and keep in mind right now, you know, the White House is, he's all in. He is not withdrawing. And actually he's gonna do the second debate too. He's also gonna do this. None of that is happening. But anyway, Lawrence O'Donnell who says he runs a panic free zone over there at M-S-N-B-C, like it's Biden calm down as his colleagues on morning Joe, Joe Scarborough in particular did a 180 the day after the debate. I never said he was any of those things. He should step down now. He's gone back the other way. Lawrence O'Donnell says, this is the solution so we can have better, more meaningful debates like the one in September.

(42m 33s):
Listen, It will allow the candidates to have as many staff as they want, join them on the stage throughout the debate and make sure that all of them have microphones and the candidates should be allowed to turn to their staffs and confer with them about anything at any time in the debate. And we should be able to hear everything they say. So we can hear if the candidate has competent or incompetent staff. We could hear the candidate overrule some advisors and say something else. We could watch the candidates actually think and process information, including, including possibly information that they might not know until a staff member tells them or reminds them.

(43m 22s):
A candidate should be allowed to let staff members actually answer questions for them just as the, oh my God, secretary of State Anthony Blinken answers questions on behalf of the president around the world, as has every Secretary of State in history. That's the way the presidency actually works. The presidency does not involve oral exams and memory quizzes. The president is allowed to forget. So he's gonna show up with a stadium size team behind him. I got, does anyone know anybody got a abortion? I actually, Mr.

(44m 2s):
President, we thought you were gonna be able to handle that one. We didn't bring anybody on abortion. This is so absurd, Glenn. Okay, so we've had presidential debates conducted exactly the same way for 65 years on television. One-on-one going back to the Kennedy Nixon debates. But even before that, you know, we celebrate things like the Lincoln Douglas debates and like these one-on-one debates. This is how we've always held debates. We haven't had like a staff of people behind the person who whispers in their ear or even who overrides them and speaks for them. It's just such a sign of how desperate the situation is for Joe Biden that, you know, one of the few people in the Democratic party influenced Ring, which is Lawrence O'Donnell, who still is clinging to the idea that Biden is perfect, wants to radically change not just how presidential debates are held, but how humans communicate.

(44m 47s):
Like, oh, you don't have to answer for yourself. You get to have like, you know, 40-year-old staffers to prove that you're competent because they speak for you. You know, this is just such a sign of hilarious desperation. Imagine what Amer, you know, Donald Trump would never allow an aid to speak over him or for him. So imagine having like this debate where Biden has like wrong claim and all of Joe Biden's staffers behind him and Anthony Blinken and every time there's a question they like push him aside and answer for him. Like that's supposed to help Joe Biden, Like Joe Biden be out there, hunter Biden, that that'd be helpful. Sure. Joe, Joe and Hunter answering for him. Vouching for what a like a man of character and great values he is. So, you know, I just, I think we're at this stage where it's become a farge like it is parody at this point.

(45m 31s):
You know, it's a very serious matter on the one hand, on the other, I confess to finding it incredibly entertaining just because these elites are getting exposed the way Joe Biden got exposed on the stage for what they really are. And by the way, whoever has succeeded in convincing Donald Trump to stay out of the spotlight for two weeks, to let the Democrats implode on their own genius deserve some kind of like Nobel level prize because that was a miracle that person performed. I don't know exactly who deserves that credit, but it's shocking that they got Trump to do that. but that has been crucial because the Democrats and their media allies are just out war with each other in a way we've never seen. And all they're doing is damaging Biden more and more.

(46m 13s):
And if he does insist on staying on it, it's gonna be bizarre what they've done. They've kind of created this dilemma for themselves where every day they have to go in and act Biden more and more, even knowing there's a chance that he will be their candidate. Yeah, it's like your, your candidate is gonna be one of these two prize fighters. You know, it could be the Russian in the, in the match with Rocky and, but you know, you don't really want the Russian, but you're stuck with the Russian. But what you do, what you do to the Russian, all the days leading up to the big fight is you break his leg and then you break his hand and then you blind him and trying to convince your people that you shouldn't send the Russian. But if the Russian goes into the fight now you've completely hobbled him and he is gotta fight Rocky.

(46m 56s):
You know, it's like there's, it's actually, it is somewhat, I confess, entertaining to watch this whole thing go down. What concerns me more than anything is he's now the sitting president. It would be more entertaining if he were just a challenger. But Biden's now the sitting president and it's provocative, it's dangerous. I do wanna make one point about the debate. So Trump has been very smart. I saw something, I think it was Red Ste, Steven Miller, not the one who worked for Trump, but the other, the commentator, right? The media critic, He, I think it was him. He had a picture of this guy covered in silver duct tape pressed against the wall back like this. His mouth was taped, his body was taped, you know, as some unidentifiable person. And he jokingly said, whoever in the Trump campaign did this to Trump was absolutely brilliant in the wake of that debate.

(47m 43s):
Can't say anything. And now team Biden's getting aggravated because you know, they're looking for a rescue. Say something stupid, please, so that the all me, all the media will focus on you Donald. And he hasn't. He's been remarkably disciplined and then actually went out there and dropped this nugget at a campaign rally down in Florida last night, sought 24. So tonight I'm officially offering Joe the chance to redeem himself in front of the entire world. Let's do another debate this week so that sleepy Joe Biden can prove to everyone all over the world that he has what it takes to be president, but this time it will be man to man, no moderators, no holes barred, just name the plays anytime, anywhere.

(48m 34s):
I'm also officially challenging crooked Joe to an 18 hole golf match right here. It will be among the most watched sporting events in history may be bigger than the Ryder Cup or even the Masters. I will give him 10 strokes aside and if he wins, I will give the charity of his choice any charity that he wants, $1 million. And I'll bet you he doesn't take the offer. And Joe Biden's team promptly responded, we're not doing that.

(49m 15s):
It's a no, we're not showing up to your dumb debate. Actually, they didn't comment on the debate. They only said we're not gonna show up and, and do your golf game. We're busy being president. But noticeably Glenn, they did not take the opportunity to debate him again. Yeah, shocking. I mean, honestly Megan, like the thing that I never thought I would hear in my entire life is something that you just said, which is you use the adjective disciplined and apply it to Donald Trump and I have to stay like it actually applies. And that's what is so miraculous. Like the one hardest thing to do in this world probably is to convince Trump to stay out of the spotlight. Especially when, you know, he kind of has an advantageous position and they've sec succeeded in doing that.

(49m 55s):
And then even last night, you know, this kind of like posturing of like, yeah, let's go man on man. You know, he's been spending a lot of time like at these, you know, fighting events and you know, appealing to his face there. And I think he's always understood Donald Trump has that the entertainment value of politics is something that is very, it's a, it's a serious weapon. He, he, his humor is a very strong potent advantage that he has. And This is the kind of stuff which he rubs. There were moments that were very funny. I'm sorry. Like they weren't, they weren't the nicest moments, but they were funny. We're gonna get into some of that. But very interesting. He challenged him another debate, And, it was declined by silence, right?

(50m 38s):
Glen stays with me, don't go away.

(50m 40s):
I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.

(51m 40s):
Do you ever think, how can I work this hard and still be in debt? The piles of overdue bills, the threatening phone calls, never having money to do anything. It just won't stop. If you are trapped in debt. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed aggressive news strategies to end your debt permanently. Done with Debt stands between you and the harassing bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate with your creditors to lower or even forgive what you owe. And they do it all without bankruptcy or new loans. One client said one phone call saved us a fortune. I wish we did this long ago. Done with Debt has unique strategies to get you out of debt faster and put more money in your pocket every month. But you need to hurry because some debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Visit Done with Debt dot com talk with one of their debt relief strategists for free. You've got nothing to lose except you debt. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.

(52m 43s):
So we began last hour talking about some defections. We talked about Nancy Pelosi starting to send some very different messaging about President Biden, not, not explicitly saying she supports him staying in. And we played Senator Michael Bennett becoming the first Democratic senator to publicly turn on Biden saying it, it is gonna lead to a GOP landslide if he stays in. There have been other senators to, let's say, sound Mely mouth about Biden Senator Chris Murphy. This week will be absolutely critical. The president needs to do more. Senator Patty Murray must, he must do more to demonstrate that he can campaign strong enough to beat Donald Trump.

(53m 26s):
There was a report, a tweet by Dana Bash, which I mentioned that not only Bennett Bennett, but Sherad Sherrod Brown of Ohio, John Tester of Montana also told colleagues earlier this week that they do not believe President Biden can win. And we're being told by people like Joe Manchin, just wait, just wait until the weekend. Just wait. So what's happening? We can't say exactly, but this, the latest is from Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut speaking to reporters outside the Senate this morning. Listen, I am deeply concerned about Joe Biden winning this November because it is an existential threat to the country if Donald Trump wins.

(54m 11s):
So I think that we have to reach a conclusion as soon as possible. And I think Joe Biden as the Democratic nominee has my support. Okay? It's the same message as Pelosi. He's made his decision. He's told everybody the decision is to run. They just refuse to accept that as reality because obviously they have a different plan that is in the works. And what we are waiting to see is how does that play out? What is the plan when the New York Times' anxiety over This is palpable, Glen, where they write the headline is, Democrats panic about Biden but Do Nothing.

(54m 54s):
And they mention some of those senators, but then they talk about the big meetings that the House and the Senate had on Tuesday saying their strategy appears to be do nothing. At least for now they're amping up the pressure. It was actually interesting. Joy Reed of all people is pissed off at the New York Times trying to stand by Biden. Here's how she put it. She might not, she might have a point sought for. They seem laser focused on Biden's age and Acuity with no headlines on the fact that Donald Trump has been showing serious signs of cognitive decline for years. And we do not know anything from any of his doctors as the New York rep, as the New Republics. Greg Sergeant puts it. One thing that's clear from the Biden age story is this, the New York Times knows how to crusade when it wants to, and the New York Times is crusading against Biden's mental unfitness for office.

(55m 44s):
In a way, it's just not doing with Trump. It it, it is noticeable like sort of in a similar way that like the whip up to the Iraq war was noticeable. Yeah, I mean not totally wrong, but what the New York Times is trying to do to Biden. And you know, yesterday we had comfortably smug of ruthless say it's their impotent rage that you're reading about on the front page of the New York Times. They're infuriated that their word is not causing more action sooner. I think it's true of the general media, you know, these cable outlets, these commentators, these activists, these parties insiders, they really expect that they know everything. They really believe that and they expect their decrees to be followed.

(56m 25s):
One of the reasons they're so angry at the American public is because the American public has been refusing to listen to them and follow them. I mean, they've been telling the American public for eight years that Donald Trump is an existential threat to democracy. And yet If, you ask in polls Americans who's a bigger threat to democracy, they'll say Donald Trump or it's 50 50. There's a complete breach between their power and what they think their power should be and what their power actually is. But here's the other thing, Megan. Okay, so they obviously are petrified, I believe that of losing to Donald Trump, but even more so of losing their own jobs in the house and the Senate, they losing their majority, which takes away their power. So even if they were to force Joe Biden out, what is their better solution?

(57m 7s):
The problem that they have is they cannot just push Kamala Harris aside because within the confines of the own identity politics rules that they've created, that would be racism, misogynistic. You can't just like push a black woman aside and put a white man like Gavin Newsom or a white woman like Gretchen Whitmer at the top of the ticket. That would create a huge revolt among democratic elites and black leaders and the like. On the other hand, Kamala Harris people have forgotten is what honestly, I mean, she's one of the worst politicians we've seen in a long time. I think she's even more awkward than Hillary and like more unlikeable. She had Megan every advantage in the 2020 primary.

(57m 50s):
She had all that California money. She comes to California, there's massive democratic donors in California. She had positive press. She was a, you know, a black woman. Kamala Harris is like a smart person. She's like a good smart lawyer. She's capable of those things. She's just not a politician. And her campaign was such a disaster that she had to drop out before the folk first vote was cast. 'cause she was like at 3% or 2%. And the Democratic party base just had no connection to her. Like, she's not a leader of black voters. She's not gonna, like, she doesn't excite black voters or young voters or any of these fairytales that they're telling and Kamala Harris' poison in Sling State. So even if they push Biden out, I don't think they've gotten that far as to think about.

(58m 31s):
Like, well what is, how is that increasing our chances of winning? CarVal suggested Clinton and Bill Clinton and Barack Obama select eight candidates to have a quick mini primary and then hash it out of the convention. George Clooney was kind of suggesting something similar. Here's Trump. Trump, you know, he, he sees all of this, of course he's watching all of this and he started to take some, some shots at Kamala. He gave her a nickname, nickname, nickname, which is kind of like a badge of honor when if Trump gives you a nickname. It was funny. And here he is at that same rally in Florida talking about her yesterday.

(59m 13s):
Whatever else can be said about crooked Joe Biden, you have to give him credit for one brilliant decision. Probably the smartest decision he's ever made. He picked Kamala Harris as his vice president. Oh, it was brilliant because it was an insurance policy. Maybe the best insurance policy I've ever seen. Marco, if Joe had picked someone even halfway competent, they would've bounced him from office years ago. But they can't because she's gotta be, their second choice has no choice and no choice. And you know, they are all co-conspirators in the sinister plot to defraud the American public about the cognitive abilities of the man in the Oval office.

(59m 57s):
Sometimes he's not there often. Laffin Kamala, L-A-F-F-I-N apostrophe Laffin Laffin, Which is based, don't think we didn't do our homework, Glen. I'm moments like this Did.

(1h 0m 37s):
I can first. Oh gosh. It's not just the laugh itself, it's that it comes up at these the weirdest, most inopportune inappropriate times and yeah. So what do you think of Laffin, L-A-F-F-I-N apostrophe Kamala and Trump's back of the hand daughter? Well first of all, you know, you see Trump there and for any media member of the media or the Democratic partisans or whatever who, like, why aren't people questioning Biden Trump's capacity to serve? It's because you just look at him in these rallies. Like all of that was very funny. Like the comic timing was very perfect.

(1h 1m 17s):
It, that's a difficult thing to do. You know, like Biden's in Noble office, well maybe like some of the time he is. And you know, like the whole thing about his, the brilliance of choosing Kamala Harris, so we can't get pushed aside. And then this nickname for Kamala Harris. The, the problem with Kamala Harris, his cackling like that is that it isn't even like she's Laffin at other people's jokes or whatever She does that when she makes what she thinks is a joke and like nobody else laughs and then she spends so much time like cackling demanding that you laugh along with her at her own joke. It, it, it, I I've had people like that in my life. I've seen people do that before. It's, it's so off-putting and like, you know, you're, you like resentful about it that they're like almost demanding that you laugh at their joke.

(1h 1m 59s):
It's so, it's so alienating. And also, yeah, like, it's not like she's Laffin at other people. She's like, look at how funny I am And. It's like nothing you've just said. It's like remotely humorous. And, and so, and like again, like also she like has this posture. I always feel like she just walked it out of a board of directors meeting of like Aetna or like Pfizer or Boeing or something, you know, she has like very corporate posture and every time she tries to like adopt a sort of like more like common person vernacular, it just comes off so fake. It's like when aoc So when she's been swearing lately. Yeah. Or like, you know, just a OC offensively uses like black parlance. I guess she thinks she's earned that, you know, the way Hillary Clinton used to like, use that fake southern accent.

(1h 2m 42s):
You know, these things are just important. Like, and, and also I think the other important part is that every politician has negative things in their background. And because Kamala has never really run for major office on a national level, she ran for vice president, but it doesn't get that scrutiny. There's a huge amount of negative o apo research on her that has never seen the light of day that the Republicans now have tens and hundreds of millions of dollars to pour out. And I think the fact that she is sort of already behind Trump before there's even been any opposition research a against her, I just, I don't know, I think the Democrats are so desperate that they're again, living in a fairy terror world where they think that either they can just brush her aside and none of their base is gonna mind given all the things they've been told about black women and privilege and race and all of that, and gender, or they're gonna go with her.

(1h 3m 34s):
And I, I honestly would rather I, if I were Democrats, I would honestly rather latch my chances to like a very incapacitated Biden than like a cackling Kamala Harris only has four months to define herself to the American public. Yeah. I think they're in denial about, or they've forgotten they've conveniently forgotten or made themselves willfully blind to what a terrible politician she is. I've gotta offer this one soundbite of Trump to the point I I, I preface it with, I realize this is not nice, but it's everyone's Laffin Laffin. I think I know what's coming. Yes. And you know, the person Trump is talking about here has said the most vile things possible about Trump.

(1h 4m 18s):
But here's, so 27 We're leading in Nevada and a waitress came over, beautiful waitress. And I never like talking about physics. She's beautiful inside because you never talk about a person's look ever you never mention the other day I got very angry, some man called Chris Christie fat. And I said, sir, and then he said he was a pig. I said, sir, Chris Christie is not a fat pig. Please remember that he is not a fat pig. Please take it back. And the guy's looking at me like, really? No, we have to defend people. You can't call people fat. So I said about nine times, he is not a fat pig Glen, sir, sir, stop that.

(1h 5m 6s):
This is why people love him is yes a little bit the insults, but just the, the funny makes you laugh. He takes the most serious subjects of the day and people in the news and he gets you to start Laffin about them. I'm sorry If, you deny that. That's funny. You're just not being honest. And like also right also that kind of humor, it's like kind of a multi-level, ironic, ironic humor that takes a lot of mental acuity to do. And this is again, why I think that this idea of trying to say, oh, Trump's imagine Biden pulling something like that off, off the cuff or whatever. No, my god, I saw Trump do that once before, you know, when he was, he said, oh, I just heard a member of the public, a member of the crowd call Chris Christie, a fat pig.

(1h 5m 48s):
Sir, that's not nice. Don't call Chris Christie a fat pig. And this is kind of like a a a version of that. And the reality is, is that remember that the biggest voting block in the US are non voters. People who just don't care about politics, who don't pay attention, who don't think it's worth it Trump's ability to make it entertaining, but at the same time kind of substantive he talk. That's the way people talk in private. Like that's the reality. People make jokes that you're not supposed to make. And I absolutely think that's one of Trump's big superpowers in politics is he can draw people in and make it entertaining and make people therefore want to listen to him. And then the, they hear the more substantive parts too and in a way that democratic politicians just almost have no ability to do.

(1h 6m 33s):
Yeah. And even the beginning of it is funny too. You know, like I never comment on the look, she was just beautiful on the inside. You know, you can't comment on somebody's look Trump of all people. I mean it's just, it's amazing. The whole thing is amazing. Alright, so back to this, the despair inside the White House on the day, on the night of the debate, because I do think this is kind of telling this is by Axios, apparently President Biden's campaign staff feel the way all of us do, which is they have serious doubts about whether he can even do this job at all. There's low morale and disillusionment reports Axios and that forced them to have a second all hands on deck conference call in less than a week this past Monday.

(1h 7m 14s):
This one included Democratic national Committee staffers too. They've been trying to keep these staffers motivated, trying to avoid more defections too, I guess internally, but certainly from donors and from democratic lawmakers. And they brought in Gavin Newsom to say, worry less, just do the work. The campaign chair Jen O'Malley Dillon, she's saying we have to bypass the narrative, I mean real inspirational stuff. And they Axios reports the internal fallout from the debate was made worse by the White House senior leadership not appearing to realize how deeply their own aids were impacted by watching Biden's performance at the Biden campaign headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware. About two dozen Biden staffers and Pro Biden influencers gathered for a watch party as the president fumbled several answers.

(1h 7m 59s):
One person stood up and then laid down on the floor despondent according to a person in the room when the debates video feed was temporarily interrupted. One campaign staffer blurted out, oh thank God, other others watching the debate recounted feelings ranging from shock to anger to sincere concern about the president's health. Is he okay? A Biden aide texted another, another Biden A said, they felt numb. And a final Biden aide summed it up this way. It was in effect the realization of every worst case scenario. That picture of the person on the floor, you know, starfish Glen, like no, no is kind of indicative of what's happened every day thereafter.

(1h 8m 51s):
And that leads me to the Cook political report in those polls we promised it's bad, it's really bad. And everyone trusts cook. They're not, they don't put their thumb on the scale, they just wanna tell you what's real. They talk first about how the race has been very static for much of 24. Where does the race really stand? In the wake of this debate? They say our new national average shows. Okay, we looked at national polls, a curated average of national polls conducted by 21 non-partisan or bipartisan pollsters that we consider reputable and transparent. Three initial takeaways. It's been a remarkably stable race, but Biden's post debate dip represents the biggest polling shift we've seen all year in 2016.

(1h 9m 37s):
Polls between Hillary and Trump Gyrated wildly depending on the news cycle, and they go through some of the history. By contrast, the 2024 race has been locked in and exceedingly narrow trading range with few and fleeting drifts from the default of 46 45 Trump. They say this is mostly because they're both universally known. However, Trump's current lead is now 47 44. So he is up three in the wake of the debate. Hes, they say as as small a drop for Biden as it may seem. It's the most drastic shift we've seen in the race all year. And, it appears to be driven almost entirely by independent voters. On June 27th, Trump led with independence 46 to 44.

(1h 10m 20s):
In our average, they say by two points today he leads by six points. So it was two, now it's six. Most of the partisans have barely moved. All the movements been amongst the independents, then they go through the black and the Latino voters. They say Trump's current numbers with blacks and Latinos are incompatible with any plausible democratic victory scenario. They go back and they look at earlier elections. July of 2020. The forecast was Biden was 75 points ahead with black voters. The final was Biden was 75 points ahead of Trump with black voters. Now the forecast is biden's 50 points ahead with black voters.

(1h 11m 7s):
Just the forecast which they got right the last time is 25 points lower with blacks. Then they talk about Latinos. Last time around Latinos there was a, they forecast a 28 point Biden advantage. It ended with a 33 point Biden advantage. Right now, what are they forecasting with Latino voters? A seven point Latino advantage, yet another massive fire. Then they spend some time on younger voters. They say Biden's numbers with this group were tepid to start the year. They've steadily gotten worse. He, let's see, today our average shows Biden leading Trump with 18 to 29 year olds by five points.

(1h 11m 54s):
Last time around he won young voters by 24 points. If there's a silver lining for Biden, it's his standing among seniors hasn't moved very much at the beginning of February. He trailed with this group 45 to 49. Today he trails 46 to 48. My god, there's no good news in all of this. And it's why six states got moved closer to Republican wins than they were before the debate. So what effect does this have? Well, obviously Democrats in Congress are seeing these exact same things and they respect cook as much as anybody, probably more.

(1h 12m 34s):
So it's kinda like the Bible of Washington. And so I do think after the debate there was a little bit of uncertainty. I know I shared it too precisely because people have long already been saying that they know that Biden's too old, that he's too cognitively declined. The only people who didn't know that or who weren't saying that were people in the media and some Democrats, but the rest of the country was making clear that they already thought that. So I thought there was a chance that if they saw the debate, it would just confirm to them what they already thought, And it wouldn't actually move it. But I think the reaction you had is probably similar to what a lot of them had, which is like, yes, I kind of already knew Biden was, you know, inc. Cognitive decline. But seeing it in that, to that degree, I think on a stage that important was, you know, so extreme that it's, it is kind of shocking to see the sitting president just like looking like a docile, confused, fragile, you know, senile old man.

(1h 13m 24s):
That's, that's alarming. It's scary. It's unpleasant. And yet it is true that the polling members haven't moved much. It's not like a cla cosmic drop for Biden, but in these close races you don't need that. And also I think what's so notable is like usually in, even in the races where Democrats have won like in or lost like in 2016, they still won the popular vote because there's so many votes in blue states like New York and California. To see Biden Trump ahead, not just on the electoral vote, but on the popular vote, is extremely alarming for Democrats. And the other thing I think is so interesting, Megan, is that this again shows the big, big huge gap between the elite class and media and the ordinary voters, which is one of the main gospels about Donald Trump is that he's a racist, he's a white nationalist, he hates black people, he hates Latino people.

(1h 14m 12s):
This is what the media's been saying ever since he came down that escalator. And yet more and more and more non-white voters are migrating from the Democratic party, either to the Republican party or just not voting at all. And if the Democrats don't have massive numbers of black and Latino voters, which clearly they do not, it is extremely difficult to see how they can win. And then as far as young voters are concerned, I do actually think that Biden supports steadfast support for arming Israel, for financing Israel's war, for standing by Israel and the war in Gaza. Young people overwhelmingly do not like that war. I think that has also created a lot of problems for Biden in, in terms of young people as well. And so when you look at it from those demographic categories that you just described, the picture is so dire that it's not actually surprising why Democrats really are getting as desperate as they're obviously getting.

(1h 15m 2s):
Yesterday we, we talked about James Clyburn and how important he is because so far the Congressional black caucus has been the one very reliably pro Biden group in the Congress. And they have been in the wake of the debate as well. And we played the following soundbite when he emerged from that house Democrats meeting who was very strange. But here's what he said at the time, watch, this is yesterday. Did you Speak up in favor of President Biden in There? I didn't speak. What was, was there more people saying Biden should step down or more people saying should step Down. We are riding with Biden, we are riding with Biden. Was that the general Consensus in there? We are riding with Biden. Was there vice?

(1h 15m 41s):
We are riding with Biden. Was there vice, was There conversation about Vice Kamala Harris in there? You a rider by, You're still national camp here, right? Yes I am. Is that the Consensus from with Biden? From everyone in the room, everyone agrees riding with Biden. Do you still support the idea of a mini primary You riding with by, does this comment The ability of Democrats to win back the House, the focus on 2025 and be riding with Biden? Did you re, Okay and just in case you didn't catch that national campaign, co-chair for the reelection of Joe Biden, but he had earlier said we'd be open to Kamala if the president decides not to run. And people took that as, whoa, he's telegraphing. Kamala is good. But then yesterday it was riding with Biden 10 times.

(1h 16m 23s):
Now this just breaking Glen from the Washington Post representative James Clyburn asked by Jacqueline Alemanni whether Joe Biden's decision to remain the nominee is final. The response was quote, I have no idea. You need to ask him again. What we're seeing here is a little wiggle room from everybody, right? Just a little bit more wiggle room. Like I don't know if it's final, Nancy Pelosi, he needs to decide. He already decided he needs to decide. Blumenthal, he, you know, he really needs to make a decision to soon, you know, but I support him. This just happened. Yet another congressman, Democrat representative Pat Ryan of New York came out and said he needs to step aside for the good of the country.

(1h 17m 11s):
It's the same language you've heard from the 11 or so others who have behind the scenes and publicly said he should go. He's an Trump's existential threat to democracy. Our duty to put, put forth the strongest candidate. Joe Biden's a patriot, but he's no longer the best candidate. If defeat Trump for the good of our country, he should go blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Bit by bit. And this is Wednesday, right? We still have Thursday, tomorrow's a presser. And at the same time all of this is happening, Glen, we're getting leaks, more and more leaks about the doctors who have visited the White House, the neurological condition of the President. And then there was this Diddy on NBC. We had a doctor on Bredesen who I like, but who I think is a very pro Biden person who was basically saying, this is about wisdom versus the brashness of inexperience.

(1h 18m 0s):
Okay, here is a neurologist who appeared on M-S-N-B-C yesterday and saw it very differently. Listen, I see him 20 times a day in clinic. He has just this classic features of neurodegeneration, loss of arm swing, standing up, Lally, you notice when he turns it's kind of end block turning. It's not a quick turn. So lot. That's one of the hallmarks of Parkinson's is rigidity and bradykinesia slow movement. And he has that hallmark, especially with the low voice that said was a cold hypophonia, a small monotone voice like this over time is a hallmark of Parkinsonism. I could have diagnosed him from across the mall. Mark shuffling gait, we call that.

(1h 18m 41s):
So little steps, loss of arms swing from the rigidity when we walk, we have a nice cadence. You notice he doesn't really swing his arms and end block turning, meaning he kind of pivots around his foot. If you said, Hey, president Biden, he wouldn't go like this. His motor symptoms are degenerating. He has parkinsonisms that is a fact, Meaning symptoms of Parkinson. He wasn't trying to diagnose him, but he was saying it, you know, it'd be easy to, if I were asked to And it and had, you know, examined him and seen these symptoms. So it's all, you know, you see it all coming together. The the zeroing in on the neurological symptoms, the, the taking advantage or taking paying attention now to the White House visitor logs and who's been visiting him and when and for what purpose. And then the drip drip drip, which the Biden campaign has done.

(1h 19m 23s):
Its best to stop from Congress saying, we need to see more. We need to see more. Yeah, I mean, could you even imagine, you know, NBC news putting on a neurologist a month ago to come on an opine that Biden seems to have Parkinson's. You know, it's like everything And. it shows you what these media outlets really are. They're pure propaganda outlets. They're pure activist organizations. It's, it's extreme. I don't know, maybe I'm focusing on this too much because I think journalism no, you're not are important. I decided to do it. You know, but you, it's like one of the most glaring like mass dropping moments of what their true function is. It's like, why was it, would it be so shocking for them to have put that on a month ago?

(1h 20m 3s):
And now suddenly when they're all engaged in the effort to drive Biden out of the race for their own political and ideological lens, now they're willing to put somebody on like that. And you know, I put somebody on who was more fair to Biden than NBC did in that clip. Exactly. I mean, anyone who would've said that a month ago would've driven out of the public space as somebody who's a crank, who's a, you know, violating their ethical duties as a medical professional or whatever. And now he's given a, a complete platform on n BBC news because these media outlets are absolutely intent. Obviously I'm driving Biden out of the race. And it's interesting because in a war between the Biden White House and the corporate media, it is very hard for me to decide like who to defend and who to root for.

(1h 20m 45s):
Oh, I kind of hope that they just go to war forever. But in this case, I do have to say that I do find there some validity in what the Biden White House is saying, which is, you know, you keep talking about how the only thing that matters is saving American democracy. I am the candidate, I'm the nominee that the voters chose. I won, I won. We had an election that you all said was fair. And so for George Clooney and like NBC executives and like Joe George, bill Clinton, and, and Barack Obama to swoop in and override the voters' will and decide that actually I shouldn't be, the nominee is a total subversion of the things that you claim you're defending.

(1h 21m 29s):
And this of course is the mass dropping moment because it shows that none of these people care at all about democratic values. What they mean by democracy and saving democracy is that their side wins. That's all they mean by that. And this is exhibiting that so clearly I agree with you in principle, but it's like, you know, we both have kids. We can't have this guy commander in chief. Just can't, can't do it. Cannot have it. I I know, but, but that, but that I, I, but I thought that a month ago and I thought that six months ago, and I thought that a year ago like that. That's what I'm saying, you know, it's, it's, well, no, I Know, but I mean, like we, I always felt like that we, I, that's why I'm like, yes, the press is disgusting and and they've been further exposed as we've seen so many times. But he needs to go now. He needs to go right now.

(1h 22m 10s):
He needs to be 25th Amendment to right out of Congress. And by the way, the Republican House speaker was suggesting that that's, they're interested in that too, though. He can't do it. He can't do it with just Republicans. Anyway, there's a new vi I think you've gotta go Glen, but the, a new video of him just dropped. Do you have time to see it or do you have to run? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Think I said I would say one 30. So yeah, it's fine. Okay, I'm pressing your limit, but here he is, Joe Biden meeting with the executive council of the A-F-L-C-I-O. And what you're gonna hear for the listening audience is he, he's randomly grabbing the mic. He starts rambling and then the feed abruptly cuts according to the RNC, which posted the clip reporters are then herded out of the room.

(1h 22m 56s):
I'm, this is my first time seeing it too. Let's watch. I promise I was gonna have a cat that looked like American And. it does. More minorities, more women, more labor. I'm serious. Think about it. That's who we are. That's why we're strong, we're diverse, we're strong. We gotta stop looking at it like it's not a problem, it's an asset. I don't know what just happened there, but clearly who ever was in control did not want him to have an unscripted moment, Glen. Yeah. I mean, you know, but at the same time, because there is now such a concerted effort to push him out, I think all of these moments, like I didn't see anything there that disturbing.

(1h 23m 39s):
I have to say it was more like the camera angle and the abruptness of it. But I think what's now gonna happen is just like they were accusing conservatives of doing a month ago, namely, that they were taking every event and distorting it to make Biden seem more lost and disoriented than he was. That's what they're kind of now gonna be doing as well. I wouldn't be surprised, for example of that, Robert, her video suddenly leaks after Democrats in the media have joined to keep it suppressed. You're gonna see this, as you were saying earlier, you know, they do have a lot of weapons. I mean, for all the talk about how we go into democracy, the establishment centers of power wield a great deal of authority and influence over our politics. They're not just gonna, as you said, like let the House and the Senate be taken away out of their grip without putting up a gigantic fight.

(1h 24m 23s):
And that's what we're now seeing play out in front of us. And on some level, while I say it's entertaining, I also think it's illuminating because it really is giving Americans a very clear understanding of how power is wielded in this country, what is actually meant by democracy, what all these players really are. And it's kind of like a cornered rat, which is what these media outlets and Democrats are. And when rats get cornered, that's when they show their true nature. And that's exactly what's happening here. It's amazing. It's amazing to watch the media continue to expose itself. Oh, thank God you and I do what we do, my friend. Great to see you. Exactly. It's always great to see you, Megan. Great to talk to you. Thanks for having me on.

(1h 25m 4s):
Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.