
We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down? Sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the o's. Oh or the no, no no's no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey Everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show and this special am episode. We are just days away from the election and we have big plans for you when we get to Tuesday. We're gonna be live on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11, as well as live on youtube.com/ m Kelly, beginning at 8:00 PM Eastern Time. It will be an incredible night and we will have your favorites joining me right here in the studio and from all over the country. We've got the Vek, Ramis, Swami Ben Shapiro, so many more.


So go and subscribe on YouTube right now. Looking forward to spending that evening with all of you. Okay, earlier this week, there was this bizarre exchange on CNN that caught our attention. We wanted to take a dive into it. There was a CNN panel that descended into chaos, I think it's fair to say. After Mehdi Hasan, the former M-S-N-B-C host, who was two leftist, even for M-S-N-B-C on the Israel Gaza Conflict, was on the panel and criticized Trump and the speakers at the Madison Square Garden rally before calling the former president and his supporters Nazis. No problem. Just another day on CNN. Then another panelist, conservative Ryan Girdusky responded and the response subsequently has gotten him banned from the network.


I mean, multiple people are coming out and just attacking him now. And there's obviously a clear double standard at play with CNN that we're gonna get into in this exclusive interview with the man at the center of the controversy. And that is Ryan Girdusky. He's a Republican strategist and the founder of the 1776 project.


Cyber attacks are on the rise with corporate mega stores falling victim to data breaches that could expose your private information. Now these same mega stores are lobbying DC politicians to pass the Durban Marshall credit card bill. According to our sponsor, electronic Payments Coalition. This bill could leave you even more vulnerable to credit card cyber attacks while mega stores pocket billions in additional profits. Learn more@guardyourcard.com and then consider telling Congress to guard your card. The electronic Payments Coalition says Americans lose when politicians choose again, that's guard your card.com.


Ryan, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. Well, that was an interesting moment. I'll just play it for the audience and then we'll get your reaction to it. The audience knows we're not huge fans of Mehdi Hasan here at the MK Show, but we're gonna watch this with an open mind. Here it goes. I mean, I'm glad you played that, Claire, because all day long the Trump campaign have been saying it's a comedian. It's a comedian. It's a comedian. It wasn't just a comedian park, the comedian and what he said. And you still have Rudy Giuliani, you still have his childhood friend. You still have his donor saying the pimp handlers. That's right. Just one of those people 10 years ago would've ended a Republican campaign. You didn't even get through all the clips. There was still Tucker Carlson doing replacement. Don Jr. Did replacement.


And then Trump himself turned up and talked about invading and occupying our country, which is the language of the far right. He talked about enemy of the people, which is Joseph Bels. He talked about, he talked about enemy of the enemy within, which is literally Hitler. I mean, these are the, my problem is, I get it. Which nobody wants to be called Nazis. It's very inflammatory. But if you don't wanna be called Nazis, stop Doing, you're called Than's table and people No, by me. I never called you. I okay. I mean, I'm not sitting here saying I don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinians. I'm used to it. Yeah. Well I hope your beeper doesn't go off. The thing is, is that, did you just say I should die? Wow. You should not. No. Did you just say I should be killed? No, No. I did not say that. Hold on. Did You Live tv?


I said I hope, Let, let just stop. You said you The Palestinian Guys. Lemme Palestinian. Are you Am Ryan I Are you a racist, Violent person deciding violence against me? Ryan. Ryan. That's disgust. That is completely i a that Let's have say the Muslim guy that be blown up. I apologize on tv. I apologize. Don't say, Don't say then I apologize. You literally, I thought he said Hama, I Apologize. You didn't think I said Hamas. You didn't. I supported Palestinian, right? Yes, I did. Why? Because when you Hear, what's funny is, Rudy Giuliani said this yesterday. So you're a great guest To be here. Rudy Giuliani. I wasn't Gimme one today. And so at this point, This is What we're in. Now can't, this is America in 2024.


Here's what I'll say. Forget the racism. That's right. It's, I should die. That I should die. Okay, so what happened there, Ryan? Okay, so I, let's just backtrack right before that happened. So I had been on the show, it's my fourth time, technically three times in one quarter. 'cause I didn't last more than a segment. The, the producers had changed the entire script or most of the script right before the show. And I was really irritated. 'cause rather than doing a segment on foreign policy and on inflation, we were doing multiple segments on this. So I went in a very irritated and in the wrong mood, truly, before even this clip played. They played like two and a half minutes of the AM Madison Square Garden speech.


And the woman to my right, a Ashley Allison was, who has been extremely rude to me in the past on the network, was making comments, oh, white man humor. This is white man humor. This is white man humor. Repeatedly, no, no one said, Hey, Ashley, cut it out. Then we go into the segment. And when he said Nazis, he looked directly at me and the former congressman Scott Taylor, who is also a Republican. He wasn't talking about just people at the rally. He was talking about us. And then a man, I, I did not really know a lot me, Hassan, previous to being on the show. I've never tweeted about him. I've never talked about him. But then he said that I had called him an anti-Semite. Now I know his history because of like the 24 hours or 48 hours beforehand that I Googled him.


And he has said vicious things about all a lot of people, especially Jews, especially Israel. So do you, for him to sit there and say someone else who's got Jews in his family, who was the most pro-Israel president of our life, and say he is Joseph Bels. The hypocrisy overwhelmed me. It just literally overwhelmed me. He was not cracked down for calling us Nazis not cracked down for accusing me of calling him an antisemite, which I never did. I literally never did And. it was just, I don't know, I just had enough. And I was just like, you know what? I'm making a snide joke. I don't care. At the point afterwards, Abby was like, Ryan comment down. I don't think you could hear over the over talking.


So I was like, all right, I'll apologize. I'll settle everything down. I did not say I hope there was violence against him, against him. I did not wish him death. He was completely making it up. Segment ends. He storms off. Abby was really quiet. Abby was like, is he leaving? Ashley was like, I think Ryan should leave. I texted the producers. Abby asked me to step out. I said, okay, sorry. I didn't mean to get you in any trouble with any overheads being professional. Said that to the producer and to the talent person at CNN said, you know, it was just a he of the moment. And they said, we understand, you know, it's just like not right for the segment. And then I left and didn't really think anything of it, And, it was just, it was just them blew up extremely, literally pun, no pun intended, but But, it just went crazy.


And they said, I'm banned from the network. This is a network. Now I'm very grateful that CNM had me on as many times as they did in the month that I was on. But this is a network that has people on constantly who say horrendous things about Republicans, horrendous things about Trump supporters, horrendous things about, you know, Trump himself never disciplined And. it was the immense double standards that no conservative can really live by unless they are a self-hating conservative who's gonna sit there and tell 'em all the time. Why I hate, unless you're Adam Kininger, you can't survive in that environment. So I kind of always knew that my time there was ending. I actually thought I would be kicked off the show at the last segment.


Never Saw that. It was, It was a segment with Brian Stelter on accuracy in the media. And I was just gonna sit there and tell Brian on air, you need to apologize for lying repeatedly on this network about Russiagate, about Covid, about, you know, about Stormy Daniel's lawyer that you had on, about, you know, I was going to sit there and have a moment and say, no, you're being lied to on this network constantly because they care about a narrative. And I was like, this will be my last episode, but I'm only in for till the election. So go big or go home. They're never gonna have me back in That. Wait, that never happened. I thought you were referring to the one where you challenged them about the Ferguson effect and that no one made that was, oh, that Happened a week before. Did you have the thing with Brian Stelter? No, I was kicked off before the show, before I could have that moment, but that was my plan to exit on the show.


I know that would've Been better. I know, I know. And I literally, it was just a snide remark that I said, but the, that was my th Okay, well wait, I wanna go through it though. 'cause I, I do wanna go through it because I do understand CNN has very, very high standards and they don't allow incendiary rhetoric on their show. So we, we tried to look through the C NALs just to find if there were any examples. I mean, it was very, very hard. I'll, I'll show you the paltry examples we came up with in stop. 54 Harrison, short term memory as a black lesbian who Donald Trump doesn't believe has genes as good as his, is he going to attempt Exterm me? Why do you believe that he get elected? I believe that Becausecause, he's damn near said it. That's why David, that's why, because he's okay. And I'm not gonna be lectured by some white man who has no idea what he's talking about.


We Have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men. And we have to start doing something about them. There is no white guy ban. Trump is as destructive a person in this century as Hitler, Stalin, and malware in the last century. He may be responsible for many more million deaths than they were Alala Bin Laden. What was a terrorist who committed a horrific act against American people and against our republic. And I believe that Donald Trump is a terrorist who committed horrific acts. You Voted for Trump, you voted for the person who the Klan supported.


You voted for the person who Nazis support humor, Rube demo. That backs Donald Trump. That, that wants to think that, that, that Donald Trump's a smart one and they're y'all, y'all y'all elitist or dumb? I, I don't know. Ryan. I I feel like there might have been a double standard. Yeah. And you know, none of that, those things got covered in the New York Times and the Washington Post Kamala Harris' team sent out memos about my appearance with my comment, because I had formally worked for Senator JD Vance when his campaign in 2022. The amount of negative coverage I got was so overwhelming.


So, so one sided. Because here's the thing that you like to your viewers who don't ever have experience in cable news, here's how cable news like really works. You get a memo and sometimes, as in the case of this show, sometimes as little as 30 minutes before airtime saying this is what you're talking about And. it could have, you could have no experience in that type of conversation whatsoever. So in 30 minutes you have to learn about the subject. Think about what people are gonna sit there and say, think about how you're gonna control the narrative. Because with liberals, you cannot let liberals control a conversation. 'cause it that you always have to control the conversation when debating liberals. You have to know all that. So when you sit there and watch cable news enough and you say, how is this person talking about this issue?


It's because they got booked and just they happen to get pegged with this issue. A lot of 'em are not experts in the, in the issue. They don't have a long time to talk about it. And a lot of it's for their own self-promotion. So it's a very hard and very toxic environment at times. Yes, absolutely. And you know what I mean, as cable news, fights and rhetoric go, like, was this so beyond the pale compared to what we just went through that Donald Trump is actually a terrorist just like Bin Laden, that he's Hitler, Stalin and Mao, that white men can neither lecture their black guest. Yeah, you can't speak to her if you're a white man right from Lemon. Who, who is married to, Sorry, from Don Lemon married to A white man.


Yeah, no, Don Lemon literally is married to a white man and said it's the biggest threat in the world. These people are all hypocrites. And so, you know, I don't know, I, I could have come off a lot smarter. I could have talked about like Trump's polling with minorities. I could have sat there and made a million things. I just didn't care anymore. So I was like, No, here's where, here's went. Where it went south. Okay, so here's where, where it went. South Mehdi Hasan leaned so far into playing the victim. He reminded me of those World Cup soccer players and their drama pretending that they're hurt. So they didn't get a red card or whatever on somebody else. It was over the top. He deserves an Academy award for the, did you just say you want me dead?


You just said you want me to be killed. What is he? It's obviously the beeper thing is a reference to what Israel did to Hamas supporters and members of Hamas where they blew up their beepers and in some cases blew up the men holding the beepers. And he, you were saying if you support the Palestinians, you later said you thought he said Hamas, maybe he has a beeper. That's, I get that's the comment. But he, how do we get from that to I hope you die. Like I I want you to be blown up tomorrow. That was him trying to cause trouble for you. I notice he didn't say, are you saying I'm a terrorist? His implication is therefore I am a terrorist.


So it's, it just is a natural read to sit there and, and say what he's saying. He could have actually had a bigger thing about it and Ashley, Allison would not let it even die down. Even despite Abby saying, okay, let's bring it down. 'cause she has to get control of the show. Yeah, it was, it was, and I, I apologize in the moment she tried to bring temperatures down. 'cause Abby was asking me to stop and bringing everything calmer. I did hear him moss in the heat of the moment because I was getting so irritated after he called me a Nazi and saying that I accused of antisemitism when I literally never heard of the guy four eight hours beforehand or I had no his no, no history. And this is a guy, by the way, Megan, as you said, he wasn't Oh, he was off M-S-N-B-C in part because of his rhetoric.


I don't know if this is low ratings or his rhetoric, but low rhetoric was very, very toxic. And he has said things the He call, well, we have some of that standby. Oh, okay. By the way, I just wanted to correct myself. It wasn't Haba Hamas with, it was Hezbollah with the beavers. But here's a little bit of Mehdi Hasan over on M-S-N-B-C. Is It fair to describe the modern GOP as neofascist or proto fascist? Florida's gone from, don't say gay to don't say black. Now he's graduated from whitewashing black history to simply erasing it. This is what the Republican party is now. It exists to play up fears and push ideas of right wing victimhood. America's far left wants to give us free healthcare and free childcare.


America's far right wants to give us white supremacy and no democracy. Palestinians live under a regime of apartheid if the election deniers on the right win in 2022 in November next month. To me, democracy looks like it's over in America. Fascism is here to stay. Woke is often used by conservatives as a way to complain about black people and black activism. I think Israel is the occupier of the West Bank and Gaza called after nine 11. And the launch of a So-called global War on terror xenophobia, and specifically Islamophobia became rampant here in the US we had to be protected from the dangerous brown hoards at our borders. That's just a small sampling. But I mean, if you poured over many Hassan's Israel commentary, you, you would not emerge confused about how much he loathes the state of Israel And.


It's not just that he's a Palestinian supporter. I mean, I listen to John pdo or at commentary all the time. He, I mean, he would tell you openly, this guy's an antisemite and it's very clear from his, he, he certainly has called him that I think, I'm trying to remember specifically. Yeah, Ben Shapiro does. There are many people who believe that about Mehdi Hasan. I mean, he's been extremely biased against Israel that that'll find passed his fine on CNN. But what you said caused an absolute meltdown. So why do you think that is? Why? Because, you know, I told people at CNN that, well, I told the talent team at CNN when I first was asked to come onto the network, that I am not a Republican who apologizes for being a Republican.


I'm not a white man who apologizes for being a white man. I don't, I don't care. Like I'm not here for your narrative. And the talent team said, that's okay. And my first show I did with Van Jones and went great. And I had a good viral moment out of it talking about polling. And then the second one was about, as you said, mentioned before the Ferguson effect. And when I talked about crime, they all looked at me like, how could you possibly be saying this And? it was, I was going against the narrative. And actually in the first segment, in the first show I ever did with Van Jones. Van Jones said, my party believed in a lot of crazy things back in 2020. And I said, yeah, it's called Black Lives Matter. Black Lives Matter has a lot of crazy things that they believed in.


And at that moment, it was the first show I ever did. And Abby was like, wait, what? And I remember, like, Abby's looked to me, we didn't go into it, but I was not gonna be pushed around. And I think when I did the Ferguson effect comment And, it really was a big story. And Fox covered and other people covered it because Abby had, Abby said I was making the term up that I term made the entire thing up. Abby Philip the anchor happy. Lemme show it. Ryan, we actually had that clip standby and I'll, I'll let you take it on the back end here it is. In the context of riots, he was saying, let's just bring the military into it to deal with American citizens. I mean, that happened yesterday, Right? But there are, the post George Floyd riots resulted in excess of over 15,000 black male deaths in this country.


How? How, yeah. The vi the surge of violent crime. It was like Ferguson, the Ferguson effect and the Florida effect respectfully. So you gotta you gotta explain to me how George Floyd's death. Yeah. That didn't causation You really Are what Ryan we gotta stop you there because you're literally making a connection out of your own conjecture. You cannot just, It's real thing. Look up, look up the Ferguson effect. Look up the Floyd effect. You cannot, you cannot say that what happened during that time period is to blame for the deaths of other black men due to violence or, or what Have you. I 100% happened. But, But, but that, that literally, and and my point to you is that makes absolutely no sense in Terms of connection. I don't, I I I will read it. Okay. And then I will fact check the sources that Sure.


Go actually wrote that. They, It, it, it won't take long to fact check it. It's right there. I don't know about the 15,000 number, but there's zero question that many black men and black women have died in these cities as police pulled back. Yeah. So if you look at the excess deaths from where our starting number was in 2013 to 2022 or 2023, whatever the last number was, it's well over 10,000. And if you add car accident deaths, 'cause there was a decrease in cops pulling over cars with black drivers in them that led to an excess of car accident deaths, you would get to the 15,000 number. Abby wrote the story on the Ferguson effect for the Washington Post 10 years ago.


Oh, that's amazing. There is no way She didn't know what it was. There's absolutely no way CNN covered it. CNN covered The focus. Right. I remember that. And them saying it doesn't exist, and I'm sorry, but, but Bakari Sellers who was the gentleman arguing me, he is a professional race hustler. There's no way he didn't hear about it. And, and other ones sat there and said, yeah, it's real, but it's not, it's not true. Which is fine. You can argue the merits to say it's not didn't, I'm making it up on the spot. Like I would just automatically just think of all these words and throw 'em together and these accusations, I, after that show, I was like, I'm not gonna be on this network much longer. Like there's no way. Yeah, You were on a thin read, now it's all coming together.


Ryan, you were on a very thin read, so there's no tolerance for you. So, okay, so the, the segment ends like in the middle of the thing, and then they pull you aside and they kick you out. And then CNN issues a statement after the fact that reads as follows, there's zero room for racism or bigotry at CNN or on our air. I, unless it's against white men, in which case it's fine because we just gave them all some of the examples, Ryan. And we hear that this woman sitting next to you kept, keeps calling you, calling it white man, white man humor. What does the race have to do it? Okay, whatever. Fine. We aim to foster thoughtful conversations and debate, including between people who profoundly disagree with each other in order to explore important issues and promote mutual understanding.


But we will not allow guests to be demeaned or for the line of civility to be crossed. Ryan will not be welcomed back at our network. We are too highbrow for the likes of Ryan. That's what they tried to say. And then Abby Phillips, who is honestly like, I was open-minded to her when she first got her show. I watched a little bit here and there she is, she is a wolf in sheep's clothing. She's got like this sort of sweet way of sounding and she's got this calm demeanor and she is as leftist as Nicole Wallace. I mean, she is committed to Kamala Harris. I've watched it enough to know here's what she does. She goes out on the air Monday night as you're, you know, twisting on the vine and says this, I wanna just address what happened in the last segment.


And first I wanna apologize to Mehdi Hasan for what was said at this table. It was completely unacceptable. When we get this discussion started, you'll see that Ryan is not at the table. There is a line that was crossed there. And it's not acceptable to me, it's not acceptable to us at this network. We want discussion, we want people who disagree with each other to talk to each other. But when you cross the line of a complete lack of civility, that is not going to happen here on this show. The line of civility does not include a black woman saying that Donald Trump is going to exterminate me or refusing to be lectured to by a white man.


Because white men don't have the right to speak to black women on CNN in the way we saw in that clip. This is such an absurd theater. Like I, I barely have tolerance for it to, to just to watch them cloak themselves in this holier than thou act as though this is CNN, how dare you come and pollute their airwaves. But this is what they've chosen to do. And then I'll just give you one more, Abby Philip then goes out and, and wants to reassure everybody that Mehdi Hasan had also left the set, but not because he'd been thrown off because he's allowed to say whatever he wants. Here she, here she is, As you may have seen, Ryan was asked to leave the show and we have put out a statement saying that he's not welcome back on our air.


There is a line here on this program, And, it was crossed. But I wanna be clear as well that we did not ask Medi to not come back. In fact, we really wanted him to come back and finish the show. We had a lot to talk to him about. And we really hope that he'll join us again soon. But for those of you who are wondering why he did not come back, I just wanna be super clear that that was not in any way because we didn't want him back. So he's fine, he's fine. He can act like you called for him to be assassinated, which is not at all what you did, but you're gone forever.


It's the thing, it one, truthfully, I mean Abby has always been nice to me off air, always on air. She always cut me off and, and fought with me and said things they said weren't true, but off air. She was very pleasant. So I have nothing personal against her whatsoever. I also, I Have nothing personal against her. I just professional. I'm Just hack Hack What? Well, yeah, because you, so that Ferguson episode, she asked Bakari Bakari off commercial break was like, it's not gonna be close. We're gonna know on election night she's gonna win, she's gonna be in DC And Abby was like, Abby said off there, like she's like, I gotta be in DC then when she wins, I gotta be there for the first black female president And. it was, you know, there's no if ands or buts, that's who she's rooting for.


And I get it. Like, whatever, that's fine. That's the game. And also, I'm not on scene anymore. I will live, I will carry on. It will not be the worst thing I've ever happened to me in this life, trust me. But that was, but that is, there is an open bias. And every single time you would go to do the show or any of the shows on CN that I did, the both shows that I've done on CNN, you every angle is a negative Republican angle. Every angle you have to sit there and be on the defensive unless you control the topic. So, you know, I I had to sit there and say something to control the topic at all times. Was it uncivil? Sure. Was it anything more uncivil than what Don Lemon said on the network or what, or also was it more untruthful than what Brian Stelter has said on that network?


I mean, or anybody else. They are so much vitriol and this is how much people have watered down the term nazim to the point where like, you know, he medi sat there and said that Trump is using the words of Joseph Garble. Like I know. And that was what irritated me, you who have said things. He called all non-Muslims animals. He called gay people pedophiles. He has said horrendous things in his past and I don't care, he apologized. Whatever. That's fine. He has said horrendous things in his past. You have had, he has said much more of the vitriol closer to those people than Donald Trump has. Yes. And you're not allowed to say that. Yes. Otherwise, you're, you're just an angry white man.


I'm like, all right, whatever. Don't have me back on your, your show with a 200,000 view viewers and like 89,000 in the prime demo. I mean, it's fine. Exactly. It's totally fine. I won't do it. It's okay. Far, far more people will see you on the show than saw you on, on that appearance. Not only did did they let him get away with calling Donald Trump gbls, but Hillary Clinton was on their air a week earlier, may not, not even days earlier saying this was an MSG, this thing was a Nazi rally. Here it is. Watch. And you know, one other thing that you'll see next week, Caitlin, is Trump actually reenacting the Madison Square Garden rally in 1939.


I write about this in my book, Reenacting President Franklin Roosevelt was appalled that neo-Nazis fascists in America were lining up to essentially pledge their support for the kind of government that they were seeing in Germany. So I don't think we can ignore it, But they won't allow the line of civility to be crossed at CNN Ryan. Got it. Do we understand each other? Earlier in that segment, before I said the beeper joke, I said that people were comp saying everyone who attended that rally was a fascist. And Abby said, that's just not true. Well, they set it on her network.


Does she not even watch CNN? Like it is mind blowing the fact that everyone in that audience has to be gaslit and every once in a while the truth's allowed to leak out. Democrats either have a real moment or they have a smart Republican on not for very long usually, but that does happen occasionally. But the narrative that has to be controlled, that they have to be pro Harris. That if you have a thought that you know, that racial equality has moved anywhere from the 1950s, if you have a thought that we could have like, you know, real facts over crime or other major issues. I said in one segment in the, in another episode, how our immigration system was bringing over so many men, millions of Muslims over the last few decades.


We will soon have a country that has more Muslims than Jews and that will affect our policy towards Israel if we continue our current immigration system. And one of my co-panelists goes, how do you think that that makes Jews feel? You saying that out loud? I was like, I don't know. I just said a fact. I don't, you know, they could feel however they wanna feel. I don't, I'm not here to sit there and tell them how to feel. I'm telling them facts that is based on real data. And if you don't like that, then you should approach your congressman about our immigration policy. But that's not for me to sit there and say, that's for me to sit there and say, here's a fact. I'm on a news channel talking about information, you know, and interpreting in some ways. But I'm not telling an open lie.


So let me ask you this. What if you could have a do-over on that segment, what would you do differently? I probably, I probably would've waited till the Brian Sellr thing to go off. Honestly. I would've just sat there and said, if Trump is so racist as you have screamed on this network for the last decade, why is his support with blacks, Muslims, Jews, and Hispanics at all time high levels? Because nothing you say matters. That's what I probably would've said. Wait, the Brian Stelter thing then called CNN fake news and then left in Blas of Glory. Anyway, but that's what I'm, that's what I would've done. Do you have any regrets about apologizing? I, no. I did it to be civil in the moment. I mean, it wasn't like the most sincere thing in the world. I'll admit But. it wasn't, I didn't, I didn't do it.


I, I did it. And 'cause Abby was the host and she said, bring it down a not, she said, okay, I'll bring it down a notch. I'll apologize 'cause I'm, you know, I'm a man and if someone says they insult me and then they apologize five seconds later I brush it off. I'm like, okay, fine. You know, in, in A different time. See, I think it's, I don't, I really don't think it was necessary. If had I been anchoring that segment and you said that I would've recognized it as a, you know, a little too far and I would've said, all right, hold that. We're not gonna be doing the beeper jokes here. And and he would've been like, yeah. And you would've been like, okay, I, you got me. And that would've been it. We would've moved. Yeah. They blew you up again, pardon the pun on purpose. They saw an opportunity to humiliate you and embarrass you and act and virtue signal to their audience that they're better than you because they don't talk like that on CNN.


And they took it and they made do their sacrificial lamb. You know, it was good. As this audience knows, I'm very, very much in favor now of cancel culture because it separates people who don't belong in an organization from that organization. And almost always that endures to the benefit of the person who's been separated. So you are now liberated from this prison of words where you're allowed to say all bad things about the white guys, but not one bad thing about Mehdi Hasan in jest that he then gets to use to make himself sound like he's a persecuted man. I hope you feel okay about it and I'm sure we'll be seeing a lot more of you. Yeah, I, you know what, this is not my day job. It was never my dream. I do school board elections for the 1776 project pack.


That's my big thing. We've been doing it for three years now. It's super successful. I don't dream of ever, I was never gonna get a TV show. I was never gonna be anything big. It was, it was a blip in the map. And I'm back to school board elections now. Well, I enjoyed your stint as the person saw. Thank you. We'll miss you here at the Megyn Kelly Show, but maybe we'll see you again right here. Alright, that'd great. Thank you. Thanks for coming on. Alright. What an interesting exchange, right? It's just the, the sanctimony of CNN. Please spare me. Alright, coming up. I'm gonna answer your questions. Don't go away.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it's a sad reality for some American homeowners. And it's a risk for anyone who owns Property House stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name. Then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com. Or just use the link below.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM The Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLING.


Now it's time for asked and answered where I answer some of the questions that you guys send us via email. Keep 'em coming at Megan. You can email me at MEYN at m Kelly dot com here to bring this week's latest. My executive producer Steve Kra hour. Hey Steve. Hey Megan. How's it going? Alright, we've got our first question from Sam who is a Democrat viewer and listener of the show. He says he disagrees with some of your policy issues but values the show to keep you him informed. And his question is, do you think there's a scenario where Trump could legitimately lose next week and concede? I think so.


I think it would have to be a landslide. I, I mean, I think it would just have to be indisputable where she just crushed him. And then I think even Trump, I mean he'll complain and he'll say it was stolen and he'll say it was unfair and the media and all those things, but I don't think he'll continue with the behavior we saw last time. Now I will say like he wouldn't say in advance of 2020 that he would concede if he lost. And I remember doing a hit with somebody saying he's, he's not gonna do that like he will concede. And he did ultimately leave office. I don't know if he ever, ever really cons conceded, but I underestimated just how committed he was to his threats in 2020.


I think it will be a little easier this time if he loses though because he is not in office. You know, it's not like being fired and forced to leave the White House, which has an extra element of, you know, just failure to it and not disgrace, but you know, embarrassment, which Trump does not handle well as we know. So I think if he loses in a landslide, he will concede. But anything short of that and buckle up. That's right. Yeah. By the way, people forget, you know, he left as the tradition. He left a very nice note for Biden and he, and it's, it's, it remained private, but he left that note, the, the good luck in your term that, that Biden said was a very nice note.


So he did walk away from the White House. He Did, he didn't go to the inauguration, which no We didn't like because we like to see our outgoing president show up at the new president's inauguration and show that America matters more than anything. Like we're, we're classy. We're still Amer, we're Americans first. And we don't let these petty political grievances spoil these moments of pageantry in our country. That didn't happen, which I think many people did not like. And we know we've never seen somebody contest the peaceful transfer of power quite the way that Trump did with the J six, all that stuff. That's why people are holding it against him. Right. But ultimately he was not forced out of office and the system held, the system did hold the courts did what they did.


He is still angry about it. But Trump did leave office and we had four years of Joe Biden and we all saw how that worked out. Go ahead, Zif. That's right. All right, this next one is from Tiffany. She says she appreciates the show, especially how you speak your mind with quote no fear. Her question is, what has been the most influential factor in building your confidence? Oh, well, okay. I have two thoughts on it, Stephanie. Number one, I do my homework. And so if you really, really know your subject matter, it gives you confidence to speak about it. And I always say the following to people, like if somebody said to you, Stephanie, explain why your hair is the color it is.


You could walk them through exactly why your hair is the color it is. Well, my mom's hair looked like this or my, you know, I, my mom's hair looked differently than mine did, but so I dyed it and this is the color. I dy it and I go to this guy and he whatever, whatever the story is. But you could speak about it confidently and really add details on it because it's something you know better than anybody. Well just apply that knowledge base to anything, you know, to the news, to Trump, to Kamala, to policy, to Medicare. It could be anything. And as long as you really know the subject matter, you can speak about it confidently. So it's really the number one thing is homework. And then the second thing is, to the extent I have any sort of natural confidence, it is very much due to my parents who never, never gave me any false praise.


Never, never, never, never one could make the case. They were, they were slightly too brutally honest, But, it had its gifts. Right. It gave me a very good sense of self-awareness. And I don't think I'm good at things that I'm not good at. And I don't really think I'm bad at things that I am good at, right? Like I think I have a really good read on what my talents or weaknesses are, which does help one's confidence. 'cause it's like you're not constantly swinging and missing, you're not constantly getting different feedback from the world than what's in your head. You know, it kind of matches up, which gives you more confidence to take another risk if your instincts are telling you to, to take a risk and so on.


I really do think that faint praise is a deep problem. We try not to do it with our kids. I think I'm a little sweeter than my mom who I love, but that kind of worries me too. 'cause her system worked very well in, in this way. So anyway, that, that's, that's my thought on it, Stephanie. Yeah. Self-awareness. So huge. Well that kind of dovetails with the next one here. This is from Brie who says she's so impressed with your ability to stand resolute in your opinions. She wants to know if you believe your strong principles and moral centeredness are more of a result of innate nature or early nurturing. Hmm. I think, I think that one is nature, not nurture.


I, I was always sort of like an outgoing person when I was young, but I wasn't running around like having to tell everybody my opinions on things or having to dominate the discussion. And even in my personal life right now, I would definitely say I'm more of a beta, you know, on a personal basis. If I go out to dinner, I don't have to dominate the conversation. I'm ha thrilled actually to let somebody else run her at the dinner table and just, just take in the show. In fact, I'm attracted to people with big personalities where they're the ones who are on and sort of the stars. But I think to the extent you're having that impression about me, I think it's just because I, I'm steeped in the news and in these subjects so I feel comfortable talking about them.


And if somebody wants to hear from me on them, I'm happy to to speak, right? Like I do know my facts back to the earlier question and I'm happy to walk somebody down the lane where I, where I get like more assertive and more like dominant is when I hear a bunch of nonsense being spewed in my presence. And I will tell you Brie, I try to hold my tongue for as long as I can. And then if the person keeps pushing me, eventually I'm gonna have to let 'em have it. It doesn't happen often, but there was this one crazy dinner that we had years ago and the person who was at the other end of the table doing this was the skier Bodhi Miller.


And he was saying all sorts of stuff about cops and black men And. it wound up in one of the most epic social nights of our life. But. it was because of that. While normally I would not attack Bodie Miller, who I really admire and think is accomplishment serves just second to none. Eh? He was out of his lane and he was saying a bunch of nonsense. So that's when I felt compelled to speak up. B Brie, I'm sure you're not surprised. I'm sure she's not. All right. Well that was great. Keep him coming. The next time we do this we'll be after the election or at least after election day. Oh my gosh. There's, I think we're gonna have a few things to talk about. I'm, I'm predicting I can see in the future and I predict we'll have plenty to discuss the next time we do one of these extras.


That's right. Absolutely. See you Then. Alright, thanks everybody for writing in. It's Megan at m Kelly dot com and thanks to Steve as well. We're back later today. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank, call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.