
Meta's Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all, everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no Nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM Rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM. The Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the D MV bet. MG M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called one 800 GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the ME Kelly Show. It's Friday and like Sands through the Hourglass. So are the days of the Trump transition. Yes. In this latest episode of the Capitol Hill Soap Opera Combat bets are sparring over who should lead our troops. The first star of our series was Matt Gaetz. Gone But Not Forgotten. And the current is Thirst Trap.


Pete Hegseth. Yes. I refer to him that way because, well, I will show you why in one minute. This is what they're, they're calling him online. Could Joni Ernst the possible villain in our soap opera be the one who stands in his way or will jar horse Governor Ron DeSantis in his Navy Whites ride in from the sunset and declare himself the victor. Joining me now to discuss all of this and breaking news in the New York trial of Daniel Penny, one of our favorite guests, Maureen Callahan, columnist for the Daily Mail. I told Steve Callahan we should get like some sort of an animation for like the soap opera of as the Transition Turns.


And he did it. It's Amazing. I love it. The Music Perfect score, right? Yeah.


Is the education system the cause and solution to the biggest problems Facing America? Check out a fantastic podcast from Prager U that's tackling difficult topics and conversations through the lens of education. Real talk with Marissa Stripe as a mother former educator and the CEO of Prager U Marissa believes that education got America into the mess we're in and that it will get us out. This is why she built the pro-American nonprofit PR U into a disruptor in education with videos that reach millions of young people every single day. During her show, Marissa interviews leaders in business education, mental and physical health and world affairs. Her guests include Tulsi Gabbard, Douglas Murray, Michael Knowles, and many more. Together, they cut through the noise and get to the heart of complex issues all from their perspective of an educator and parent. Join Prager, u's fastest growing podcast. Subscribe to Real Talk with Marissa Streit on your favorite podcast platform. Or just watch prager u.com/real talk.


We'll get to what's happening with that Dan Daniel Penny case in a minute. It's, it's actually amazing. The quick update is the jury appears hung on the most serious crime against Penny. He's the man who put Jordan Neely in a choke hold. The, You know, homeless vagrant who was threatening passengers, but also a really great Michael Jackson impersonator, which is all you would know about him from the headlines of the mainstream media. Correct. And the man wound up dying. Anyway, the jury should not be having this much trouble. It should be very easy, I think, to say not guilty, but the, they're having trouble. And we'll give you the specifics in one second. We're gonna start with Pete Hegseth This morning. Trump tweeted out, or truth doubt, support.


Support for Pete, making clear he does stand by him. That was very good news for Pete saying, Pete Hegseth is doing very well. His support is strong and deep, much more so than the fake news would have. You believe he was a great student. Princeton, Harvard, educated with a military state of mind. He will be a fantastic high energy Secretary of defense, one who leads with charisma and skill. Pete is a winner, and there is nothing that can be done to change that. So that's the best thing that's happened to Pete in a while. He posted it this morning at 8:00 AM and my information continues to be that Pete's got of still an uphill battle in the Senate because there's probably no way Co Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska will vote for Pete and that Mitch McConnell hates Trump and is ready to vote no on anybody who's controversial.


That could include Pete, probably will include Pete. And then there's Joni Ernst of Iowa Red State who says she hasn't made up her mind. She's not yet a no, but I mean, I know her a bit and she's got a whole career of caring about sexual assault in the military and trying to clean that up. And she herself is a service member. And this is something she's been priding herself on as a US senator. And this is her committee, the Senate Armed Services Committee. So it's her bailiwick. And I don't think she's in love with Pete, Seth, And I think she actually could be a no. Notwithstanding the pressure, I'm sure she's getting, she hasn't said no yet.


But that would do it. That would kill the nomination. Having said that, there is a groundswell of support for Pete happening right now amongst the troops, which is gonna be very hard for any one of those four to resist if it gets loud enough. What do you make of that? I agree completely. And I think, well, there are two things. I was listening to you yesterday and your point about if Pete Hegseth is the next sacrificial lamb, what will happen when RFK Junior's turn comes up? Right. Oh boy. Right. Secondly, the way the mainstream media has been reporting upon this allegation of sexual assault is disgusting.


I listened to you take it apart. I too had read that thing front to back. I love things on paper. Yeah. Police reports, depositions, the color and the detail you get is so vital. And what struck me so much about that, that claim by that woman was, she sort of was protesting a little bit too much in her text messages. Oh, Pete Hegseth, do You know who this guy is? I don't know who he is. All the women here are going crazy over him. Oh, he's on Fox News. Fox News. Like, okay. Little bit of fame. She's inserting herself into his attempts to come onto this other woman who wants nothing to do with him. And she's sort of triangulating and trying to become the woman who he selects to go home with.


She inserts herself so much that she, he's, he says she wound up in my hotel room. I mean, there she was. And I think the detail that really stuck out for me, And I think what, aside from trying to cover this up from her husband down the hall with the kids after the interlude takes place, and Pete completes The act, the Act on her stomach. This is graphic, but this is what it is. This is where we're at. He grabs a towel and he tosses it to her and says, you can clean that up. And that, I think, was the insult that broke her. I think that broke her.


I think that was like, oh, oh. I was just used, I was just, I was just a warm body. I was the one left at the end of the night. That whole thing, front to back stinks to high heaven. Hello. When he didn't flirt with you the whole night, when you thought it was in your purview to lecture him on how he treats women. 100%. She's his handler. Right. Getting him back to his hotel room at one 30 when you go into his room on your own and have sex with a man who is a stranger to you, expect no better. Exactly. Expect no better. And that applies to her and all women. It's not that other women haven't made this same mistake and been treated just as, You know, with the equal amount of disregard.


But I guess people have to learn this like firsthand because ho honestly, I you're, you're really not asking, you're not demanding to be treated any better if you agree to go into somebody's bed like that. A Hundred percent. 100%. And so this rape allegation and that he paid her money to go away, which, You know, the whole thing is just, it's so dispiriting because I do wish we had better choices. Mm. You know, it seems that positions like this, positions of extreme power, do they tend to attract a certain kind of male who is a bit reckless in their personal life? Who has an ego that needs to be fed to this degree? You know, I think it's a different thing. Do I think it's that right now under Trump, we have a few, You know, nominees with questionable pasts.


And, and with Pete, I will limit my remarks to just the stuff that he's admitted. You know, tr cheating on all three of your wives is not a badge of honor. But I think that there is something about people who are attracted to Trump and to maga that is admirable. That's, we like it. But it may come with some scars on the guys and the gals where you're ready to fight, you will fight convention. You'll middle finger, even the the Pentagon brass. Like f you, I'm not going by your rules anymore. And it does require sort of a rebellious streak, which isn't developed overnight, You know? And so it can come with some bumps and bruises that you wouldn't see on your typical sec def nominee.


But net net could be a benefit to your performance in the job. We're just not used to this. We don't usually nominate candidates with those kinds of scars. Usually they've been deal breakers right from the get go. But after we put a commander in chief in place who cheated on three wives, we're like, eh, you just kind of have to reevaluate whether you're gonna continue making these the standards. 'cause I guarantee you, mark Millie probably has an impeccable past when it comes to wives. And I like, he probably does. We don't care. We're so over Him. It's so true. You know, the whole, so remember David Petraeus? Yeah. Pushed out over that Rolling Stone expose because he cheated on his wife.


Yeah. With his biographer. With His biographer who he called a mentee. And the like, the thing that, that I take away is, I hate the fact that mentee is in the lexicon now. It, the proper word is protege and everyone has mentee. But regardless, Petraeus was like a five star general, and he was the one everybody thought was gonna crack Iraq in Afghanistan. And he, he had to be thrown on the pyre because he cheated on his wife. You know? So listen, I agree. We Were so cute back then. I Know. Were we adorable? Yeah, we were adorable. It, it's, yes. I don't think that we should be holding whether someone cheats on their spouse a as a, as a marker of Are they a great leader?


Yeah. More presidents than not have cheated on their spouses. Yes. FDR cheated on his wife. Yes. You know, so, but I do think it's the, it's the, it's the trail of just sexual predation that sticks with some of these guys. I don't think that Pete Hegseth is in that realm. I do wish, I think he's done a great job fighting back this week. I kind of wish he would dial back the Jesus Christ stuff interest. Why? I do. I think it's trying too hard. I think it's, it's smacks of trying too hard. Does It not strike you as authentic? Not really. Oh, fascinating. I think, I think he, he believes it.


But I think, You know, what would your mother say if you brought a guy like that home? She'd be like, A leopard doesn't change its Spots. My mom would be like, he's gorgeous. Well, he's Gorgeous. He is. He's a really good looking guy. And Timothy Olefin should play him in the Made for TV movie when this is all wrapped up. But No, but if I think about like, would I want my daughter marrying a man who had cheated on all three of his wives and she was maybe number four? No, the answer would be hard. No. Hard. No. So it's what I don't even, I lost my train of thought. No, You're just saying like, it's hard because you're, it's, it's not like you would necessarily bounce him because of the infidelity. Oh, it's The Jesus stuff. Okay. So what I think, what's striking me strange about that is I would, I, I think a middle lane approach would be more, would seem more authentic, which is I made some mistakes.


I really did. I have been working hard. I believe I have become a better man, a better father, a better husband. No one is perfect, please, you cannot beat me up more than I've beaten myself up. Something like that, You know, but like a sudden Right. Word turn. But I Think it's genuine because, I mean, I know what you're saying. I haven't heard Pete do a lot of Jesus talk. So that was new to me too, to hear him talk like that. But I think what happened was he cheated on wife number two with Jen Roche, the former Fox and friends producer. He impregnated his affair partner, the second wife divorced him as soon as Jen gave birth to the baby.


Jen also had, I think, three kids from her. She was cheating as well. And that can be a catastrophic moment in somebody's, I mean, that no question that was traumatic on all parties involved. And I think that kind of thing can lead to some reflection. Like, and then the mother's email, which was a good email. I mean, I feel like the mom is a good mom. Like, get your ass in shape. I'm ashamed of you. That that's good. That's good parenting. Ideally it happens early in one's life earlier than it did be. Right. But I really believe that it could have knocked him straight. And that's when he joined this church and that's when he wound up getting the tattoos. Like, you are not gonna tattoo your body like that if you're not actually feeling faithful and connected.


So I think there is some evidence that it's legit. And I don't know Pete to BA liar, nor have I seen a past that suggests, of course, while he was cheating, he's lying. But I just mean outside of that context, I, he, there's no evidence that he's, he's led a life of deceit outside of this strain of being a womanizer. Yeah. I think it might just be a personal thing with me. I have found, You know, I'm the product of like 12 years of Catholic school, And I have found the more that people invoke Christ, You know, vocally and often as their personal savior, the, like, it's usually indicative of something else going on. It, it's, they're, they're, they can be like the S by the lie thing, the Christian exactly like this by the lie thing, they can be the least Christian people and the most rigid and the most und understanding of gray areas.


Hmm. And so that's where, for me, I kind of feel like it's, maybe he doesn't intend it this way. Certainly give him the benefit of the doubt that it's, that it's genuine, but it can feel a bit like shorthand. Like, trust me now, I, I have religion. I found faith. Trust me now. So you're like, whether it's genuine or not, stop mentioning it because it's like, don't use the Lord's name in this context as your like witness of, of your character change. It seems like too much. You're coming on too strong. It Does seem it's a little strong. Yeah. Well It seems to be working a little because Trump is, You know, this tweet, this truth social that he posted. He wouldn't have done that if he thought Pete was dead in the water. And, You know, the confirmation hearings have not yet started.


Right now. It's not looking like they necessarily will pull Pete before we get there. Right. I'm I'm also hearing that the Ron DeSantis rumors are not necessarily real. That there's no goodwill between Trump and DeSantis, though they are now reportedly going to the army Navy game together. I don't know when that is this week or next week. And, but there's rumors that that DeSantis team, they're the ones behind pushing his name and that Trump may be playing with him, but he's not actually going to give him a post like that. That Is so funny. And You know, Susie Wiles, who's Trump's chief of staff hates Ron DeSantis. Oh, well there you go. She worked for him and it, it ended, ended badly.


So that's an another piece of palace intrigue. And then let me give you another piece of reporting that I can give you here. Okay. I wanna make sure I get it correct. There is the non-disclosure agreement between Pete and the accuser in that alleged rape case outta Monterey, California. And so she came back a couple of years after the alleged after the, the incident, which was in 17 and, and in 2020, I think they said it. Yeah, 2020. She wanted money to stay silent and he paid it. We don't know what the number was, but he paid it. And they, and, and she was required to stay silent about what happened between the two of them.


Well now we see somebody leak a memo to the Trump transition team saying, this is everything that happened, pizza rapist. Right. So somebody violated the non-disclosure and it wasn't Pete. Right? So this woman violated it, or someone around her violated it. Right. And my experience with these kinds of confidentiality agreements, typically they would encompass anyone you told, you'll be quiet and anybody you told must be quiet or you'll pay the penalty. Mm. So it's not gonna save her If a friend wrote the memo, and by the way, no friend would write the memo to Theran trans transition team without getting the accusers. Okay. They wouldn't jeopardize right. This woman's money or putting her into the spotlight.


Right. There's no way this woman did not approve the memo to the Trump trans, which is a breach of the non-disclosure. Right. If this is actually how it went down. So what's happened now, we talked about this yesterday. More and more you have people like Jake Tapper who was on the art C Nnn asking Senator Rick Scott, should Pete authorize the woman to break the non-disclosure. You know, you're so upset. These are all anonymous accusers in the press. Shouldn't he let her come out and talk? Which is just such bullshit. You're putting these guys in an impossible position. They get accused of something they say they didn't do. They pay the woman to make her go away so they can keep their Fox news job. Then the woman violates the NDA for to try to tank his chances at secretary at def as defense secretary. Then at then the response is, well, if you didn't do anything, you should release her from the obligation.


Like what? So anyway, but an interesting turn last night where his lawyer, Tim Parla tore, went on CNN and suggested that she already is released. She already is released from the non-disclosure and she can tell her story. So I reached out to Tim Parla to myself today, and here is what he said. This is on the record, as the settlement agreement has been breached, meaning by this memo to Trump transition team, she is not entitled to any further payment and is at a minimum liable for the return of the payment made plus liquidated damages.


If she chooses to publicly repeat her false claims, there will be an additional cause of action for defamation as well as for the underlying civil extortion. Good, good. I like this a lot. You know why? Because false claims like this set back every true, legitimate claim against especially a powerful rich man. And she's doing no favors to her sisterhood. None. And I was thinking the same thing. Like this woman isn't playing chess. What is she thinking? I don't know. Her story is not going to hold up. It is not. So she is risking, I mean, people know who she is already. She is risking her name being public, her likeness being public, her children being exposed to this, her marriage which survived this so far, her professional reputation.


What is she thinking? I'm glad that they're like putting the screws to this one. I really Am. This is really what they should have done when she came back asking the money. But he was worried about his job. I understand that. Understandable. You know, especially Fox News Post Me Too. Post Roger Ailes. I'm sure Pete did not want somebody saying he raped me. I mean, that would be worth some sort of settlement just to make her go away from somebody who's probably earning millions at Fox. I this puts a guy like Pete in a very uncomfortable situation. I don't know what men out there would do if this happened to them, but you, if if making her go away quietly is an option, you'd probably take it. Because at a minimum, You know that this interlude with this woman was behind the back of your soon to be third wife, and that you are a womanizer, at least at that point or prior to, shortly prior to.


So that's none of that's good. That's worth paying some money to make her be, be quiet. But this, what's interesting about this statement is it says she's not entitled to any further payment. So he must still be making, Oh, these sound like monthlies, right? Yeah. He must still be making payments. So this woman does have some financial skin in the game right now, and she's liable for the return of the payment made plus liquidated damages, which would be a lot. And then a threat of, if you go and you sit and you say something, if I see you on CNN in other words, repeating these claims, you are going to be sued for defamation as well as for the underlying, we'll, we'll revive what we let go, which was a civil extortion claim against you.


But now the question is, will she try to pull a Christine Blasey Ford at the confirmation hearing tearful, You know, I I I, I remember, You know, him getting on top of me and the trauma and try to submit some psychologist, You know, assessment of her what, who knows what she's got? What we've got is the police report from the first six days. And it does not reflect well on her. But this whole thing could spin into just a, You know, just a public debacle where we'd have to play our music again. You know, look, it won't be great for Trump or Pete, but Trump stood by Kavanaugh. True. And I don't think it could get bigger than that one was true.


And I was surprised he stood by Kavanaugh. I really was The thing too about him opting to make those payments. I think people need to remember back in 2017 what the climate was like. All you had to do was raise an eyebrow in the direction of a man you call problematic. And he's out. He's too much of a liability. Remember how many men got flushed outta media? Yeah. Remember the shitty men in media list? Yeah. That was circulated. That was just some random woman behind a computer screen who named all of these men without any evidence whatsoever that they did what she claimed. And it went around and it was taken as gospel. Yeah. In media circles. I mean, these are people's lives and reputations.


So I think that their pushback with the money is the real thing. Because now she's now she's gonna be thinking, well, what am I gonna do? Am I gonna, am I gonna lose my home? Am I gonna lose everything over this? And if she comes out, Maureen, like right now, she's behind the cloak of anonymity. No one's printing her name. She's not being dragged the way Pete's being dragged. I mean, you see, like, go Google Pete and look at the mainstream coverage of Pete. They basically refer to him as a rapist. Pretty much rapist Pete headset heads up, which is such a smear it, I would sue all of them for defamation if I repeat. I mean, some of 'em are not even putting the words alleged in there.


And so she's, she's still behind the cloak. But if she gives an interview, I'm not talking about inside the Senate on the confirmation hearing. Like she won't be sued for, for defamation for that. But if she gives an interview outside of that setting, she's now fair game. Like now we have an obligation. Everybody knows her name. They have an obligation to look into her past. What do we know about her? What other men are there who might say, oh, that's the one who might say, holy crap, lemme tell you what she did to me. Lemme tell you what I know about her. Look, it's not pleasant, but that's what this woman's gotta be considering right now. Yeah. And I mean, just the level of inconsistencies in her self-report to the police saying that she had been drugged when she's seen by multiple people and on surveillance camera walking upright.


And she's not altered in any way whatsoever. I mean, again, like I really, I I loathe when women come forward with what are clearly false accusations, it is so damaging not just to the people that you're falsely accusing, it's damaging to a larger culture that has just begun to understand how complicated and unusually victims of sexual assault can behave in the aftermath. We came so far with Harvey Weinstein, we really did. This kind of stuff puts us back. It's, it's dangerous. One of my viewers pointed this out And I haven't been able to get past the point such a good point. By the way, if you have a good point, you can email me megan@megankelly.com.


Why didn't she go to get the sexual assault exam until Thursday if the alleged rape happened overnight, Saturday to Sunday? And You know, according to the police report, she remembered the rape on Monday morning while having sex with what we believe was her husband. So why wait until Thursday for a sexual assault exam? One of the audience members pointed out, and this was a sexual assault nurse, okay. You know, one of the ones who does exams, that if you wait that long, there would be no trace of date rape drug in your system. Mm. So it would not be suspicious to anybody taking your blood or what, You know that no date rape drug was found.


It, it's been too long. So the fact that there's nothing in you doesn't suggest it wasn't given to you 'cause it's been too many days. But if you get that blood test the day after on Monday after the alleged, You know, Saturday to Sunday rape, they'd find it if it had been given to you. So she couldn't go in in, she couldn't go in on Sunday. No. Or Monday, no. Or Tuesday or Wednesday. She had to wait until she knew it. If she had been given it, it would be out of her system. And no one would find it suspicious that she gave a clean blood test or a clean urine test, or was just saying to the, to the nurse, oh, but gee, five days have passed. And then the nurse would say, oh, well it won't be there, so let's not bother.


It's so cynical. I find the timing so strange. Like something happened during the having sex with her husband. Like the husband was on her. You know it. Yes. You know it. And her story was falling apart. And in order to make it make sense, she had to accuse him of raping her. She had to accuse him of drugging her, of being a passive victim of this hot, famous dude. She was following around all night. Like a puppy dog. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And she was not the one, he put his whose leg? She, he he touched Nope. Whose arm he touched. She was witnessing it all.


And, and she was probably very envious. Pete's a very good looking guy. He's a star. He's a millionaire. And You know, obviously he's got no trouble getting women, but she was not the object of his desire. She just happened to be the last woman around at two in the morning when they got back to his hotel room, she was seen perfectly fine. At one 30, she was seen perfectly fine at 4:00 AM there was no time for any drugging or its effect to take place. And that's just the bottom line on her. Now we get things like this. Okay, so the, they recognize that Pete's not dead yet, right? The mainstream media. Right. And they want Pete to be dead. So we're starting to get a lot of fun things.


I mean, they're just ridiculous, but they're kind of fun. Washington Post, maybe we should take a shot at his bronze stars. Oh yes. Oh yes. Okay. Bronze stars like those hegseth earned are common among military officers. It's like, who doesn't have one military experts say There's a mistaken belief among much of the American public that the Bronze Star is a rarefied award exclusively for battlefield heroics, which has distorted and inflated its significance. In many cases, the US military issues two versions of the award. One with a V device denoting valor and combat the other for commendable job performance or deployments or meritorious service.


In the military parlance the Braun Stars listed in Heg, Seth's official records fall into the latter category of, according to his official records, such awards were issued somewhat liberally throughout the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Experts say awardees of the Meritorious Service medal are predominantly military officers like Hegseth Data provided by the military shows, while many officers have risked their lives on the battlefield, the majority of fighting and exposure to danger is performed by the enlisted troops. They command, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Going on to shit all over his bronze star and tell us that we shouldn't admire him for his service or his commendations Doubtless written by some Ivy League grad with soft hands.


Yes. Who has never seen anything resembling combat, let alone military service. Okay, sure. That's disgusting. And the one thing I'll say about Pete Hegseth too is that, You know, I read the op-ed that he wrote in his defense in the journal the other day, And I thought it was really good. He talks about being an advocate for his fellow service members who when you get home and you try going through a VA system, it is a nightmare. Yep. He doesn't ever brag about his exploits. What? I don't know what he did or didn't do. I don't really know what he saw or didn't see. Yep. Which says to me he saw a lot.


That's absolutely right. And that's honestly why he says he was drinking. And that's Not unusual and that's Completely understandable. Dakota Meyer was on the show telling me he was drunk as he was awarded the Medal of Honor by Barack Obama. I believe it. That he was completely hammered in the moment. These guys go through a lot. And I honestly, I feel like who are we to judge if they wanna drown their sorrows in the bottom of a beer bottle for a while? Seriously. He, he is not doing that now. And there's not even an accusation, it's just more like, oh, well I smelled whiskey on him one time on Fox News is set by some anonymous person. Well, who 'cause all the Fox and friends anchors that he did the news with, say, that's a load of crap that didn't happen.


But wait, as you mentioned, Pete's service and like what did he do? So he volunteered to go to Gimo, which he did. He volunteered to go to Iraq, which he did. He volunteered to go to Afghanistan, which he did. And the New York Times, the Daily Podcast did an in-depth look at some of that military service. And this is how they described Pete, I think this is his Iraq service, take a listen. He volunteers and he joins the hundred and first Airborne Division as a infantry platoon leader. And he goes to Iraq, the infantry troops that are on the ground like him. They're supposed to fix it. And he realizes how difficult that's going to be because he's getting some very conflicting instructions.


Well, so lawyers in the Army who are giving a briefing to him and all the soldiers that he's arriving with tell him essentially, Hey look, the rules are very strict. You cannot fire on an Iraqi, even if you see them with a rocket launcher, unless that rocket launcher is actually pointed at you. On the other side is some of the leadership in his brigade, combat commanders who are saying, you should expect to fire on pretty much any military age male, and you don't even need to give warning shots. Wow. He's like, okay, we're just gonna be really careful. We don't wanna shoot anyone. We don't need to because that's just gonna make us so many more enemies in a war that we're trying to end.


And so, not only did he tell his soldiers, Hey, we're not gonna shoot unless we're sure, but he volunteered to be the first one through the door on raids. They would go on because he didn't wanna put that really difficult decision in the hands of some 21, 20 2-year-old soldier who might make a rash decision. And people who served with him that I interviewed say he was flawless, careful, cared about what he did, and his soldiers loved him for it. I heard that episode of The Daily, I don't listen often, but I, I listened to that one and that shocked me. I was like, okay, this is a corporate media that's trying to write itself post-election because everybody sees what's going over going on over at M-S-N-B-C.


I don't even think Joe and Mika were on this morning. I didn't see them. They Weren't, after they lashed out at all their democratic friends like David from and George Conway, suddenly they were gone. And I am listening to this with like my jaw open. Like, oh my God, they're giving a sympathetic take on a guy who served in combat, who got two distinctly different orders from higher ups shoot to kill. Let them go no matter what kind of threat you think they pose and who put himself in harm's way to protect his younger service members who were about to ruin their lives if they made the wrong move while fighting to stay alive.


That is a guy to laed. And I wonder where the rest of the media is in not following the dailies example Yeah. Of The Washington Post instead of shitting on his bronze medals. Why don't we talk about that Washington Post follow your New York Times. And honestly, I hope that Joni Ernst and Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski and Mitch McConnell will listen to that story. We don't give a shit about his marital issues. We don't. That is for Pete and his wives to deal with. And they have, I I care about that. I I'm sure the enlisted guys care about that. I, I don't like it's the media that is like, look over here are these delicious bones for you to chew on.


And all these left wing reporters Yeah. And left-leaning senators are like, oh yeah, I wanna chew on the bone. The the bone feels good. It makes me feel morally superior. Makes me feel like a better person. Like I'm a protector. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna be a protector of what Pete's third wife, she doesn't need your protection. She's good. Right. It's just amazing how they're going to town on this guy like absolute freaking town. And we are hearing crickets about Hunter Biden. Yeah. It's just like, oh, of course he, his dad. You know, I was watching, I do this to myself. I'm a masochist Megan, I don't know why I was listening. I was had the view on the other morning. Yeah.


What Sometimes is fun. It sometimes it is fun. And they so whoopy, they Charlemagne the God was on. Yep. And he was talking as he often does actual common sense. And he was saying this, pardon instincts to high heaven, the average person charged with half of these crimes would find themselves behind bars. Let's get real. And Whoopi got in like high Dungeon and she was like, listen, You know, when she gets into her sort of like, yeah, I'm a sage elderly black woman, I'm gonna lay it down. And so she's like, he just happened to change the mind. This is what happened. And I know this for a fact. Do You know this for a fact? Do you read really? Do you read or do you just rely on those blue cards those producers give you? Because NBC news reported two people in the room with Biden when Hunter was convicted back in June, said that Biden said, I'm going to tell the American people I never will, but I'm going to do it.


Yeah, of course. That is a lie, Right? No, she doesn't read. I mean that's like her co-host Anna Navarro was just tweeting out that Woodrow Wilson far Entire, That's relative Hunter to Butts. Who was the other one? Mike, Mike Hunt. Seymour Butts. Yes. Yes. They were all on The list. They're calling Mos Barr over at the Simpsons like asking for see more butts. Yeah. This is the Brain trust at the View. Very, very little known relatives of of our best presidents who got right, who got pardoned. I wanna tell you that the guy who wrote the Peace in WaPo, according to my crack team, does have military experience and went to Georgetown.


So apparently he just likes to unleash these Diddy un Republican candidates because he should know better. He should know better. Agreed. Alright, here's the other thing against Pete. Okay, two things. First of all, WaPo again, hitting him for his, his history with alcohol, which shadows the Pentagon selection. Okay? Heg says history with alcohol, shadows, Pentagon selection. Okay, now what did he do? And Fox News, he had a reputation as a heavy drinker. According to six former Fox News employees. Who, who are they? I know them all. Tell me the names And I will tell you whether these are credible witnesses. I guarantee you Gretchen Carlson is running around being like he was a boozer Gretchen who's fired?


Who nobody likes. Okay. So let's see. They worked directly with him. They saw him drinking. I mean, all the Fox and Friends Anchors Present Day have said it is bullshit. Right? That we've worked with him for 10 years, right up close at, at all hours. And then this is their example. Several, several years ago, several During a St. Patrick's Day segment on Fox and Friends weekend support staff at the Cable News Network set up a display of beers. Maureen, for a holiday segment on the show. After the segment aired, hegseth walked by the display table and drank each beer. According to two former colleagues who witnessed the incident and spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive, a sensitive episode.


It was, was it really the incident struck the colleagues as jarring for two reasons. One, the display drinks had been sitting out for hours and were stale and warm. Oh, That's the real crime. What kind of a pig is he? Two, the show wraps up at 10:00 AM an early hour for alcohol consumption. Numerous other Fox employees have disputed that he drank excessively. So first of all, I will just say this, when you wake up at three or four in the morning, 10:00 AM is actually not as late as it. Like there are a fair amount of, I know I worked in morning TV both at Fox and NBCI actually know some people who work those hours who do have their drinks very early, but at the normal time of day, they're asleep in their beds. That their weird schedule, whatever.


Okay. But secondly, how many beers? Because I'll tell you, when Fox and Friends would set up a, like a display like that, there'd probably be four cases of beer. They're not gonna put out like two beers. And there's no way Pete Hegseth walked over and drank two cases of beer. So what are we talking? We don't know. It's, we're just left to think the worst. Okay. Several things to your very good point. You will often see, especially in New York, if you're like a white collar worker going to your job at like nine in the morning, you'll see the blue collar guys who work night shifts at the bodega getting their six pack of beer in their cigarettes because that is their afternoon. Yeah. They are knocking off for the day and they are wiped out. Number two, didn't Don Lemon and Anderson Cooper, don't they get lauded for being smashed on air?


Yes. Every New Year's Eve and like the Liberal. Oh, it's so funny. It makes them so personable. We love it. Love Andy Cohen. Andy Cohen gets shitfaced and Oh look, There they are doing shots, doing Shots there. They're doing shots there. They're, The team was ready for this. Yes. But that's fine. You see, they're not going to like, I, that's fine because I guess they're not gonna be sex sec deaf. But look, if you're gonna go back and look at pub public drunkenness as, as evidence of why we shouldn't trust a person, then it's fair game. Why are we trusting Anderson Cooper, he's drunk while he is delivering the, the, the news of the night. What if, what if there's a bombing in, You know, Saudi Arabia that night, who's gonna report on it? Anderson's on the air. He's boozed up. I just, just like, look, the fact that Pete may have had a beer on a St.


Patrick's Day, Fox and Friends, we, this is ridiculous. We've fallen below all standards. Below all standards. Also, I'm sorry. I love the idea of fellow journalists calling out another journalist for drinking. Like it's one of the most hard drinking professions that exists. It's true. There was an, there was an, a satellite office of the New York Post Fox News 1211 called Lang's Bar Lang's. Yes. That's where everybody went and drank themselves into oblivion. There was a famous post columnist named, named Steve Dunlevy, who would file his copy from the bar. And when he retired after being passed out to many places publicly, they etched his face into glass at the bar like he was a religious deity.


So spare me Yes. The moral indignation that while shooting St. Patrick's Day coverage that your correspondent maybe took a swig of beer. Yeah. Stop it. Yeah. He had some beers. Here's one more. Someone named Denise Wheeler, who is a partner and designer at Rebel Create a marketing agency, decides to tweet out this image of, of, of PTex f And this is why I use that term thirst trap because some of the people responding responded as in that way. And she says the following, she did not mean it as a compliment. She, she writes Trump's pick for Secretary of Defense with his picture.


Look at this of Pete. You see him there? Yeah. Yeah. And he's in like short little shorts and he's putting an American flag. It looks like he's, he's just holding it over his shoulder as he pays homage at the nine 11 War Memorial. And she says, like, this is your Secretary of Defense visiting the nine 11 Memorial in his underwear. The Pentagon has nothing to worry about. Our armed forces have longed to be led by a drunk rapist in his underwear. You should be sued Denise Wheeler. I hope Tim Parly Tori files a lawsuit against you today for calling him a drunk rapist. I really do. I hope you get sued today.


Then Jerry Dunleavy responds, he's not in his underwear, he is in a bathing suit. This image is from the end of the New York City Seal swim across the Hudson River. The event raises money for the seal community, veterans and their families. The legs of the swim end at the World Trade Center memorial. You absolute fucking dumbass. I had added the last part. There's nothing like the left continuing to not learn its lesson by taking things wholly out of context and offering a hot take on Twitter. That is disgusting. Maureen, this guy was at Princeton, nine 11 happens and he volunteers to go join Razi and fight and go down to Gimo.


That's where he was sent. Who, who at Princeton on their way toward I know, seven figure salaries at law firms or banks, et cetera. I know. And then they see the 9 1 1. How dare this woman, how dare she question his fitness, his patriotism, his appropriateness. What kind of an idiot sees that? And just assumes, oh, he just decided to go pay homage in his underwear. Like, did An idiot. She's so stupid. Idiot. An idiot that was born doubtless after September 11th did not live through it and has grown up in a culture where everyone's just posting thirst traps all the time. This is, this is her entire frame of reference. Right. Right. Could it possibly be, he might have a good reason, but no, we've gotta assume the worst.


Why? Because it's, it's a Trump cabinet pick. So I don't know. Does he make it, I mean, what would you say to the Joni Ernst of the world who are just cannot see him through any lens other than serial, You know, cheater and not a great guy when it comes to his romantic partners. I, You know, they can't get past the woman thing. I think it would be an incredibly powerful swerve for one of these female senators to step forward and say, enough enough with demonizing a guy like this who does wanna serve and wants to disrupt. That's the problem he wants to disrupt. I don't think the establishment wants him disrupting a goddamn thing.


Yeah. That's the real problem. But this is, we are in a new era where people wanna feel like their leaders are in it for them. And if one of these woman women stood up and said, I'm with him. Like, these, these allegations are baseless. This is, this is nothing but a witch hunt to stop Trump from appointing those who he would like. I think that would be amazing, I think. But it will never happen. I Mean, Katie Britt did, she was good on it, Senator from Alabama. But the, these are the ones who are more moderate, who are gonna, and they have names, potentially stop it. And You know what the other thing is? If, if it's sexual assault, like I, I know and admire the fact that Joni Ernst has fought to stop sexual assault in the military, which is a real problem.


She's to be credited for that. Not demonized, but that's not Pete. He's, there's one allegation of that against him. And it's completely bullshit in my opinion. It looks obviously made up. So that should not be something that concerns you about this guy. There's nothing in his history other than this one, what looks like an apparently bogus claim to suggest he's a sexual assaulter. Right. So it's like Pete absolutely can look at the men and women of the military and say, it's a no, we're gonna reform. Right. There's not gonna be any tolerance for that. There's really truly no evidence that he's ever done that to anybody. There's this one claim from a woman who's been panicked 'cause the husband was down the hall while she was sleeping with Pete.


Yeah. I just think like that you're re you're misdirecting your claims about how he is in his personal relationships Yes. To something much more bigger and much, much more serious and bigger. Yeah, 100%. And You know, as we've often seen, wh when it's a legitimate claim where one emerges usually another follows pretty quickly and then another, and you get a sort of chorus that sort of builds up and the accounts tend to be similar. This is not Bill Cosby, this is not that. Yeah. This is not that Good point. Now, I, we were talking about yesterday how the, if Pete's blood is in the water, RFKJ is going to get killed. Yeah, he will. Would you put some meat on that bone, please? I would love to put some meat on that bone.


I mean, listen, I am not a fan of RFK Jr. Right. As you well know Yes. The way he treated No. Nor or really any Kennedy Yeah. Of old school. Yeah. No, I mean, I I someday I would love to do like a, a five minute dive with you into Jack sch berg's Instagram, because I don't know if you follow him. Caroline Kennedy Berg's his son. Son. Yeah. Yeah. So the grandson of JFK. Yeah. Who was Vogue's political correspondent this election cycle, which consisted of him asking like Doug m Hoft, does he consider ketchup like a sauce or a condiment? Like this was the level of discourse. I kid you not, but his RFK junior's second wife, he, he really, he tormented her psychologically.


He cut her off financially. He was parading around with Cheryl Hines. He moved her, he moved the two of them into a house that was like a thousand yards from the house he had made with Mary mother of three or four of his children. She committed suicide. After her suicide. He went on a press tour just destroying her legacy. He buried her with great fanfare and the Kennedy family plot up in Massachusetts one week later, he secretly and the dead of night had her exhumed buried alone on the side of a hill. I mean, if you want, if they wanna get into character, then get into character with someone like that. But I also agree with you that if they take down Pete, this is gonna be a real, this could, this is where it's really gonna get interesting because Trump is not gonna take kindly to having his nominees summarily dismissed one by one by all these hypocrites on the hill who all have their own bodies buried somewhere.


Right. Right. And there's no way, you see, if, if they allow Pete to go down without the full pressure campaign on these senators, if they allow this how he RFK J's done, he's toast. Because like you just heard it audience like, it's not going to get better when they get to RFKJ. That, that's just one little piece of his controversies. Right. And I do support him And I love the nomination, but I recognize the very controversial guy and we've never had somebody quite like him elevated and having to go through a confirmation hearing. So how on earth are those senator gonna turn around and say, oh, but he's fine. Exactly. Hes fine. They can't. Right. They can't. This is the whole game right here. We're talking about the whole game.


Right. Not to mention Tulsi who's being accused of being a Russian ad agent. No sooner did Michael Knowles leave the show yesterday than we had a letter from all these so-called intelligence experts accusing her of being an asset again, Who would trust these so-called intelligence experts who told us that the Hunter Biden laptop was a Russian hoax who, who provided us really via Hillary Clinton with the so-called steel dossier that said Trump was a Russian asset. Who would believe any of this? Who would believe in infrastructure and an establishment that tells us after lockdown, we made it up, we made up six feet apart.


We, we didn't know what we were doing. Like we don't really know what, like, are, are you kidding me? Who would trust any of these people? And You know, to your point, I can I respect where you come from on RFK Jr because I do like the idea of disruptors in these spaces. Big pharma, big health. I mean, we're seeing it in the reaction to this assassination of this healthcare executive. I know. Oh, we ought to talk about that next. Yeah. I want RFKJ to do to these institutions what he did in his second marriage. I I blow it up. Blow it up.


I just, I just, I like, I've gotten to the point where I just don't give a damn about their personal foibles. I, I do kind of see them as somewhat related to their willingness to go into these institutions and cause havoc. I know it sounds weird, but I, I think for, we're trying something new with Trump too. You know, Trump 2.0 And I am, I'm all for it. I wanna see what this kind of person and personnel can do to these disgusting institutions that have turned on us. All right. Standby.


Looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an awesome gift. Beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there, it's tasty, it's handcrafted, and it's totally unique. Perfect. For anyone who loves bold flavors. This is not your typical salt. Each stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild to wow. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, Firecracker is a small operation, so they can only make so much at sometimes. Right. Especially during the holidays, there's always a chance that they're gonna run out, which you don't want. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift. But don't wait too long. Or you might miss out. Firecracker Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful, unforgettable. Get yours. Today at Firecracker dot Farm


Meta's Open Source AI models are available to all, not just the few, because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


Let's talk about what's happening with the Jordan Neely case. First, Daniel Penney is the defendant jury. Jordan Neely is the man who died. It appears the jury is hung on the most serious charge, which is whether he recklessly caused the death of Jordan Neely. The second charge is whether he was criminally negligent in causing Jordan Neely's death, or they could of course acquit him entirely of these charges because he was clearly a good Samaritan trying to protect the passengers on that subway car where this altercation took place. Just a quick refresher for those who don't remember, Jordan Neely came onto the subway train. He was acting irrationally. He was saying he didn't care if he died or went to prison.


He was threatening passengers. Passengers were scared. And Daniel Penny got up and got him in a headlock and subdued him and the crazy behavior. And ultimately Jordan Neely died because, well, he didn't have enough oxygen, but he also had some other health problems that were introduced at trial as potentially contributing or indeed possibly the cause. So I think a lot of us believed that this jury was gonna come back like that with an acquittal. No, we're now on, I think day four of deliberations and just before we came to air, the jury had sent a note into the judge saying, we can't agree on the first charge, the most serious charge.


And now that doesn't necessarily tell us whether there in agreement on the criminally negligent homicide charge. I don't know how the jury instructions read. You know, normally they'll say, did he recklessly cause the death of this person? If yes, You know, move on to number two. I, I don't know what the direction was. Like, did they have to start with number one, could they have started with number two, whatever. I assume number two should be easier for them because they're only saying they're deadlocked on number one. And so they went into court and said to the judge, we're deadlocked and the judge asked the lawyers what should the instruction be, which is normal. And the defense said it's a mistrial, which was a nice try, but yeah, probably not.


And the prosecution said, tell 'em to go back in and con continue deliberating. And it looks like that's what the judge has done. I'm, there's just been, there's been like update after update when we've been on the air. Let me, let me just give you the latest. Okay. The judge said he thinks the jury could move on to consider count two, criminal induction homicide. Even if they're deadlocked on count one, he asks the DA's brain trust to work on it. The reporting here is still in the courtroom, wondering how fast the jury will come back. This is from Matthew Russell at Inner City publication.


The judge, we got the next note. So the jury, he sent them back in to continue deliberating. Okay? Then they sent out a, a note almost immediately thereafter saying, we the jury request further clarification on whether a person reasonably believes force is necessary. We would like more on what is a reasonable person. They're obviously divided. The, the judge responded. There's a passage in people versus gates or goats. And then he chuckles. 'cause he realizes people, I don't know, I dunno why he chuckled, in which they note that reasonableness must be based on circumstances. Oh my god. So clarifying. The judge says, bring them back out. The jury's entering. The judge says to the jury, reasonableness is up to you to decide what would a reasonable person do in this situation.


He must have honestly believed that Jordan Neely was going to use physical force against him or someone else. And now the jury's getting lunch and we'll come back. It's, I mean, I'd be very worried if I were the defense right now. So I am obsessed with this case. I have been following it extremely closely. I get the trial transcripts every day. I am pulling for Daniel Penny so hard. Now, what is salient here is that Jordan Neely was out of his mind on K two, a powerful synthetic drug that they can't even quantify how much was in his bloodstream. The Emmy testified that she was pressured to classify this death, a homicide, basically before she had finished the autopsy.


This is Just like George Floyd. Okay? This is, and again, like anyone who hasn't seen the fall of Minneapolis, do it avail yourself because it is such a, it, it puts in perspective just how much the media lies to us. My sister-in-law's, the court reporter on this case, and she is convinced that part of the problem the jury is having coming to a verdict is because there are protestors outside that courthouse every day screaming that Daniel Penney is a racist. That this was a lynching. Daniel Penney took him down. He definitively the defense did an expert job at this medically did not cause him to die of a choke hold.


That is not what killed Jordan Neely. It was the drugs, it was the state he was worked up in. And it was a sickling disease that he had all three of these things combined to cause his death. He tried to get up at three minutes and 19 seconds into this choke hold. He moved with such force pennies underneath Neely on the subway floor. He exerted himself with so much force that he lifted Penny a six one former Marine off of the floor. A personal anecdote about this, my brother is an interesting guy. He works in sanitation in New York, and his job is such that he has to deal with the CEOs of like multi-billion dollar companies like MLB top hospitals, you name it.


And he also has to deal with his workforce, which is composed primarily of ex-felons. He will routinely say the jobs I offer are the only ones in America where you can earn six figures and be illiterate. Mm. He gets, a guy comes into his office and says, your driver out there is in the parking lot going crazy out of his mind on PCP 26-year-old kid, not super strong, not super tall. Cops come, it took 12 cops to get this guy down to the ground. Whoa, 12 and half an hour. And my brother Bill said, this is the thing. When you take down a guy like that on, fueled by that kind of drug that gives you superhuman power, you cannot let them back up.


They will kill you. They will kill you. And this is stuff that I think the average person sitting at home has no knowledge of. I read the testimony of the passengers on that train, a host of races, ethnicities, socioeconomic status. Teenage girl, a senior brand manager at Nike, all daily subway riders said they were sure they were going to die that day. That Jordan Neely was that terrifying. So I think this is an easy acquittal, but this is a case that is fueled not by justice, it's Alvin Bragg. It's been racialized. This were black on black, white on white. Daniel Penny wouldn't be here, Wouldn't have happened.


This prosecutor's got a history of it, of giving preferential treatment to so-called marginalized criminals. Here she is bragging about it. In SAT six, I had a, a murder case where the defendant did not intentionally kill the victim. He went into an ATM on the upper west side and tried to rob an individual. Unfortunately, it was an older individual. He was 80, 86. And in the course of the robbery, he fell to the ground and as a result, he died.


This is under the law, a felony murder, which is akin to intentional murder. However, when I first got the case, I learned, I took the time to learn about the defendant and it was a strong case. So it wasn't about who done it. I knew immediately who did it. I could prove it, I could take it to trial that day. And when it, but it wasn't about that. It was that the more I learned about the defendant and his life and the circumstances, the kinds of things that Jarrell was talking about, that one should take into account the trauma of that individual. I really felt incredibly sorry for him that he had gotten to that point in his life where he felt like there was no other choice but to, to commit this robbery Felt super sympathetic towards this Guy.


What's missing in that account? The victim was an 87-year-old Asian man, a beloved college professor, survivor of the Korean War, the perp, the guy who killed him. That passive language kills me. He fell as a result of the fall. He died. He was murdered for $300. He took out of an ATM by a middle-aged black man. She had the gall to go to the victim's family and say, are you interested in a little premise called restorative justice? Oh my God, Restorative justice. So this guy gets, I think he got maybe 10 years, he probably would've gotten life. So she's perfectly willing to extend that kind of sympathy and do that kind of background check when it's, I suppose a black person committing a crime.


But Daniel Penny, who I swear to god, Meghan, the first responders didn't wanna touch Jordan Neely, right? They Wouldn't give him CPR. No. 'cause they didn't wanna put their mouths on his, He was so filthy. He wreaked, he was obviously diseased. The responding officer said, my guys aren't getting Hep C over this. Right? That's what he said. Who could blame them? Daniel Penny put his hands on him. Daniel Penney held him down. Daniel Penney endured that stink and that risk of disease to protect his fellow passengers. And the real, real, after effect of this case is going to be who on earth would ever get in between innocent people and a threat like that?


Again, No way. No one, if this guy goes down on any one of these charges criminally negligent or reckless, he's no one will. But even the fact that this has gone to trial, I think would cause most people to think twice. Yeah, I think you're right. Why would you risk losing everything, be going bankrupt, losing any shot at another job? Reputationally smeared. There are subway cars that are now outfitted where, where, where normally ads would be white type against a black background. This car is where someone was lynched. Oh my Lord, seriously, I haven't been on the New York City subways in a while. I saw it online. I I was on the subway last week, but I saw it And I thought, of course, and what, where is the mayor who has said pretty much this case should not be even be happening?


I know he seems to be on, on Daniel Penney's side, but a lot of good that doesn him. This is f ta Exactly. Get those things down. A lot of good. That doesn't, they just a, a bit of info on what the jury has been saying they wanted. In the course of the deliberations, we've gotten some clues into, You know, what we seem to be seeing today, which is they are considering a guilty verdict. It is not that simple for them. They wanted first a definition of recklessness and a definition of negligence. And just to reiterate, to convict penny of manslaughter, they have to convince the jury that he acted recklessly, that he grossly deviated from how reasonable person would behave.


So that's why they're asking what would a reasonable person do? They're, they're stuck on the manslaughter charge. And then there's a lower charge about criminally negligent homicide that they're considering as well. That would mean you failed to perceive a substantial risk that you're actions or inaction would result in another person's death. Okay? They also wanted to see two videos. One is referred to as the Vasquez video. One is as the Rosario video. The video by Vasquez is a Mexican freelance journalist, Juan Alberto Vasquez. It's nearly six minutes long. It's a cell phone clip of Penny with Neely in the choke hold it recaptures a different off camera bystander named Larry Goodson.


We're showing it here, expressing concern for Neely's life and saying that he will need to be released if he exhibits certain physical reactions. Penny did not respond. This witness, Larry Goodson testified on Monday, quote, he was in a whole other trance. The Rosario video is a minute long cell phone clip that briefly shows Penny and Neely plus a bystander voice that says he's dying. Let him go here, take a look at this, the bystander. Y'all Gotta hold him down.


You gotta hold him down. And there's a voice in there saying he's dying. Let him go. The woman who took the video, Yvette Rosario, who's 19, took the stand in this case and testified that she was so afraid of Neely quote, I thought I was going to pass out. So I mean, I understand why the jury, if they're just trying to follow the letter of the law and what's been placed in front of them, maybe struggling, they're saying, oh, okay. There's somebody who said on the side, release him if certain things happen. They say Penny was in a trance as he had this guy in a choke hold. And now you've got this one bystander saying he's dying, letting let him go.


And, and Penny didn't respond. That's the the case, the prosecution's building that he was on notice that Neely was dying and he continued holding onto him. That's probably the kind of thing they're debating inside that jury room right now, If only the DA really cared about the spirit of the law and the letter of the law, the way these jurors clearly are trying to do. But I, I think people are human And I think that they are influenced by the protesters outside. I think they're influenced by this notion that a white man took a black man down and his life was expendable. That's the way it's been covered in mu much of the mainstream media.


He's your friendly neighborhood, Michael Jackson impersonator, right? Who just happened to have been arrested for trying to abduct a 7-year-old girl in broad daylight on the streets of queens. You never read about That. That's right. You Never read about that And assaulted somebody known, assaulted somebody else. Not long thereafter, right? It was, or not long, not long before this. It was a 67-year-old woman who he punched in November, 2021. And he pleaded guilty and that went and he got a slap on the wrist for it. They, they, they bent over backward to get him to stay out of prison. So he went into some, You know, treatment facility and 13 days later, he, he ran from it. He got out in April of 2023.


Outreach workers approached him on the subway at, in one of the cars in Co Coney Island. And what did he do? He urinated in front of them when he is got a long history of assaults, arrests, more than three dozen arrests and drug use that made him out of his mind. And now we're supposed to say, well, Daniel Penny should have listened to some random passerby who had no skin in the game, who was not there holding the guy who was not on the receiving end of his, You know, heaving motions. Let go, let him go, saying, oh, oh, he is dying. Let him go. How do You know? Are You a medical professional? Right? Are you EMT, which took 20 minutes to get there. Cops took 12. Okay? That was Daniel Penny intervening that 67-year-old woman assaulted by Jordan Neely.


He broke her nose and her orbital bone. He was on a list that the city keeps of the top 50 most dangerous mentally ill homeless people. Or should I say unhoused? This is, again, this is stuff that you're not reading about or hearing about. It is a one-sided narrative and it's far more complicated than that. Jordan Neely didn't just happen to fall through the cracks. This is a systemic failure. It's like a systemic organ failure. Like the, like New York City is dying like Sepsis. Exactly. And this is the result. This isn't Daniel Penney's fault. This is the fault of people who are paid far too much to do.


Far too little. So on the subject of New York City, this incredible assassination that happened on Wednesday is everywhere. I'm sure my audience has heard about this. The CEO of United Healthcare, which, You know, I mean millions of Americans have is their healthcare system or insurer was walking to a conference on Wednesday morning, very early in the morning at 6:40 AM from one hotel to the other, from his hotel where he was staying over to the neighboring hotel and there was an assassin lying in wait with a gun that had a silencer on it. He'd been following him and came out, shot him twice in the one in the back and one in the leg. Oh, this is so awful. He falls, he stumbles, my God, he had no chance.


And then walks around to finish the job and the police are still on a manhunt for the assassin. They figured out that he stayed at a hostile, that he wore the mask almost the entire time he was at the hostel. He took it down only for a brief moment when a girl with whom he was flirting asked him to. And he is on camera smiling and we should show the picture, a pretty extraordinary photo looking at him seeming kind of happy. And, You know, this is not long before he committed a murder. And then he got on one of those, it wasn't a city bike, but it was one of those bikes that you can get in New York and took off into Central Park.


And now they're wondering whether he dumped the outfit he was wearing in Central Park, because they seem to have lost him someplace in Central Park and they haven't found him since. Now there's a lot of speculation about, is this a professional hit? You know, did somebody put this guy up to it? He, he had written something on the bullet. I don't have it in front of me. It was like destroy, depose, can't remember the third d It was like deny, Deny, Depose delay. I think it, and it would delay maybe that's, And I code this book that was written in 2010, which is basically like Deny, defend, depose. Okay, There you go. Depose. And that may relate to something that has been said in insurance circles about claims. And so there's a debate about whether this is an assassination.


Like I don't, some, You know, the Russians, You know, something that, that professional many think no, because his cell phone, which is a burner phone, was left at the scene and there was some sloppiness around the crime. But on the other hand, he got away, he used a silencer. He was very familiar with a gun 'cause it jammed and he was able to recover immediately. And now you have GULs like Taylor Lorenz who wrote for the New York Times and The Washington Post about two minutes ago until she was recently fired. I think for saying something negative about Joe Biden that they couldn't, she tried to deny she did. And it was obvious she did it. Can't remember what it was. It was about the Israel Palestinian conflict that he's a war criminal, I think it was.


Anyway, she got fired, now she's writing a substack celebrating this. I'm glad he's dead. And then after people are like, You know, you sound like a disgusting goal. Well, I'm not, I'm not calling for his murder, but it's a good thing he's dead. And other insurance agents a a agent representative should be dead too. Yeah, she's sick. She'll say anything for clicks, anything. So it's nice to see her circling the drain to her inevitable, complete irrelevance. It's interesting. I've been, so are you guys watching Day of the Jackal? No, you should. It's Amazing. What's it On? It's on Paramount Plus or Peacock. It's on Peacock Day jackal. And it's a, it's a remake of a 73 film, Eddie Red, Maine play. It's like incredibly stylish.


And he plays this really stylish assassin and the first 20 minutes he's like, he's a sniper. Like, it's incredible. Anyway, this reminds me of that. And I'm seeing much of the same reaction online, which, You know, social media is a cesspool. It is also our id and people are talking about like the hot assassin and oh, it's like they, it's crazy. They took him down. Like it, it had to be done like the healthcare industry. There's such vultures. And I think this, the reaction to this is really telling us a lot, and this sort of circles back to the whole RFK junior thing. People are sick of their life and death decisions being made by faceless bureaucrats or paper pushers in offices.


You try to get somebody on the line at one of these Companies, oh, forget it. You can't. So unless you're a one percenter who's up in like the Beyonce suite, you are at the mercy of some guy who's gonna tell you it costs them 10 cents less for you to travel, two hours more to go see a doctor. You don't even like to get denied medication. You might really need, this is sort of the larger thing that's happening. I mean, I think it's terrible what happened to this guy. I can't believe he didn't have Security, Security. I can't believe his schedule was made that public. He had death threats against him. You know, they're now, all of these health companies are taking down the images of their executives in the wake of this Good call.


I mean, it's a very dicey job. There, there are two at least issues here. No, nobody condones what happened to this porn man. It's horrifying. And Taylor Lorenz is a nut, but it is leading people to speak out about what's happening in the insurance in industry. I mean, my own take on it is, now's not the time we, we should get to that, right? We should still focus first on this, this assassination, how it happened, like how the guy got away so quickly. I can't believe the NYPD hasn't tracked him down yet. When I saw that there was a picture of him and that they had the cell phone with at least a smudged fingerprint and possibly something else that he had like a, a water bottle that might have DNA.


I thought they'd have him in two minutes, Maureen. I know, but life doesn't work like CSI does. And they have not found him yet. I mean, the guy could be in Columbia right now. I know. We have no idea. So that's one. And then the second complaints about insurance. I mean, I I I have to say crazy, Taylor Lorenz was bitching about when in like her nastiest tweet, she was complaining about Blue Cross Blue Shield, the Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield with a new policy that would've limited coverage of anesthesia based on time limits. You know, so like, I used to be married to an anesthesiologist. Oh really? And, and You know what, like a lung transplant, a liver transplant can last 18 hours.


It's like, what if they only cover you for eight? You gotta pay outta pocket for the last 10, even though that's how long your surgery takes 18 hours. Like, sorry, it didn't go faster. And so that's terrible. But this is not the time for her to be painting these guys as ghouls. But the interesting thing is NBC reporting that Blue Cross Blue Shield is not gonna proceed with that policy change. It reversed course on December 5th. It had, after it had been announced, it led to outrage across social media from average users to government officials. I mean this, the killing of CEO Brian Thompson is deeply disturbing.


It says a lot about who we are, where we are. And I wonder if it says something about New York because it's starting to feel like the Wild West out there. Oh, 100%. I mean, that was the thing I thought, like you must know that Hilton, that was us up the street from your old workplace. Yeah, couple blocks. We used to have Christmas parties there, You know, like broad daylight, 6:45 AM the gunman was seen milling around, just letting other people walk right past him. He was just waiting for his target. There are surveillance cameras everywhere. I, I can't, I can't believe an execution like this took place on the streets of New York City and no one saw him. There was no police officer nearby.


Like how did they not, how did they not get him? There's not a lot of crime at that hour of the day. Would it seem like any police officer in the region would've gotten to him? You know, too sweet. But yeah. Got away. And I don't know now whether they will get him because par partial smudged finger, You know, print is not really that persuasive. What we've seen today is they found out that the weapon wa that was used in the shooting was made. It was purchased in Connecticut. That yes, indeed they found a water bottle. That's where the fingerprint was lifted. But smudged, the burner phone phone has been retrieved. It could yield fingerprints and possibly even communications, though we don't know Whether it has so far that for surveillance video shows the suspect leaving the 57th Street F train station before the shooting approximately 6:15 AM 30 minutes before the shooting extensive video Canvas led police to the area of a hostel where he was staying.


He almost never lowered his mask or his hood. They're looking into whether his getaway bike was pre-positioned, which could be caught on video if it was there is video they believe, according to CNN of the suspect on the upper West side, carrying what appears to be an electronic bicycle battery, wall Street Journal reporting that Brian Thompson was one of three united executives named in a lawsuit from a Florida pension in May accusing United of hiding a DOJ antitrust investigation into united from shareholders while insiders like Brian sold stock. In other words, we got left holding the bag on our stock, You know, investments. And you didn't including 15 million in Thompson's personally held shares.


He and his wife Paulette had been living in separate homes a mile apart from one another in Maple Grove, Minnesota for several years. They had two sons. Sounds like they were separated, but somewhat may possibly amicable. She's told NBC news. I can't talk about this right now. I'm trying to deal with my sons, with my children. The police departments in Maple Grove, again, this is per the Wall Street Journal, say they have had received no complaints about threats to Thompson though Paulette said to NBC, he had received some something about denial of coverage and the piece of it, like the celebration. It just, I mean we're just so ghoulish. I know this is Taylor Lorenz trying to rehabilitate herself. So she had tweeted out after his murder, that Blue Cross Blue Shield article, and she wrote, and people wonder why we want these executives dead Now that's disgusting and she's sick, she's a sick person who we should not be listening to.


But this is her defending herself. So I'll, I'll counteract my own mandate not to listen to her. But she is pointing out something that a Facebook post about the CEO's passing was met with over 23,000 laughing emojis before it was taken down. People were thirsting after the assassin online quote, every woman I know is down catastrophic for the United Healthcare. CEO assassin wrote one X user. I just like, I'm so disgusted by that, the lack of humanity.


Like I can't, she makes it so that I can't really discuss her blue cross, blue blue Shield argument. Like I just really wanna run from this disgusting person who has no empathy for a dead man's grieving children. I know, I know. The idea that anyone could just so easily be targeted this way. It's, and the lack of humanity is what's striking. And I, but I think you're right. I think that the swiftness, it's, it's partly social media, which just sort of allows people to anonymously voice their darkest impulses and thoughts. And on the other hand, the lack of daylight between shock and outrage and grief, that a a a father of two could be slain like this and the perpetrator could get away so easily.


There's there's no daylight between that. And like they had it coming. You can only push people too, too far. You push 'em too far. See what Blue Cross did? They backed off. Why do you think they backed off? Not 'cause they give a shit about their clients. They did it because they're afraid for themselves. You know? And I, I'm dying to know the motive. I'm dying to know the motive. Me too that, so you said, okay, the gun was purchased in Connecticut. That's a good looking guy. That's a guy who looks like he probably comes from a little bit of money. He's probably ex-military. He knew exactly what to do and how to do it. I wonder if he's American. I wonder if he got out of the country, like within hours or how quickly NYPD was able to get facial recognition up at all the ports, all the airports.


Exactly. All the, the through ways They know who he is. They should know who he is. We had an author who wrote a really interesting book. I cannot remember the name of it off the top of my head. My, my team will remind me. But she came on to talk about that ai, facial recognition technology and how the police officers are using it. The police stations and and departments across the country are already using it. We were talking about it from a creepy perspective where you can get it to the point where you put on glasses, You know, like you And I go into a bar And I've got these glasses on And I can see that guy over there is Joe Sch Smith, cashmere Hill was the name of the author. I can see Your Face Belongs to us, was the name of her.


Her book, your Face Belongs to us. And I can see like, that's Joe Smith right there. And this is where he lives. And like all the information is coming from my glasses that have facial recognition technology. So there's no question they ran those images through what they have. And by the way, when you run it through the police department's, You know, technology, it gives you so many pictures of the person. Like she was writing about how it pulled her from like, when she was much younger. Oh my God. And in the background in somebody else's family Facebook post, You know, oh my god, it's insanely good. And so it's just, as soon as I saw the Massless photo, I was like, he's toast.


They're gonna have this guy in two minutes. They certainly should have it on an identity and maybe they do and they're just not telling us yet. Steve, tell me what episode that was. 'cause people might wanna go back and listen to that now. I do believe they're gonna catch him. I just think we're not CSI, but we're, we're pretty good. We've come leaps and bounds from where we were back in, You know, the Joe Friday days of law enforcement. So fingers, You know, crossed they catch this guy. Very, very disturbing stuff. Okay. Oh, it's episode 6, 9 6. All right, we're gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna come back. There's such, there's a lot more to get to, including guess who's speaking out Maureen and my favorite person, prince Harry.


We'll talk about that in a minute. Don't go away.


For those of us holding our breath for the past several months, we can exhale. Work can finally be done in the major issues this country's facing one of the most significant being our national debt. The fact is our nation's broke and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. You might wanna diversify your savings. This is why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our president's control. So it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news, it does not cost you a penny out of pocket. Just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit. Plus, right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one-out Silver Eagle For every $5,000 purchased, protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 And claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM. The Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the D MV BetMGM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call one 800 GAMBLER.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


So Maureen, while we've made some strides in getting rid of the vicious vile wokeness from certain areas of public life, the schools are still a hot mess. And New York City schools among the worst, imagine sending your child to public school where they have to take your kid because you pay taxes, but they use your taxes dollars not to spend the day teaching your child about math and English and possibly learning a foreign language, but about crap like this when it comes to gender. Now standby, we're gonna run this for you. This is from Wagner Middle School on the Upper East side of Manhattan.


Again, this is a public school and this was, we are told, supposed to have been a seventh grade Spanish class. Okay, listen to what somebody taped. It's right outside of the classroom. The instruction. They, they heard the instruction turned on a tape recorder and sent it to us. This is an exclusive listen here. Born the doctor or whoever it was. They looked at their bodies as babies said, You know, congrat or Congrat girl, they put on your birth certificate And I just called your gender birth. And everybody has one. People who are transgender, they say, that's not who I'm, that's not how I feel. I actually identify as different genderly transition.


They might take certain hormones, they might have certain surgical procedures so that their body, and it doesn't necessarily have to be transition, I identify gender. So for me, gender kind of shift and changes. Sometimes I feel more, sometimes I feel more feminine. Sometimes I feel more in between. And I just use all these pronouns. I didn't change my name. I Okay. Just to give you a couple highlights of if you had it, if it was difficult to hear. She's instructing. When we're born, the doctor, they looked at our body said, congrats to the boy or a girl. They put you on birth certificate. That's your gender assigned at birth.


Everyone has one. But you're absolutely right. People are transgender. Say, that's not who I am. That's not how I feel. I identify as a different gender. So that can look a lot of different ways. That's all it is to be transgender. But people can absolutely do what you said, transition. Some people might medically transition, they might take certain hormones, they might have certain surgical procedures so that their bodies match the way they feel. That's all. It's just a, just a little surgery so that you can match the way you feel. But not every trans person does that. Some people You know, might not have the resources or the means to do that. It's very expensive. I identify as something called gender fluid. Oh my God. So for me, my gender just kind of shifts and changes. Sometimes I feel more masculine, sometimes more feminine. Sometimes I feel more in between. And so I just use all these pronouns.


I didn't change my name. That's what's happening in the seventh grade at Wagner Middle School, a public school in New York City. So we reach out to them to say what the Right, right, what's happening? So we say, okay, we're producers for the Mac Kelly show. We're looking into this story. We understand some comments made during seventh grade Spanish class at Wagner. Do you have any comment on the teacher telling the students the following? Was the school aware of this? Can you confirm? Then the middle school principal, Jen Ren Laro, was the first respond. The New York City Public School Media Department will support a response to your inquiry.


Then at 1230, first response from Nicole Brownstein, first Deputy Press, secretary of New York City Public Schools. Thanks for reaching out. Wagner Middle School does not have a seventh grade Spanish class. Period. That's it. No, absolutely no inquiry. Like where's this happening? We'll get on it. Why are they teaching kids that you can be gender fluid in the middle of class? What's happening? We responded back. Are you aware of any Spanish class at Wagner Middle School? Have you received any information about any teachers or staff at this school making statements like this to students? And if so, is this appropriate? Then 1 0 4, this woman, Nicole responds back. This is again from the New York City Public School. First deputy press secretary. There are two Spanish teachers at the school, both identify as male and do not identify as gender fluid. Okay, Nicole, this isn't gonna work with us, sweetheart.


You're gonna have to be a little bit more forthcoming because we're on it like a dog with a bone. We responded back, we've been informed that there was some sort of presentation from a group ca, a group called P FLAG at the school. Can you confirm if this is accurate? If so, was class time interrupted for this organization to speak to students? Can you confirm which classes got the presentation? Were parents informed about this? Were they able to opt in or opt out again? Does New York City public schools believe this is an appropriate use of taxpayer funds classroom time? So we just got their latest response and here it's pflag. New York City is an independent organization that New York City Public Schools partners with under appropriate circumstances to teach students about inclusion and understanding of lgbtq plus issues.


No parents at this school have raised concerns about this programming, which was given as part of health class. So it did happen. You did bring in a group, you did interrupt instruction of actual academics to shove this trans ideology down the throats of 12 year olds. And though you tried to dodge and weave our repeated requests, we caught you. And let me tell you something. If you're so certain that no parents at your school have a problem with this, no one's complaining. How did we get the video? Ask yourself that New York City schools, who do you think tape recorded and sent it to the MK show?


Do you think it was a really happy customer either employed by you or paying tax dollars to send their kid there? Or maybe even a kid who thought you were being inappropriate? You'll never know because you just assume everybody's on board with your radical ideology, which is pernicious and dangerous suggesting you could just have the surgeries. And it's really not an not a thing. Maureen. I actually think they know that more parents than not are not on board with this stuff. And that's why they don't alert the parents. They're just going to do the indoctrination on their own. They believe in the moral validity of this. You were talking about this yesterday, this case that's before scotus, and I'm reading coverage yesterday in the New York Times.


That's talking about how medically valid it is to give children cross-sex hormones and puberty blockers to say nothing of. So in irreversible damage, another must read. Yep. Abigail Schreyer talks about even the lower level interventions, like the kids who are like, get me a breast binder. At least just get me a breast binder. I'm developing, I'm self-conscious. The long-term damage that those very painful devices inflict on kids, they call these things like the the, the names are so amorphous and they're meant to sound vague and harmless.


Harmless. Yep. Right. Among these drugs is a drug called Lupron that is a drug they give to women who have breast cancer. That is a very, very powerful drug. You're going to give that to a child. Are you kidding me? That is medical malpractice. I'm so glad whoever got this video Got it to you. Because people need to be really informed. I mean, I've, I've had the beginnings of conversations with people who I consider smart, well-read. And they're like, what's the big deal about trans? What's the big deal? It's a big deal. We're castrating children. Yeah, that's the big deal. Yeah. We're making it so they all have no sexual function and no sexual enjoyment for the rest of their lives.


I mean, truly it eliminates the ability to achieve climax in a sexual interaction. These drugs, it the puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones. Who the hell can make that kind of a decision for a 10-year-old that it's abuse, it's child abuse, and they're presenting it to these children. Like it's just not even a thing. And here are my mul multiple pronouns. Indoctrinating them early at 11 and 12 years old into this. And we can't even get straight answers outta the people who work for us. Now we got a follow up with some of the books that they're pushing on these children. Look at this, look at this. There is a man with a beard dressed like a woman. I'll show it to you. The first is, this book is anti-racist.


Okay, great. And now you'll see the book that I was talking about with the man. He's coming with a beer dressed like a woman with things like be who you wanna be. Look at this crap being shoved on middle schoolers. Be who you wanna be. And gender stereotypes are damaging for both boys and girls. And there's no right way to be a boy or a girl. Another page details a person's transition process in their thirties and books pictured include, this book is anti-Racist. We are in this together by Linda Sarsour Social Justice Handbook, understanding Gender, numerous books about race like the colonization of Hawaii, A book we are Not Free by Tracy Chi, described as a nuanced narrative of the Japanese American experience during World War II.


And on they're dying to make these kids into social justice warriors. The the pedal is still to the metal. Yeah. When it comes to aw fy our children, that battle has not been solved by President Trump. Winning term two. Not yet. You know, I don't know Whether it was you or someone else I was listening to, but the thing that's so pernicious about this is that there is no more confusing time than childhood puberty and adolescence. It is confusing. It is often terrifying. I know as a kid, when I started going through it, I wasn't ready for it. I didn't want it. For girls in particular, the way that boys and men start to look at you is maybe something you're not ready for to have.


If I had had this stuff pumped into my head at that age by people I considered authority figures, who knew what the f they were talking about, I don't know what would've gone through my head about what I needed or what I didn't need. And to your point, and this goes also right back to kind of the healthcare thing we were talking about. These people are creating permanent patients. Yeah. They will spend the rest of their lives going bankrupt. They have dollar signs in their pupils when they look at these children who say on gender confused. It's a pipeline that just keeps repeating. It's absolutely disgusting. Okay. We have so much to choose for. I choose from, I I'm not sure where I should go. Let's see, let's do, let's do Harry Prince Harry on his divorce rumors in.


So 16 I I googled news. You and there were people who are fascinated by everything you're doing all the time. They're fascinated by Megan is in California right now, and you're here and there's articles left and right about, You know, why are you making, doing independent events? Why aren't you doing them together? 'cause you invited me. You should have known This is, this is true. You should have known that was gonna happen. But do You know, like, is that normal for you that there's a, the second, there's an article that says she's in California, you're in New York. They said, well, what is happening with these two? Right? Is, but, and so is that a good thing for you in a way that there's so much interest in You? No, there's definitely not a good thing because apparently we've bought or moved house maybe 10, 12 times.


We've apparently divorced maybe 10, 12 times as well. So it's so everyone's just like, what? So yeah, it's, it's hard to, it's hard to keep up with, but that's why you just sort of ignore it. The people I feel most sorry about are the trolls who their, their hopes are just built and built and built. And it's like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And then it doesn't happen. So I feel sorry for them. Gen generally I do. Okay. It's not a good thing. All the attention on him and Meghan, they don't like it. Maureen. I know. Because I mean, how, how, how can one monetize oneself without attention? Right. Right, right. How do you get the a hundred million dollars deal from Netflix?


How does Tyler Perry know where to send his private jet to come get you? I love this US weekly conversation at the New York Times Dealbook Summit. Right? What is this entrepreneur of nothing. This guy who has never generated a dollar for his own benefit or edification. What does he know about making deals and making money? He's there because he is a celebrity. Because we're all the trolls. We're all circling the bodies. We all know the divorce is imminent. This is someone, there's, I've said it before. There's not a rental car office. She won't walk through to collect a meaningless award to get her photo taken next to her husband.


The beta royal things are not well in Montecito. I'm just calling it now. It's on my card for 2025. Oh, you, you say this is the year they divorced in My celebrity death pool. This marriage For sure. They're going away of Vineer. Yes. This is the year. Yes. Yes. You know, you're absolutely right. What, what, why is he there other than, because he's a super celebrity and Aaron Sorkin wanted to interview him and get pick up for it. And why did Harry show up? Andrew Ross Sorkin. I always screw them up. And why did he show up? If he hates attention, he can't stand the attention. It's bad that people are interested in his marriage and in him. But here I am. Look at me. And then he did another little bit on how he's not settling his case against Rupert Murdoch on the phone Hack Hacking Scandal.


Because it's about accountability. It's about accountability because he really has a, a real issue with how he's been treated by the press and how his wife has been treated by the press. Meanwhile, they're famous because of the press and the reason they got all their money is because of the press. And he and she have been using the press for decades. But when it doesn't quite suit them, he's gonna be the champion to bring them down. Also watch their new Netflix documentary dropping next week on Polo a Sport America Cares Little to nothing about at all. Sure. And Netflix was apparently very upset because they thought it was gonna sort of be the Harry and Meghan reality show. And it's not. They made like Nacho Fiera. I don't ever say his last name right? No, don't know him. Of Course you don't.


Why would you? Nobody knows who this guy is. He's Harry's famous Argentinian polo player friend. Oh God. And do You know how long it took David freaking Beckham to break through in the United States? It took him like 20 years to become like a major star. Yeah. They like, he and Victoria sort of buddied up to Tom Cruise for a little while and You know, finally they have like the name recognition they had in the, nobody Gives a shit about Polo. No, but You know, they owe oh, oh oh. And then next year is Megan's, we have to make popcorn. Meghan's Netflix show about decorating. Oh my God. And Friendship and hostessing.


I'm really looking forward to that. I can't wait that I will watch. Cannot wait. She's decided to appoint herself CEO of their Montecito lifestyle brand after a fruitless search to find someone able to meet her expectations according to the Daily Mail. Shockingly, no one wants to work for her. Maureen, She's like, Kamala. And you've made this comparison more than once. In much the same way when that drunk Kamala video leaked The best IIII, my heart broke. 'cause I was off that week And I would've taken that thing apart like a pinata. But I thought to myself, she doesn't have a soul in her corner.


Like nobody roots for her. Yeah. Nobody, everybody around her can't stand her because if there were one, they would've taken her by the scruffle of the neck and said, no. Yes. We're not releasing this. No sister, we're gonna wait until you sober up. Exactly. And it's the same with Meghan Markle. She cannot find anyone to work for her because she chases everyone away. Yeah. With her bullying and her temper tantrums and her 4:00 AM emails, At some point you're gonna have to do it yourself. Right. You so many people don't wanna work for you. You have no choice but to say, okay, I'll do it. But You know what? Ultimately you can't run a business that way. So she's gonna have to get a little nicer, or at least find people who don't read the paper and see all the reports about how she treats people. Maureen Callahan, such a pleasure. Such a pleasure, Megan.


Thank you. Have A great weekend. You too. Thanks to all of you. We'll be back on Monday. Thanks for listening. You have a great weekend too. And don't forget, go to megan kelly.com, sign up for our once a week email where we give you the highlights of the show and we got a good one for you this week. Thank you all. See you Monday. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear.


There are some football feelings You can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet. MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM. The Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the D MV BetMGM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER


Holiday Magic is in the air. And Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and More and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DS W store near you or dsw.com.