
Get ready to twist and shout From now to September 28th. MGM National Harbor invites you to journey through time with our latest kiosk game series retro riches. Sign up for MGM rewards to play and explore iconic games, settings, and prizes straight out of the jukebox diner era. Win up to $25,000 in free Play daily and entries into our pops legendary card drawing on September 28th. Learn more@mgmnationalharbor.com. Must be 21. Please play responsibly for help. Visit MD gambling help.org or 1-800-GAMBLER.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average. Compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show Vice President Kamala Harris will give a primetime interview tonight. It's finally happening to her running mate Governor Tim Walls that's right in an extra F you to the American media and all of you. They are both interviewing each other for what promises to be a very hard hitting cross-examination. It's a pre-taped, highly produced video that's gonna be posted to the campaign's YouTube this evening.


The media are disgusting If. you continue to act as their PR agents following her around every little rally begging for crumbs. You're even more disgusting than we thought you were. The title of the event, Kamala Harris and Tim Walz on Tacos Music, oh and The Future of America. Meantime, CNN keeps bringing on Harris campaign reps to ask Why isn't she talking to us? Why is, what if I lose a little weight? What if I become captain of the cheerleaders? Then will she talk to me? Joining me now, Maureen Callahan, she is a columnist for the Daily Mail and she's also the author of the huge hit, recently released book, Ask Not, the Kennedys and the Women They Destroyed.


In June when the book was released, we did an in-depth interview with Maureen on her book. Episode 8, 2, 3. I'm telling you, you will love it. Check it out. When you have some spare time,


you work hard to support yourself and your family. But. it may seem like you're taking a step back every month instead of moving forward. When the bills are higher than what you bring in every month, you have to swipe that credit card to cover the difference and the debt keeps adding up. But If you own a home. Our friends at American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American financing is saving people an average of $854 a month. Think about what you could do with an extra $800 every month and not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments. Even better. It costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American financing and If. you start today. You may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American financing today and start your journey toward being debt free. 8 8 8 5 2 8 12 19. That's 8 8 8 5 2 8 12 19. American financing.net/kelly.


Maureen, welcome back. Thank you so much for having me Megan. I'm so happy to be here with you today and to talk about all things Kamala. Oh my Lord. It's, it's amazing what a middle finger to everyone. This is Not only that. So I looked at this teaser clip of what we're going to be treated to this evening and she and Tim Waltz are talking about Tim missing her call, asking him to be her running mate. So this is the guy who's literally waiting for the call. Right? The biggest call of his life thus far. And he doesn't pick it up.


That to me is like the metaphor for what this entire calamity of an interview will be like. Just don't pick up. That's what they do with all the media. Just don't pick up. So she, here's the clip you're referring to. This was the tease they put out online to get us all super salivating to hear more from this power couple watch I called you. You Tim. I was hoping maybe we wouldn't have To. I called you Tim. Yes. You didn't answer Tim. I know, I know The, what happened? The most important call of my life. It popped up and we didn't recognize the, the caller ID and it went to, it went to voicemail. Hi, This is Tim. I'm not able to answer. There you go.


Thank you. Hey Tim, it's Kala. I really wanna talk to you. It is an amazing privilege. I'm excited. I just want to be part of the excitement that you're generating. So, well, we're doing it together, buddy. It's fun. We're doing it together. Oh my lord. Maureen, let me just give you a sample of the media reaction to this clip. Just in case you didn't have the vomit right there in your throat. We're gonna get at this. Here's M-S-N-B-C and Jason Johnson reacting. That's right. Governor Walls missed a call from the vice president asking him to be her running mate. 'cause he doesn't answer numbers, he doesn't recognize like the rest of us.


It's that joy and laughter you saw in that video that is really causing Donald Trump to spiral The joy. It he starts. Oh joy. They're just like us. It's all joy. Oh, I thought it was a telemarketer. Guess what, Tim Waltz is not like the rest of us. He's waiting for a call within a certain timeframe to get the nod or the nay. So, you know, and this whole, again, to your point, there are no shortage of sympathetic cheerleading outfits and journalists who would be happy to lob softball after softball kamala's way.


But the way that they are keeping her obscured, I mean, I think we all know what's going on. She's the Sarah Palin of the left. Yes. Yes. I said this to my husband the other day. Please expand on that. Well, you know, they finally gave Sarah Palin free range with Katie Corick, who infamously asked her, what papers do you read? She couldn't name a single periodical. All of 'em. All of 'em. She said just All, all of 'em. 'cause we all have time to read all of 'em as her What her mo, what her most consequential Supreme Court decision was, she couldn't name a single one. She couldn't name a single one.


Kamala is famous for not doing the work. Right? We've all read the stories. Washington Post fairly sympathetic, nonetheless ran a great expose of the number of staffers. She goes through the churn and burn. I think 90% of her staff since she took office. The main problem they all say is they compile the briefing books for her, put them in front of her, leave the room. She doesn't crack them open. And then when she's asked about said policies, she can't answer the question. 'cause she hasn't done the reading. And she reams out her staff because she is unprepared.


That is who they are hiding in the metaphorical basement. The woman who won't do the work, but she can bring you joy. Joy. Oh, it's so joyful. I mean, I, I commented on this on Twitter. JD Vance came on this show like a week after accepting the nomination when the cat lady comments were all over him and he told the story of Trump calling him in what was a celebrity apprentice like, elimination round. And he told a story weeks ago about how he missed the call from Trump. And all I could think when I saw this last night was she copies everything. She can't even have an original VP story.


For those of you who missed it, here's JD Vance. Speaking about that, how did he put it to you? How did he ask you and how did it feel? Well, the funny thing make it is we're the hotel room in Milwaukee. We had just arrived. He apparently called and I didn't see the call. I guess it went straight to voicemail or something. So I call him back and he answers the phone and he says, you know, jd, you missed a very important phone call. Maybe I'll have to give this to somebody else. And in the background, my seven year old's talking about Pikachu, I'm like, God, for the love of God son, for 30 seconds, just let me have this conversation. And it's funny, the president hears him and says, put him on the phone and then asks my 7-year-old, what do you think about this statement?


I'm about, about to put out nominating your, your dad for vice president? And my son listens to it. He says, oh, that sounds nice. Now, I didn't see Jason Johnson over on M-S-N-B-C saying the joy between these two men as they celebrate his being raised up to this amazing position and the kindness of Trump to speak to the little boy on the phone. No, the joy is reserved only for Harris waltz, no matter how many children he wants to have cut up in his state without the permission of their parents. Here's what I can't wait for. So the DNC begins on Monday.


anti-Israel protestors are going to be busing in from all over the country, including battleground states, tens of thousands. Reportedly the how much joy will be outside the DNC. How much coverage of this will we actually see? This is astonishing to me. They cannot run from the media for the entire length of this campaign. When is she going to do a sit down one-on-one? I I, I can't believe the rest of the media isn't on fire about this. Can you imagine if Donald Trump or JD Vance said they were in effect, going to orchestrate a media blackout because they weren't getting a fair shake.


Kamala's gonna get the greatest shake of all shakes. Right, exactly. Like they have anything to fear from George Stephanopoulos or Rachel Maddow. And by the way, the expose you, you mentioned that they did on Kamala Harris and what a bully she is to the point where all of her staff has left. That of course, was pre her being anointed as the presidential candidate. This was all back when she was still the, the dumped dumpster fire of the Biden administration where they were fine dumping on her and blaming problems on her. But these, these were her own staffers. So Washington Post was happy to do that story. Then I haven't seen anything about what a bully she is since then.


I've only seen her presented as this champion of women because she loves abortion. It all boils down to abortion rights that makes you a champion of women. Doesn't matter how you treat women on your staff. I mean, I said this Maureen, and you are the perfect person to talk about this with. She is Meghan Markle. She's Meghan Markle in a different form, 100%. Everything about her and what her sort of surface appearance represents is meant to make everybody sort of feel better about themselves. But she is a bully. She is a mean nasty piece of work. And in my experience, people who run, whether it's a corporation or just their own staff like that, typically do so because they know deep down they don't have the goods.


It's a distraction technique. It's a way to make people operate in fear. People never operate at their best when they're afraid. I have a theory about what really binds Biden and Kamala, and you saw it with Biden in, in the lead up to that first debate. They had this sort of soundbite where he was saying to, to, to Trump, make my day pal. You know, that Clint Eastwood like ancient thing with his aviators on like, cool Joe. I think that deep down Biden and Kamala both know that they're frauds, that they locked into their positions, not through grit or intelligence.


They just stuck around long enough until the game of musical chairs left them alone with the final chair. It's why Kamala can't speak extemporaneously. And it's why she won't sit down with anyone until the 11th hour. She's probably gonna do it, I'm gonna guess on 60 minutes after she gets to hand pick who's going to interview her. It will probably be Leslie Stall, who, if we recall the interview she did with Trump, just refuse to acknowledge some of the truths of what he was saying. It's gonna be like that. And I, I just, it's so disheartening for this election. We're always told, oh, this one's the one. This is the, the fate of democracy rests in the voter's hands this election.


One of my favorite tells in the past, I wanna say few weeks, was Ezra Klein, I think you covered this on your show where he said, of the New York Times, he said, I talk to Top Dems all the time and when I talk to them about the possibility of a second Trump term, they say, yeah, we can work with that guy. It's not the end of democracy that's just red meat for the base. That was when Joe Biden was still in office and they were trying to reconcile their fa their cell themselves to the fact that he was gonna lose. I was like, is it so bad? You know, maybe we just have to deal with the fact that he's going down and we'll just get through it. One more term of Trump, now that they have a shot, again, it's existential threat.


All the women are gonna lose all their rights, you know, hide the children. But I wanna pick up on what you said about her being a phony. So, and by the way, the reason I draw the Meghan Markle analogy is because you and I have been talking for months about how all of her staff quits. We just had another major staffer from who'd worked for Meghan and Harry for three months quit. They all quit because she's a bully. She's not that talented. She knows it and she blames everyone around her. And that's exactly the case for Kamala. Both of these women happened to be mixed race and happened to have gotten far in life. Based on in part this need to anoint people of certain demographics because it makes people feel good.


Now we've gotta celebrate Meghan Markle as a champion of, of women. Why? Again? Because she, she's mixed race and she married a prince. Okay, whatever. So back to Kamala and her fraud, her fraudster nature. So she steals Trump's no taxes on tips plan. She decides to celebrate the same I called Tim Walz story that the Trump campaign had already come out with. That was their special moment. She liked it. She's like, oh, that's gonna be our special moment too. Then it reminded me of something that happened earlier that's now come back to haunt her. And that is her appearance on the Jimmy Fallon show. This is June of 2020 when she told this story.


This made around the rounds not long ago. She told this story about what it was like being raised, by the way, by Marxists. Her parents were Marxists, were doing a deep dive for the audience. It'll come out soon and here's what she claimed. You get that energy from your, your parents or the the thought of, Hey, I have to fight for what's right and I gotta get out there. And I mean, when, when were you out there protesting? Well, I was in a stroller. I was in a stroller. And so I was out there and in fact my mother used to have a very funny story, but I was fussing and, and, and she said, Kamala, what do you want? And I said, and this is how she would say it.


And she said, Kamala, what do you want? And I said, tweet em. No. Oh, come on. It was a much cuter story when she would tell it. But that's the story. And also when Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Told it because it's his, she stole it. She stole it. When she told it to Fallon, she stole it. When she put it in her, the prefaces to her, to her 2010 book, smart on Crime. She stole it when she told it to L magazine. And sharp-eyed readers noticed the uncanny similarities in that story to the one that MLK told during a January, 1965 interview with Playboy magazine.


In the piece he recalled, a moment he witnessed between a young black girl and a white police officer, not involving Kamala Harris by the way, where he says, I will never forget a moment in Birmingham when a white police officer accused accosted a little negro girl quoting here, seven or eight years old, who was walking in a demonstration with her mother. What do you want? The policeman asked her gruffly. And the little girl looked at him straight in the eye and answered, feed him. She's a fraud. Wow, What a phony. It reminds me of that Seinfeld episode where Elaine's boss, Jay Peterman, buys all of Kramer's best stories for his memoir because he has nothing of his own to offer.


He really doesn't have a weird idiosyncratic mind. And this is really, I mean it's funny to laugh about it, but this is somebody who lacks a single original thought, a single story that she feels is reflective of who she is and how she became that way. If she can't offer that, what kind of original vision can she offer? I mean, if we're really gonna free ourselves from the shackles of this Gerontocracy Biden forced out, very bitter about it. Trump, he's showing his age, he's showing his age.


There was somebody on your show the other day. Was it Nate Silver who was talking about, you know, age limits for presidents? Yeah. Which I think is a great idea. Same for the halls of Congress. You know, let's talk about then talk. What is the vision of potentially the first Gen X president? What does she have to offer us? Because so far it's been nothing. It's just been laughter and joy. Yeah. Which is bake because she's a bully by the way. I do think it's interesting over the past couple of days and previously on this show, I have acknowledged what you just said, that Trump is showing his age at times and that he really needs to be reigned in on the rambling. Because right now he needs a tight message and he needs to hammer it over and over and over the way he did in 16 China, China build the wall, build the wall.


And he is not doing that. So I've noticed something in the media. I say anything like that, it goes all over the internet. It was leading Drudge for like two days. Those comments that I made the other day. Yeah. I say something about Kamala, which I do all, all the time, all the same media runs to fact check me. Oh, not true. That can't possibly be true. But all of it's true. I don't say things that aren't true and if I do, I correct myself. It's amazing how they run cover for her. And then anything negative that comes out of we truth tellers in the world, they blow it up into a multi-day story. It's just, it's such evidence of their disgusting bias. These same media frauds would never dream of criticizing their own side because they only have one goal, which is to get her elected.


Yeah, it's infuriating. It's the same thing they just went through with Joe Biden. They spent years running cover for Joe Biden. Right. How many times did we hear, oh this is the best Joe Biden quoting Joe Scarborough, the sharpest, the most mentally acute, you should see him behind closed doors, his 20 something staffers can't keep up with him. Really? Then we see this debate where nobody can tell us what we have seen is not what we have seen. And suddenly the media turns and is trying to flush him out. Now they're doing the exact same thing with Kamala, the exact same thing. Instead of holding her feet to the fire and making her prosecute her case.


This, if this former prosecutor cannot prosecute her case as to why she should be the next president and not Donald Trump, she has no business being here. Why are we coddling her? Why She hasn't been held to account on any of her flip flops. And I will say Nikki Haley had an interesting proposal on Fox the other day for Trump saying you should not accept these attempted reversals by her campaign spokespeople via written statement until she comes out and makes clear she's reversing all of her policy prescriptions, which did include banning red meat that was said directly to Erin Burnett on CNN at a CNN Town hall.


Go ahead and Google it. Which did include getting rid of private health insurance and making us all go on the government Medicare program that's right there on tape repeatedly, which did include softer border policies and pulling away from enforcement and not prosecuting illegals and not deporting any illegals and health insurance for illegal. All those things that she had pushed. But now she wants to us to believe she's tough on the border. She's releasing ads purporting to be tough on the board. So these should be ignored. These, the new policy reversals other than to call out her emptiness should be ignored. She's on record with her policies, she is on record and we should proceed accordingly.


And I actually think that's a great idea. Do we have that, that border ad? I'm trying to see. We have so many soundbites today. I'm not sure if we have it, but if we do we'll pull it, we'll pull it later. But we did find this Maureen standby, the Sarah Palin moment that you and I referenced a moment ago. Watch When it comes to establishing your worldview, I was curious what newspapers and magazines did you regularly read before you were tapped for this to stay informed and to understand The world. I've read most of them again with a great appreciation for the press for the media. But like what One specifically, I'm curious that you, All of 'em, any of 'em that have have been in front of me over all these years, I have.


I have a vast variety of sources where we get our news to, Oh my God, that's horrifying. A vast horrifying variety. Not ready for prime That're trying to avoid. That's what they're trying to avoid. And actually watching that back, you know, Tina Fey as Sarah Palin had so much sway that election cycle. I wonder, will Saturday Night Live go after Kamala and Tim, will they hire a Kamala? Will they hire a Tim? They were hands off with Obama. You know this, all of it is just, there was something else you said that I wanted to circle back to and it, I forget what it was it, what were you talking about at the top of that?


Oh, the Kamala thing where she said, I'm against, I'm against fracking. I'm against red meat and I'm against private health insurance. That CNN question, it was, she was asked the question, would you be, the way it was framed was sort of, would you be against sort of teeing her up to say no and she would just offhandedly say no. Yeah, I'm for that. I'm for that. I'm for that. There there was, there was no meat on that bone. There was no sort of logical cogent thought process that she could articulate that could tell us how she got to that point. One of her lackeys, one of the DNC's lackeys, Claire Mc McCaskill on M-S-N-B-C the other day told us that we should all just wait.


It's all gonna be fine. Her campaign, not Kamala, her campaign is going to outline her policies on the website for all of us to read. So again, telling us we should not be waiting with bated breath to hear Kamala tell us in her own words extemporaneously what her policies will be and how she will enact them. That's the thing. It's like Trump is definitely showing signs of age. She's showing signs of idiocy, which is a bigger problem. Like why aren't, and I don't care, people are like, oh, they shouldn't attack her as stupid. She does seem stupid to me. I will attack her as stupid.


That's my prerogative. Trump can do whatever the hell he wants, but she seems dumb and I'm not afraid to say it. Show me otherwise. I've seen a person who can memorize lines to deliver in a debate, but I have not seen a person who can speak extemporaneously in any depth about any issue of substance. Prove me wrong. Let's see it if I'm wrong, put her out there. Agreed 100%. So I was thinking about this this morning in advance of speaking to you about this, and I've been thinking for a while, Kamala reminds me of nobody so much as Chauncey Gardner. And for any of your audience who may not be familiar, this was a very famous comic novel that came out in 1971 by Jersey Kaczynski.


It was called being there. And it's about a guy who is just sort of through luck and circumstance, fluffed into the, into the halls of power. And he says very little and he sort of speaks inanities, but because this is so original to them, they take him as an oracle and he winds up being considered for vice president of the United States. It turns out the truth about Chauncey Gardner is that he's a mentally impaired dude who got everything he ever learned from watching tv. And when I see Kamala, I see Chauncey Gardner, Yes, she's been elevated within the Democrat party after again being raised by Marxists and, and in circles that are Marxists who funded her, who helped her become Da Willie Brown of course did too, become a California attorney general.


And by the way, now we've got this ad we did pull it on her like alleged border. Now she wants to be, oh I'm tough on the border. I'm gonna be super tough on the border because she, she's citing back to when she was DA in San Francisco and she had to prosecute some gang members. She wasn't prosecuting them for anything having to do with illegally crossing the border. If a drug crime popped up that was bad enough, she would prosecute it had nothing to do with the illegal sta, she was not some border cracked down nut as San Francisco da. This is what she's showing. I'll show you in the ad in one second. And then she got tapped by Joe Biden because he promised Jim Clyburn, he would pick a black woman. Those are her qualifications at this point. When she was running, she said the most leftist things possible, she did not get the nomination because the Democrat party of 20 was not far that far left.


And now she's trying to both pretend she's become a more moderate, she wants to say Joe Biden like candidate, even though he became leftist because his staff is, and that's who was running the presidency. But I'm more, I'm like Scran and Joe, I'm really more moderate than I was in 19. And at the same time, according to Axios distancing herself from all of his policies, right, like I, I am different than he is on the economy. I'm tougher than he is on the border. All the things that make him moderate, I'm the same as just fill in the blanks in your head and all the things that bother you about him. I'm my own woman and I'm gonna do it totally different. And for those of you who are far left progressive Marxists, I'm that too.


And not speaking to anybody allows this imaginary experiment to work. Exactly. I don't know what campaign strategist would ever say. Try to be all things to all people and voters can see right through that. You know, what is she, what is she going this? So another thing I wanted to mention to you, it's a little bit of a wild theory, but I have this theory that Donald Trump is laying low and having sort of these reported freakouts that we've been hearing about, about running against Kamala and debating her. But I actually think he might be sort of rope doping her in the Muhammad Ali style, allowing her to luxuriate in this warm bath of toothless media coverage that is anointing her as the second coming.


Not since Barack Obama have we been so impassioned by a candidate so elevated and lifted up. And I think once she gets on that debate stage, she's gonna be taken very far back on her heels because she will not have any of the warning signs that a regular candidate gets to make them into a warrior when they take that debate stage. I don't know, does that sound crazy to you? No, it doesn't sound crazy, but I, I don't know if I agree with it because you know, I did go back and watch that debate she had with Mike Pence last Friday. I watched it on Friday and she was good. I mean I have to, I'm not her fan, but I have to admit she did it.


She did a good job. You know, I'd give her like a BB plus. She was snarky and unlikable. I didn't, you know, wanna vote for her. But she handled her own and it was clear to me that she can do prep. You know, she, unlike Joe Biden, she can remember her rehearsed a little bits and deliver them because she still relatively young. She still has her mind, you know, she's not smart, but she can memorize. And she was smart enough to realize, this is where I insert the answer on Trump's tax cuts. This is where I insert my answer on, you know, whatever women's rights. So that stuff she was able, able to do, he'd have to get her off her heels. Like you'd have to actually engage in a real debate with her. And there's a real question about whether a, BC will let that happen.


Maureen, you know, there's, you saw the news this week, Dana Walden, who is at the top of the A BC power structure now reportedly he's gonna take over for Iger is literally her best friend or one of them. She, Kamala Harris said that Dana Walden, it's a woman, is responsible for her marriage to Kamala's husband and they're apparently extremely close. So you tell me how hard these a, b, c news journalists whose instincts are to go left. Anyway, we saw that a, BC news reporter with Trump at the National Association of Black Journalists. They're not Yeah. Trump's fans. So you have these rabid Trump haters coupled with people who answer to a woman who's one of Kamala's best friends creating a really tough environment for Trump.


He's used to those, but it's not gonna be really tough for her. It won't be. I mean, you would hope that those journalists would want to prove their impartiality. I mean, for me, the, one of the easiest questions that Trump can level towards her that she would have a hard time answering I think is regarding Joe Biden's health. What did you know and when did you know it? Because neither answer is good either you were so far out of the loop and doing nothing of consequence that you were insulated from this, which was visible to anybody, or you did know this entire time and you were also running cover for what is essentially a figurehead.


And to your, to a second point that you, that you brought up again, if she can memorize and sort of take her cues and know when to talk about a certain proposal in a debate and stand her ground, that's great. But yet again, are we just electing another figurehead of the Democrat party and not an actual president? It feels like Kamala is their next useful idiot. Yes, yes. I know it's, I don't have high hopes for the debate. I hope I'm proven wrong. I really do. I hope that the moderators actually ask her some tough questions.


I think they'll ask about the flip flops. I mean that would just be such a dereliction of duty that I think they'll understand for their own reputations. They must ask. But she's gonna be prepared on all that. You know, you've really gotta torque it up at a debate and ask your a plus level difficulty question to these guys. It's not that hard. If you are, you know, an honest broker with these, which these people aren't. Now it looks like, I don't know what's happening with the debates we have the A BC one agreed to for September 10th. Trump also said I'll do one with Fox and NBC. It seems like Kamala Harris is going to agree to the NBC one, but not the Fox one, which is such a cop out.


She is such a chicken shit coward. And JD Vance, on the other hand, has agreed to two vice presidential debates. And I think Tim Waltz is saying he'll do one but hasn't committed to the other. Now it would be unusual to have more than one vice presidential debate, but why not? Let's go, let's do it. Like, let's see these, you know this guy who loves all the adoring crowds and he's, you know, your dad, your Midwestern dad. Why wouldn't dad sit down with such a young gentlemanly man and give him a few life lessons in front of America? So do you think these debates, maybe five, maybe two, maybe three total are going to matter because early voting is about to start.


I Know the early voting thing is what really frightens me. I do think they're going to matter. I think, you know, this is in the way that, you know, when we were all watching that debate in June and I was texting with friends of mine and one of them said, this looks, this feels fatal, this feels terminal. And I think that we are all now so engaged in this in a way that we haven't been before. And the Dems knew, yes, by switching out Biden, they would change the narrative. They would galvanize the base. The base is incredibly enthusiastic. I mean it's wild considering that the New York Post reported incredibly that Obama was pissed that Biden essentially handed her the nomination because he thinks she can't look, she can't win and say what you want about Barack Obama.


But he's pretty smart when it comes to this stuff. And I think he knows despite, again, this media tongue bath, it's an evanescent thing. It's not permanent. And I think that's why these debates are so important and people will be paying attention because the mainstream media is not doing its job right now. It's so disheartening. I mean, I listen to your show and I laugh a lot, but I I'm also just so incredibly frustrated by what's become of the fourth estate. I know we always laugh when we do the news, but then I wind up feeling like there's this great, great comedian, his name is Dove Davidson. He per performs at the Comedy Cellar among other places in and around New York.


And we saw him back when Trump was running in 16. He did this very funny bit on Trump and his bit went as follows. Something along the lines of, and I love the way Trump talks, you know, like, we're gonna get rid of Obamacare. And he is like, okay, yeah, get rid of Obamacare. Right? We don't like the individual mandate. Right? And and what are you gonna replace it with? something amazing, something amazing. And he's like, I listen to it and I say, yeah. And then I think to myself, why don't I feel good? I don't feel very good with, that's, that's the news cycle, right? You have to find opportunities to laugh at it. But net net I don't feel good. I don't like what's happening. Charles CW Cook at National Review had a piece out today has saying something to the effect of no one gives a shit about anything.


They're just gonna elect Based on personality. They don't seem to care about policy voters. They don't seem to care about more than these stupid vibes a word we're all sick of. And they know these personalities, they sort of see them as figureheads for, you know, whatever their imagined goals are. And that's what they're gonna base. They're not gonna listen to, we're not gonna have a country anymore 'cause the border's open. Maybe they're not even gonna listen to you. There's gonna be no more reproductive rights ever. I don't know, they're just gonna say, I like her and I don't like him. Or vice versa. What do you make of that? So I would disagree with that. And I'm just gonna say anecdotally, living in New York, so my brother and sister-in-Law live in a really nice part of Brooklyn.


Clean residential family oriented three miles away is Floyd Bennett Field, which has been turned into a shelter for migrants. My sister-in-Law was telling me that she was gathering items to donate to the local Catholic church, had left them out in the front yard while she went to grab something else. Came back and found a ton of migrants pawing through her stuff in her yard. And I think this is the kind of stuff, whether it's the migrant crisis, whether it's the soft on crime policies that see, see these hardened criminals turfed out of the system back on the street, whether it's reproductive rights, whatever, whether it's foreign policy, the world on fire.


I have no idea what Kamala Harris wants to do. Vis-a-vis Russia, Iran, China, Israel. Neither Does she, there's Still hundred 61 hostages over there. We never hear about them. I I i, I think maybe for a segment of sort of the chattering class, it, it feels like it's gonna be reduced to a cult of personality election. And I do take Charles's point, but I do think that for most hardworking Americans, these things really do matter. There is a bit that Charlie Kirk's group put together. They went and started interviewing like these pro Kamala rally goers turning point and tried to get a feel for what is it you love about her?


Like why? And here's a bit of that Today we're trying to find out from the attendees what Kamala Harris's greatest accomplishment has been a vp. I mean, honestly, I'm not too into politics. I'm just here for the vibe Becoming the first female vice president. So becoming, just becoming the VP is the best accomplishment. Yeah, absolutely. Being A good person. Being a good person. Yeah. She's, I mean she's, she's she's, I dunno, she seems really good for women. What is Kamala's like top accomplishment you think?


I can't say anything right now. Gimme a second. Her top, her top like contributions to policy or policy as vp. I wasn't in on the policy making decis decisions with, with President Biden. So I don't know Her favorite policies. Oh my gosh. See, I wish they would tell us more about that. 'cause I honestly don't know. Oh my lord, Maureen. No, I know. It's like that old nicho skit where like you would just ask average Americans like how many states there are. They have no idea, you know, like what the First Amendment says. They have no idea. But I think that to that last, the last part of that clip where that woman says, I wish they would tell us more about her policies.


I have no idea. The media has a lot to answer for in regards to that. It's true. It's our job to make her tell us. Here's the border add I've been mentioning that she puts out like I honestly, she, she's trying to be John Wayne now down at the border, guns Ling and Kamala. Here it is. Kamala Harris has spent decades fighting violent crime as a border state prosecutor. She took on drug cartels and jailed gang members for smuggling weapons and drugs across the border as vice president. She backed the toughest border control bill in decades. And as president, she will hire thousands more border agents and crack down on fentanyl and human trafficking.


Fixing the border is tough. So is Kamala Harris. I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. It's just completely false. That is so misrepresentative of what she's actually done as the borders are as the person responsible for root causes. That's, that's her out on this. She's like, I was responsible for the root causes. That's all. I funneled some money to these, you know, these countries down south to try to get them to have better jobs down there so that, that they wouldn't come to America. First of all, no one wants our money going down there. Build a fucking wall. Okay, I sorry, but like you failed your po whatever you tried to do, it was an utter abject failure.


So I really don't wanna hear about you sending our money to get jobs in these third world countries because we need jobs here. And your job plan failed. And second of all, just the dishonesty of it, Maureen, the dishonesty of it when we've had record influx of illegal immigrants on her watch to try to sell us this nonsense is disrespectful. It's pe Trump gets pummeled all the time for not saying things that are true. Like he went down in a helicopter with Willie Brown, but then he didn't really, where's the fact check on this bullshit? Well, it's the same media. I mean remember Megan, she wasn't the borders are, but this ad seems to imply that she was, maybe borders are adjacent, but then the bulk of the media told us that she in fact was never the borders are, and this wasn't part of her remit.


So it's, it's understandable if one's head is spinning. I just read a report that the migrant crisis has already cost New York City $5 billion. And that's just the beginning of what it's going to cost. As these migrants continue to come in as the city can no longer absorb them, as our own mayor is saying, we can't take anymore. Like we have to rethink our, our position as a sanctuary city. And again, like this ad is so boilerplate and it's such bullshit. I don't think anybody really thinks that Kamala Harris wants to do anything about the border crisis.


No, she doesn't. She's made that that clear as Trump's been pointing out now, she literally sits 10 steps away from the oval. What I mean is she that feckless, she's had this secret border enforcement plan all along. She just couldn't get it through the old man who's incompetent and not even speaking News nation, God bless 'em. 'cause they're actually one of the few out there that are trying to do actual journalism around her. They fact checked her ad and said basically what I just said, that her implication, she was directly involved in border cartel cases appears to stretch the truth. Claims about her jailing gang members for smuggling also seem inflated while she did prosecute gang members. These cases mostly involved local drug offenses rather than international smuggling operations.


She's a liar. She's a, she's a disgusting liar. And by the way, you know, when you take a look at like the border and her foreign policy chops, there are none. She absolutely has none. She's never been a governor, she's never submitted ideas for how to handle foreign policy. And she has bragged that when it came to our disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal, she was the last one in the room. She insisted on it and she was the last one in the room. Tell it to the Taliban who are now literally in the streets, Maureen parading the billions of dollars worth of equipment we left behind on this, the three year anniversary.


Look, these are Taliban fighters parading American weapons and tanks through the streets three years after the disastrous withdrawal. For whom? For which no one was fired and no one took responsibility. And she's still on record as saying she was the last person in the room bragging that she was part of the decision making. You know, it's like Biden always saying he was the last person in the room with Obama. And Biden being the only advisor who told Obama going after Bin Laden. He shouldn't do it. Biden who's who three days after the Afghanistan withdrawal.


We all saw that horrific imagery of those poor boys clinging to our fighter planes falling from the sky. Callously saying when he was asked about that disaster, oh, come on man, that was like three days ago. Why are we talking about that? Are you kidding me? I don't think we see half of what we see on the world stage without our Inglorious feckless exit from Afghanistan. I don't know that we see Russia dating Ukraine. I don't know that we see Hamas executing October 7th. I think the world's leaders are very much hoping for a Kamala Harris presidency. I think our enemies are very much hoping for a Kamala Harris presidency for these reasons.


You've got, it was $7 billion worth of military equipment left behind, 7 billion. And now on the anniversary of our pullout, they've rub it in our face. Really think they're afraid of Kamala Harris. Think again. You mentioned, you know, the international conflict and you mentioned earlier the Israel conflict and they're not gonna get away with a drama free convention just because she selected Tim Walz. And we're already seeing that. She's been heckled at a couple of events by these pro Hamas, pro-Palestinian protestors. And just last night in New York at an event that apparently wrongly suggested Kamala and Tim Walz were going to be there.


But they weren't. Governor Hoel was there and the mayor of New York City was there. These pro-Palestinian protestors showed up in droves and caused mayhem. Take a look at the video. Dare Are there smoke bombs?


This is insane. I mean like for the listening audience. It was absolute pandemonium. They were outside of a restaurant in Harlem called Bird in Hand Again because there had been a suggestion that Kamala and Tim Walz were going to be there. They wound up getting stuck with Mayor Eric Adams and Governor Hoel and the burden hand owner Brian gave the New York Post interview saying a handful of people from the community swung by for an informal dinner after the rally that these dems were at. And he suspects some of the protestors followed them to the restaurant. He credited cops for their quick action and his staff. He estimated damages to the restaurant's, outdoor seating area, at least a few thousand bucks. It's my flowers that took the worst of the beating.


He said myself and my business partner were both born and bred. New Yorkers we're for everybody. I don't know what the target or intention was based around this But, it makes no sense to me. Meanwhile, they're outside Graffitiing police cars with free Gaza. Over a dozen people were taken into custody. The stunned patrons were looking on, the cops were taking rebel rousers into custody. The crowd circled the police. You heard the whistles, the sounds smoke bombs. This is just a event in Harlem, Maureen, this isn't the Democratic national Convention. And their party is more fractured than their joyful messaging. Next week is going to lead us to believe 100%.


And it's such a dereliction of leaders on the left. You know, this is, I really feel like this is such a moral crisis. Those images from DC a few weeks ago with, you know, right outside Union Station, all of that graffiti Yeah. And someone hanging the Palestinian flag and you know, cheering on Hamas, which it is a terrorist organization that would murder 90% of the people agitating for them because they are sexually fluid. Whatever. I it, this is such a moral crisis and I think it is so again, weak and convenient of the left to try to pretend this isn't even happening.


I mean, I really wonder where the big voices are on this, where the Clintons are, where the Obamas are. Why we hear this deafening silence over what I think is, is, is the, is the moral issue of our time. Yeah. And they just reelected Ilan Omar in Minnesota. Yeah. Tim Wells' favorite politician. He's on record whenever it, whenever he thinks about Ilan Omar being in office. He smiles. She just got reelected because the Democratic Party has an enormous affection that is becoming more and more radicalized by the day.


What's happening in London could happen here. We're gonna tackle that after Maureen. But first Maureen stays with us. We're gonna get to among other news today, Matthew Perry and Maureen's been on before talking about his death. The Feds are indicting multiple people in connection with his death today. Standby for that.


Some Americans enjoy using their credit cards because it can be a hassle-free and secure way to pay. But our sponsor, the American Payments Coalition, says that some DC politicians wanna change that with the Durban Marshall credit card bill. They say the bill let's corporate mega stores pick how your credit card is processed, allowing them to use untested payment networks that jeopardize your data security and rewards. They say corporate mega stores will make more money and you'll wind up paying the price. Find out more info@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're there to


The summer is all sunshine, smiles, and road trips. That is until the hot weather wreaks havoc on your engine. And before you know it, you're waiting for roadside assistance and paying for costly repairs. With CarShield, the heat doesn't have to rob you of your summer Fun broken AC and electrical problems are common in high heat and expensive summer car issues. Now is the time to put your faith in America's most trusted vehicle protection company. CarShield and shield yourself from pricey summer breakdowns. CarShield expert representatives are available to help you find the best options for your vehicle and the most affordable and flexible plans to fit your budget. Now CarShield is offering 20% off your plan. Just visit carshield.com/carlson. Don't sweat it this summer. Choose CarShield, get your free quote. Visit carshield.com/carlson. That's carshield.com/carlson carshield.com/carlson. Coverage varies by plan, view contracts and exclusions@carshield.com.


Get ready to twist and shout From now to September 28th. MGM National Harbor invites you to journey through time with our latest kiosk game series retro riches. Sign up for MGM rewards to play and explore iconic games, settings, and prizes straight out of the jukebox diner era. Win up to $25,000 in free play daily and entries into our pops legendary car drawing on September 28th. Learn more@mgmnationalharbor.com. Must be 21. Please play responsibly for help. Visit md gambling help.org or 1-800-GAMBLER


Maureen. Couple things that I wanna get to with you before we get to Matthew Perry. Which news is breaking in right this second. As the indictments are being announced and the names are being read aloud, the Bulwark, this anti-Trump publication, they were born to resist Trump. This is like part of the resistance. And this woman Mona Cha Ria has a piece out today entitled The Man Child versus the Man's Man, the Man Child versus the Man's Man. And guess who the man's man is? It's Tim Walz. Oh, and lemme just give you a little, a little flavor for what she posits.


If Harris becomes the first woman president, her first accomplishment could well have already happened. Elevating an honoring the positive side of masculinity. He's a man's man without being a strutting jackass. I don't know if any of this factored into Harris's calculations, but a good male role model is an excellent foil for the swaggering snarling, cartoonish version of masculinity on offer from the Republican party right now, Trump's masculinity bears none of the hallmarks of manly virtue. Restraint honor service to others responsibility or self-sacrifice. Instead he offers braggadocio, putdowns disrespect for women and vulgarity.


I mean, it's amazing to me already. 'cause it's like, what about what? What are some other hallmarks of what a man's man looks like? What a, what a harm hallmark of masculinity is. How about strength? How about courage? How about the willingness to fight for others when under extreme threat and pressure, all of which Trump has showed. How about kindness to those around you, your family, kids in the golf store, as I mentioned with our own family friend recently down at Mar-a-Lago. Does any of that count for what a man actually is? Mona, how about intelligence? By the way, it doesn't sound like she's all that familiar with that. She goes on like Trump in the alt-right? Figures. He surrounds himself with JD Vance does nothing to encourage men to be their best selves, but instead spews contempt for women.


He's a father. He's married to a professional woman who's double clerk for the Supreme Court. She's no dummy. She's a practicing attorney. But I guess he hates women and he hates w working women according to her, in the face of this brutalist version of masculinity, the Democratic party is now honoring a different kind of man in walls. And now here's where you really need to brace yourself, my friend. Okay, brace yourself Maureen, as the Atlantic put it, dad is on the ballot. She goes on Harris' selection of walls gave rise to a whole genre of warm dad memes. Tim Walz just slipped me a 20 on my way out the door because you never know if someplace doesn't take credit cards, I'm not done.


Another post that walls would take care of the wasps nest for you. Still another muse that Tim Walz beeps at you at a red light motions for you to put your window down and tells you that your right rear tire could use some air. And finally, this, as romance writer and editor Jennifer Pro up put it in all seriousness, I think there are a lot of us who hope our dads would've ended up a lot more like Tim Walz than JD Vance. If it wasn't for Fox News, and maybe that's why he makes us feel the way we do Tim Walz may be the father figure, the Democratic party and the country needs.


What do you make of that hot take? It sounds like romantic. We just met this guy. Like would you buy me dinner first? What is this? Also, if this guy is the ultimate in masculinity delivered to us by Kamala Harris, what do we call screwing the nanny and getting her pregnant in your first marriage? Is she the person that we're gonna rely upon as like a proper evaluator of like healthy masculinity? There were reports that broke, I wanna say like a week ago or maybe over the weekend that in fact she knew nothing about this, about the first marriage and why it really broke up and the nanny and the baby and whatever happened to the baby.


So this is, this is really, really, really embarrassing. I I, this woman is in dire need of an editor that would tell her to just back up a little bit. But you know, it, it's, it's not surprising to me. These democrats do seem like they're in need of a daddy. Like they, they do seem like somebody didn't do their job when they were being raised at home. Not the normal Democrats, but the ones who are fetishizing him and who, you know, we see in these TikTok videos, they do seem to need some sort of an authority figure in their life. They're the ones who were completely bowing down to the mask mandates. They love authority, they want government censorship. It does seem to continue a theme for me that I see in this increasingly leftist party.


I don't know, it's like, it's a disturbing strain. 'cause the Democrats that we grew up with were normal but more liberal. These Democrats seem unwell and in search of something that no politician can ever provide. It's so true. That's such a great observation. I hadn't thought of it that way. This sort of, you know, as, as a liberal, as the left has become, you know, in, in sort of agitating for the things that historically they were against such as, you know, mandates and censorship, this kind of stuff. Yes, there is sort of, you know, there, there's a sort of truism in American politics that you are sort of electing like a father for the country.


I mean, we call them the founding fathers, you know, or would we be electing a mother? I don't really know. But you wonder in the, in the search for this sort of sense of a, a, a paternal figure who has a warm, steady hand of authority and judiciousness, would that be the kind of dad who would stop you on the way out your door to go protest for a and say no, we need to have a conversation at the dinner table? Hmm. A couple of things. I wanna get to an update now on the debates. Just hit the Harris team is saying they'll do the one debate with a B, C on September 10th.


Then on October 1st they'll do the one CBS debate between the vice presidential candidates. And then we'll have the opportunity to see Harris and Trump on the stage again in October. They don't use the word debate on that line. If Team Trump actually shows up at those first two, the big swing in Ds that both sides are trying to do, like I scheduled 40 debates, you'll be there unless you're chicken shit, right? Like the other side's, like I scheduled 42, but you know, they're totally different dates and different networks than yours. Whatever. Right now we have one on a, B, C on September 10th, then the VP on ten one and maybe there'll be a third a, I mean a third debate overall, A second debate between Harris and Trump, though I doubt it.


I I have two other things I need to get to with you. This thing about Matthew Perry is crazy. Standby. Yeah. But first can you just spend a minute on R-F-K-J-R-F-K-J? Yes, I read the book. Everyone should read the book because you wanna talk about, you know, toxic masculinity. You'll find some examples in all the Kennedys, nevermind RFKJ and his first wife, which we can talk about. But the latest today is that he is pitching himself to Team Harris for a cabinet job. We know he already was talking to Team Trump about a cabinet job saying, I'll drop out and endorse you If, you make me part of your cabinet.


Now he's doing that to Harris, begging them to make him part of her cabinet in exchange for him dropping out. Meanwhile, all of his support has collapsed since she became the nominee. Whatever disaffected democrats that are out there that wanted to vote for him are now voting for Team Harris and apparently he's going hat in hand to her according to WaPo and asking if he can be a part of her campaign. I can't Maureen this guy like this, the flip flops, the, he doesn't even know whether he wants to be in a Dem administration or, I mean, I guess maybe you could say that's good. He's non-partisan, like he'll work for anybody. But what do you make of the latest on him? Oh, this is so sad because his campaign manager, who is his daughter-in-law told, I don't know whether it was WaPo or what Outlet, but I read it this morning that they have been trying to meet with Harris and they're getting stonewalled, like they can't get their phone calls returned.


And I think he is just so in need of some sort of validation as a political player. He would go whichever way the wind blows. You know, I'm, I'm surprised he hasn't yet dropped out, but sort of not because he really is going to need that hit of attention. And the news cycle has been just so you're like, we all have whiplash, you know, every day it's something else. But it sort of does feel like this, the proper shambolic dissolute end to a campaign that really never should have been. It's, it's done. I mean it's done. He, it's basically conceding. He can't win a vote for him at this point. Looks like an utter waste of one's vote.


And honestly, like I'm all for bipartisanship and I've disclosed to the audience that I have voted both Democrat and Republican in my voting adult life. But this is just too, like you, you're running for president, you, you gotta know what you stand for. You must know what you stand for and you must know what your party is. That's kind of one of the basic things. Yeah. Alright, let's get to Perry. 'cause this is huge. A bunch of people are indicted are being indicted today in connection with Matthew Perry's death from Ketamine usage, an overdose. This is a drug that they're giving more and more. You're only supposed to do this if at all, under controlled settings with a doctor, you know, an MD who can monitor you.


It is being used with some success to treat depression. I know people who have tried this, so I don't mean to crap all over ketamine, but for people who are using it to find their way out of abuse of drugs already, it seems problematic. And it certainly was for Matthew Perry who died of an overdose. And now today the news breaking, they're reading the indictments at this moment. Indictment filed in federal court detailing grand jury charges against Javin Sangra, who prosecutors said was known as the ketamine queen. And Salvador Placencia known as Dr. P.


Ms. Sanga maintained a quote stash house in North Hollywood said the indictment, Dr. Placencia, a physician at an urgent care center was among those who worked to get the ketamine to Mr. Perry. This is like not under his supervision because the authorities already said he had a ketamine infusion, I think a week and a half. Yeah, a week and a half before his death. And that those people were not responsible. That was apparently under a doctor's care But. it only stays in your bloodstream for a few hours. So they're not, they weren aren't blaming those people. This is a different set of alleged Nedu wells who were funneling him the drug on the side and illegally. The charges against themed include conspiracy to distribute ketamine, distri distribution of ketamine resulting in death possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine and altering and falsifying records related to a federal investigation.


Mr. Perry's personal assistant Kenneth Iam Masa, another Dr. Mark Chavez and Eric Fleming and acquaintance of Mr. Perry's were all charged separately with counts including conspiracy to distribute ketamine according to a person with knowledge of the situation who has granted anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation. Again, it's 1:12 PM right now. They're announcing these charges at this moment. Some of those involved Inc. Include or used encrypted messaging apps and coded language to discuss drug deals, including referring to bottles of ketamine as Dr. Pepper cans and bots according to court documents. And then listen to this Maureen, in a text message prosecutor say, Dr.


Placencia discussed with Mr. Chavez, how much to charge Mr. Perry writing? Quote, I wonder how much this moron will pay. And then quote, let's find out. Finally, US Attorney Martin Estrada. Following Mr. Perry's death in October of last year, law enforcement, my office and our partner's represented on this stage began an in-depth wide raging investigation. That investigation has revealed a broad underground criminal network responsible for dis distributing large quantities of ketamine. And Mr. Perry and others. This network included a living assistant, various Go-Betweens, two medical doctors and a major source of drug supply known as the ketamine queen. We charged five defendants in this matter.


These defendants took advantage of Mr. Perry's addiction issues to enrich themselves what disgusting pigs, especially these so-called doctors who knew exactly what they were doing. And as those text messages reveal, if proven in court and true show, an utter callous reckless disregard for human life. Yeah, yeah. For anyone who would say, oh, well only, only justice would be done in the case of a rich, famous person, you know, America's first friend to die, you know, this is clearly a major drug ring at work that they have busted.


And that is a good thing. The ketamine stuff is just so crazy. It's such a dangerous drug. And they knew from the beginning when they did the autopsy that there was no way, as you, as you mentioned, that it had happened in that controlled setting because of the amount that was found in his system. And if I recall correctly, I also remember reading that when the cops did show up, like the scene had been cleaned up, it, it seemed to imply that drugs and drug paraphernalia had been removed. It's a sad story all the way around. It's enraging. And you know, I also find it just really sad on the whole, we now know that when Perry was doing his book tour, you know, extolling his sobriety and how hard won it was and how he finally got there, and how he just wanted to be in service to those who were struggling with their own addictions, that it was all just a lie.


I mean, front to back, this thing is just one huge human tragedy. All I can think is, you know, I've got young kids and people will say like, like two of 'em, were in a play this year. And people will say, oh, you know, they're so good. Or someone's so and so did such a good job, you can sit, you know, they, they should act like you should try them out. I'm like, hell no. They can do the school plays if they want, but child acting is just a gateway into young adult acting, which is what Matthew Perry was when he got the role on friends. They all were in their young twenties. Yeah. And honestly, it's like, why don't you just skip all of that and go directly to heroin, just If.


you wanna take absolutely reckless risks with your life, just skip all that and go directly to heroin and then you won't have to deal with the depression of being rejected over and over like you are in Hollywood. I just, I'm not, I'm not blaming Hollywood entirely, Maureen, but I mean, we've seen this over and over. Look what happened to Michael Jackson. You know, look what happened to Marilyn Monroe. Yes. It's just, there's just such a pattern of these corrupt, disgusting industries killing people in effect, killing them. And the people who are the weakest and the most tender do not survive. They don't. And you know, it's very, what you just said about your children, the same thing with my niece. You know, she's been scouted to model and my brother said, point blank, I would never do that to her.


Yeah. What we, what also is, aside from just the pervasiveness of, of the rejection and the toll it takes is whenever we look at any of these former child stars who are gone completely off the rails, I always think what happened to them? Who got to them, what predator was allowed to abuse that child in the service of a parent's vicarious need for wealth and fame? It's, again, it it is, it is a, it is a savage, savage business. I agree with you a hundred percent. And these doctors in the Perry case, these are, these are another Conrad Murray, the guy who was hooking Michael Jackson Yep. Up to the machine with the, the propofol night after night.


I mean, that's, there are some doctors for hire, you know, who will just abuse their medical license and hurt people again. We'll see, I'm sure they deny these allegations and we'll get their denials eventually. But this is as an alleged in the indictment. Here's just a little bit more saying, hold on. The investigation revealed that in the fall of 2023, Mr. Perry fell back into addiction. And these defendants took advantage to profit for themselves place. Nia was a medical doctor. He worked with another medical doctor, Mark Chavez, to obtain ketamine. He worked with Mr. Perry's assistant defendant Kenneth Iwa, to distribute the ketamine to Perry. Over two months, from September to October 23, they distributed approximately 20 vials of ketamine to Perry in exchange for $55,000 in cash.


As a doctor, defendant Placencia knew full well the danger of what he was doing. In fact, on one occasion he injected Mr. Perry. Oh. So he was injecting him with ketamine and he saw Mr. Perry freeze up and his blood pressure spike. Despite that, he left additional vials of ketamine for defendant Iwa Masa to administer to Perry. I'm so glad they're being charged this, this is so disgusting and irresponsible. And to your point, at the top of this discussion, which is the best one, you, you that has been said. Now, how about the others? How about people who are not rich, not famous, and not beloved by millions of Americans because they played an a, a nice character on tv.


Where's, where are the arrests of the people who ruined their lives because they're just as much of addicts as Matthew Perry and their deaths will be ignored. Maureen, there will not be indictments of those around them who fostered their death and their, their untimely deaths. No, you can't imagine the LAPD marshaling resources for someone who didn't have the means or the fame or whose death didn't come is such a tectonic shock. Even though we all knew it was a long time coming as Matthew Perry. There's just no way. And you know, that what, what you were talking about the doctors, you know, there's this whole subterranean network of doctors like this in the music industry.


They call them rock docs. They're for hire, they're for sale. They'll get you whatever drug you want in whatever quantities you want, as long as the money is good enough. And I think that these doctors should be made a, a complete example of, of course, their medical licenses will be stripped. They should be thrown in prison among a community that they have are only too happy to service. It's gonna be very interesting to watch this play out and what's gonna be more interesting. I always thought when Matthew Perry died that this was such bullshit because you can't tell me that every single person who worked on friends had no idea that this guy was under heavy, heavy addiction issues.


That this guy wasn't showing up late, that he was unreliable, that he couldn't remember his lines, that things were off. I think everybody knew, and that show was such a cash cow that they did whatever they had to do to cover it up. So everybody kind of has blood on their hands here. Yeah. I think about it with my sister because my sister was like a normal housewife and teacher living in Virginia and a doctor back during, what would we now know as the beginning of the opioid crisis prescribed her an opioid. It wasn't one of the most common ones. I'll refrain from saying its name, I don't wanna get sued, but, and said it was non-addictive and it was not non-addictive.


I mean, we've seen everybody's seen dope sick. Now they were saying that about, about, you know, actual opiates and about what's, why am I forgetting the drug in, in there, there, in that show, in any event, about the most addictive opioids, they were trying to say in the beginning, they're not addictive. So with my sister, she took this drug because she was having pain. It was a long story, but she thought it was gonna be a temporary bridge outta the pain. And she got addicted. And truly, Maureen, it was the beginning of the end of my sister's life. It just caused so many problems to this person who is not a drinker, not a drug seeker, not in any way. Like you just would never have pegged her for somebody who could get addicted to opioids.


And those doctors have never been held responsible. That drug is still on the market and, and people still take it. And so I see these stories and I'm, I am triggered by them because I understand like these, these doctors are in a different class who, you know, the Perry doctors, right? But there is a whole host of doctors that pushed these opioids on millions of unsuspecting Americans and ruined lives, literally ended lives and ruined other lives on top of it. Yes. Who have never been held accountable. And it was one of the reasons why I was thrilled to see that whole Sackler bankruptcy plan fall apart because they were trying to get out of ever being charged themselves, as, you know, with criminals, with crimes.


And this judge said, we're not allowing that. We don't care. We're not allowing this settlement in this bankruptcy court. We're not gonna absolve you of anything. There's just never going to be full accountability for the amount of damage done. This is a teaspoon in the ocean, but it's at least a teaspoon. Yeah. I'm, I'm so sorry for what happened to your sister. And it's, I think it's all too common. I mean, I remember before going in for a surgery like 10 years ago, they sent me up to a pain clinic in U Up upper New York. They couldn't shove enough drugs at me. I said, I don't want all these drugs. You know, they couldn't give me enough. Luckily for me, I'm one of the rare people, like my brain receptors don't attach to opioids.


God forbid they did. Everybody knows what they're doing. This is an entire like medical industrial complex that, that revolves around the profitability of these drugs. And they do not care about the human carnage. And what happened to your sister. I mean, those prescribing doctors should have been held criminally responsible for that. And the company and the drug company itself and the company, it, it never has been. And by the way, it was Oxycontin not her drug. But that's the drug I was struggling to remember, right? Oxycontin that same when I had my three kids, I had C-sections and every time they're like, you want some oxycodone or hydrocodone? I'm like, I think I'm good with just a couple of Tylenol.


And indeed I was, I was fine with that. But boy, that wasn't that long ago. You know, my youngest was born in 13. They were still prescribing this stuff like it was candy. And this is one of, this is an ongoing problem because now a lot of people are still receiving drugs like that, especially people like you and me, right? They don't look at us and say, drug addict, we can give her 30 pills. Well, you know what happens If, you take that and then you take two of 'em and you get through your C-section pain, then you have 28 pills sitting in your medicine cabinet. And what happens is somebody's kid comes over, especially when you get to the college years, they go through the medicine cabinets, they rob you of the drugs, they take the drugs, they wind up in the wrong hands, they get laced with something, they wind up killing somebody.


It's, there's all sorts of programs. Now I've, I've interviewed people, but you can check with your local firehouse. Some, some firehouses will have like one day a month or every couple months where they accept back those pills. So, 'cause you know, they say don't flush 'em down the toilet. Don't, you don't wanna like bury them in the yard. You don't know what to do with them, right? It's like, I don't wanna take 'em, I don't wanna flush 'em. I don't know. I dunno. Right? Just put 'em in the garbage. They land wind up in a landfill, what happens? They get in the water supply. So you should look into it because that's another way that people can be heard, especially young young people. What a, what a way to end the discussion. But Maureen, as always thoughtful, insightful. I love talking to you. Thanks for being here. I love talking to you so much. Thank you Megan. Wow.


Love to hear your stories. I'm sure you guys have some, I'm sure you have stories, just like the story with my sister. I think that's what the Matthew Perry thing brings up for me. You know, it's not to say he's to be excused, he was an addict. He was breaking the law and breaking himself, but there is a cast of characters around most addicts that just goes under the radar. They get away with it and they hurt person after person. And I'm thrilled to see some of those people being held accountable or at least an attempt at it in these indictments, which again, are just allegations. We'll hear their side. Soon we'll be back with Lawrence Fox and Calvin Robinson on what's happening in the UK when it comes to illegal immigration.


Could it happen here? And the ridiculous attempts to pitchfork Douglas Murray, which go on.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


The summer is all sunshine, smiles, and road trips. That is until the hot weather wreaks havoc on your engine. And before you know it, you're waiting for roadside assistance and paying for costly repairs. With CarShield, the heat doesn't have to rob you of your summer Fun broken AC and electrical problems are common in high heat and expensive summer car issues. Now is the time to put your faith in America's most trusted vehicle protection company. CarShield and shield yourself from pricey summer breakdowns. Car Shield's expert representatives are available to help you find the best options for your vehicle and the most affordable and flexible plans to fit your budget. Now CarShield is offering 20% off your plan. Just visit carshield.com/carlson. Don't sweat it this summer. Choose CarShield, get your free quote. Visit carshield.com/carlson. That's carshield.com/carlson carshield.com/carlson. Coverage varies by plan, view contracts and exclusions@carshield.com.


Get ready to twist and shout From now to September 28th. MGM National Harbor invites you to journey through time with our latest kiosk game series retro riches. Sign up for MGM rewards to play and explore iconic games, settings, and prizes straight out of the jukebox diner era. Win up to $25,000 in free play daily and entries into our pops legendary car drawing on September 28th. Learn more at MGM national harbor.com. Must be 21, please play responsibly for help. Visit MD gambling help.org or 1-800-GAMBLER.


There is a crisis enveloping the West at this moment, and perhaps nowhere is it more evident than in the UK for weeks. Chaos is ruled today. There as anger boils over concerning immigration and what's on view is the government handling foreigners with kid gloves to the detriment of its own people. In reality, this is an issue that has been brewing for years, and it's not just in the uk. It came to a head on July 29th over there when three little girls at a Taylor Swift themed dance party were murdered in Southport. Within hours, a woman on social media claimed the killer was an asylum seeker who was on a terror watch list. She went on to say, if this is true, then all hell is about to break loose.


It was not true. And in fact, police said as much the very same day, the day of the killings, the suspect in fact was born in Britain to parents who were immigrants from Rwanda. Still, the news spread like wildfire and protests quickly erupted. Some of the protesters likely knew that the killer was not an illegal immigrant, but that wasn't the point. They were angry. They were angry about the influx of immigrants to their country and the changing culture and dangers that they brought with them. By weeks end protests would break out across the uk. Among those involved far right and far left groups race baders and some everyday Brits who are just fed up.


We witnessed rioters storm a hotel that had been used by asylum seekers. The video's hard to watch. You see them throw items at cops, set things on fire, no regard for others there. A bin set on fire by rioters with little regard for anyone inside the hotel. A police force at times appearing outnumbered. The new British Prime Minister Kiir Starmer would warn the rioters that they would feel the full force of the law. But he's specifically named one group in particular. One, don't shy away from calling it what it is, far right thuggery to those who feel targeted because of the color of your skin or your faith.


I know how frightening this must be. I want you to know that this violent mob do not represent our country. Very concerned about the far right thugs thing is it wasn't just far right thugs as evidenced by this video taken the very next day in Plymouth where clashes broke out between rival groups. Nazi, Nazi, Nazi, You get the, you get the, you get the gist of it.


And there are pro-Palestinian protesters out there. And so on. A sky News reporter's live shot was interrupted by pro-Palestinian protestors in Birmingham. So bad was the interruption. Sky News had to quickly drop the shot. Community leaders have been speaking to the police as well because Palestine Three Palestine fuck easier. But I think apologies for the language you're hearing, but a sense of the anger. I think you can hear that. Yeah, Casey, I think we, Becky, I apologize. We need to leave you there and Becky will have security there and we will leave that. And I apologize once again for the language there.


That reporter did need security because she later said that a man brandishing a knife stabbed the tire of their news band nearby. Another video tweeted out by Andy Neo. He, no, he's been on our show many times, appeared to show a Palestinian group attacking a white man at a pub and kicking him in the head.


And yet across the board, headline after headline seems to focus almost entirely on the far right agitators, some of whom yes behaved very badly and they deserved to be punished, but they're not the only ones. In fact, a local labor counselor was filmed in London and he described those on the right as Nazi fascists before, suggesting they should have their throats slashed, watch Disgusting. And we need to and get rid of. We, we, we, we, we.


So why is the messaging all about the right way and thug thugs, right? That particular guy was later arrested. But meantime, British authorities are warning via X Anyone, anyone who incites violence or hatred, even exclusively online could be prosecuted and prosecuted. They have been over 1000 people arrested so far, nearly 600 charged. More than 120 of them have had their court cases fast tracked and are already getting lengthy jail sentences among them. A man who yes, posted something vile but did not even take part in any violence in the end. The truth is, this is all part of a much bigger conflict that's been brewing now for years.


And it is one that people like Douglas Murray have been warning about for years. I mean, there's a real spiral they could be in at the moment. And it's happening in Britain at the moment where, you know, unfettered immigration, mass immigration, illegal migration and legal migration have been a historic highs. And societies that were high trust societies have become very low trust societies and societies that were very coherent, including in my own life, have become or are becoming really wildly incoherent societies where there's very little increasingly little that's binding them together.


Very, very worrying and very dangerous. And we have seen recently with things like the atrocity of this terrible young man who went and stabbed these young girls. The public mood is febrile and there have been demonstrations and even things that, you know, we do not see often in Britain, burning of police stations by very angry mobs. And then I just see today, you know, a a muslim group, you know, sort of doing a, like a boundary policing thing in their area of chanting abar and I defend the mosque sort of thing. I mean, so I, the way in which things can go wrong and reason I wrote the Strange Death of Europe, and the reason I banged on about this for years beforehand was I said, it's so obvious what is gonna happen.


Yeah. And it gives me, I so angry watching it when it could have been stopped. Hmm. And now Douglas Murray is also hashtag part of the problem. How dare he point out the obvious that people are sick and tired of having their culture and their religion ridiculed and mocked. They're tired of losing out on jobs to migrants who refuse to take on the culture to, you know, the melting pot over there. No, it's not happening. And it's not happening here anymore either. They're tired of being told that they and their ancestors are terrible because of the color of their skin.


They're tired of being told they can't speak freely by the very people who are supposed to be in the business of protecting free speech. A very tenuous concept in the uk. Now, none of this absolves the bad actors bad behavior, but the reality is the West has a serious problem, deadly serious. Joining me now, Lawrence Fox and Father Calvin Robinson, co-host of Fox and Father Lawrence. Calvin, welcome back to the show. This is about as bad as it gets. And literally every word Douglas Murray has said about it has been proven out. It's been true. And yet you've got people who now treat him as also someone who'd be, who should be treated like a criminal.


So now things seem to have settled slightly in the UK in the past few days, but where are things right now? The riots have stopped for the short term because the population has been gaslit. So the government kept trying to look for an enemy, tried to look for a boogeyman, and they blamed the far right. I mean, there is no far right in Britain. So what was happening was that ordinary British folk were getting upset, getting angry, getting frustrated, and, and protesting. And some of the protests turned into riots. And so the government tried to blame it on the far right, which does not exist. And so to retaliate the, the Antifa lot, you know, the anti-racist, so-called lots, the Marxists essentially came out and had a big protest of their own.


And so the government pegged this as a win, a triumph for diversity. The far right has been defeated. And so for now, the rights have died down. But, it won't last long. It's a, it's a sticking plaster on, on a major problem, which Douglas wrote in his book, the Stranger, the Bureau, he warned us of what was gonna happen. We have, we have a situation, an ideology or a religion, whatever you see, Islam as is entirely antithetical to Western values of free speech and certainly consent, sexual consent and stuff like this. And Douglas warned about this and, and what they've done, especially Alistair Campbell and people like that, if they've is, they have turned on Douglas as the foremost intellectual in this area.


And Kevin's right, the, the rights have stopped for now But. it is a, it is a sticking pastor on a, on a much on a what is a much deeper ailment. Meghan, Who, who is Alistair Campbell? Alistair Campbell was Tony Blair's spin doctor who convinced us via the dodgy dossier that we needed to join with America to invade Iraq and kill a million innocent Iraqi people. And he has suddenly reinvented himself as, as a moral pitchfork in some way. It's Ironic that this man dragged us into an illegal war. But actually most of the problem is down to him and Tony Blair, Alistair Campbell and Tony Blair, their government from 1997 are the ones that really brought on mass immigration to this country.


And it was part of their, their package that they said, anyone from the right, anyone from the center right, who goes against our policy, we'll call them racist. And we have this on record, that it's been the plan all along. That anyone that goes against diversity being our strength is a racist or a xenophobe. And this is why we had, we've had over 20 years of this now of just mass immigration, people coming to our shores who do not share our values, do not share our culture, in fact, hate us, hate our way of life, and want to kill us and want to replace us. And anyone that speaks out against it has been labeled racist. Which is why these riots were happening actually. It wasn't anything to do with what it was something to do with recent events. But, it goes all the way back to 1997 and Tony Blair and Alice Campbell, The interview that we just showed with Douglas, in part with Prager Yu, is he's saying similar things to what he's been saying for years now, what he is been writing for years now.


And this Alistair Campbell tweeted out in response to this most recent interview, think the Metro Police UK might wanna take a look at this book plug, meaning that interview that we just played the soundbite from. He's trying to get the cops to consider arresting him. And Douglas Murray actually went on Sky News Australia last night and responded in part and sat 44. Of course, this man Campbell is best known for his lying dossier about WMD in Iraq, which helped bounce Britain and other countries into the Iraq war. So if he had any kind of sense of decency, he would've disappeared from public life a long time ago.


He was also, of course, the person who hounded Dr. David Kelly to suicide. And that's one of the really interesting things about Alistair Campbell. He's an unbelievable bully and a hack. And one of the things about him, like most hacks and bullies of his kind, he thinks that he can hide behind as he always does, the claim that he himself is very mentally fragile. One of the interesting things about that is he can chase people like David Kelly to suicide. But If, you criticize Alistair Campbell for his frequent bursts of utter insanity. He says that you are using his mental health against him. He's a totally sick individual on every possible level. I make no apology for pointing out the terrible things that he and his friends did to my country.


What's crazy, you guys is like, we're, we're all experiencing this to some degree together where the people who speak up honestly about the problem get censored and in some cases threatened. And in the uk more and more, Lawrence, you've been a victim of this yourself, that that speech gets threatened criminally. It's, it, it's very bad that we, that we're in this position whereby we have a new prime minister who is turning around and saying that your speech is more important than your actions. And we, we've seen in London, certainly in London, we've seen reports of the complete mismanagement of actual crime in, in our country.


And at the same time we've seen a real overreach when it comes to like thought crime and speech crime. So you know that there's that line which Victor Davis Hanson, who you are a huge fan of, I'm a huge fan of, and everyone should be a huge fan of, he says, you know, from the sun also rises in Hemingway, which is you become bankrupt very slowly and then very, very quickly. And that's what's happened to the United Kingdom. It's unrecognizable. Calvin and I today were saying that last year I left this island where we are, we're in Greece. And I said, I I I don't wanna go home. And today, Calvin said to me, I'm dreading going home. Our country has fallen. Yeah, the, I've been thinking about this for a while, Megan. I I've been thinking they keep addressing the people who are addressing the problem instead of addressing the problem.


And I thought it's 'cause they're incompetent. But actually I realized it because they are the problem. They are the instigators of this mass immigration and this cultural diversity that is breaking our society apart. And so they can't fix it because they're the ones who caused it. And so it's much easier to clamp down on people like me, people like Lawrence Douglas, Murray, anyone who comments on it and says, there is an issue here, just lock us up. You know, when K Stan got into office just over a month ago, he said, the prisons are full. We're gonna have to release 40,000 prisoners. Now that's a scary prospect, especially considering that 80% of them are foreign born and we could just deport 'em tomorrow. But he said, we're gonna have to deport, we're gonna have to let these people out of prison. They could be what? Rapists, murderers, anything. We're gonna let them out early because there are 700 places left in our prisons.


Now, fast forward to today, six weeks later, and suddenly we're sending people, rushing people through the systems, they're getting arrested, sent to court, charged, prosecuted, sent to prison for social media posts. So we're letting proper criminals outta prison to make room for people who are saying the wrong thing on Twitter. Make it make sense. It it would, it reminded me of a stat. I just read it very disturbing. Over here in our country, of course we have a completely open porous border and people are coming in by the millions, literally by the millions under Joe Biden. Kamala Harris and Bright, bright side. They're being processed into citizens faster than ever. They've increased the rate of pushing these people through the system so they can vote to levels that we haven't seen in decades.


And they're super proud of that fact. I I do wanna talk about like, what specifically is it, because I read a great Douglas Murray piece and the spectator dated eight 10 called the Unfashionable Truth about the riots. And he was talking about these communities that have the same unemployment rate today that they had some 13 years ago. Absolutely nothing has been done to help the working class in the uk. And at the same time, the doors are open to all these illegal immigrants to come in and they're getting jobs. So is it a joblessness problem or is it more of a cultural problem where you have people from cultures heavily Islamic, who do not wish to assimilate, who are taking over Britain?


You see more burkas there than you might see, you know, on, on a, in a Muslim nation in today's day and age in some cities. And so, which is it? Both, what is it? It's a revenge problem now. So, so what you are hearing more and more from the left, you know, Calvin is very conservative. I'm sort of more centrist. But you are hearing from the, from the side, from that side, you're hearing you colonized us. This is our revenge. And what you, what what we are noting in Britain is that entire Sues of Britain are now totally unrecognizable as, as British cities, certainly as I drive out of the of London, it's masks, it's called to prayer.


It's all of this. And America's going to face this too. So what we, what we are confronting is, and I think that that one of the main problems with British political discourse is nobody really wants to talk about the elephant in the room, which is do Islamic values, are they, are they, can they be compatible with Christian values of which Judea Christian society is built on? Or are they com entirely antithetical to them? And I suppose that's a conversation we can have, but we can't have that conversation while your border is open. We had a record number of military age males arriving by themselves 703 yesterday morning. Arriving here, 703 men in a generation becomes 40, sorry, in two generations becomes 46,000.


If with, with the current reproductive rate in the United Kingdom, we should as a nation be able to have a comment about that without being called a racist. And I think that the riots that you're seeing and the, and the di disorder you are seeing is people are absolutely fed up for being called a racist. While they can't get a doctor's appointment, they can't see a dentist. And everybody who comes in illegally across our border is being given a hotel room, free money and a mobile phone. So there's two problems. So that is a major part of the problem. The other side of that is that, so I used to be a teacher, right? I was an assistant principal, I worked in schools for seven years and all across that time in education, the government would do anything to help any demographic except white working class.


And white working class boys in particular have been at the bottom of the league tables for over 20 years now. And that's a problem because to address the joblessness issue that you just user spoke about, we have no one to fill those jobs. And so the government is saying we need to bring people in for our board 'cause we've gotta address the GDP, we've gotta get people doing all, all these manual labor jobs that our people don't have the skills and talents that we need. And so we're having mass immigration to solve a problem that is again, created by the government who do not want to address white working class as demographic because to do so is racist. And diversity is all about helping minority groups. Even though Africans Chinese students are at the top of the league tables, there's no oppression. They're not interested in on any anybody's class or their working class roots.


From the Murray piece that I referenced. He says, similar to what you just said, from 2011 till today, all three main parties have followed the same model on job creation, seemingly unable to actually improve education incentives and job opportunities in these working class areas. They went for the easy route that was to issue visas for migrants to come to the UK and to claim that the economy was growing as a result. So he's suggesting there's a political motivation there. Of course, this growth he writes is almost entirely faked. Study after study shows that this type of migration benefits the migrant naturally, but does almost nothing to improve the actual economy. In fact, for many people it undercuts local labor and due to increased demand for housing and limited housing stock, it makes their situation much worse.


And he says at the time of the 2011 riots, 'cause this happened, you know, years ago as well, foreign born workers accounted for 14% of the UK workforce. Today it's at 21%. Employment has grown by 3.6 million since 2011. But fully 74% of this growth is from immigrant workers. And so when the people rise up to say, we can't take it anymore, we've had it, what they heard back from Kiir Starer was, you are racists and you're going to be arrested. Do I have my facts right? Yes, Absolutely. Enough is enough is what people are saying. And that's the economic argument.


So there aren't enough spaces in schools, hospitals are overcrowded, people can't get jobs, they're getting priced out. All of that is the economic argument that has been going on that I think probably led to Brexit to be honest with you. But now we've reached a worse point where lives are being lost. And of course free innocent girls lost their lives a couple of weeks ago and, and more people were seriously injured. And so that this mass immigration is causing a problem that's directly affecting people's lives. Not just in the, in the monetary sense, but in in life and death situations. But we're being sold this idea, it's the United Kingdom. We're being sold. This idea that immigration diversity, all of this stuff is our strength. and more and more economic studies come out. We are finding that it's not British people, as you've quite rightly pointed out.


It's not those people that were born here who pay taxes, who contribute to national wealth, who are being looked after. Angela Rainier, the leader of the, oh god, she's not even your position now. She's the, she's actually, the government has turned around and said that she's gonna prioritize migrant families over British families when it comes to government funded housing. Funded housing. And so what we're, what we're in a situation of is a, we we're talking about 30 million people here are very, very, very upset. It, it's not a small number. So the government think that what they're doing is stumping down on our nicks and making us feel bad. But there's no economic argument for mass migration and there's no cultural argument, mass migration.


And that what there is is a cultural argument against both. And I think that people are very, very, very upset about this. And that ki thinking that he's gonna arrest everybody for saying hery words. Someone got arrested for saying ala Allah, who the bleep is Allah, someone was arrested. That's a Bamy law in the United Kingdom, which we do not have. So our culture is changing in a, in a, in a, in a way which is so rapid and unprecedented that people are worried to, to an absolutely deep level, aren't they? Not also that we have no democratic means of changing it or making a difference. So you spoke about how people are coming over the border in the States and being registered as citizens so they can vote straight away.


We have a similar situation. So we just had our mayoral elections in London. The Hamadan was elected for the third consecutive time, third consecutive term. And we have no means of getting him out because white Brits are a minority in the British capital, city of London. So there's no way to get rid of these people. The same with the Labor Party in the last general election, the Labor Party got fewer votes than they have in the last two elections that they've lost, but they still got in 'cause we've all given up on the conservative party. So what do we do? Where do we go? And so when people don't have a democratic means to make a difference, they'll go to the streets and this is what we're seeing and we're gonna see more of it. But this Murray was right, But there is a, there, there, there are now coming, which I find hugely encouraging. There are a few Muslim voices who are saying that we've got to be critical of our own religion and our own faith.


And there are coming forward now some, some Muslim voices who are saying, this needs to be looked at. We need to talk about this. We can't just criticize Christian culture and all this sort of stuff. So I think there is, I hope a glimmer in the door because there isn't, there will be, the Question is whether that that gains any sort of critical mass, which it hasn't thus far. This is what, this is another, not that it's all about Douglas. I just, our audience knows him, but he was making this point and it's one of the reasons they're trying to cancel him from his position with a spectator and potentially get him arrested. But we played this the other day. This is him in an interview back in a couple years ago where he is saying if they don't wanna assimilate and they don't like this country, they should get out.


This was just last year. Take a listen. I don't want them to live here. I don't want them here. They came under false pretense. Many of them came illegally and continue to come illegally and we don't want them here. And I'm perfectly willing to say that because it needs to be said. If I hated Australia, hated the Australian people, hated Australian history, hated Australian way of life, broke into the country illegally and spent my time trying to undermine Australia. Why should I be in Australia? Why, what would I have brought the country? What benefit, what moral benefit, what financial benefit, what social benefit?


The answer is, you'd have brought no benefit. So why, why just hope that those people are not in large enough numbers and keep your fingers crossed and put it off for another day. I think we have to start saying very clearly, If, you don't like it here, go and If, you don't like it here and you intend to make it worse, we will make you go. So is that, does that pretty much in encapsulate the feeling of these people we're seeing in the streets or just being dismissed as bigots? He makes a very good point, Douglas.


And, and, and this is the, the, the bit that everyone misses out of what he's saying is if it was Australians, so what the left would like to do is make it about race. But we, we already have an economic problem, which is you cannot bring a million people into a country with an already crumbling welfare state and make it work. So the left will tell us that we're just as homophobic and racist, but actually our country is already on its knees. So Doug Douglas is right, but he's been saying this for years and also I think he's absolutely right, If, you don't like our values. I if I go to Morocco and I walk out of the hotel door and I go and visit a local landmark, I am I cover my, you know, I take my shoes off and I go into a mosque, Right?


Which is, I wouldn't go to a mosque 'cause I don't want to abide by their culture in this country. Well, in the United Kingdom by somewhere between 2030 and 2050, it'll be predominantly Islamic. We'll have more Muslims than other, any other faith with current trajectories. What JD said, right? This is a fact. But so therefore, if this is the way the country's heading, we should be allowed to have a conversation of do we want to become an Islamic caliphate? Do we want to remain a Christian country or do we want to be some kind of liberal secular society that we've, we've been dreaming of for the last 50 years? Which, which one do we want of the three and how do we get there? But to have the conversation to even raise the words Islam Islamophobic straight away. In fact, Meghan, the redefining Islamophobic in the Oxford English dictionary.


So it used to mean an irrational fear of Islam. Of course we, I would say there's nothing irrational about a fear of Islam, but they've renamed it to a dislike of Islam. So I dislike Islam for many reasons. I think it's harmful towards women, harmful towards homosexuals, harmful towards, yeah, British values and Christian society. Therefore that would make me an islamaphobe. I, I mean, I mean we, I think we're at the point now where we have to accept their labels and just say fine. I mean, that's how I am with the transphobic stuff. Okay, you wanna call me a turf? That's what I, that I'm a turf. You wanna call me Islamophobic because I don't want my my daughter to have to walk, walk around in a burka, then I'm Islamic. It's fine. I'm sick of their damn labels. This was something Christopher Hitchens predicted. This clip has made the rounds since Kir Starmer is out there trying to shame all the protestors into silence.


Where they, they split Christopher Hitchen's predictions and warnings about radical Islam versus kir starmer today. Take a look at this 42, Give it up or give it to your deadliest enemy and pay for the rope that will choke you. This is very urgent business, ladies and gentlemen. I beseech you resist it while you still can and before the right to complain is taken away from you, which will be the next thing you'll be told. You can't complain because you, you're Islamophobic, the term is already being introduced into the culture as if it was an accusation of race, hatred, for example, or, or, or bigotry.


Whereas it's only the objection to the preachings of a very extreme and absolutest religious well, there has never take a city till someone holds gates open for them. And it's your own preachers who will do it for you and your own multicultural authorities who will do it for you. Resist, resist it while you cast. One of the things that is coming up over and over again is Islamophobia. And well, you can see the stats, you can see the numbers rising, particularly since October the seventh. Although we shouldn't fall into the trap of thinking that before October the seventh, this was all heading in the right direction. It's been far too high for far too long. Clearly we need to just say over and over again, Islamophobia is intolerable.


It can never ever be justified. And we have to continue with a zero tolerance approach. And I think there's more we can do in government. There's certainly stuff online which I think needs tackling Prophetic. It, it's very interesting that that clip of Chris Fit Chin was recorded in my friend Larry Taunton meeting rooms in in Britain. And he and John Reynolds, the guy who's speak John Lennox, sorry, the guy who's sitting next to him is a really wonderful thinker on this sort of stuff. And what Kia Starer is doing is he's turning around and he's saying dislike of any kind is somehow criminal.


And I think it's totally okay to dislike things that as Calvin said, you know, I dislike the idea of my, my a woman being covered. I dislike the idea that the age of sexual consent is out the window. I dislike the fact that homosexuality, all the really genuinely progressive things that have happened in this society are being thrown out the window. And the only thing you're allowed to attack in the United Kingdom is Christianity. Now that's not to say that Christianity is perfect in all of those sorts of things, but why are we committing suicide? Douglas Murray said this in, in the strange death of Europe. He said, we are not even on our own side anymore. And I think it's really important to think, you know, we should be proud of the traditions of truly progressive traditions.


Calvin would disagree, but about the fact that we, we accept and acknowledge the fact that people are under sexual and, and we honor and respect and love them, but we are genuinely progressive. This regressive, horrible, hateful ideology is taking place in our country and what we have to do is take the knee to it. I think that's absolutely appalling. Christopher Hitchens in that clip said, resist resist while you can. Now I think the clip that you showed of Secure Storm afterwards shows that it's too late to resist actually the, the progressives, the liberals have taken office, they are in governments and they are persecuting the oppressed minority, who are the British people, the natives, the indigenous British people who actually are Christian, whether culturally or religiously.


And that is no longer appropriate, no longer acceptable. And you cannot criticize any other faith that other than Christian. So it's too late to resist by democratic means. So what comes next? Certainly hope you're wrong about that. That's the fear. I wanna pick up on something you said earlier, which is, and where we started, which is, you know, the white working class in Great Britain, which has gotten the shaft and no one gives a damn about what's happening with them when they speak up. They'll be arrested, they'll be called names by the prime minister and so on. It dovetails with the discussion we had. You guys were not, we're not here. It was in our first hour with Maureen Callahan and we were talking about the coverage of our absurd presidential race here there is a woman who wrote this piece in the Bulwark, which is in our ear magazine online publication, dedicated to bringing down Trump.


And this woman is writing about how Trump's and his vice presidential candidate is a man child versus Tim Walz, the latest nominee for, you know, the, the nominee for Kamala Harris's running mate, who's a man's man? He's a man's man. Okay? And this is where I wanna tie it together. So she's talking about how waltz is a good role, male role model. And, and Trump is not. Trump is, she thinks full of braggadocio, put downs and disrespectful women. And Tim Walz is somehow not. He's all the things we want in a man. He's your dad, is what she's trying to say. And then here's how she tries to bring it home. This is a leftist, okay?


Men are struggling in our society. Boys are falling behind girls and grades and graduation rates. Men are falling behind women in college attendance, participation in the labor force and connection to family and friends. Men are more likely than women to be lonely and to succumb to deaths of despair. It's not a man's world anymore. Even if some have been slow to notice, boys and men are picking up the signals that there is something inherently wrong with them. The word masculinity is hardly uttered in some precincts without the modifier toxic. And then she goes on to blame it all on Trump and Republicans saying they need a guy like this Tim Walz to, to take them back to the promised land of hopefulness for boys and men.


This made my blood boil because it is uniformly the left that has done this to boys and men and in particular white working class boys and men over and over again. And for her to shrug her shoulders and say, I just don't know. We're just having this cultural problem. And I think having Trump out there as a representative of toxic masculinity is not gonna help these boys at all, is so blind to the left's causal role in all of this. Nobody knows this better than you. Lawrence, you and I have talked before many times about how you guys both got booted off of GB news, a more conservative news outlet lit, or it was supposed to be over in the uk.


Why? Because you were trying to defend what's happening with men and suicide rates over there against this caustic woman who was refusing to acknowledge it. And you did it not the queen's English, and you defended him, Calvin, and both of you, before you knew it, were gone from gb. And I left GB voluntarily over that whole thing. So can you speak to just the blindness of the left in looking at this problem, whether it's guys without jobs, guys without hope, guys without any thought that they could be respected in society and their role in causing those root issues.


You, you were, you were an inspiration of mine because it, it's very difficult in life to, to, to reverse a position and to look at things in a different way. And you, when you first started talking about the trends issue, for example, you, you were, you were really high on inclusiveness, understanding and all that sort of stuff. What we have had is that, is there's a systematic attack on masculinity full stop. Because If, you attack masculinity, you destroy the family, If, you destroy the family, you make the children available to be dominated in inated by this state. The British state has already announced that it's gonna teach children about hate crimes, about what it is to hate. And we are actually witnessing a war on the family and on people and on those that love each other across many different divides, which was very progressive.


And I and Cal, Calvin is better on this than I am, but we should absolutely stand as a bull walk against the fact that K, you've got, you've got this guy who's pretending to be a vice president. He's pretending to be a moderate vp. Pick who, who is trying to say that the state can take, should take your child away if your child wants to be transitioned. This the, the man that lit Min Minnesota, Minneapolis, sorry. Be absolutely run right and burn to the ground. And he's now turning around and saying, leave me alone. These are these, these are the people that, these are machinery of socialism. They're, they're absolutely vile. Sorry, I'm not good.


Now you speak. Yeah, Lawrence is spot on. I mean, we have Ki Armor saying that he's gonna teach children how to spot fake news in school. Yes. And how to spot the far right. And of course, his definition of the far right is very different to everyone else's definition of the far right it seems. So what he means by that is, is he's gonna indoctrinate children in schools and he's gonna do it very overtly. But this is part of a wider problem in that we've handed children over to the state, children used to be the responsibility of parents, and now all of a sudden we, we get used to handing them over to the state, get them taught, get them indoctrinated, get them back, and expect them to have high grades and be good people. It's the parent's job, the parent's responsibility to make sure their kids are learning well and, and receiving good values.


First and foremost. Schools supplements that schools do not replace that. We've gotta get our mentality changed. In the uk we don't have homeschooling, we don't have home education in the way you, you guys do it in, in the us. And I think that what you're doing out there with the home educating schemes are fantastic. These hubs of children getting together with parents or with parishes to learn with respectable teachers and stuff, but under the guise of their parents, under the guidance of their parents, not under the hammer of the state. Because the state cannot impose values on people. The state doesn't have a religion. The state doesn't have a set of values other than what we see Power under control. Absolutely. And also we, we, we need to understand, and everyone needs to remember that they work for us.


Absolutely. And we've forgotten this. And I, I don't understand when we forgot it because I was raised by my father told me they work for you. And in whatever's happened in the last 20 years or 25 years, we've started to think that we work for them. Right. And ki thinks that hes doing us favor by locking up people, right. Who say hurt words. It, it, it goes to show that, and Vick Davis Hunton also, sorry Meghan to be annoying, but the other thing that Vic Davis Hunton says, which is really, really important, which is that white working class kids in America go to die. And they're overly represented by 50% in their demographic of people that go to die for their country. And they're told that they're full of white rage and that they're, they're full of some big problem.


And then, you know, Trump is some symptom dreadful, sort of awful thing. It's like, no, we're not about ethnicity, we're about faith. We're about faith not statism. And it boils down to the individual. So you don't even need to be a Christian to believe in, in the power head of the state. Do you That, that thing about Trump though, it shows the leftist so superficial. Like they look at him as a person rather than his policies or what he would bring. I find that even with people on the, on the right, people say, how can you vote for, how can you like Trump? You're a Christian. He's a very bad man, he is done this, that and the other. And it's like, well, he's a politician. None of them are good men. In fact, none of them are you. You're not gonna find a perfect politician. What you gotta find is someone who will implement the policies that are in line with your values. And for me, that will be Donald Trump.


Certainly over Kamala Harris. But then you, you look at these nice, I don't care how she wants to pronounce her names. You look at these people like walls who like to put themselves as, as a, a perfect individual. And of course we know there are lots of things that are repressed there. Soak stam is another one. Looks well polished, but he goes into office immediately. He's implemented communism in the first four weeks. So, so house one appears isn't what matters. It's the policies that bring to the table, Right? And over here, it's just a guessing game on exactly how far, how far left they'll take us there if past his prologue, as far left as we've ever gone, I'll end on this. We've done a lot of Douglas, he did seem to offer a bit of hope, at least for America, which, you know, we'd love to have you guys over here, but you tell me whether you agree with this piece of his interview with, There is a deep, deep distrust among the political class in the UK about the British public.


They really don't seem to like them. They're so eager to attack the general public and cover over for everything ev anything else. And I think it's just a lamentable and suicidal policy. And for saving grace in America is some kind of belief in the goodness of the American people. And that's taken a beating, my goodness. The education system has done everything it can to, to bash the innate goodness outta the American people. But, and I think there is a feeling that despite, you know, the things happening from right and left and, and all of the fears and confusion we're all living through, I do still think there is this thing that America is good and has been a force for good in the world and can be again and give us the, the possibility that the 21st century will not be this dark age.


If that happens, you know, the future really is ours. If it doesn't happen, the future belongs to goodness knows who. And if people, as I always say, if people think the Amer the era of American dominance was awful and, you know, oppressive, you wouldn't like any of the rivals. Hmm. What do you guys make of that? What a, what, what a wise man he is. And John and Anderson, who you played a clip with earlier, I spoke to John and he said that as the world begins to crumble as the West begins to fall, eyes will fall on Great Britain because we have had a thousand years of pretty continuous civility.


But actually I think now the eyes are gonna fall on America because America is a constantly evolving and fluctuating idea. And Britain, we are just trying to stop our churches being burnt down at this juncture. So I think the eyes of the world should turn to America, the eyes of the world, the independence of this world, which you speak to a lot. The independent voters of this world have a choice between socialism and freedom. And I think the eyes of the world should turn to America at this juncture. And I'm lucky to live in a world where America is. I think what Douglas was saying is very similar to what Lawrence was saying about, we used to expect our politicians to serve us. We, we expected them to have a sense of duty and obligation to the people they're supposed to represent.


But now they seem to think they, they're there to govern us and to rule over us. But that's not their fault. That's our fault. We have been saying, govern me harder, daddy govern me harder. Daddy, look at Covid, for example. Save us. Do something. Tell us what to do. Instead of actually just men standing up and saying, I'm the leader of my family. You know what? We're gonna stay away from granny. 'cause one of us has got symptoms or we're not gonna go out in public today, but we're not gonna wear those stupid nappies on our faces. It's like just men need to stand up and man up and be men. Be the leaders of our society. Stop looking up to the government and say, what do we do next? Please? How, how close can I sit next to Lawrence today? It's ridiculous. So the problem is us not necessarily the politician because we get the politicians that we deserve. And this is why America is thriving, where Britain is dying because America still believes in freedom.


British people, generally speaking, no longer believe in freedom. We want to be governed. We want safety. Safety comes above freedom for us. Unfortunately. This is why we gave up our guns in 97. Safety is, safety is same with Brexit, same with Covid. All of these situations, we want the government to tell us what to do. And we need to take back control and actually regain our freedom and look to America, because America is the last stand for, for Christendom, for the West at the moment. America's the last place in the West that still believes in Christ and still believes in freedom. So God bless America. Hmm, Lawrence, Calvin. You see why we love them. You can listen to them. They are free with their own messaging and show. Right now it's on YouTube and it's called Fox and Father.


It's on other platforms as well. Would love, love, love seeing them do well and listening to them. Thank you guys both so much. Thank You. God bless. God bless You. Incredible pair. Oh my gosh. Pay attention. 'cause what's happening over there is happening here too. And while it's a smaller country, they have exactly the same problems that we have and it's just, they've had a lot of immigration and it's happened in a smaller time because they have a smaller number of citizens. But if If, you don't think that four more years of open borders is going to drastically affect the character of this country, you haven't been paying attention. Thank you for watching. We're gonna see you Monday. Have a good weekend. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.


And, no fear.


Get ready to twist and shout. From now to September 28th. MGM National Harbor invites you to journey through time with our latest kiosk game series retro riches. Sign up for MGM rewards to play and explore iconic games, settings, and prizes straight out of the jukebox diner era. Win up to $25,000 in free Play daily and entries into our pops legendary card drawing on September 28th. Learn more@mgmnationalharbor.com. Must be 21. Please play responsibly for help. Visit md gambling help.org or 1-800-GAMBLER.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.