
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, April 1st, 2025, and this is your AM Update. What's happening on Tuesday is a vote for which party controls the US House of Representatives, Wisconsin voters turning out in the state Supreme Court election and election with national ramifications front running French presidential candidate Marie Lappen barred from running for office following embezzlement charges. This has been deemed a hate crime, Law enforcement investigating a potential arson attack on the New Mexico State GOP headquarters and what's really behind President Trump's third term talk, a possible media troll.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrat Senator Dick Durbin of


Illinois. And according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org and you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late


today in Wisconsin. Voters turning out to decide whether the State Supreme Court will maintain its current four three liberal majority or flip conservative, conservative attorney Brad Shimmel, running against liberal judge Susan Crawford, the race holding national implications at stake, the balance of power in the U US House of Representatives. If liberals retain control of the court, the current GOP drawn congressional map could be thrown out and with it two Republican US House seats, house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries indicating Democrats are planning a challenge In Wisconsin. That's a 50 50 race because we know Wisconsin's a 50 50 state.


Yeah, whoever wins is gonna determine who has the majority in the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Why is that important? Because there are gerrymandered congressional that's right lines right now in Wisconsin as soon as possible. We need to be able to revisit that. It's the only way for that to be even a significant possibility is if you have an enlightened Supreme Court. And so, You know, I think that's an incredibly important race. Elon Musk rallying Wisconsin voters in a Sunday night, get out the vote Town hall in the critical swing state, The very important election for Judge Trim.


Most people don't even know that there's an election at all. They think it, it's, well it's just, You know, some kind of judicial thing that's not that important. But it actually, what they're doing, what what's happening on Tuesday is a vote for the the which party controls the US House of Representatives. That is why it is so, so significant and whichever party controls the house to a significant degree controls the country, which then steers the course of Western civilization. Currently there there are, the dams are, are a hundred thousand votes ahead. But if actually, if just, if the people that voted for President Trump simply vote on Tuesday, we'll win. That's actually all it takes.


Just vote. Boom. Done victory On Monday, the Trafalgar Group releasing a poll showing the candidates in a statistical tie. Ms. Crawford coming in at 50.8%. Mr. Shimmel, 49.2, much of Mr. Musk's town Hall focusing on national issues. Billionaire venture capitalist and Doge team member Antonio Gracia joining in to lay out what he says is a process used by the Biden administration to grant social security numbers to illegal aliens Is when you come in the country, if you're an illegal, there's a couple ways to come in. You come in through report of entry and you can tell 'em you're afraid and you'll get, they'll give you an asylum asylum case, you'll get an interview, then you get in.


That's one way to do it. Another way to do it, you walk up to a border patrol patrol officer and you tell 'em you want to come in. They were told to do that, make an administrative offense on a last administration and they give you an NTAA notice to appear, which appear to judge once you're in the country and you got asylum, you can apply for a work document and then Social Security Administration automatically sends you in the mail your social security number. No interview, no id. It was a massive large scale program to import as many legals as possible. Ultimately to change the entire voting map of the United States States non-citizens must be lawfully present in the U US to receive a social security number.


It's unclear whether the individuals described by Mr. Gras are defrauding the system with false documents or if the Social Security Administration is issuing numbers without properly verifying legal status. MRUs followed up with a more concerning claim about these non-citizens And so we actually just took a sample and looked at voter registration records and we found people here registered to vote in this population. Yes, and who did vote and and we found some by sampling that actually did vote and we have referred them to prosecution at the home at Secure Investigation service. Yeah, already, already that has already happening. We'll have the results of this election in tomorrow's edition of the AM Update Front runner in the 2027 French presidential election right wing candidate Marie Lapin barred on Monday from running for political office for five years a French court finding Ms.


Lapin guilty of embezzling European Union funds. Ms. Lapin sentenced to four years in prison, only two of which have to be served under house arrest and a 100,000 euro fine MS lap Penn's party national rally ordered to pay 2 million euros. The court finding that between 2004 and 2016 while serving in the European Parliament, Ms. Lappen and her party allegedly misused approximately 4.4 million euros in EU funds. As a member of European Parliament, Ms. Lappen was allotted funds by the EU to hire parliamentary assistance. The court finding Ms. Lappen diverted that money to national rally party staffers who are mainly working on domestic political activities in France, not on EU parliamentary duties.


Many on the right in France and abroad, drawing comparisons between lap pen's case and what they view as legal lawfare tactics used against Donald Trump ahead of the 2024 US election State Department spokeswoman Tammy Bruce on Monday referencing Vice President JD Vance's warning to our European counterparts, We have got to do more as the West than just talk about democratic values. We must live them. Exclusion of people from the political process is particularly concerning given the aggressive and corrupt law fair waged against President Trump here in the United States. We support the right of everyone to offer their views in the public square.


Agree or disagree. And with that, I have nothing else to add. Legal scholar Hans Monka writing on x quote What the media is breathlessly calling embezzlement is nothing more than a ludicrously contrived campaign finance dispute lap pen as both an EU and French politician paid some of her assistance from her EU account. Mr. Monki describes the practice as quote, perfectly normal French writer and fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Pascal Emmanuel Gore writing on x quote. To be clear, Marie Lappen is not even accused of personally profiting from anything. The charge is that some of her aides in the European parliament also worked for the party and not just on parliamentary work.


This was a common practice for a long time and several other parties stand accused of doing the same. Prior to her conviction. Ms. Lapin leading the polls as the favorite to replace President Emmanuel Macron. Ms. Lapin challenged Mr. Macron in 2017 and 2022. The second time around faring better, but still coming up short. At 41% to his 59 national rally frequently cast as far right by its critics, strongly opposes illegal immigration, advocated for tough on crime policies, favors French nationalism over globalization and aims to preserve French culture. Ms. Lappen responding to her political ban saying, let's be clear, I am eliminated.


But in reality it is millions of French people whose voices have been eliminated. Ms. Lapan going on to say that she will appeal the verdict and continue running if it is overturned. Though that is unlikely to happen in time for the 2027 election. Ugh, right wing European populist movement surging across Europe in recent years, widely seen as a backlash to the globalist policies defining the previous decade. In December, Romania's constitutional court annulling the first round of presidential elections there. After right wing candidate, Colleen jcu took an unexpected lead. The court citing alleged Russian interference as the reason for invalidating that vote.


Romanian officials then postponing the election until May. In the first round of voting, Mr. Georges securing about 23% of the vote. He now leads the pack with 37 support heading into the rerun coming up, New Mexico officials discover an incendiary device placed at the state GOP headquarters, the latest on the investigation. And what's really behind President Trump's third term talk, a possible media troll.


So many people these days are focused on getting healthy and speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They are raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes a high quality researched back series of supplements for women and men in every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They're proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need. They've got over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to we heart nutrition.com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with my code Megan invest in your health. Go to we heart nutrition.com and use the code Megan for 20% off. That's we heart nutrition.com code. Megan


Officials In New Mexico investigating the cause of a fire at the GOP HQ in Albuquerque as arson around 6:00 AM on Sunday morning, the fire department responding to a call the Blaze enveloping the entryway of the building, taking about five minutes to contain New Mexico GOP chairwoman Amy Barella telling Fox News the incident is being investigated as a hate crime while It's still under investigation. We do know that there was some sort of a device to start a fire placed in front of the doorway about or around 1:00 AM and that the ignition was about 5:00 AM This has been deemed a hate crime and I know that there're going to be back today to do more investigations and collect more cameras from the neighboring businesses.


So yes, we are in close contact with A TF and the FBI. Gotcha. And the Attorney General did reach out to me yesterday as well, Also discovered the words ice equals KKKA common slogan among leftist agitators spray painted on the side of the GOP HQ building an A TF official confirming to the Santa Fe new Mexican newspaper, a joint investigation with the FBI and Albuquerque Fire and Rescue is underway while no suspects have yet been identified. This is the latest act of suspected political vandalism following a series of similar attacks on Tesla facilities in recent weeks. The attack just one day after Democrat congresswoman from New Mexico to raise a Leger Fernandez making these remarks, What more can you do?


And we have a three-prong project, legislate, litigate, agitate. And you guys are part of the agitate part, so don't feel like we are hopeless or helpless when we express our outrage And it is universal, they are forced to put it back. The Democratic Party of New Mexico offering in a statement quote, we firmly maintain that this sort of act has absolutely no place in our democracy and that peaceful discourse and organization are the only ways to approach political differences in our country. President Trump's first international trip of his second term will be to Saudi Arabia.


Axios reporting the president plans to travel to the Gulf Nation in mid-May, Saudi Arabia. Also the site of Mr. Trump's first international trip in his first administration. A break in tradition with past presidents who typically visit Canada, Mexico, or the UK in early March. President Trump telling reporters in the oval his reasons for visiting the Saudis. First I'm going to Saudi Arabia. 'cause normally you'd Go to UK first. And last time I went to Saudi Arabia, they put up $450 billion this time. He said, I'll go, if you pay a trillion dollars, $1 trillion to American companies, meaning the purchase over a four year period of a trillion dollars.


And they've agreed to do that. So I'm gonna be going there In January. The Saudi prince said the Kingdom was prepared to invest 600 billion into the US over the next four years. An unnamed US official telling Axios quote talks will focus on discussing foreign investments, strengthening relationships with Gulf Nations and ending conflict in the Middle East. Last week, president Trump announcing his goal of adding more countries to the Abraham Accords, a series of agreements establishing diplomatic and economic ties between Israel and several Arab nations. Axios reporting those plans are on the back burner as the Saudis are demanding the creation of a Palestinian state President Trump trolling.


We think the media with talk of a potential third term NBC reporting, quote, president Donald Trump did not rule out the possibility of seeking a third term in the White House, which is prohibited by the Constitution under the 22nd Amendment, saying in an exclusive interview with NBC news that there were methods for doing so and clarifying that he was, quote, not joking. The rest of the media. Quickly picking up on the story, Legal scholars are raising concerns after President Trump said he's considering a third term, An idea that would require violating the constitution's term limits for president. We should consider it a constitutional threat. It is against the Constitution and actually it's against what we stand for as Americans.


Harvard Law Professor Emeritus Alan Dershowitz, who taught constitutional law for 50 years says there is technically a way for President Trump to do it, but it is extremely convoluted and highly unlikely. On Sunday night, president Trump waving off the frenzy from Air Force One. I don't wanna talk about a third term now, because no matter how you look at it, we got a long time to go. We have a long time. You know, we have almost four years to go and that's a long time. But despite that, so many people are saying, you've gotta run again. They love the job we're doing. Most importantly, they love the job we're doing. Are You planning to leave office January 20th, 2029 or are you saying you might not?


Go ahead. Any other questions? And that'll do it for your AM Update. I'm Megan Kelly. Don't forget to be aware of April Fool's jokes today. They're lurking everywhere, especially on the internet. What's not a joke is we'll be on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/me Kelly, and on all podcast platforms.