
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with a new someone, or simply to strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style. Step out and stack on flash. A look of bold 14 karat gold layer that fit with a solitaire, diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and happy Friday. Okay, can I just tell you something before we get started? You know what I did this morning? I did the best thing, the best, best thing. It was a talent show at our daughter's middle school. She's finishing eighth grade. And so it was all the girls in this middle school doing their thing. I am such a sucker for this stuff, guys. I cried like five times. I just like, not like the ugly cry but cried.


I mean like actual tears over what kids I do not know. Like some random child getting up there and singing, you know, some, some amazing, some not that amazing. Didn't matter. Just like the, just the risk of it. You know, just these little girls getting up there and like standing alone in front of a microphone, looking out at a full audience and singing. That takes guts. That's ballsy. And then other girls do. It was like everything from like one girl did the Irish, you know, stepped dancing. That was great. And another, another girl played the violin.


Another girl, she was a sleeper, a sleeper candidate. Came out there with a guitar. She played the first couple of chords. I was like, okay, let's see if she can play. And then she started singing. She's a voice of an angel. It was like brought down the house. My daughter and her dear, dear friend have done the same thing. I think all four years of middle school in, in Our Town. It goes fifth through eighth where they put on an enormous animal costume and do a dance together. Like last year I think they were a horse. And this year, I don't know what the cast was this year. Was it a dog? It was un unidentifiable. So it, all of it, it just makes me cry 'cause it's like risk taking a moment in the spotlight.


And here's the other thing I loved about it. I loved that these girls, you know how we talk about mean girls? And that's, that's a thing. That's for sure that's a thing. Well, here's the great thing about girls that you probably aren't gonna see at the All Boys Assembly. All of them, like with their arms up for the listening audience, I'm waving like hands left to right. And with every girl singing, with every girl's piano solo, you know, the whole auditorium and like shouting out the girls like total support, solidarity, sisterhood. Not a hint of mean girl action, not a hint of it.


Just total support. And like cliques for their fellow middle schoolers. It was so uplifting. I don't know how they managed to make middle school pleasant, but they, they did. My daughter had a great time in it. I watched it happen with her and her friends. And congrats to all these, all these girls who are trying to do middle school in a different way, and to these girls who got up on stage today and sat in the front row of their life. Love it. Absolutely love it. Okay, we right here have a great show lined up for you. It's not gonna have Irish step dancing, but it is gonna have Link Lauren, which is, I mean, almost as good. He's the latest member of our MK Media team and his podcast launches on Monday.


He's a former senior advisor to RFKJ, which is perfect because there is so much Maha drama happening right now. And Link is ready to spill the tea. As they say, there's plenty to get to, including the continued media storm around the nomination of Casey Means to Surgeon General, but it kind of goes beyond that. And there's new reporting today on the relationship between 73-year-old Bill Belichick and 24-year-old Jordan Hudson is she banned from the University of North Carolina.


Link is gonna tell us why he's team Jordan, what he is the host of the new podcast. Spot On with Link Lauren. It launches Monday. Here's a preview, take a look. It's 2025. The Democrats are in free fall stumping for gang members and men and women's sports. Disney is tanking. Dylan Mulvaney writing memoirs. It's a crazy world we're living in. My name is Link Lauren and I'm here to guide you through it all. But make no mistake, this is not a safe space. And if Kamala Harris, if it were her cocaine, she probably would've been a lot more productive as a vice president. They didn't think it was a threat to democracy. Having a brain dead president, Joe Biden for the last four years, tired of people just giving James Carville his flowers because he's our elder. I'm not gonna just respect my elders, he is a swamp creature. My new show, Spot On with Link, Lauren officially launches Monday, May 12th with MK Media. I'm a content creator and political commentator who built trust with my audience by calling it like I see it. That's not changing. You might know me from TikTok tv, the Kennedy campaign, and some of you might not know me at all with Spot On, we're gonna dive into the swampy waters of Washington dc, the woke cesspool of Hollywood and everything in between. Let the games begin on Monday, May 12th. I'll see you on the next one. Bye. I Love this guy. Whoever the hell that is, That's a great, it's a great promo link. Welcome everybody. Go subscribe and follow now so you don't miss the premier episode. It's called Spot On with link.com. You can go there and any, any podcast feed, you can find it Spot On with Link. You've gotta go, subscribe, follow, and enjoy as the first episode hits on Monday.


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, listen up. They have just introduced their Riverbed Ranch steaks to the marketplace and you need to try them. Riverbend Ranch raises their own beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbend Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They contract the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards as one of the best in the us, but most importantly is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store. You cannot ship directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from riverbend ranch.com and use promo code Megan to get $20 off your first order. That's riverbend ranch.com code, Megan. And be prepared once you taste it. I think you're gonna be coming back for more and more. Again, Riverbend ranch.com code. Megan, great to see you.


Are you excited? I am so excited. I'm not even gonna pretend like I've been here before. I am so excited, Megan, I'm so grateful to you. I told you this privately, I have no shame in saying this. For years, one of my top career goals was just to even come on the Megan Kelly show. I was like, if Megan would know that I exist someday, I want to go on Megan and I wanna go on Bill Maher. Those are my two goals. So for years I would hit you guys up. I'd ask people if they knew who booked your show, maybe I could get on Megan Kelly. So for now to have this deal and to have your blessing, it's like such a God is good. Surreal moment. Oh, and it's also just a full, a full circle moment for my audience too, because I don't say this with hubris or anything.


I know I've worked to earn every single viewer that I have. That's right. I've turned out thousands of viewers stay up late filming, editing, given up time with family just to churn out those videos for them. And so for you giving me a seat at the table, I feel like I've left the side door open for them to come in with me and I'm just a conduit for what they're interested in and their issues. So we're all so grateful to Megan and her entire team. So thank you. Thank you. Seriously, I'm having a, I'm having a Meghan Markle moment. Like I have people on the podcast who are just gonna say nice things about me. I swear that's not what's happening here. No, I know you hate that. I know you hate that podcast, but I have to Thank you for that. Honestly, we're lucky to have you. You're a total rising star and in a year, thank you, everybody's gonna be like, oh my God, why didn't we try harder to get link?


And I'm gonna look at them all and say too bad and too late. You're just, it was very obvious the first time we saw you that you a special talent and you have a special way of communicating. Not everybody has it. There's a special ingredient list that goes into really connecting with an audience and even people who I really respect and who are very like, you know, charming to me personally, don't always have the right combo, at least in my eyes, to really succeed as an independent host and a podcast. And you've got those qualities in spades Link. Lauren, thank you so much. Can't wait to watch your numbers. Go chew through the roof. Okay, let, I'm So excited for the first episode. Yes, let's get in. And You, and you have a great guest Who is Cali means Hello.


Talk about like perfect timing. Yes. Before we show a clip from Cali Means, let's talk about Cali means. Cali means the brother of Casey. Means. Casey Means is now our nominee for surgeon general. The other woman, Janet ot, has been turfed. She's gonna take some random job within HHS. My information is, it was an RFKJ move all away all the way. He didn't know or want Janet ness. He knew and wanted Casey Means that makes perfect sense to me because Casey's integral to the whole Maha movement. With all due respect to Janet, she wasn't, she's not really even a part of it, right? So of course he would want one of his like main gurus, lieutenants. She, I think she's both to him right at the helm of his own messaging on health.


But my God, this is like the Maha people are, they love drama. They're, they're very dramatic link. Like I love them. But this is a lot of drama over, oh, I, the surgeon general pick, okay, like, like I love Casey, but like we're treating this like it's, you know, the National Security Advisor or like the Secretary of State. Okay, so what the hell is happening? Give us your 30,000 foot view. You work for RFKJ. So you know this world and these people very well. And what's happening here? I know way too much. One thing about me is I am known for having no drama. Not in a Switzerland way. I never bring drama online.


I'm very diplomatic. It's my people in politics know they can trust me. I have seen some things I will never say. I can say with unequivocal certainty, I support Casey Means as surgeon general. And I would request that anybody who is contesting Casey, can you name any other surgeon General, right? All these people online who are upset. Yeah. Is Surgeon General some big role that we have followed? No. The fact that we're even talking about it now is a huge win. And I also, I don't say this because I sat down with Callie means we taped our interview last week before all of this. But Casey and Callie are some of the most effective surrogates for the Maha movement, right? They have been talking about ultra processed foods and food dyes and getting chemicals out of our water for years far before it was popular in the mainstream.


And so I think a lot of these Maha folks need to remember a year ago you couldn't even get the mainstream media to cover these issues. So the fact that they're talking about them now, look how far we've come. And also there's this narrative that Casey and Callie means they must be Manchurian candidates because they're so skilled on air. They're just so talented and polished. That's who you want in the Trump administration. Howard Lutnick said during the transition when they were nominating people, they would put clips of Scott Beson up on the screen, Pam Bondy speaking, and that's how they would decide who to put in the cabinet. They wanted folks who could be effective surrogates. So wouldn't you put Casey in that role? The next thing I'll say is this. From a political calculus standpoint, I think Casey is a genius move.


I know Trump is already thinking about the midterms. He's doing tons of MAGA Inc. Fundraisers. He's gone to Virginia several times to do fundraisers. Everybody's thinking about the midterms and what could happen. We have Bobby in there who's a huge Maha voice. But to grow the Maha MAGA coalition, elevating a strong woman's voice like Casey, who's effective on air and on camera, is such a smart move moving forward. And that's why I support it. Totally. I agree with you on all fronts, but man, oh man, are they trying to take her down? It is the weirdest collective hit. Now listen, without casting these aspersions on any individual, yes, I will say there's no question in my mind that big pharma doesn't want her and Big Ag probably doesn't want her.


And so she's going to have some very powerful enemies. And we saw this, again, I'm not talking about any individual person, but I guarantee you some collection of the attacks on her that we're seeing on X are bought and paid for. Because we saw this, remember when? When they were pushing to not have Snap benefits include Yes. The ability to buy like Coca-Cola. And then it came out that some of these people who are gonna be hurt by these revisions, were trying to pay like the lobbyists for these groups or trying to pay random influencers to be like, oh, this is big daddy legislation. You know, conservatives to try to speak to conservatives to try to turn the MAGA group against this reform.


And there's no question they're not gonna lie down and let somebody like Casey Means be become the messenger. They already have to deal with RFKJ. They're pissed off enough about that. Right? So these are very deep pocketed people and I'm sure there are some online right now who are being paid by them. I'd love to find out for sure. And then there are others who have legitimate, you know, honest like questions about Casey and that's fine. That's politics. Hello. But here's an example of some of the stuff we're, we're hearing. So Callie means versus Nicole Shanahan, we didn't get to this yesterday. Nicole Shanahan, RFK J'S running mate can't stand Cali and Casey, I didn't know this, but she came out, I don't have the tweet in front of me, but man, did she lay into them?


She called them like Urian assets. Yes. And said, I was promised that if I supported RFKJ in his senate confirmation for the HHS role, that these two wouldn't come anywhere near HHS or government. So did Bobby lie to me or what? Because they, to me are so weird and aggressive. This is Nicole Shanahan that they seem like urian assets. Now Brett Bear asked Bobby Kennedy about that. He had like a health panel of the top health health officials last night. And here's what, what happened.


She was the top of her, the very top of her medical class at Stanford. She is in every, during her residency, she won every award that she could want. She walked away from traditional medicine because she was not curing patients. She couldn't get anybody within her profession to look at the nutrition contributions to illness. And she said, if we're really gonna heal people, if we're healers, we can't just be making our life about billing new procedures. We actually have to figure out new approaches to medicine. Your Former running mate weighed in today saying that she wasn't happy about this and said that you're somehow being controlled, your decisions are being controlled.


That's what she, she Posed, listen, you guys sitting here, four people who were all canceled during Covid. Yeah, that's right. Of these people are all, you know, you've got an, the entire leadership of this agency is renegades who are, who are, you know, who are juggernauts against convention and who are trying to look for truth no matter what the cost. So Nobody's controlling Is among those. So it's interesting he didn't, you know, he didn't take on is somebody controlling me, but he's basically saying everybody up here is a renegade and kind of uncontrollable. For the record, he was with Dr. Jay Charia who was canceled during Covid. Dr. Marty mcc, Johns Hopkins, who now runs FDA and Dr. Me Oz, who's gonna be overseeing Medicare and of course RFKJ.


Go ahead, link your thoughts. Well, I can tell you he certainly cannot be bought or controlled. Bobby would probably be much wealthier if he could be. And as for Nicole Shanahan, I'm gonna say something that I know she would agree with, Bobby would agree with. They keep saying, Bobby's running, mate says this RFKs running mate, Nicole Shanahan says this, this isn't a Trump Vance situation where they were out campaigning together and making tons of decisions together besides our March 26th announcement in Oakland at the Henry J Kaiser Center, which several of us helped to plan. I think Bobby and Nicole were in the same room together twice. I think they saw each other again in person two times maybe. So these journalists who are writing like Nicole is some close advisor and Ally at Bobby who's turned around and shanked him.


That's just not the case. You know, Bobby's career went on, he got the nomination to HHS, he's been killing it at HHS and accomplishing, accomplishing more in the first a hundred days than I think any of us ever expected. So this narrative that, oh, his close ally and friend and Nicole has turned on him is just anathema to reality. Okay. But she doesn't seem to be in his camp anymore. I mean that tweet No, my team just sent it to me. She writes, this is what she wrote when the Casey Means news broke late on five seven. So two days ago, this doesn't make any sense. I was promised that if I supported him and his Senate confirmation, neither of these siblings would be working under HHS or in an appointment. And that people much more qualified would be, I don't know if RFK very clearly lied to me or what's going on.


It's been clear in recent conversations that he's reporting to someone regularly who is controlling his decisions. And it isn't President Trump. Then she says the part about the siblings being artificial and aggressive and Manchurian. So she's turned on him. There's no question in my mind reading that tweet there. There's no love loss between these two. We Don't, my point I'm making is why that it's not, my point I'm making is it's not a turn on him situation. I don't think they were super simpatico 12 months ago. That's the point I'm trying to make. It's not, they're painting this narrative that, oh, his close ally, they've turned on each other. This is the Maha Civil War. She's been doing her own thing since kind of the start of the campaign when she joined us in Oakland. Like I said, they only appeared together I believe twice for events.


So Bobby's been doing his own thing. And like I said, he's the one with the pedigree. He is the face of Maha, he's the head of Maha Casey and Callie have been instrumental to Maha, like I said, they were Maha before that was even coined as a term. And I'm not knocking Nicole whatsoever, but it is convenient that she has a new contract with the Blaze and her new show she's promoting and now she's generating tons of media and press off of this when she kind of hasn't had anything to do with HHS since January 20th at the inauguration. Here she is, speaking of her show with on the Blaze, she gave an interview to Glen Beck yesterday following up in this tweet. And here's what she said. Maha has has, you know, any movement, MAGA had this issue too of infiltration by different groups that are more self-serving than they are for the movement itself.


And so, just one example Casey Means is, is a founder of a company that does biometric harvesting. She's very close with many of the big data biometric harvesting companies in Silicon Valley. And, and this I I know several of these people, you do not want them running in a government position that is responsible for everybody. Equally, our job is to continue to seek the best possible people for government that are truly putting the principles of this country. First, the principles of Amer of American sovereignty first.


Hmm. Thoughts on that? So I wanna tell you what I told Nicole last year. Nicole ended up buying a house five minutes from me. Five minutes from where I sit right now. We went to dinner a few times, we've hung out a few times. She was very open about her miscarriage. I remember being at the house and her telling me she was pregnant with her partner Jacob. It was a beautiful moment. But for Nicole, I told her last year, if you are passionate about staffing or certain people you want in the administration, call Trump's scheduler and set up a lunch or a meeting, fly to Mar-a-Lago and go have dinner with him on the patio and say, here's some names I think you should consider. Even right now, if she's upset, it's fine that she's at home tweeting. I'm happy she has a strong wifi connection. Set up a dinner, Trump will meet with you.


President Trump is the most accessible president. He wants to hear from a wide range of people and make decisions that way. So if Nicole is so passionate and worried about these things, sitting at home, tweeting isn't going to change it. Hop on a flight. I told her that last year, last fall. Go talk to President Trump. Go talk to Susie Wiles, go talk to Sergio Gore, who's in charge of personnel. But it's easy to sit at home and tweet. It's a lot harder to get in the arena and actually make change. It's easier to sit at home and write checks than to get in there and do it. I have not seen her sit, get on a plane and go see President Trump. And it's now been 12 months. So, and he, and he Would thought it was good advice. I mean, I think He would still meet with her. He would still meet with her. He would still meet with her. I told her that during the nominations. I said, if you wanna be part of this administration, the train's moving along without you, you probably aren't gonna be part of it.


If you don't go set up lunch at Mar-a-Lago, go meet with them. Say every other business leader and wealthy person was flying to Mar-a-Lago after November 5th. Heads of state were flying to Mar-a-Lago. I know people might not remember Zuckerberg was flying to Mar-a-Lago. I told Nicole, the train's gonna leave you behind. Hop on a plane, hop on a plane and go see the guy and plead your case of who you want. That has yet to happen. So, Well, here's the thing. So you're right, Bobby Kennedy is at the heart of Maha. I mean he, he's been living Maha for decades without it having that name right. And that's the whole reason he threw his hat into the presidential ring. Not the whole reason he, he's got a lot of issues with how government is being run. Things like the, you know, military industrial complex too bother him.


He's got a lot of great issues that resonate. But this is at the core of how he's lived his life as an environmental lawyer. But what happened with Maha, I mean to my memory, I'm sure people will correct me, but what happened with Maha was Bobby was running his race, then he got kicked outta the Democratic party and he obviously wasn't gonna win that nomination. And there was a question about what he, whether he was gonna endorse Kamala or Trump and the Kamala team turned their back on him. They were so stupid and shortsighted they wouldn't even talk to him. But he has this huge contingent of people who really connected with him, right? And Trump was like, yes, I will talk to you. So that happened.


And at the same time Tucker had on Casey and Callie means together. And it was an episode that went totally viral. She's, she's sold 1.5 million copies of this book, which is huge. She wrote it, but with Cali's help. And he's a similar crusader in that he worked for Coca-Cola and then he kinda became a, like a whistleblower on how these industries corrupt us. And they worked together to get RFKJ to endorse Trump. And Tucker was part of it. And the next thing we knew he did, that partnership was born. And when they did that dual announcement, refresh my memory if I'm wrong, like, but that's where they coined the phrase, make America Healthy again.


Yes. When that their partnership, Trump and and Kennedy came together and the The Means were in on it. And so like they're right at the center of Maha. Like they're not satellite to it. They're not Johnny come lately's to it. They've been right pushing this from long before Tucker found them. That's, you know, all these years of experiences are in good energy, the book. So it makes perfect sense to me why Bobby Kennedy would trust them and say this is the person to be the spokesman for what we're doing. Absolutely. I think Maha was coined at the arena in Glendale back in August of 2024. I mean one of the most iconic political moments in history. And shout out to President Trump's team for putting that together with the fire in the pyrotechnics and the Foo Fighters music.


I mean that is going to go down in history. I love production value. Trump is the consummate producer. But yeah, this Maha civil war to me is just so silly. 'cause we all want the same things. We want healthy kids, we want chemicals out of our food. We want people eating less ultra, ultra processed foods. We all want the same things. So stop tweeting, pick up the phone and call each other you adults, hop on fla, hop on planes and go have meetings with each other. Why have I been saying this now for over a year? But yeah, no, Callie has been at the forefront. And Casey as well, of Maha, I spoke to Callie about this when I interviewed him before we went on air, I said, you and I go back to way before Maha days. We were in group text and on emails during the campaign when he was advising our campaign well before Make America healthy again, was coined, trademarked, copyrighted, all of that.


So to say that they should not be a part of the administration as conduits for Maha, I think is just really silly. And this isn't a knock to Nicole. Nicole and I forged a friendship. I like Nicole. I am much closer to Bobby. I spoke to him a few weeks ago about family and some other things. I'm close with some of his kids. Just got dinner with one of his kids a few weeks ago as well. I love Bobby. He changed my life working on that campaign. I don't think people understand. I was making videos about the campaign and their head of tele fundraising called and said, do you want to come out to the house on June 23rd in LA and meet Bobby? I said, I'm gonna be in la. I wasn't, I lied. So no, they really changed my entire life. And for that reason, I have nothing but kind words to say. And there's no one else who could be in Bobby's position or Casey's and Callie's and take the hits and keep going because they're so strong in their convictions.


You'd be hard pressed to find someone. That's how Doug brunt. My husband met me too. We were set up on a blind date and when we had our first call about like whether we'd go out or we'd meet for a drink, he was living in New York and I was living in DC and he said, oh I'm gonna be in DC you know, next weekend or two weekends. And of course that was all a lie. He just came down to see me and it worked out. No, This is my advice for you is advice to all young people. This is what I tell young people all the time. Show up. I don't care if you have to fly in the back of economy, if you have to stay in a crappy hotel, if there's a potential for a job or to level up in your career. Show up. I said, of course I'm gonna be in LA on that date. They gave me an address. I ubered over to the house. Security patted me down. They introduced me to Bobby.


He gave me a cell number and said my social media is effed. We need help with our social media. And I started texting him, you know, every couple days with ideas, I put together little strategy memos. I would just email unsolicited. And finally his daughter-in-law called and said, well I guess we should hire you to work on the campaign and the rest is history. So show up people show up. Young people. I couldn't agree more with that. You either have that attitude or you don't. Like I am now been at this job for, I don't know, I've been in the professional working arena for longer than I care to say. Actually if I start doing math, I can count on like two fingers. Link the, the number of times I have not gone to work. Like I, I literally have to be actively in the middle of vomiting to not show up.


It's just who I am. Like I, I will crawl over hot coals to get to do my job because I just feel like that's the commitment that I've made. And by the way, even that presidential debate where Donald Trump and I tussled, I'd been violently vomiting. Yes. All day long. Like I, I mean it like, which is why, I mean this is probably not great for me as a boss, but I, I like, I don't have such an employee right now just for the record. But like if I had somebody who was like constantly calling out sick or like, oh I can't be there, right? Or no, I can't make that, I'd get rid of them. It's like, I'm sorry but like either you have this crusher work ethic or you don't. And I'm not in a job where that can even be abused journalism. It's not like law, right?


Where oh, I'll take all 24 of your hours. All of them, right? This is like at, at worst you're gonna be giving like nine hours. Like shut up and do it. Sorry. That's how I feel. Well that's what happened with the White House too. I said, you know, I don't have a press pass. I don't know if I can get in. And my friends at the White House, they said, just show up. Showing up is half the job. I showed up, had no idea what was gonna happen that day. I said, do you think there's a chance I could be included in this event? Let me see. Yeah, you can be included. Then I got to talk to President Trump and ask him a a question. That's where the magic happens. Show up and go on that blind faith and work your ass off. All the young people listening and all the moms tell your kids, okay, show Up. Yes. Wait. So that's the one where he was like, I dunno, who the hell is this guy? But I love him.


Yes, Exactly. There was a really small group that was gonna be covering that NASCAR event. And I went in and I said, I have no idea what the difference is between this pool and this press pool or the swimming pool, but if you guys would include me, I would be honored to be included. I'm so grateful. It's an auspicious place. I don't take it for granted being here. The woman in the office said, let me go check. She comes back and says, yeah, you can come and be included in that event. So there are probably six or seven of us. And President Trump came walking out and he kept looking at me. I think President Trump thought I was gonna be some super liberal he was gonna spar with. He was sort of looking at me going, oh, I'm going to eat this guy alive. And then he ended up liking me and said, I love this guy. Who the hell are you? And so that is where the magic happens.


Show up people, you know, even if you actually, It won't be long gonna Be there. Lie Before. He knows your name very, very well. So let's talk about you a little bit. I think he does it now. I wanna hear more about how Link Lauren came into this world and was raised and how you got to be a conservative. So talk, talk to us about your background. So it's interesting, I think people have this narrative that I was somehow super liberal and then I switched over the last few years and made a hard right turn. That's really not the case. You know, I grew up in Dallas, Texas. I went to an all boys school where we wore uniforms. It was a very conservative environment. But growing up, I was always super involved in politics. Right from the time I was 14, I would put together these town halls with kids from different schools in our area and we would talk about hot button issues, gender, race, news items that were going on.


And I'd get a chaperone, I'd get pizza, I'd collect money for the pizza, and kids would come once a month and we would discuss these issues. From there, I got invited to go to all these leadership conferences in high school. I got to go to DC and speak on Capitol Hill to advocate, advocate for some of the issues in my hometown. Kids who weren't getting accommodations, they were promised. 'cause any parent out there who has a kid with special needs or learning disabilities, the public schools might not have the resources. The private schools, they aren't obligated to help you in any way. So I was in DC advocating for that as a teenager. And then I decided for some dumb reason to go to NYU. Wow. So I wanted to move to New York because there weren't a lot of people like me. I knew one other gay person. I just wanted to go to New York and I love New York and grew up watching any shows I could about New York.


So I went to NYU and it was a super liberal environment. Like the teachers are wearing Birkenstocks with rainbow leggings, utter calamity, Disaster. Just so people know Baron Trump is going through this same experience. Yes, right now. Keep going. Yes. One of my biggest videos, part of the reason some of the Trump people started following me, I did a video last year on Baron going to NYU and some advice I had for him and it went bonkers. So I pray for Baron every single day at NYU, but I think he's a pretty strong kid. Yes. So NYUI worked all through there. I was an assistant to someone in the music industry and he would have like Bon Jovi come over for dinner. I remember Valerie from Ashford and Simpson came over and would play piano and sing. And so I was always working as an assistant, fetching coffee, making copies, then going to class during the day.


And then Covid hit. And my degree was useless. I studied music, business, entertainment. I studied a little bit of entertainment law. And there was no entertainment industry really. No. During Covid, the music industry was dead. And a lot of my friends had sort of moved home. They had fallen into bad habits. And there was this app called TikTok. So I was not gonna do the silly dances on TikTok, that would be social suicide. I decided to start posting about politics and news and I did that. And then in May of 2023 is when my video started to take off. And June of 2023, the Kennedy campaign said, we see these videos you're you're doing on the campaign. How can we get a list of the people who are commenting? I said, there's no way to export a list of these people who are commenting.


'cause young people were saying, who the heck is this? RFK guys? He JFK Jr. Who is this? They didn't really know. And the campaign said, we wanna capitalize on that. And I said, well why don't I film something with Bobby and do a whole thing on him? And that, you know, the rest is sort of history. Wow. So you, you lean more, right? Because you grew up in Texas and are your parents conservative? How did, how does your politics get formed? So my mom is, my mom says she's an independent, which is code four. She loves Trump. But yeah, my dad is conservative. My brother drives a big pickup truck and handles heavy machinery. And he is always now, now that I travel and I go to these events with hot conservative women, my brother's always like, got any babes, you set me up, hook your brother up, you know, tell him your brother with the truck once a day.


So yeah, I did go probably a little more left when I went to NYU because it's all being shoved down your throat. And there wasn't a ton of alternative media. The podcast space wasn't really popping off at that time. Megan, you didn't even have your podcast yet. You weren't in the independent space. Tucker wasn't in the independent space. And so I was basically consuming mainstream news and mainstream news. And my classmates at NYU said, Trump is the boogeyman. Trump's gonna destroy democracy. Hilaria was robbed. You know, they're still crying over that night at the Javit Center. And I just started looking around going, I don't know, this really isn't me. And then when my TikTok took off, I paid for myself. I flew to Iowa, I got on a bus and I went to all of these primary events and that's how I connected with the Ramas Swami campaign.


I would show up at events and I remember asking, you know, if Nikki Haley had 60 seconds to film a video with me, she said, no, I would never film a TikTok. I remember waiting out in the hot sun at the Reagan library for hours to film something with Pence. 'cause I was trying to get all the primary candidates. Pence did not wanna film with me, even though I submitted, submitted questions ahead of time and they were softballs. And so I would just show up at events on my own dime, hoping to film a TikTok video. And at the time, Trump wasn't on TikTok. They were like, this is the ccp, we're not gonna film with you. And I would kind of just be shut out of events. And so when people say, now I'm gushing over Caroline Levitt at the White House, I'm not gushing over anyone. I'm just so grateful that new media is included at the White House because you guys don't know what it was like for me traveling through Iowa and New Hampshire and being shut out by comms directors and press secretaries who wouldn't let me film 60 seconds.


I was doing millions of views a week on TikTok. Maybe you guys should have tried to reach my young people, Nikki Haley and Mike Pence. And so I just, that's why I'm so grateful for new media at the White House. You know, I'm not sick of Fantic. I really am that grateful to be there. I'm happy to be there. No, it's so stupid and shortsighted not to take advantage of this person who has a big presence on a very relevant, yes, controversial but very relevant app where millions of young Americans go religiously every day, multiple times a day. I mean multiple times a day. So I, it's so short, so shortsighted of them. The in the month of May when I really popped off was May of 2023. I did 32 million views on TikTok alone.


That's over a million views a day. Amazing. My videos were going crazy 'cause I was the only one with really my perspective. Nobody who looked like me had my perspective. I was talking about men and women's sports, the immigration crisis, east Palestine, Ohio, all of these things. The train derailment, nobody looked like me was giving this perspective on TikTok. So my page was going crazy and I couldn't understand why folks like Pence and Hailey and other primary candidates I won't name, wouldn't even give me 30 seconds. And I film with my phone, I pull out and ask them a, you know, fun, silly question. For me, it's just getting them in front of my audience. A lot of my audience didn't know who Nikki Haley was, so I couldn't understand them shutting me out when I'm doing more views a day, huge views in the target demo that all these shows want.


I am doing about a million views a day in the Target demo. And you guys don't have 30 seconds from me. And you know, I wish them well now I think I'm doing okay. Yeah. You know, this is how I feel about TMZ. TMZ will catch up with me at random wherever, you know, sometimes where I am. And I always talk to those guys. They're, these are not bad guys. You know, like they're there. The, the shooter's gonna get a couple dollars if you give 'em like some tape. Right? Answer a couple questions. And like if I were a politician and I saw some young guy just wanting to ask me, who doesn't have a snarky way in? You know, he's not being an asshole. Of course. No, it wasn't why That's the name of the game. That's why Trump will talk to anybody. 'cause he gets that. Absolutely. I mean, I would be in a suit and tie looking preppy.


Like I was not there to cause any drama. I would get the emails of the press secretaries ahead of time and I would send my stats and I would, some of them would even say, oh, we'll meet you here so smart. And then they take one look at you and then they say, we're good, we're good, we're busy. And it was like, oh, does Mike Pence not wanna be standing next to me on camera because I'm gay because of the way I look? I have no clue. But I just remember being shut out of things. And it's funny now, that's why I'm so grateful and why I'm such a champion of new media. 'cause it was 18 months before Trump joined TikTok. Right. So it was pretty cold desert out here. How was it? I mean, I've talked to a lot of gay conservatives. I feel like every gay conservative man is a friend of mine. I I just feel like I I know so many of them. We Understand you Well.


I do. Well, well as as my, as the guy who helps me with my costumes. 'cause everybody knows I love my costume parties. As he said to Abby, behind Every great woman is a strong gay man. I love that. And I think it's true. But anyway, was it weird? Was it, can you speak to what it was like? How old are you? You're young. I'm 27 now. All right. So how was it, how was it growing up in that timeframe as a gay man who leans conservative in Texas? Well, it wasn't even so much conservative. I mean, I was bullied relentlessly. When I say I was a loser growing up, I was never invited to a party. I would be at home on the weekends with my mom. I live with my mom. What? And so how's that Possible now?


It's such an effort, scent, personality. I know. Well it's funny now I think people get me. But I think when kids are growing up, if you're a little different, they just don't know how to take you. Right. They can't go throw the ball with you. They don't know you know how to take you. And so I was just bullied constantly. I got the shit beat outta me. I had to have my front teeth redone. I had to get stitches what my car got vandalized next. I was just bullied relentlessly. And I don't say woe is me. I'm not looking for sympathy. I'm tough as nails. But it's just interesting now the past two years to be in such a great place. People say all the time, you're too happy. I was told by someone in conservative media, you're too cutesy and happy all the time. It's annoying. I am so happy to be here and to be working and that anyone likes what I do and to have a voice in the discourse at all.


And so I'm never gonna apologize for being eager and happy and excited because it's been a literal long, hellish journey to get to the past two years. You know what I'm saying? Did you have like a natural sunny disposition before the bullying? Oh, I was always, I was always happy. I mean, I used to spike my hair and I was into theater and music and all of that. I always say pictures Didn't happen. We'll lay 'em in after. Yeah. Oh, I have tons of pictures. But yeah, no, I always say I'm a recovering theater kid. But yeah, no, I was always happy and fun. And what's so crazy is like, even though the kids would treat me like shit, I'd get like beat up on a Monday. I would come back to school on Tuesday and be like, can we help plan the Spring Fling dance? Can we do this? Oh, I was involved in community service. So I always tell kids literally get back up and keep going.


You cannot stop. Right. And so it's why now I think a lot of these liberal journalists who are just, there's been a barrage of horrible hit pieces on me the last week and even one yesterday in The Spectator. They were kind of coming for me. I think these journalists underestimate how comfortable I am in my own skin. I am very secure and very confident in exactly who I am. Nothing a liberal journalist can say is ever going to knock me off my game whatsoever. Yeah. Honestly. And they have absolutely no power over you. So you can relate to what I was saying at the top of the show that I witnessed in these young girls coming out to the microphone, you know, talented to the ears or working on it. It takes a lot of guts to do that.


To stand in front of a microphone or on a stage in front of your peers and just let it go. Like, let's see if they love me or hate me. Absolutely. I mean, I've gotten up, I got up to sing in front of the school a million times. I was in every show. I was the star of the choir. I was telling your producer in March of 22, I auditioned for this show at Carnegie Hall with Vanessa Williams. It was gonna be sort of a Steven Steven Sondheim retrospective and tribute. And I ended up getting cast in the show. So I got to work with her. The show was sold out at Carnegie Hall. I was about to vomit before going out on stage, but I'm so glad I did it. So I can send in pictures of that as well. But yeah, no, it takes guts to get out. Think we a clip. If you're singing in said show, I want that too. Yeah. I will find, I will find, I'll go through my phone and I'll find all this and send it.


But yeah, no, I think that's why now I'm not that nervous. Especially the past few years getting to go on cable and go on shows. It's like, hello, I was in front of thousands of people about to vomit. This is fun. I can do this. Yes. But it does take guts and I think it takes guts for young people to be authentic and stand in their truth. Which sounds so Meghan Markle, I'm sounding so liberal in Meghan Markle right now, but it's just the truth, you know? And if you don't feel comfortable now, I always say the way you feel today, if you're watching this in your hometown, if you're feeling left out, if you don't fit in, it's hard to see the forest for the trees when you're like a teenager. The way you feel today is not how you're gonna feel forever. Okay. Your life is going to get exponentially better. Yeah. I mean you forget that. This is one of the things I love about you link is that I, I feel like you take the important messaging that we have so much in common on and you bring it to a whole new generation.


You resonate. I mean, I knew I knew of you and you'd been on the show and you were a star and I was a big fan, but thank you a friend's teenager. My, one of my dear friends, I was talking to her teenager and he was like, you know who your favorite guest is of mine Link Lauren. And he listed, oh my God, all the many reasons why he loves you. And it really was at that point that I was like, I actually need to seriously consider Link because for this new thing that we were launching, because I really think you're the voice of like the next generation. You're gonna be able to speak to these young people in a way that, you know, yours truly might not be able to. Tucker might not be able to. Like you've got something and you've kind of been through things that they've been through more recently. Totally. They need somebody like you.


Thank you. Well thank you for saying that. And I have a ton of dudes who follow me straight guys are always like, you're the only gay guy I like. Well, thank you. So I mean, my audience really runs the gamut. And I always say the only thing I'm beholden true, the only thing I'm beholden to is common sense. I've never taken a dollar from the RNC or Trump, no matter what these journalists say have never taken a dollar from the DNC. Not that they offered, I'm just beholden to common sense. And it just so happens right now Trump and his administration are on the 80% of all of these 80 20 issues. And President Trump is our strongest defense and bulwark against the woke insanity on the left. So I am going to come out and speak up. I don't want another lake and Riley Jocelyn Nari situation. I don't want Ms.


MS 13 and gang members running amuck on the street like a braigo Garcia. Right? I don't want men and women's sports, if that makes me some right wing such and such. I don't give a rat's ass because I'm gonna speak up for common sense. And there's a reason a overwhelming majority of the country agrees with me on these issues. You and Callie means discussed President Trump, who you both Yes. He knows him a bit and you've been following him for quite some, some time and had a funny moment. I wanna play that. So it's number four, President. President Trump looks great. I mean, he looks younger than ever. President Trump Looks amazing. President Trump is aging in reverse. He's losing weight. Bobby put him on a carnivore diet. Apparently he's not President Trump is not on Symptoms.


Well, his medical report came out. He is not zip was not listed. I'm actually not. We're we're, we're in the White House. Yeah. And, and I'm just, I'm saying this for for real. His biomarkers, his his cholesterol and blood sugar and all those levels is top 5% for American disease. Man is a machine. He's lost weight. So, so, so it's common sense solutions. President Trump's cut out some carbs, he's eating more whole food. I mean, there's a real revolution happening in this country. That's a charming b big news and c going to come as a crushing blow to the left. Oh, Trump looks so good. Trump I really think is like Benjamin Button. He is aging in reverse. I also have this theory that these woke liberals, they look so gaunt and gray and emaciated and anemic.


These liberals who have Trump der Like Ve Wang Yes. Like Vera Wang. They do not look healthy. And I know I'm the last person to talk about being pale because I'm white as Casper. But I will say these liberals literally are just, their cheeks are hollowing out. Well that might be the, you know, buckle fat removal. But no, these liberal TDS celebrities, they don't look good. They look great. President Trump, he looks friendly and vibrant and avuncular to use an SAT word. Everybody in the Trump administration is glowing and healthy and on the left it's not great. They need moha. President Trump Has definitely lost some weight. He's slimming down. And I'm glad to hear that Bobby Kennedy stepped in with a carnivore diet. That's something President Trump could get behind. I, I don't see him going vegan, but I can see him going like, maybe we can have him switching to like the Big Mac without the buns.


Like that could, that could be real progress I think. Oh, that's a tough one. Not sure that would be Bobby approved, but that was great. And then you ask Callie about something very much in the news because of the controversy Yes. Around his sister Casey. Not knowing that this was about to hit, but you got into the, the pushing of trans on our children. And Callie and Casey are very close. I told the audience this yesterday. I've spoken to Casey directly. Casey is where I am on the children and the trans thing. She will not push puberty blockers. She doesn't back, she doesn't believe in them for children. She doesn't believe in cross-ex hormones. And she doesn't believe in surgical procedures in the trans lane for minors because she's a normal person.


Okay. And neither does Callie you and he discussed it a bit in sub three Kids transitioning and I've talked about that a lot. 'cause people say you're gay, you should support kids transitioning. I'm gay, not brain dead. I have common sense. Is there a medical lobby pushing kids to transition and take these drugs and these gender hormone Unrelenting. Okay, unrelenting. So I think you have to understand that the blob of special interests looks for issues where you can call someone racist, homophobic, sexist, trans phobe, sexist, what have you. They love those issues. And this child trans issue was a beautiful one.


These institutions just lose their way. And at the core of this, berating of the American people to support gender transition or else was a lot of corporate money because there are billions and billions of dollars. President Trump has just been stop it. We're gonna have common sense. And he's called it demonic in the past too. So this is all by the way, so that for the listening audience, going to premiere on links Premier episode is part of the MK Media Network. Go subscribe now wherever, get your podcast for free. It's called Spot On with Link Lauren. Or you can go Spot On with link.com, which will take you to all of link's, socials and the YouTube and all that. But what did you make of Callie?


And even the notion that frankly either Callie or Casey is pro the transing of children. So first off, I'm incredibly grateful to the White House and their entire team for setting this up. I do not take it for granted being there. And I thank you guys for helping me get the videographer because like I said, I barely know anyone in this business. So I was grateful to be there. I didn't know I was interviewing Callie until he showed up and was coming down the hall and he said, Hey, I got 10 minutes. Let's do an interview. And I, I said, great, because I'm in the sea of all these new people in a high stakes environment. I haven't slept, I'm nervous. So seeing a familiar face in someone you're friends with coming down the hall made me so happy. Aw, I love Callie. I know I could pick up the phone and call him and say, I need your advice on this and that health issue.


And he would be there. I know the character of these people and I can tell you with unequivocal certainty, they do not support the transing of kids whatsoever. They are with me on that. They're with you on that. They're on the 80% of this 80 20 issue and common sense. They do not support pumping kids through full of hormones. And we see that in the clip. Here is the other thing. We talked about your, we began the hour with my daughter on the stage and our little schoolmates on stage. We talked a bit about your acting background. We didn't talk about your latest starring role. Here's a bit for people who missed link, which I know none of you did in the blonde origin world. Oh my god, terrible. Premier me, which terrible one week ago today.


Here he is. Watch. I just spoke to a source in Connecticut that said Megan's husband, Douglas Bru just took out a massive life insurance policy on her this morning. But I'm sure that is not suspicious whatsoever. These two women are proving once and for all. There's nothing a woman can't do that a man can as long as it's for a few minutes and they don't have to operate any heavy machinery. What has This meant to you as someone who's covered space launches for, I don't know, 20 minutes. I am just overcome with emotion. I'm incredibly proud of these three women for everything they went to in the lead up to the launch for Surviving Zero Gravity and making it back down to Earth Safe and Sound Link.


You nailed it. You made that so much funnier. Well thank you. And then we talked about it last Friday. If, if you haven't seen Blonde Orange and everybody go to youtube.com/maybe Kelly, it's still there. What, what was it like for you starring in your latest film? Oh, I was sick as a dog. I looked terrible and we had nothing on the screen so Mark and I were just kind of going for it. I think your team, they were like, oh, link's not in the zone today. But I think we got some good lines. I had some other jokes that were probably a little more off color that my boyfriend said, you can't do that. You can't say that. I said, I think Megan would like it, but you know, I'll play it safe till the show launches. But yeah, no, I'm grateful to be included and I grew up watching the circus religious like 10 years ago. I would watch the circus and wanna be a part of politics.


So with Mark Hal to be friends with Mark. Yeah, with Mark Halpin. So to be friends with him and work with him was amazing. It you two were a great combo and I can promise the audience you are not done with this amazing acting team. Yes, we're all world class actors now. From Maureen and Sarah to Link and Mark, I think we are all on board for a part two. The only question is who will we be targeting next? We're taking your submissions. You can email me Megan at Megan kelly.com. We'll be right back more with link right after this quick break as we go. Please subscribe. Now's a great time while we go to break and follow his show on podcast, YouTube and social media. The show is called Spot On with link.


Spot On with link. And we call it that for a very good reason.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for a good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


It's time to put America first When it comes to spectrum airwaves, dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep us spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged, domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Here with me today link Lauren, he is host of the new show on our MK Media network. Spot On with Link Lauren, you can go now and subscribe on any podcast wherever you get your podcast. It's available. And go to Spot On with link that's we'll take you to all of link's socials. It launches on Monday, but let's get him a good boost by subscribing now and then downloading on Monday. Okay, let's talk about the Pope for a minute because we've learned a lot about our newly elected pope since this time. Yesterday when the news broke, he was Cardinal Robert Francis Privo and now he's Pope Leo the 14th and he's from Chicago. He is born in Chicago, as I was calling him yesterday, online dub Hope, which is kind of fun from Chicago like dub bears.


And then he went, he was sent by Pope Francis over to Peru. I think it was Pope Francis and I, but the Pope at the time sent him over to Peru where he spent a long time and he actually became a dual citizen of America and Peru. And then he wasn't made a cardinal until 2023. But all he's then since then been the guy in charge of like finding new bishops and elevating priests up to the bishop position. So obviously he had some friends inside the Conclave and it worked for him yesterday. Now we had somebody from the Catholic channel join us and he was saying no one really, almost no one was predicting that this would be the guy.


And that really is true. And if you look back at the articles like leading up to this, he was not mentioned by virtually anybody except these two people. The first one that I wanna show you is the man who conducted the christening of all three of my children. Father Jonathan Morris, who later left the priesthood. And now instead of calling him fj, we have to call him F fj as in informer father Jonathan. But he says, my kids' christenings are still legit. It's, they still count. But here he was three days before the Conclave in Rome, We're talking about Paoli the next, the candidates to be the next pope.


And today I would like to talk to you about two American names who are actually in the mix, which has not really been the case in recent Conclaves. The first one, you might not know him, his name is Robert Prevost, P-R-E-V-O-S-T. He's an Augustinian priest. So he's part of a religious order who was called to by Pope Francis to Roman just 2023 to be a head of a very powerful department of the Vatican in charge of naming bishops or proposing to the pope names of bishops throughout the world. But he, he's really an enigma to many, not only cardinals but American cardinals.


That's because although he's from Chicago, 69 years old, he spent most of his life outside of the United States as a missionary and then as a missionary bishop in Peru, certainly he's in line with Pope Francis or these, Pope Francis was convinced of that because he called to him to take over a very important department, but he's also known as a pragmatist. Okay, one more credit where it's due. Pierce Morgan had Steve Bannon, Steve Bannon, he's predicted so much accurately on his show a week ago. And here's Steve Bannon. I do think one of the dark horses, and I think unfortunately he is one of the most progressive is is Cardinal Privos.


I don't think he's getting enough play. He's certainly on the short list is Privos is one of the ones closest to Francis ideologically. He's also had tremendous experience in Latin America. And so he's one of the ones on the, on the short list. Steve Bannon is the bomb. I mean it's one thing for FFJ to know it 'cause that's his business, you know, he still knows the church so well. But Steve Bannon, he's got his finger on the pulse anyway, what do you make of it? 'cause there's been a bunch of reporting about the the, this pope was, he voted in Republican primaries in Illinois and he is anti-trans of children and trans ideology. That seems clear from some of his tweets and remarks. He's of course against abortion. He doesn't believe in gay marriage.


These are not surprising things for the Catholic church. But, and he's Promi doesn't surprise me either, but he has had five tweets or retweets in the past couple of years critical of either JD Vance Trump or Trump's immigration policies in particular. So what do you make of it? Well I think he's allowed to retweet or tweet whatever he wants. You know, he's the pope he's gonna be living over there. He is not involved in our politics. I can't wait to see a meeting with President Trump, JD Vance and the new Pope Prevost Prevost. I'm sorry if I'm not pronouncing it correctly, just call him. But No, I saw this Leo. Yeah, Leo I, well I love Leo. I think it's a funny, and I loved FFJ, I thought he looked great too.


The green jacket, the full head of hair. It was like a RO game. He does look good, he looked great and he knew to do the angle up. You always gotta angle up never down. He looked great. So yeah, no I'm happy for new Pope Leo, but like I said, I don't think we should really be bothered by some tweets he did. I think though it does speak to someone's whole entire ethos though, if they are pro mass migration or if they're more staunch and tough on immigration, I think it does speak to a little bit of someone's character. But at the end of the day, the guy's from Chicago, a very blue city. So even if he's a Chicago Republican, he might not be where we are right now with the Trump administration. I think there's not gonna be a pope who's not pro mass migration. Right? That's right. It's Catholicism.


I mean that's, that's Catholicism. They're very promi, you know, watch the poor, the the feet of the poor and the hungry and the those who need us, right? And you know, we're a bunch of bleeding hearts at at you know, bottom unless if you're trans or gay, in which case, no sorry link. No they love gay. Well I was just, they love gays and lesbians. They just don't want 'em to get married. Well I was just speaking to the things I was seeing on X. I'm not saying that's how I personally feel. I'm just saying on X, the criticism seemed to be the retweets about immigration and Trump and JD Vance. But like I said, he's welcome to say whatever he wants. He's the pope, right? We're over here in the US doing our own thing. I don't understand why people are so upset about his retweets, if that makes sense. Yes. Well I, I think I can speak to this because as a Catholic in America, Pope Francis, God rest him was very progressive and like kind of turned the church in a progressive direction and did some battle with America and our president for a while.


And when it was Donald Trump, not, not when it really, when it was Joe, Joe Biden and we didn't much like that. So it's great to see an American pope and I actually am open-minded to this pope notwithstanding those tweets. I really think even a conservative leaning pope could have sent out those tweets because I'm sorry the Catholic church is very pro immigration. It's not my favorite thing but it's the truth, right? So I don't think we know enough about him yet to know what kind of pope he will be. Now here's something fun though. He's from Chicago, white, white Sox, not Cubs from what I read. And his brother John, he's got like a normal brother John, provost, provost living in Chicago still who gave a presser yesterday to everybody who was knocking down his door and listen to him talking about his brother Bob.


And you said you spoke to him Right before Conclave. Tell me what that conversation was like. Really first we do Wordle 'cause this is a regular thing. Okay then we, we do words with friends. It's something to keep his mind off life in the real world. And then we talk about what's going on and I said, well do you have your red socks that doesn't go over well all the time? And then just that kind of stuff. And I says, well are you ready for this? I said, did you watch the movie Conlay so you know how to behave? And he had just finished watching the movie Conlay so he knew how to behave. So it's that kinda stuff.


Amazing. He just finished watching the movie. I'm pretty sure this Pope is not intersex. So we've done better yes than that Hope ridiculous movie. But isn't that cool? It's like you never think of the pope, you know, it's just being like a regular guy. He, he grew up Bob and that's his brother John Having friends, family playing Wordle. I love, love it. And I love that the brother's out there doing interviews and pressors on the front lawn. It's very like Thomas Markle, Samantha Markle. It's like we're gonna go do press and interviews too. Like our man made it, you guys, our guy made it. We're gonna go do, I'd be making the rounds if I were him. Okay. So I don't blame him at all for being on the front lawn. Think of the money he could make with just like baby pictures of the Pope, you know? Exactly. Or like exactly the silly toddler videos that we all shoot now of our kids.


I wonder if he's got some of Bob Leo magazine calling. I don't know, maybe it's the fact that he's an American, you know? So all of these references are gonna be familiar to us. He's gonna have some of the same habits as we do. I don't know, it's just kind of cool to think about because he's, you know, we believe he gets elevated by the Holy Spirit and so Bob, the Wordle lover who watches the same TV shows we do is now Pope and leader of 1.4 billion Catholics across the globe. Very cool stuff. If Wordle were smart, the word of the day would be like Conclave or Pope or something. If Wordle were smart they would do that anyway. Is can it only be five letters? CONC. Oh is it only five? I don't play that. I never play Wordle either.


I know. Not with saying my, my kids play it. Okay. While we're on the sub subject of religion, did you watch the Met Gala at all on Monday? Megan? Do you think I watched the Met Gala? Absolutely. I it's required viewing. Okay. I thought I didn't know if you would watch. I thought maybe highlights so well I saw the highlights. You know Lisa? Lisa, yes. Who I only know this woman from White Lotus, but she also sings and is apparently very popular in the K-pop world. Decided to wear underwear to the Met Gala and to put Rosa Park's face on her underwear. It seems very clear. And then there was backlash because she's a civil rights icon and she's kind of one of the untouchables in American's, you know, history.


Like everybody's proud of Rosa Parks. Like it's just one of our icons who like had absolutely no power and did this extraordinary thing. And so the worst people I've ever said about Rosa Parks is it was orchestrated and it was planned. Who cares still. I mean amazing. She had no power. She's at the lowest end of the totem pole and the power structure. And she did this extraordinary thing on the bus, blah blah. She doesn't really belong on anybody's vagina. That's just like, it shouldn't be controversial. So, and it should be known K-pop or not. So now in the wake of the backlash, her rep has come out to say that's not Rosa Parks, that is the, this artist who came up with her, the, or the designer who came up with her outfit.


The designer's rep has come out to say this designer put his neighbor's face on Lisa's underwear. That's his neighbor link. It's not Rosa. Well now look, we've done an a, a scientific experiment. We have zoomed in, sorry folks. This is this very, very close up of Lisa's crotch and there is Rosa on screen, right? And I'm sorry but it's the same person. It's look where you can even see they did the part, the exact part in the exact part of the head as we see on Rosa. But they're denying it link because yeah, you know why?


Well maybe his neighbor was Rosa Parks. I have no clue. I mean when Rosa went from the back of the bus to the front, she didn't know she was gonna end up on this Asian lady snatch at the Met Gala. I mean how terrible is that? What the hell is going on on? And when it, when it comes to crisis management and pr, let me tell you, you are losing when you are explaining that it's not Rosa Parks on your vagina at the Met Gala, that is what you're losing. If you're explaining you are losing people, listen to me. Okay? It's a good point. Yeah. I don't believe the designer's rep one bit, I think it's Rosa Parks, the whole theme was Black Dandyism. And you know what you did Lisa?


Lisa? Yeah. Okay, well I don't think Lisa did. She probably just put it on and was like, I don't know. I mean I don't think Lisa even knew she would just put the outfit on. You don't think why would this K-pop lady know about Rosa Parks? Because the designer was like Lisa, guess who I put on your underwear? And I bet you she was too dumb to realize that might be controversial. That's my bet. Okay, sorry, speaking of the Met Gala, there is Fallout other Fallout rapper Doche. No idea. It was very clear. I don't follow music that closely 'cause I never heard of Lisa outside of White Lotus and it, okay, so, so now this is Doche, D-O-E-C-H-I-I-I, we know her on this show only as the weird lady who decided to put like a box around her as she walked from the hotel Mark the Mark Hotel out like their little mini red carpet to get into her van to be taken over to the Met Gala.


And she didn't wanna be seen and she didn't wanna be rained on and she turned into a massive bully screaming at her staff. I need an umbrella. Here it is. Watch. Oh no, no, yes, I'm ready. Gimme another umbrella. Now another one, another. I need another one. Another umbrella. Need a four fucking umbrella umbrella. Do not move Umbrella. I got it. Move the Umbrella. God, are you blocking?


Now I don't dunno what happened there at the end. DCI's an angry person. I think we can safely conclude that. And now she's trying to play it down like something like, you know, well when you need an umbrella you need like, I'm sorry but that that doesn't do anything to, to quell my reaction. And I think most people's reaction at what a bitch she was to her staff and it's like over an umbrella, right? Like it's not like oh my God, turns out I have an enormous hole in the back of my dress that shows my entire ass. Like I would yell like that, I would, but like you don't get me another umbrella right now.


Get me a fucking umbrella. This is not a nice person. I'll also say the unveiling of the Pope was less dramatic than that. Like who's in there? Who's gonna come out? And then no one knows who the F you are. You know what I'm saying? Like remember we used to have big stars, Madonna, Michael Jackson, yeah, all these huge stars. It's like who's in there big reveal? It's Don G. Who the fuck are you? Don't you? It's like why do you need all this? It was a couple of drops of rain. Walk out to the car and they're gonna take your picture 30 seconds later. I don't understand. They can't get your picture. You're at the market going to the Met Gala. These are self important. I think you called them as well.


Demonic celebrities. They want to TRAs up and down a staircase and $30,000 gowns and then they preach and proselytize to us how to live our lives. So Doci, yeah, this is not really anything to write home about. I don't, maybe the hair couldn't get Wet. She so scared. We might see for the listen audience it's weird little checkered shorts and a weird checkered top with like a a bow tie that's like the pussy bow that you know used to be in style a couple years ago. And that's it. I'm like, that's okay, great. I some sort of a cape as well. It's Toxic Cleopatra hair. I think that's maybe what couldn't get wet is the hair. I don't know. But we're giving her, I don't know like, well let's be honest, one umbrella will work over doci this the way it works over all of our hair.


You Don't like 20 umbrellas. What is that moving mob amoeba of people in? And by the way, half the stars came out of the mark and everybody posed and let the photogs have a shot the way you wanted them to. Like the right, everybody's PR agent would love to have a shot by the photogs here and at the Met Gala. You get both. It's not gonna be like, oh we blew it 'cause we already saw it at the mark. I mean she's just right. This woman's an idiot. So I love to see the fallout from the people over there because they're, they're bad people. Okay, there's more we've gotta get to my favorite story of the day, which is e Larry Baldwin e Larry Link.


She's got a new book out, okay? And she really, really wants us to get to know her better. It's called Manual Not Included. It came out this past Tuesday. The cover shows Alec Baldwin with tape over his mouth in a box surrounded by the kids. His daughter is holding the roll of tape and Aria is standing next to him in a humiliating pose. What, what is this? I don't know who that was, but in any event, that's not Alec. Okay? So she talks about, among other things, the beginning of their relationship. Let's take a listen to that sound bite. 'cause she also did the audio book For the first six weeks that we dated. Alec just wanted to talk.


He would shake my hand Hello and goodbye. Sometimes these early conversations were intense. It wasn't purely about physical attraction, it was true respect. No one had ever wanted to get to know me in quite that way before. What's not funny is the cruelty from the tabloid media and online trolls who tried to diminish me, labeling me as a gold digging younger woman, someone who doesn't deserve to be with him. I have given a lot of thought to why people want to label me as such. Here's my theory, please bear with me. If you are a successful gold digger, you have one kid spend a few years with your husband, then get outta the marriage and take all of his money.


We have seen it modeled. I can tell you that seven kids shouldn't be in the gold digging curriculum and I would probably receive like a solid D minus for this choice. Kids are expensive and a lot of hard work. Gold diggers want maximum money and minimal responsibility. Do you accept that definition? I mean I'm over here taking notes. Wait, how do I be a gold digger? Hold on. I don't think any of the Baldwin brothers are probably worth dating these days. First off, Manuel not included terrible name for a book. I don't know if that's what came with her vibrator and her nightstand manual not included, but I don't know why she needed that. Also she is kind of a gold digger. I mean she's also insane and has multiple personalities.


So for her to say she's not a gold digger, I mean maybe you would've just met Alec Baldwin and fallen in love if he wasn't famous and wealthy at the time. But I'm sure that was part of the calculus. And I respect these women a whole lot more if she would just admit it. You know, say, you know what it was Alec Baldwin. I was trying to be this yoga Pilates influencer. I also love and people go watch on YouTube if you're listening so you can see what we're talking about. He's smothered on the cover of the book. I think his mouth is taped and he's taped. Yeah, this is really, I think if they go to divorce court, he has so much lined up to just show that she's a psycho woman. Why is he taped and trapped in like bondage on the cover of the book with all these kids? And it's because she's trapped him in this apartment with a million kids, dogs, nannies, and a camera crew and she hates him.


So maybe this is his penance for shooting that woman on the set of that movie. God is like punishing him, but he looks crap. Yeah, The, these are link's opinions, but they're well founded in my opinion. I, I think All of that, all saying all this allegedly, yes, It's allegedly is it? No, it's no, it's our, it's your opinion based on the way she's behaved and, and I share your opinion, this is a very strange woman. And on the gold digging front, I think she's wrong first of all because yes, if she left after one kid, he'd have to pay her child support wouldn't necessarily keep her in the same style that she's become accustomed to as his full-time wife and the mother of seven kids. And secondly, I actually don't know that it was all money driven.


I'm pretty sure it was fame driven, right? Fame is a different form of gold and I think she was extremely attracted to that. And I think that's ongoing. You can't, as soon as you divorce Alec, the tabloids will follow you around for a year. Just see to see if you say anything about Alec. But they have no actual independent interest in Hilaria Baldwin, none. And she knows that she's only interesting because she's his wife. And let's face it, he's one of the biggest stars in America. He is by the way, my favorite Baldwin is now Billy Baldwin. Still like Steven, but it's Billy who came on the show last week on National Fentanyl Day. And unlike a lot of these other Hollywood stars, didn't turn up his nose at my audience. Even though it has many conservatives.


Just because they're conservatives. You know, like so many assholes who are trying to like pro promote some health initiative will skip conservative media. Like they want conservatives to die. They don't care if their kids get sick. It's messed up. So hats off to Steven or sorry Billy Baldwin for being here. Okay, so back to Hilaria. So I think she's a fame digger. It's a different kind of gold. That's my own personal belief on her. The best part of all this is she gets to the Spanish accent, the fake Spanish. As she grew up in a Tony Boston suburb. She, her name is Hilaria, it's not Aria as she wants us to believe. It's Hilaria and she's as white as they come. She's not Spanish.


And she was m mocked mercilessly a few years ago during Covid for this clip that was on the Today Show where she pretended to forget how to say in, in in English the word cucumber. She's American. She did not grow up in Spain. She's bilingual, but her native tongue is English. Remember this? We have very few ingredients. We have tomatoes, we have a, how do you say, cucumber, cucumbers. How do you say in English? How do you say in English? Okay, so now she's attempting to explain this problem as follows.


And then suddenly people were poking at me for how I sounded and how I code switched. It all got out of control. There was a coordinated mob after me. Another factor that made me very uncomfortable at the time is that I have a DHD and dyslexia. And these greatly impact my speech, my reading, my listening, my focus, my memory and my self-confidence. I have a brain that is one part English, one part Spanish, seven dollops of mom brain. A heavy pour of distraction when I get stuck or go off on tangents and forget what I'm saying while I'm saying it. At this point I had not discussed any of this publicly. I just existed in a land where sometimes I spoke one language and sometimes I spoke another and sometimes I mixed them and got mixed up.


And I never talked about my processing differences. I just tried to be normal. Growing up, being neurodivergent, I had to work harder in school than many of the people around me. I took speech therapy to enunciate better. The more I got treatment for the A DHD that I was trying to ignore. The better I got at separating the two languages and not getting distracted. I tried to improve myself in the ways the internet trolls had told me I was broken. And then I got to the point where I realized this is not helping me. I am mixed up, but I am not bad or broken. And then I returned, Oh my god, she's neurodivergent.


It's her A DH, that's H adhd. That made her not remember how to say cucumber in English. Link you buying it. Well, in college my advisor said I needed a minor. So I thought what's the easiest thing I can do? So I minored in psychology. So in none of my courses, not in the DSM manual or anything, none of my professors taught me that a side effect of a DH, ADHD and dyslexia is actually having fake accents and fake personalities. That was not ever in any of my curriculum. So Aria Hilaria, I don't know what is going on with her. She's kooky. They're just trying to make money because I think they're probably broke, right? She's doing a book, she's doing a reality show. And I know I just keep coming back to the cover of the book. You guys, you have to go Google it.


You've never seen a man more emasculated than he is on the cover of this book right now. I mean his mouth is taped, he's wrapped up. She looks like she is totally in control running that household. And for her to say she's not a gold digger 'cause she had what, 10,000 kids instead of one. Maybe she could have Ashley St. Clair over for a crash course because Ashley St. Clair certainly did not learn that lesson. She should have sat there, shut her mouth and pumped out those Tesla babies in that apartment. But she threw it all away for an interview and a photo shoot with John Levine at the New York Post. So I think Ashley St. Clair should skedaddle on over to a's apartment and get some notes from her. Here's the other thing she says in this same part of the book where she's talking about she's neurodivergent and that's why she forgets her English word for cucumber.


I mean, first of all, just for, not for nothing. But it's such an obvious lie because she, there are multiple examples of Aria talking in a fake Spanish accent. Like there she was in a fake Spanish accent and pretending to forget her English. But we've run these clips ad nauseum on the show of her like, let me tell you something, when this baby needs its mama. She's like, she's, she's, I think she's from western Massachusetts. She's from like it's, if it's not western, it's one identical. Which is literally one of the nicest suburbs in the world. She went to a private girl school. She has the parents have tons of money. She is as white as you or I are.


And she was Hilaria. She, she, now I'm back to aria. No you are not Aria. That too is an affectation. So she writes in this passage, okay, growing up being neurodivergent, you heard some of this there I had to work harder in school that many of the people around me. Now I know that it's ridiculous that anyone would feel outraged or amused because someone forgot a word she says. But back then, and I think she's referencing the 2020 controversy over a cucumber, I started to really unravel. Yeah, yeah, she was, I was confused. I felt lost. I missed my family, I couldn't eat. I got very thin. I started to question my sanity. Then she says I wanted to be dead and I got worse and worse and worse.


I took speech therapy to enunciate better. The more I got treatment for the A DHD that I was trying to ignore, the better I got at separating the two languages and not getting as distracted. I tried to improve myself in all the ways and that's when Hilaria returned to her the end of this. But like she appears to be suggesting that she wanted to kill herself over the cucumber controversy over the fact that she wanted to enunciate better. That's very strange because as I say, there is a string of tape of her continuing to pretend she's Spanish. And there's a tape of Alec Baldwin on one of the late night shows saying, my wife, she's from Spain.


And then he imitates her Spanish accent. You like these two have been lying about this weird fake origin story for years. I mean maybe she just forgot the word cucumber because she's not all that bright and all that smart, you know? Or maybe she's had a thousand kids. She bumped her head on the headboard too many times and she's concussed. I don't know why she forgot the word cucumber. But nonetheless, aria Baldwin, she's just such a spiritual smart woman. Maybe she can broker the Maha peace deal in this Maha civil war right now she's just such mother of the earth. But no, I have no respect for Aria Baldwin. I think she's crazy. It's really sad too because I, Alec Baldwin was this like handsome masculine, like one of the last like masculine give zero Fs kind of guys like punching paparazzi.


I watched it's complicated on a plane a few weeks ago. Alec Baldwin is so my type. But when you see him like this emasculated and degraded, it's a no, it's a no. I know, I agree. He could have a comeback. You know, he needs to lose 30 pounds and shave if he got His eyes done and shaved, oh come back. Come back. Yeah. Seriously. And like me and a divorce, obviously, yes. Here she speaks to what happened with the death of Helena Hutchins, the cinematographer who Alec killed on set of the rust movie in a mistake where he says he didn't fire the gun. But the experts all say that gun wouldn't have fired if he hadn't pulled the trigger. But he wasn't trying to kill her. There's no dispute. No, it was a terrible tragedy and accident on on Bo, on the set.


In any event, she died. And listen to this weird take on the aftermath of that. Listen, see if it jumps out at you as it did to us. It's slot 25. Have you ever ignored a call coming in from your husband? I did. On October 21st, 2021. Actually it was two calls at that time. Mary Lou was my youngest and I was taking photos of her. The phone rang and I ignored it. I'm doing something right now. I thought then Alec called again, which he often would do when he had a break from filming. We had already spoken multiple times that day and I was planning to send him the pictures right after and make a joke about how he was interrupting our photo session.


He then texted me to call him right away and all of a sudden my heart and my stomach smashed together. Something must have happened. The realization that he wasn't ever going to be the same started to sink in for the immediate future from now on. I would need to take on the role of his protector. I could have left Alec, I could have taken our kids with me and abandoned him, but I didn't. I stood by him because it was the right thing to do. I saw and know the truth. What At, at his lowest moment she's going, I could have taken the kids and abandoned him. Well why is that step one that you're jumping to that doesn't even make sense.


And I know that the publisher is like part of the deal. You have to write about the Hele Hutchins situation. How could they not? But at the same time, can this woman's family have some peace? So we understand in no world did Alec Baldwin meet mean to shoot this woman, right? This is a New York guy. Probably doesn't know his way around guns all that well. So we didn't mean to shoot her. But can her family just have some peace? Do you have to now do this for press to sell the book Hilaria? Yeah, I that that's the thing. Who says, you know, yes, he came under, you know, all this public scrutiny. It was a media firestorm. I could have left him. I could have taken the children and walked. What? As if that's like the one of the top options. Like when your spouse is in trouble, you're like, I could just peace out.


Fuck him. I really, this is his problem, not mine. Really? Who even thinks like that? You know, like this is like Doug writing a book about our life together and then he gets to the chapter about NBC when I was all over the papers and saying terrible things about me and like him being like I, I could have left her right then I could have taken our kids and walked Who? What? Wait a minute honey. Well huh. This tells me that she probably met with lawyers and crisis management people at the time and was probably being advised from a PR standpoint. You could leave do your own thing, you go solo, get a people magazine cover, you've left him behind. That's all drama. It makes me think there was prob, there are probably a council of advisors in her ear giving her that as an option.


The fact that she's even thinking about it. 'cause I've been in the same relationship now for three years. I couldn't imagine if he's at his lowest or I'm at my lowest saying, peace out. I'm taking the, I'm leaving. We don't have kids, but I'm leaving and moving the hell outta here. That would never happen. That's just so bizarre. No, if you're actually in a genuine, if you're in a genuine relationship, not a fame relationship. That's not even a thought. It's very weird to me. Correct. And, and that it goes back to my original theory. 'cause if she's in, she's like a fame digger. It's crossed over to infamy for Alec Baldwin. So I might be out like the one thing right I was in it for has waned and actually gone a different direction, which doesn't work for me. So I, you know, under the implicit terms of our relationship, which is like I'm young and vibrant and probably a nice partner in certain ways, and you are supposed to be the one who is famous and gets us a lot of positive attention and you've broken your end of the bargain, which is why I can leave our, our contract's been violated.


This is a, a breach by you, which releases me from all F for further obligations. That's really what I hear her saying there. Here she is on their can reality show. I say thing real quick. Yeah, yeah. About Aria. I think she would have trouble finding another man, number one with all the baggage from Alec. But I don't know a lot of single guys who want to date a woman with eight children. You know what I'm saying? Oh my God. Like this woman who's been through the press and she's dragging eight babies around that are like six months apart. I don't think she's gonna have an easy time. She might as well just stay with Alec. Honestly, She doesn't need a new husband if she really is just in it for the money. Because listen to what she said on their reality show, SAT 26 After my first marriage.


I said, let's have a prenup. I want think about. She wasn't about it. No, no. First of all, I, it's an awkward thing. Understand quite what A, it's awkward, but I don't actually quite understand what a prenup is because you're like, after a certain number of kids, it's this and after. And I was like, you know what, I'll just sign it. Which was probably very stupid of me back then. Now it would read it again. But like I just said, I would sign it. I don't really wanna think about the end by the beginning. And then you're like, yeah, I don't run. Do it. Let's talk slower, let's talk slower. You're speaking English in a Spanish cadence, which is always perilous for me. Slow down just to kiss. I can't understand you. The these two don't like each other. And it seemed to be at the end he released her from signing it. I, that's what I think I heard there. But in any event, I think she'll be okay at this point.


Yeah, if my boyfriend's downstairs, I'm not signing a free-up either. Yeah. For Aria, you know, absolutely. This accent is bizarre. They hate each other. Aria reminds me of my friends when we go out for Mexican food at like I can or ilk can or something in New York, they'll have a few margaritas and suddenly they have like margarita induced Spanish accent. They're like, margarita, yes. Cilantro enchilada. You know, it's like girls out for a bachelorette party having some Mars. That's Aria. I think she kind of has a Spanish accent. Accent that comes in when she's drinking or I don't know, she's in this mood. But I also think one thing we don't talk about enough, 10% of the population is nuts. 10% of the population has some major psychological issue.


It's true. So she has fake accents, fake names, fake personalities. She's a baby making machine. She could just be nuts. She, I just wanna close the segment and go to break with this. This is, you know, it wasn't just cucumber. How you say cucumber in English, cucumber. Here's just yet another of her. You tell me whether this sounds like a girl from the suburbs of Boston. I want you guys to realize that we have seven kids and We have seven kids Here to escort them to school and to be there when they come home is not good to School's, Not good. So on a human level, you guys know I'm not gonna say anything to you. You know that, You know.


So please leave my family in peace and let this all play out. Okay? So let my kids come home and you stay away from them because they ask me, mommy, Mommy, what? Like, What are these people doing? And it's a very hard thing as a mom to try to explain. So please go home because I'm not gonna say anything and Alex is not gonna say anything. Go home. I'm not gonna say anything. And Alex not going to say anything and don't bother my family, my baby. They ask me, mommy, what the who does she think She's kidding. That's not Neurodivergence. And you know what? No Screw you ELAR for trying to piggyback on people who actually do have Neurodivergence and a DH ADHD and blaming your weird fake co blame as a Spaniard on them.


No, absolutely have tons of friends who are dyslexic who have a DHD. None of them have fake accents. So I'm just racking my brain to think maybe she's a little off base here. She also said she's taking her kids to school with that many kids in New York. Just open your own school. You've got 10,000 children. And she reminds me of this French guy I dated back in 2021. We'd be at dinner and he'd be like, can I get to, how do you say Diet Coke? And I'm like, you just said it. You don't need to say, how do you say? It's like, can I get the, how do you say taxi cab? And I'm like, you just said taxi cab, you idiot. So that's Aria. She's like, how do you say cucumber? I'm like, you know the word sweetheart. Anyway, I Yeah. Cute fool. No one, this is why it didn't work out between the two of you. It sounds like you upgraded too. Alright, I can't stand French.


Stand a quick break more with Link. Lauren coming up as we go to break, go ahead and now's a good, good time to go. Subscribe to Spot On with Link Lauren. It launches on Monday. It'll be available on all platforms for podcasts, and you can check out Spot On with Link for all of his socials, YouTube, et cetera. Go ahead and subscribe and follow.


Now this July, there is a global summit of Brix nations in Rio de Janeiro. The block of emerging superpowers, including China, Russia, India, and Iran are meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the real reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans. Some worry, global demand for US dollars will decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings. While this transition won't happen overnight, the real reset could mark a pivotal moment. So learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit on Gold by texting MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an a plus rating with a better business bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July. And the real reset Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8.


Today, more and more Americans are making their health and fitness a priority again. And studies show that strength training does more to burn fat than cardio alone. Plus, as we age, it's critical to maintain muscle mass and bone density. Jacked Up Fitness is dedicated to helping individuals achieve their health and fitness goals with innovative, high quality home gym systems. Their commercial grade jacked up Power Rack Pro is the ultimate all-in-one home gym system that lets you get a full body workout right in your own spare room or garage. Basically everything you used to do at the gym you can now do at home. And if you are new to strength training, their Get Jacked Up program has full body video workouts led by celebrity fitness trainers. You simply press play and follow along. No more excuses. Go to get jacked up.com to sign up for this free program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro, use promo code MK to save 10% at checkout. That's get jacked up.com.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with a new someone or simply dis strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash a look of bold 14 Kara Gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free. Offer details apply


This just in this, just in my daughter was a cow at the talent show. It was a cow, a costume. Now I'm glad that's been clarified. She and her friend were prancing around with the cow outfits, with the enormous pillows in their, in the front of the outfits to be their big cow bellies. Nailed it. Okay, someone who's also acting as a founder inspired this scene from the With with Love Megan, M-E-G-Y-N. Maureen and I, before we did Blonde Origin Link, we did an acting gig without you and our debut, our debut movie was us mocking Her, and here's a clip from that special production.


Where are you getting all these like mini brainstorms? What's, I'm so impressed by this. I mean, you, you Have to be a founder to really, I guess, understand it fully, but maybe in the next wave of our friendship, I'll try to explain it to you. Hold that tight, please. Oh, okay. Okay. Now this of course didn't come out of the ether. I wanna play for you the latest bit from her podcast, which is called Confessions of a Female Founder. Here she is. When I think about big milestones for my own business with as ever, I mean Netflix coming on is my business partner huge. Just having a global powerhouse that believed in me and the site selling out in the first 45 minutes of launch everything, every single piece that we had been working on that told me that customers, people believed in me in this vision.


That's all you really want as a founder. I can't, I can't. You two are a founder now, founder of the Spotlight Podcast with Link. Lauren, welcome to the club. It's very Exclusive. She sounded me. Thank you. Yeah, she sounded like me at the top of the show. Thank you, Megan. Thank you so much. But yeah, no, with Meghan Markle, the only thing she found was a rich, famous husband. If that's what constitutes being a founder, then sure. Meghan Markle, a founder. She found a mansion in Montecito to live in. She found a sit down interview with Oprah to bash and shank her in-laws and accuse them of racism. But founding, putting your name on some cheap jellies, jams and dog biscuits, I don't know, sounds like a fall from Grace for me.


If I were Meghan Markle, here's what I would do. Not that I'm taking gold digging advice from Aria. I would've stayed over in the UK eating crumpets and scones. I would've pumped out a few more royal babies and then the queen would've passed on to greener pastures. Philip would've passed on and then they could have stepped back from the royal family. But now you're living in California like a wannabe Kardashian, hawking jellies, jams and dog biscuits. Good for you girl. Good for you, Megan. Good for you. And I love how she's like, we sold out in 45 minutes. Meanwhile, not, not said is, what was the inventory like? Honestly, that's what I was like for only know she had 20 jars of jam and 20 of her weird popcorn things like I I have no idea. Yeah, it's not necessarily a sign of success that you sold out in 45 minutes.


I don't, I have no idea what your inventory was. Maureen actually bought one of the jams just for research, and it was in the most shoddy, pathetic little cardboard. It was truly something you'd find at like your kids like, you know, bake, sale, whatever. They put something together just to try to hawk goods and, and raise money for a worthy cause. It was like this cardboard cheap as ever stencil thing. It wasn't good. So, and anyway, there she's being self-promotional. And then Dan, what, when he was on the other day, he came out, he told us this, that one of her guests, another founder, 'cause he, she just keeps on having on people who she's invested in and that so they can tell everybody how great she is. She decides to take a shot at her for wearing Birkenstocks when she first met the Duchess link, which you're, you don't do watch this.


And I just remember you kept shifting your feet in and out of your Birkenstocks and I thought, oh my gosh, is this my first investment? By the way, I wear Burkes at home. I think it's a really smart choice. There was no shame in your game. I I was just struck by the fact that you were so comfortable. Mm. Oh my god. That's, I don't believe one word. Yeah. She's definitely insulting her. Let say Meghan Markle is not in any position to give fashion advice. Every time she leaves the house, she looks like crap. Everything is misshapen. She doesn't have a steamer, she doesn't have an iron. She's basically miss wrinkled pants. And then when she was in New York recently for that Time Magazine event, she had these pants that were like a burlap potato sack.


They were so flowy. If you jumped out of a plane, you would land safely on the ground. Meghan Markle looks terrible half the time. Nothing fits her. She's got these scrawny little legs and she wears billowing linen pants. Nothing fits her. So she's in the last position to give fashion advice whatsoever. Katherine, princess Katherine looks impeccable because guess what? She actually has a steamer and a tailor. I guess Megan got a hundred million from Netflix. Couldn't afford a steamer. Yeah. And or just a stylist. That's all it would really take. Take, yes. Okay. We've gotta move on because we've gotta get to what's happening with Bill Belichick. There is a reporter who is claiming his name is Pablo Tore. He used to be at ESPN, who is claiming that the girl, the girlfriend, Jordan Hudson is no longer allowed in the UNC football building.


In the wake of all this controversy over whether she's like elder abusing him, listen to his report. Two sources at the University of North Carolina. Tell me that there has been a decision was made last week by the higher ups inside the athletic department that had hired Bill Belichick to be the highest paid public employee, not just coach in the state of North Carolina at $10 million a year. And that decision was that Jordan Hudson is no longer allowed in the football building. Okay. She's not allowed on the football field quote. Don't think you'll be hearing much from Jordan moving forward. Okay. But then UNC came out following his report and issued the following statement. While Jordan Hudson is not an employee here, she's welcome to the Carolina football facilities.


The school said in a statement, Jordan will continue to manage all activities related to Coach Belichick's personal brand outside of his re responsibilities for Carolina football and the university. So they say she's welcome. Then Pablo fires back saying, standby. The University of North Carolina can choose to describe or change its position on Jordan Hudson's involvement. However it wishes following the publication of our episode, 'cause it was on his podcast, he said it, we requested comment and filed dozens of FOIA requests that were not satisfied. And we stand by the specific reporting in our episode, which came from the highest levels of the football program. So the drama continues.


Link. Lauren, what do you make of it and why? Say you are you on Team Jordan? Well, first off, I don't think she needs to come with him everywhere. This isn't bring your child to workday. You know what I'm saying? Yes. So I understand she doesn't need to be at practice. She doesn't need to be in the stadium or anything like that. She can stay at home, but also can't a girl just become rich and famous anymore? Do we have to drag Jordan or Jordan, however the hell, she spells it through the mud all the time. Do people think she's dating Bill Belichick because he's this like hot sexy guy who's great in bed? No, that's not what she's with him. I mean, his prowess was too much for her to fend off. No, we all know why she's with him. And the one thing I'll say is men do not seed land or surrender unless they want to, right?


There are tons of older guys who let women come in and manage their house. You know, some of these older guys, they barely have anything in their fridge. Their wardrobe's outdated. They don't have a huge social life. So he's allowed her to come in. One piece of advice for Jordan Hudson, I would give, she also should hire a stylist like Meghan Markle because she looks like a disaster every time she leaves the house. And Jordan, I'm saying this as someone who's on your team, sweetheart. The outfits, the oversized t-shirt with the thigh high heels. Like if you're gonna have that role, you need to dress for the role, you want dress for the job you want Jordan Hudson. Hmm. Okay. Well, I, I see your point. It, it may be the, you know, the bargain they struck and why are we immediately on his side? You know, she, it does look to me slightly like elder abuse. So I do have those questions, but if he's of sound mine, it's his choice.


I still find her obnoxious though. Okay. Well, Michelle Obama, can I ask real? Yeah. Can I say one thing real quick? I was, I understand people say there might be some undue influence here. We talked about that also, there might be some undue influence if he is having cognitive issues. So if that's the case, I will eat crow down the line, I promise. But I don't know if he is. I mean, just looks like that from afar. I don't know. Bill Belichick. Okay. Michelle Obama. Listen to this. And at this phase of my life, I'm, I'm in therapy right now because I'm transitioning. You know, I am 60 years old. I've finished unbelievable, a really hard thing in my life with my family intact. I'm an empty nester. My girls are in, you know, they, they've been launched and now for the first time, as I've said before, every choice that I'm making is completely mine.


I now don't have the excuse of, well, my kids need this or my husband needs that, or the country needs that. So how do I think about this next phase? Once again speaking a reference to her f time as First Lady negatively. And I'm transitioning. I mean an interesting choice of words given how the internet refers to her. Well, the last time a famous person sat down in an interview and said, I'm transitioning. It was Bruce Jenner. So I did get nervous for a second. I see Michelle Obama, she says, I'm transitioning also. All the moms out there drop a comment. When I went off to college, my mom said, I'm gonna be so sad, I'm gonna walk around the house crying. She did not do any of that. I think she was happy to have her life back.


So Michelle Obama, maybe you do need therapy. I'm also sick of Michelle Obama, who's probably worth hundreds of millions of dollars. She has a mansion in Martha's Vineyard. I'm tired of her complaining that her life is so terrible. If she's sad, if she's depressed, everybody else has real issues. They're going to work. They might be sad and depressed taking care of the sick relative. Yeah. They don't need the former first lady who got to fly around on our dime for eight years complaining that her life is so terrible. I'm sick of it. Tell it to your friend Oprah Link. Lauren, very excited for Monday. Everybody's gotta check out his first episode of Spot On with Link. Lauren, a pleasure my friend. Have a great weekend. Thank You so much, Megan. Thank you. Ah, and all of you enjoy your weekend too. See you Monday.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves, dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with a new someone or simply dis strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash a look of bold 14 Kara gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.