
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, And happy Monday and happy birthday Yardley. My daughter turns 14 today. All you moms and dads out there know it seems like yesterday. You know, so, so crazy how in a blink of an eye, 14 years go by and soon it'll be 18. And then they tell me she might leave me though I'm in denial about that fact for my daughter and my two sons. Anyway, happy birthday sweetheart. It was a very busy weekend.


President Donald Trump was getting standing ovations at the UFC event on Saturday, mingling with Shaq. That was quite a sight. Joe Rogan and more Bernie Sanders and a OC. They were back out on their fighting the oligarchy tour. You know, the one that she's been flying first class to and from, You know, oligarchy for me, but not for the, is really what she's saying. And then this morning, a bunch of ladies celebrated female empowerment by putting on sexy, fake astronaut suits and going up into sort of outer space for 11 minutes through all of the engineering and mathematical wizardry and physics wizardry of a bunch of people who didn't get any credit.


And were behind some control room panel. I guess a, we're supposed to believe that like Gale King is an astronaut. Now we're supposed to be celebrating them somehow. It's supposed to be empowering because not enough women have gone up into space. What we mean is not enough are astronaut astronauts. Not enough women are astronauts. That's what we mean. We don't mean, please put Gail King in yet another opportunity for her to try to act like a star while she's next to Oprah, who also was there. Of course, she didn't get to go go up, but she stood there on the sidelines. I don't, I don't feel empowered. This is like another, it's, it's female White House Press Corps Day at the White House.


Remember I told you this during Obama, they were like, it's it's female empowerment day or whatever. And they, and they invited a bunch of women, including yours truly, and some people from Fox to go over there and interview the president. And I was like, no, it's a no. You can, I'll go over when I'm getting asked there, because I am worthy as a journalist, period, not journalist with a vagina. Okay? I don't really wanna be celebrated for that at all by anyone who doesn't know me. And it, I just feel uncomfortable about this. Like, why? If they had been six astronauts going up there, then yes. Okay, what did they do? The one gal is engaged to a billionaire, and these are a bunch of celebrities she wanted to befriend, okay?


Of course, Lauren Shanz has whatever her name had to show off her tits, okay? It's a little early in the hour to be dropping the T word her breasts in her little fake astronaut outfit because You know, what's a day if we don't get to see the girls on Lauren Sanchez, it's not as offensive as showing them at the presidential inauguration, But I think it's a little off message, isn't it? A little off message. We're gonna get into all the big stories today. Joining me now for the full show, Matt Taibbi, editor of Racket News on Substack and Walter Kern. He's editor at large for County Highway, which I like County Highway. Together, they host the America This Week podcast.


You've heard about tariffs recently plus inflation. Supply chain disruptions. It's a lot, but there is a silver lining that most people missed. President Trump specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from the tariff talk. The administration preserved the ability to diversify into precious metals. If you are concerned about your savings, consider a free consultation with a Birch Gold precious metals specialist. The first step is to Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive your free, no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold and silver in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. Consider texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit right now.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Thanks John, having us on. Great to be here. I mean, nothing says female empowerment, like getting this opportunity to go to outer space and making sure everyone can see your breasts. I think it's, it's important as they beam this woman into outer space that we answer the question, but what do her breasts look like? Am I wrong, Lifted? I hear there's no gravity in space. Spa space is the cosmic bra that Katy Perry needs to be further empowered. Bothers me. She's already got about a billion dollars. And You know, short of Taylor Swift is the most famous pop star and female pop star in the world that she needs empowerment.


Says something sad about women because it means that even with a billion dollars, they still need a boost from the space program or, or Jeff Bezos's private space program. But they were all oligarchs, let's remember they were oligarchs and space and so they're trying to have their cake and eat it too. On, on, on the left. I guess if that's, that's Exactly right. If that's the Left Katie Perry was quoted as saying, we're putting the ass in astronauts. Okay. Alright. You go girl. This is, so, This is why she needs empowering because she keeps revealing her stupidity like that and we have to boost her back up. Yes. It's so cringey.


I'm sorry, but I'm like, I why are you, don't show your boobs, don't talk about your ass, don't get your specially made space suit so that we can make sure to see all your curves as you go to outer space. Is that what it is to be a woman? Just show off as much sex, appeal ass and boob as you can. I don't, Matt, I I'm not sure I didn't catch that page in the female handbook. Yeah, I'm a little bit confused about the political meaning of toplessness now. You know, we, we saw, there was that demonstration in Paris where all of all of the demonstrators were topless and I, I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to look, not, look, look furtively.


Right? Also, look furtively what exactly the meaning of that was supposed to be? Was it supposed to be erotic eroticizing? I, yeah, it's, it's a very strange message now. It, it's, I I think it's supposed to be something about empowerment, but it comes across as mostly confusing to me. I know. So I, I don't know. I I, You know, they dropped the movie Hidden Figures years ago. Right? And that, that's a great movie about women who are behind the scenes. I don't know how true it's, but it's a great movie and it's women who are behind the scenes at NASA and contributed to the space program. Okay. That I get. What did these women do? Like honestly, one is sleeping with a billionaire who created this program and is jetting people.


I mean, to outer space for like 10 minutes, You know, for as long as like your average YouTube video takes. And they came back and they're like, everything's changed. Is it? I don. Okay. They had nothing to do with any of the engineering. There's basically, they're just looking for famous faces who could draw attention to Jeff Bezos's weird little rocket. His first little rocket looks exactly like a penis. Exactly. The guy's working something out. I think he's like working out his sexual fantasies on us. And this one looks exactly like a breast with the nipple on the top. Look at this one. I'm sorry gentlemen. You know exactly what that looks like. Everyone does. And now look at this one.


It's like a, I guess you could say igloo if you wanted to be charitable. To me it looks like a breast above, from above. It really looks like a breast with a net. Both Walter, it's a Little, it's a little glance like It's alike. This, I was in terror. I, I was in terror that we were gonna have another space shuttle disaster and that we were gonna have to mourn these people for maybe the next 700 years. They did add to the space program something that it hasn't had, which is the red carpet and the sort of fashion critique at the beginning. So it was a combination of the MTV music awards, the Oscars, You know, and the Apollo program. I, I I thought it was condescending.


I I think that's what you're getting at. It was, it was, it was belittling to women and, and they belittled women with their behavior and their, I don't know, antics I would call them. I, I, Ridiculous thing is I was ridiculous under the impression that, that most a astronauts were basically mostly women or at least half women. Now I, I, I didn't un they Probably are. Yeah. I I didn't, there was nothing. Was that part of their critique that there aren't enough? Yes, Yes. Really? Because it seems like there are quite a lot of female astronauts. I know Lauren Sanchez is saying like, I don't know, they're crossing some new frontier for women here.


She was in her post flight interview. Let's hear how she enjoyed it. Earth looked so, it was so quiet. It was just quiet. And is it what you expected? No. No. Better? Yeah. I I don't think you can describe it 'cause You know what I'm saying, it was like quiet, but then also lot. That's 'cause you were inside His face capsule And you look at it and you're like, we're all in this together seeing Jeff. Oh God. Before I left, But I just went Yeah. Like, yeah. You know? Yeah. So I had to come back.


I mean, we're getting married. If I didn't come back, that would be, that would be, that would be a bummer for me. Only you, by the way would say this to me. You said Jeff, if he, if you don't wanna marry me, you don't have to Send me to, don't have to send me to space. I, I'm sorry. We're watching this woman. She was a news anchor like 10 years ago. Then she married the head of CAA and then she reportedly cheated on him with Jeff Bezos and moved on to Jeff Bezos. And now we're supposed to celebrate her crossing new barriers for women, meaning blinking a billionaire and getting a free ticket to space for 11 minutes. It was flat, but quiet like these prefunded, he, Walter, I hold a buckle up.


You know, I, I actually met a female astronaut once who was on the space shuttle and had quite an interesting conversation with her and, and real astronauts, extremely intelligent scientists who've been tested to the limits of their physical and mental fitness. But this was really not women in space. It was stupid people in space. These w this was the lowest IQ space crew that has ever been launched from earth. And she didn't even have the wit to have some writer give her lines for when she got back. She tried to make them up. It was so quiet. Yeah, you were in a soundproof space capsule lady. Yeah, it was, it was a little far out space. Nuts. A A little bit, little space nuts.


Yes. You remember that show? Oh, wait, wait. On that front, can you just watch here, here are the women dramatically exiting the nipple shaped space capsule. Watch, there's the billionaire. See honey, see what I got you for Christmas? She hasn't been away that long, dude. It was 10 minutes. I know. Literally I went to go there. Okay. They're treating her like she was in Nam. Where are my babies? My babies. Like, she, she was almost dead. Here's Katy Perry kisses the ground. Right, right. You were in such danger, Gail King thanking God.


And by that I mean Oprah without whom she'd have no career. The ground. She too, okay. Kisses the ground. Somebody already, you should be kissing Oprah, Oprah's there, kiss Oprah. That's, she's worth far more to you than, than the ground. Thank you, Jesus. She's, I mean, truly. It's like they're right back from Nam, I think. What did they do? They got in their special Oscar de renta designed suits, laid down in a capsule and came back in 10 minutes. You guys, That was one small step for womankind. One giant leap backwards for mankind as far as I can see, Or one giant step forward for reality shows.


Yeah, that's true. It was a reality. It could be, it could be a great concept like, You know, dumb celebrities in space. I, I would watch that. Why didn't they Red helmet? Wasn't there at least a little part of you that was hoping they'd get untethered? You know, they could just, like, I didn't want them to like die, but maybe just be out there for a while so we can have a break from all this nonsense. Especially from Lauren Sanchez. I, it's like, why are we pretending she's done anything? She, she is with Jeff Bezos. That's literally why we know her name. And again, it was all over the tabloids. Like they got together through an extramarital. All right, fine, people fall outta love, but like, why are we celebrating this? Like, oh, the love affair. They're gonna have this b bazillion dollar wedding ceremony and you can tell exactly who they're trying to like cozy up to.


They were either on the nipple shaped space capsule or they run cover for them in the press. But it's because we have this obsession with money, right? With like what looks like achievement. And Jeff Bezos is obviously very, very accomplished, but to me it's like, I don't know, Matt, you and I have talked about this before, like as a journalist, the more people fawn over somebody like Bezos and this, the more I I want to run the other direction, right? It's like my reportal instincts are it ew I their forming clubs again, and I don't wanna be a member of any of them. Yeah. The more supplicating that goes on, the more un uncomfortable you usually get.


And, and there was a lot of that in this one. I, I, I guess they, they did prove that Botox survive reentry into the atmosphere. It's good to Know though. Oh, I thought you said rear entry, which has already been proven. Okay. But They are asked for that. So It's 13 minutes after what's happening, Walter, you've lost control of this show. Yeah, I have. Why don't they send somebody into space who can actually come back and describe it? Well, You know, not just a journalist but a poet or something. I mean, they went to space and we have no idea what it was like except that it was very quiet. It was quiet, it was like big and stuff. Maybe Carrie Perry, Katie will write a song about it, You know, but I, yeah, I, that was a null, that was a publicity stunt that probably cost more money than any in history.


The Elon Envy from Jeff Bezos is just absolutely, You know, conspicuous Elon will get supermodels and a poet or something interesting for a crew. This was terrible. Here is my team just sent me the side by side 2021 Blue Origin versus now, which I think was the first flight. There's, there's Bezos and the cowboy hat and three others. And now here's the ladies of the new Blue origin on the right with their sexy, like, it looks like something that, remember that original Jennifer Garner movie that made her a star, where she was like the spy climbing over like the lights, the beams of light.


And so looks like something our spies might need to wear. And really it's just Lauren San Sanchez gave this long interview about why they wore this tight outfit over here on the right. Here it is. In in saw 31. Watch us. Where's Carrie Ann? This is from her Instagram. She's bowing. Well, they're comfortable. Okay. That's for sure. They're comfortable again. She went to Oscar Dee's people and she rejected, just so You know. I know Matt, you were wondering. She rejected pockets on the hips because they didn't wanna look too, too hippie.


And, and then they had zippers put on the bottom of the pants so that she could go flare or not depending on each woman's preference. And from all for all that, what did we get? We, yeah, we got, it was like quiet but also alive. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't think you can describe it because like, You know what I'm saying, like quiet, but then also really like alive and then to take away. We're all in this together. No, we aren't. I didn't get to go. You didn't get to go. Matt didn't get to go.


99 and 99% of the people who ever lived didn't get to go. They chose these airheads, bring it, send a kid into space like an 8-year-old kid who will actually be thrilled and impressed and come back and tell us something. This, this, this girl is so, this Sanchez is so spoiled that even going into space didn't impress her. You know? Oh, Oh God. Very, very little will. And when you're married to Jeff Bezos and you could literally afford to buy it and sell everyone in America's family, But I suppose we're, we're supposed to celebrate her. That's what we're supposed to do. We're supposed to celebrate her because accomplishment. She bagged the billionaire after banging the billionaire after allegedly cheating, at least according to what I read in the National Enquirer.


But there was a whole lawsuit about it where she accused, they said maybe her brother had sold pictures of text messages between the two of them. Then he claimed he'd been like falsely attacked by, can't remember who he blamed it on a foreign government. Anyway, it was a big scandal. Enough of them. Now in other news about deplorable people, some absolute lunatic firebombed, the Pennsylvania Governors mansion where Josh Shapiro and his wife and their children were sleeping. This guy goes in there at two in the morning. I have to say it wasn't exactly exactly like a Jack Bauer entry.


Seems like no one really tried to stop him. I don't know what the story is on the governor's security, But I am underwhelmed that he managed to break the window, get into the governor's mansion, and start dropping Molotov cocktails. And then apparently it took them a while to actually track him down. That's a separate matter. Look at the devastation inside the mansion. You could hear Governor Shapiro came out after the fact and you could tell he he was somewhat rattled. Here he is sought 21. Last night we experienced an attack, not just on our family, but on the entire commonwealth of Pennsylvania here at the governor's residence.


I spoke a couple hours ago with Director Cash Patel of the FBI. He promised all of the resources of the federal government. He was extremely kind and courteous and thoughtful in his conversation with me. And I thanked him and the women and men of the FBI and the president of the United States for their support. Lori and I are, Lori and I are overwhelmed by the prayers and the messages of support that we've received from all across Pennsylvania and all across the United States.


Wow. Well, I, I feel for him. He's got four young kids. I mean, they, they came pretty close to being killed this, this evening. It, And it was by some 38-year-old guy, reportedly, Cody Bomber is his name. He's now charged with attempted murder, terrorism, aggravated arson. Look at this. This is reminding me of like the Notre Dame Cathedral shots we saw after it burned aggravated arson. He may also face federal charges still. This man bomber is a father of at least five four sons and a daughter. According to a 2020 Facebook post unconfirmed information on bombers.


Someone found an old Facebook post from him, purportedly from him. These things come out in the days after, and then they sometimes turn out not to be true as a, as an asterisk here, but his Facebook post we believe says he's a registered socialist. Voting records shows non-partisan unaffiliated voter social media post show. He supported Black Lives Matter, universal Healthcare as a right criticized MAGA supporters, Christians. And the Second Amendment was also Antibi had a post that read, knowing is half the battle, the other half is extreme violence. Shared posts supporting mask mandates during covid rant slamming, toxic femininity complained about gas prices supported Kanye Press, Kanye West's Presidential Run, et cetera.


I mean, it sounds like this guy started deteriorating. And then the New York Post reports that his Harrisburg Pennsylvania property was subject to a foreclosure. And he was facing that the sale was about to go ahead and had obvious serious resentments for Governor Josh Shapiro, a democrat and his wife Lori, and their four children, two dogs, and another family who lived there. No injuries, I should have mentioned that up higher. One last thing, he was, he acted quickly. He got into the home. He was there for less than a minute, and the break in and setting of the fire happened while the troopers were looking for him. The officials believe he did have a plan, noting how quickly he was in and outta the residence and calling him methodical in his approach.


He exited the property the same way he entered it over the fence. So what do we make of this? Is this a political story? Is this a random nutcase story? What, what is this story guys? Walter? Well, democrats are gonna have to be careful because I don't know how they distinguish between different sorts of violence and political violence anymore. You know, I I, if he'd been in a Tesla or just gotten out of one, it would've been thought to be maybe commendable that someone had firebombed it. If, if he were Luigi and he were good looking And it actually succeeded in killing someone.


He might've been celebrated by Taylor Lorenz and people like that as it is, he's not a very attractive or a very sane human being and he nearly killed children and there's nothing to do with him. But, You know, throw away the key. But we're starting to get into a world of blurred lines around violence. And as much as I, I am horrified by this and I really do feel bad for those kids. They're, they're gonna be genuinely traumatized and scared, especially because their father has ambitions in politics. But, but let's lay off the violence across the board, or at least lay off the fandom around certain kinds of it.


Yeah, the, the Free beacons Peter Hassen tweeted out, this is exactly why it's so dangerous to lionize Luigi Mangione. It's, if it's okay to hit anybody in power, you consider evil then any politician is fair game. I mean, it's an interesting point now because it's not every day you see a governor's mansion firebombed Matt. This is a, this is a striking development in the land of political attacks. And I use that term generically for a reason. I don't know whether this guy's a nutcase, he sounds extreme in his political rhetoric, But I I'm not seeing, You know, stuff about like being abducted by space aliens in his social media that we've unearthed so far.


He sounds like somebody was pissed off about his foreclosure and I can't help watching this thinking. We'd be hearing very different messaging from the Democrat side. If this had been Ron DeSantis, I really think we would, they, there'd be an attempt to like, understand, well, You know how Ron DeSantis brought this on himself. Yeah. I mean, I I think it's gonna be critical to determine what exactly the motive was here. You know, very often in these cases when people do extremely destructive things, including things like school shootings, significant percentage of those folks are, You know, sociopathic, You know, predisposed to violence of some kind or another.


And people attribute motives to them that they assume because of the way they dress or because of the, what music they listen to or that, that sort of thing. So in this case, You know, all we have are are some superficial esia, right? We, we see a person who is, is associated with a lot of traditionally left-leaning causes targeting a democratic governor who, You know, maybe stands out on one or two particular issues as, You know, as being something that that kind of traditional liberals or socialists might not be happy about. But we can't assume that that's the reason that frankly, on the, in the foreclosure front, as somebody who's covered foreclosure courts, I'm a little surprised there hasn't been more violence of this kind dating back to the mid two thousands because I've seen how enraged people are by being thrown outta their hou their homes.


You know, a significant pro percentage of those people are, are tossed out kind of unfairly. So, You know, we don't know, But we, but I think, You know, Walter's right to talk about the lionization of Luigi and how we're in this space now where a, a big segment of the media is kind of intellectualizing violence as a, a logical response to things. And that is very scary that when, when we're in That, it's the new version of intellectualizing, looting and rioting as right, You know, one of the available options to you when you have some sort of societal upset. You mentioned Walter Taylor Lorenz for a reason, former New York Times, former Washington Post columnist who is now trying to make it in the independent lane.


And she sat down with CNN's Donnie, is it Donnie O'Sullivan? I actually don't know this guy who's got some show about misinformation and had the most remarkable exchange regarding Luigi Mangione, the man who stands accused of gunning down in cold blood, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare a couple of months ago. Here it is Hilarious to see these millionaire media pundits on TV clutching their pearls about someone standing a murderer when this is, this is the United States of America as if we don't lionize criminals, as if we don't have, You know, we don't stand murderers of all sorts.


And we give them Netflix shows. There's a huge disconnect between the narratives and angles and sort of mainstream media pushes and what the American public feels. And you see that in moments like this, The women who got her outside chorus in New York. So you're gonna see women especially that feel like, oh my god, right? Like, here's this man who, who's revolutionary, who's famous, who's handsome, who's young, who's smart. He's a person that seems this, like this morally good man, which is hard to find. Yeah. I just realized women will literally date an assassin before they swipe right on me. That's, that's where we're, That is repulsive.


The, the way she describes Luigi Mangione as if, and not in a mocking way, not like these, these lunatics are going to say the following things about him. She clearly shares in it. She obviously tweeted out something sympathetic about him right after he did it. This is right in her wheelhouse because she claims she's got every ailment known to man and womankind. I don't, from the pull pulling out the hair to the na I don't, she's got a lot of issues. So she blame now she blames 'em all in insurance company. So she clearly looks at this guy as a hero. And that's her talking about, for the audience that doesn't know standing as like, You know, stalkery fanning, like, like over the top fandom and she's talking about him as a morally good man.


He's a person that seems like this morally good man, which is hard to find. And then laughter, this guy doesn't, no pushback from CNN's correspondent O Sullivan. No pushback whatsoever, Matt. I mean there's so many things that are crazy about this that one doesn't even know where to start. Walter and I just a couple of weeks ago, we, we did a, a segment on Flannery O'Connor's a Good Man is hard to find because it was the 100th anniversary of her birth. And here's Taylor Lorenz, who is probably the most anti literate person in media. Making a reference to a good man is hard to find.


This is she's someone who, if you handed her a hardcover book, would be tempted to bite it, I think because she's probably never read a thing anything in her life. And I think she mis if she did know that story, she misunderstood the point of it clearly. But this idea of Luigi Manni as a morally good man, I, I just, I don't know how that goes over and how, what, what CNN is thinking, putting that on the air. Right? It's just crazy, right? The, to your point about the books, it reminds me of we love Victor Davis Hanson, we have him on all the time. He's truly a brilliant guy. He knows everything, encyclopedic knowledge of, of so many subjects. And we always, You know, say like, if, if Victor says it happened, it happened.


'cause his memory's so good and it's solid. But he clearly is an avid reader. I mean, he's a college professor many years, he's an avid reader. He's not really an avid pop culture consumer. And on one of the shows, one day he referred to the woman who was married to Jay-Z as Beyonce because all he does is read. That's all he does is read. It's to his credit, Taylor Lorenz is the opposite of Victor Davis Hansen. She reads nothing. She just pulls out her hair, feels sorry for herself, cries on tv, daes, innocent people who happen to write conservative things and then defend cold-blooded accused killers. Walter as good looking morally good, famous revolutionary smart.


It's so hard to find. Well, of course this is all a put on. And, and I think Meghan, your experience in, in news and opinion reveals that to you too. There were many people they could have interviewed about Luigi Mangione, but they picked Taylor Lorenz because she could be counted on to model this kind of goofy teenage Beatlemania Manson girl fandom that would set the internet on fire. CNN will set itself on fire if it can get ratings at this point. And they just did that. She got on my Twitter this morning because I made, You know, I I made adequate fun of this thing.


And she said, I I, I wasn't talking about myself. These aren't my feelings. I was just observing what's going on among young women. But that's not it at all. What she's doing is she's modeling the kind of reaction that you're now allowed to have to Luigi them sort of, You know, being like they're on a date, joking at the bar about something and You know, their dating life or whatever was supposed to show America that you can be lighthearted and fun and teeny bopper about this subject. But what they had to say really didn't matter. It was the way they said it and the way they laughed and the way they made everyone, they gave everyone permission to sort of have this strange tiger beat feelings about Louis Tiger beat.


Yeah, Sean Cassidy and Robbie Benson and John Travolta. That, that's how old I am, guys. It's a lie that she was just parroting what others might say about Luigi. Here is what Taylor Lorenz said right after the murder. I mean, in hours after Thompson was killed, Brian Thompson was killed, allegedly by Luigi. She got online and expressed her dismay with the healthcare health industry, insurance industry. What happened was somebody posted on blue sky, blue Cross Blue Shield in Connecticut, New York and Missouri has declared it will no longer pay for anesthesia for the full length of some surgeries.


Lorenz replied, and people wonder why we want these executives dead. Following that, she went viral for a comment on P Morgan where she said, I do believe in the sanctity of life. And I think that's why I felt along with so many other Americans, joy, unfortunately joy upon learning that Brian Thompson father of two boys had been murdered gunned down in his prime. She made her super joyful. So Walter, don't give her one inch, she doesn't deserve it. Oh, I didn't give her an inch, But I noticed something she has replies turned off. If she doesn't follow you on Twitter, you're not even allowed to talk back at her.


And yet she's celebrating people who shoot others. I mean, this is a phobic, fragile, You know, retarded person who can't, You're not allowed to say that people at the at FDA walk out on you. I, I mean it in the classical sense that her growth is stunted. You know, not that she suffers from any sort of genetic syndrome, though that May be true. Yes, classical retarded can mean slow as an actual word. Like the, the process of that automobile was retarded by the nails in the road, But it was, it was the host who was really, is really to be deployed. I mean, she's, she's out there doing her act, You know, trying to get attention for her new independent journalism career.


But that guy, not he, he, he, he, he complied with it. He, he, he fanned it. He he emphasized, loved it and amplified it. That's what he was there for. Yeah, that's, that's the thing. So, and by the way, pro tip for you, Donnie, the way to get more women swiping right on your profile is not to suggest you think it's hilarious when people kill innocent men on the street and that that's an awesome, like, ha ha ha, lucky him. This is such a fun conversation. Maybe that's how I'll get more girls. It's a no. Maybe you do wanna wind up with like a tailor, maybe that kind of girl, but not with normal red blooded American women. Matt was speaking of The, I got the feeling he wanted. I got the feeling he wanted Luigi to swipe right on his profile.


No, that could, that could be, that could also be, might as well get go there since we brought it up. RFKJ is the subject of an unfair, untrue smear. On Friday, he went over to FDA, the F Food and Drug Administration now run by Marty McCarey, yay of Johns Hopkins, one of the few sane voices during Covid and did like a rally the troops kind of message, You know, like stand tall and, You know, be careful of disinformation and people trying to corrupt you. That guy like good stuff and made a reference as he has so many times. If you've interviewed RFKJ, you've heard him make this reference to this like home quote for the retarded, that was the name of the home that he volunteered at when he was young.


And he talks about the Special Olympics, which was started by his family and so on and q, the newspaper articles. He, he used the r word to describe children or, You know, people with disabilities. He used the R word notwithstanding the fact that that wasn't true. He was making a reference again to this group. Hold on, I'll find it. Here it is. Okay, here are a couple of headlines. Mediaite Sarah rum, FDA staffers dish on unhinged meeting with RFK junior where he called Special Olympics athletes retarded.


Then after the truth came out, she later updated the headline to FDA staffer's dish on unhinged meeting with RFK Junior. Quote, the deep state is real without an acknowledgement. We'll go back and check it again, Sarah, that she said something that was false and potentially defamatory against him in her original headline, which was so wrong, they had to take it down. Now, when you do that, you then need to fix it. You need to acknowledge your mistake and fix it. It's not that hard. Daily beast SA staffers walk out of RFK j's slur ridden speech about the deep state slur ridden Shannon Watts of Moms Demand Action, who is a complete hack.


This is a woman who used to run this group that didn't want guns available to children, particularly in the school setting. Sounded normal. She turns out to be a far left hack, partisan, dishonest person during remarks to FDA employees today. RFKJ touted his work for the Special Olympics, but shocked several FDA employees when he said he spent 200 hours in high school working with quote the retarded again, our at our last check, the the tweet was still up. No clarification. Here's what he actually said. And by the way, Politico was the original sinner on this.


They're the ones who got this going. Here's what he actually said. Because of my family's commitment to these issues, I spent 200 hours at the Wassaic home for the retarded when I was in high school. I guarantee you I could tell my team to pull the clip when he said that on me. And on other sh people show like this is so messed up. And there was an audio recording too, we're told that there was an audio recording of his remarks there. Politico went on to say the remark jolted several FDA employees in the audience who misheard the reference and thought he was making a derogatory remark about people with intellectual disabilities according to two employees granted anonymity for fear of retaliation.


Gee, why did you think that? What do you think it is about RKJ that led them to believe he he slurred when it comes to people with mental disabilities in front of the entire FDA staff? Walter, that's the thing that's so ridiculous about it. Like, and then he dropped the N word, You know, like what, what other things would, You know, your average cabinet secretary do in front of, You know, hundreds of new employees other than find groups to slur? You know, it's so ironic that the person who is doing his level best and has committed his life and his fortune at this point to stopping autism is going to be, You know, harassed for having, or just How significant this Cultural properly, properly quoted the name of a, of a institution.


I think first of all, every generation should be allowed to have the vocabulary that it did when it was 30 years old. And, You know, not that he said the word, but that he wasn't afraid to say it, even though it was the name of something. Probably comes from the fact that he lived at a time when that's how people spoke, having to reset to the beliefs and the speech. The, the speech sensitivities of 22 year olds forever is, is getting old. Yeah. I mean the, they didn't give him a fair chance. Of course, Matt, they're not gonna give him a fair chance, but they'll use anything to smear him.


This is another version of binders full of women, which is proof that MIT Romney is this raging sexist, it's kind of another version of good people on, You know, very fine people on both sides. You know, these lies that they make up based on one word that they pull and then twist and the, You know, what is it like about you can't put you on your pants on before the lie spreads around the world. And Politico is very well read, and I'm sure in defense of these others who just ran with it, they went off of the political piece, which was what got the whole thing started. They later did clarify writing for the record. This article and headline had been updated to make clear that Kennedy was referring to the Wassaic State School for the mentally retarded where he worked in high school, not using a derogatory term for people with intellectual disabilities.


Yeah, oddly, this, this ties back to the Taylor Loren story because she was famous among other things for a piece she did years ago where she sort of hit out in the new app clubhouse and claim to overhear Mark Andreessen using what she called the R slur. Yes. Good memory. And then She, she posted a, a tweet of all the people who didn't do anything when the ar aler was, was used. Now it turned out that he, it wasn't Andreessen who used the word, And it was actually a quote, a self-referential quote involving a, a group of redditors who described their sort of GameStop stock ploy as like the revolution of the retarded or something like that.


And so the, the question was what do we think about this retarded revolution or something along those lines? And so the whole thing had to be kind of retracted, corrected, clarified, et cetera, et cetera. But what's interesting about that is that, that at the time there was this concerted effort to def, to define the harm standard as even using this old word in a private setting essentially was, was somehow not even acceptable. Like the, the argument was we, we can't have apps like clubhouse because people will be doing this all the time behind closed doors. We go from that to it's okay to shoot people in broad daylight if You know, and and that's a morally good person who, who who does that.


So there's harm over here, which she later described as the reaction to that is destroying her life to, You know, to this thing, which is a completely different idea about what harm is. That's good point. It's, it's, it's, it's mind boggling. You guys just did, did you do this on your show or did you write, did you write something on this? I, I can't remember, but on the NPR that's not funny. Challenge. Oh, that, that was, that was me, yeah. Yeah. Okay. 'cause I, I subscribe and I get it via email. Matt, I, I subscribe to al almost nobody's email. You should be honored because I do not like to clog up my inbox, But I do subscribe to yours. So sometimes I don't know whether it's quotes from the show or whether it's just you, but this is seem, this also seems related to me because NPR has like re-upped this old show that it put out.


It's, it's the that's not funny challenge. And in which they advise parents who may be concerned that their children may become murderers to keep them away from problematic jokes. Like you can't say the R word or God knows where things will go. And you definitely can't have a child who thinks Hitler's mustache is funny. Or you might have, You know, the next one of two things, Republican president or serial killer in the eyes of NPR, it's the same thing. And they really want in today's day and age to warn parents about the warning signs of your son becoming an incel murderer as you put it in the piece.


And it's probably, it starts with bad jokes. Yeah, it was really an amazing thing because what they did is in response to the popularity of the Netflix show adolescence, which Kiir Starer is now going to mandate that every secondary school student in, in the UK has to watch stories basically about a, a, a beatific young boy who is moved to knife crime or a murder against a young girl because he listens to Andrew Tate basically sort of misogynistic online content.


And so they, they regurgitated this whole interview they did two years ago about the dangers of that kind of content and this expert on online radicalization, by the way, who, where do you go to, to get that job expert in online radicalization anyway, ISIS. Yeah, it's so bizarre. And the whole thing was about how the first thing you have to do is, is make sure is monitor your children for any signs that they are laughing at inappropriate humor or calling things that really aren't funny, funny. Like for instance, finding Hitler Mustache.


Does anyone ever had an eight or 9-year-old boy? Literally every single piece of humor is inappropriate. Every single piece, everything Is funny. And, and, and they singled out hit Hitler's mustache, which Walter, I don't know, or Megan actually both of you. I I would think is one of the funniest things that's ever existed is Hitler's mustache. It's very strange, Joyce by a very strange man. Yeah, absolutely. If, if, if your, if your 8-year-old boy doesn't think Hitler's mustache is funny, that's when I would call a psychiatrist actually. I mean, Honestly, it's like, but you, you point out in this piece, and it's so true that like for decades now, especially when we all grew up, think of the things that we were listening to go back and I, I dare anybody to go back start the original bad news bears just, just hit play on the original bad news bears.


You don't have to go two minutes in to hear every slur. There is the slurs for Hispanics, the slurs for blacks, the slurs for gays, all of them right there from like right outta the barn. You're like, whoa, nevermind. We're gonna try something else. When you have little kids, we didn't all turn into psychopathic murderers Walter, but NPR is really worried about inappropriate humor. Remember that TV movie, the Boy in the Bubble? It, it was, Oh, John Travolta didn't have Yeah. Didn't have an immune system, so they had to be completely encased in a sterile capsule. Well, that's what they're trying to do to kids now.


They they're, they're the boy in the bubble. They don't have immune systems, they can't figure things out, they can't reject bad ideas. They, they can't distinguish between sick humor that's just funny and actually killing someone for kicks. And so we're gonna keep them in the bubble and it's gonna be zip tight and the parents are gonna check in every few hours to make sure there are no holes in it. Well, what happens to that is your kid develops ab absolutely no immunity and will go out into the world and probably go crazy almost instantly once they're outta the controlled environment. So, so I see toughen your kids up. Use the old standard of exposing them to everything, You know, let them smoke cigarettes and get sick.


Let them have a drink and throw up and let them laugh at Hitler's mustache. They'll be good people someday. The other thing is gonna create freaks. Yeah, right? Honestly, they, they need bad humor. They need to be able to make, make fun of each other. They need to be able to touch the untouchable or it becomes too important to them. It becomes like larger than life. And as usual, NPR R'S advice is totally wrong. An update for you, Shannon Watts is still not taken down. Her post Mediaite has now added the political clarification that I read to you earlier. That's not good enough. You have to say, as we reported, what we reported was wrong ends with, he was referencing this school not using a derogatory term for people with intellectual disabilities.


And then you just need to add, as we earlier reported, we misled you. That's it. We were sorry we fucked up. We listened to Politico. I mean that you should just have that On a standard. So, so politic, Politico, restated the name of the institution and it's art article and therefore is as guilty of exactly the same crime as RFK. Yeah. Are they not? I Mean no, they kicked it off. They, they exactly. Yes. But they don't own that piece of it. Hold that thought. Quick break more back with Matt and Walter after this.


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt. Done with Debt has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast. So you keep more of your hard earned money Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators. Go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal in mind to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pockets, month one. And they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists. It's free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you will need to move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Now I have been dying to get back from break because I missed serious gold in the blue origin story that my team has redirected me to. And now I will bring you guys there as well. Take a listen to the female commentators as this nipple shaped rocket ship was about to take off. And the two commentators, I had to know their names when I heard this, I'm told by Steve Krakauer include Issa Thompson, who normally works with E-S-B-B-N sports and Kristen Fisher who used to be on Fox, but then went to CNN. But both of them we believe are just doing like Blue Origin announcing on this particular day, like not working for an outlet.


So obviously hired by Bezos to do this. And would you listen to the commentary guys? And when you are out there at this moment, this rocket feels like it is alive. It feels like it is a living retracting country castle access bridge. Insane thing, right? And there's the gantry pulling back. And this right here is the moment that they've been training for training two days, becoming a crew, becoming a team. After you go through an experience like this, it's, it's more than a team. It's almost like a family. We are so tight to go through something as intense as you know, you said this is like a, a bridled beast.


This, this thing wants to take off. Switch to onboard helium. Here we go. Good luck in Godspeed. Ladies, we're cheering you on from, let's launch this record. Termination system is armed. Oh my God. They're training. They did two days and I asked my team to pull like what did they do during their two days? Okay, here they are. Okay. Their tasks, they spent the past two days at facilities for Blue Origin going over preparations according to Blue origins, Arianne Cornell, their tasks included practicing how to get into and out of the New Shepherd capsule.


Oh, you go in and then, then you go out. Oh, once again ladies. Okay, the group also practiced how to put on and take off their seat belts. I'm dying. I'm dying. Lemme see if there's anything else. Oh, they had to get fitted in their flight suits, guys. They had to get fitted and they had to learn how to communicate with ground control. That, okay, this is what's so funny about it to me. First of all, these two knit knit wits talking about the training they've been through the all their training, it all comes down to this.


Secondly, isn't that was like astronaut training the universal phrase for something that's extremely physically taxing on you. They used to like stick the astronauts in these boots and like put it like, make it subzero temperatures and then make them super confused. They couldn't like perform simple tasks anymore and then like make their hearing go away. They would deprive you sensory deprivation one sentence after the other. And that's like part of the, and now it's like they had to learn how to get in, get in and out, but they dress it up on the one thing by saying they had to learn egress and ingress. That's astronaut talk.


And they'd click in and out of their seat belts and then the other girl going on about how after you go through an experience like that, you are more than a team. You are family that egress and ingress and seatbelt buckling than lying down in your Oscar de Loretta suit. Wal Walter's got his, his finger on his face. Well, true distress. I mean, Just a few weeks ago, actual astronauts who got stranded in space for months Yes. Floating around in weightless condition, not in this, You know, luxury vehicle were rescued by another rocket brought back to earth And it hardly made a splash on the media.


These people have already gotten 50 times the publicity that those, You know, those heroes and the person who rescued them got Yeah. ISS and Elon, right? The people who were on the international System, Jeff Bezos basically put his girl, his girlfriend and her pals into a giant vibrator, shot them into orbit for 10 minutes and they came back telling all about the thrill. We've got everything upside down. And if women get any more empowerment of this sort, they're, they're gonna be denied the right to vote. I love the color commentary though. It's, You know, speaking with knowledge as, as if they know what this is like generally.


Yes. Wait, when you, I was like, are these astronauts? I mean like, are these No, it's like some girl from ESPN and some girl from CNN like, oh, let me tell you what the training does for you on something like this. Hello? What It's it, yeah, it's, it's crazy. It's like, You know, when you, when you go to get a Chevy Traverse test drive, you come out more like a family than like, You know, somebody who just took a car for, I mean like they're, they're talking about getting training, getting and outta a car, basically All their training trained. It comes down to this. Can we hear the beginning of that again? I need to hear that again. Just let's just play it again. Egress. When You are out there at this moment, this rocket feels like it is alive. It feels like it is a living Retracting country in Castle Access Bridge, the same thing, right?


And there's the gantry pulling back. And this right here is the moment that they've been training for two days, becoming a crew, becoming a tutor. Two days after you go through an experience like this. It's, it's more than a team. It's almost like a family. We are so tight to go. Didn't like this. Something as intense as executing, You know, as you said, this is like a, a bridled beast. This, this thing wants to take off. Switch to onboard helium. Here we go. That's The sexual part. That's Godspeed. Ladies, we're cheering you on since let's launch this Termination system is armed.


I I can't, the drama that's also like a stereotypically female thing, which is not great, right? To be overly dramatic when the circumstances don't call for it. I I'm not saying what they were doing was guaranteed safe. Obviously we have seen accidents before. It's not like there was some degree of risk there, but the training, it all comes down to literally they learned how to buckle their seat belts and wear the suits that were designer and showed Lauren Sanchez's boobs. Okay. I, I don't, no one's gonna convince me that those rockets are not phallic. Jeff, I think we're all just part of some weird Jeff Bezos sexual fantasy right now.


I really do. There's something happening there. I I don't, I don't wish to participate. Okay. There's a lot of other news you wouldn't know it. But first I gotta spend a minute on you Matt Taibbi because you were mentioned last week on our show, we were talking about speaking of political, a political report about anonymous. That guy who worked within the, the government who came out during the Trump administration was like, those of us at DHS Miles Taylor we're, we we're handling him behind the scenes. Like we've really got control of the government. Anyway, that guy left government service in 2019 and turned out to be like a, a nothing burger. He was no near nowhere near as important as he would've had his belief.


And Trump just revoked his security clearance, which no one knows why he still had it anyway and said, I want an investigation to see if he used any classified info. So with respect to that guy and somebody else who worked for Trump, he wanted some government snooping around to see if they had done anything wrong. And he's not charging anybody. He's doing some like kicking of the tires. And Politico in response to this, writes this article like never before has the White House leaned on the DOJ or one of its top agencies to investigate a private citizen in retaliation for something that citizen has allegedly done. And I was like, why don't you tell it to James O'Keefe and Matt Taibbi and I read them Ron Johnson's press release the day you testified at that hearing on the weaponization of government only to go home and get a visit from the IRS and Ron Johnson was saying, there is zero chance this is coincidental.


And then sure enough you got audited. They were, they began at least an audit. So I would love to know your thoughts on that political assertion and whether that has resolved now and the government is finally off your back. They, they are, I was actually told at the end of that month, so they, that happened on, I think March 9th, 2023. By the end of the month, they told me that I was in the clear, they, they actually owed me a lot of money. Great. And the, and the investigation had been started up on the same day as one of the main, main Twitter files reports.


And once the judiciary committee sent a letter to the treasury asking basically what the deal was, they sent over a whole bunch of documents and conceded that there was nothing there. And then informed me personally that I was in the clear, so I'm not being investigated anymore. Wow. And then thanks to Jim Jordan, actually, they, they changed the policy about personal visits to people by the IRS. So that's, that was actually a positive outcome to that whole thing. Wow. I mean, your, so your thoughts then that, that, that that, that this by Trump is the first time it's ever happened. Yeah, clearly not.


You know, I think we've, we can go back through history and, and find many examples of people who've been investigated or, You know, at least the DOJ has been nudged in the direction of somebody. I mean, I think that's been a feature of almost every presidential administration going back to Nixon. I, I wrong about that, Walter. I can't think of anybody who, who hasn't been in trouble for that. But, You know, that whole thing, the, the Miles Taylor, You know, he's a character. I, he, he was a significant character in the Twitter files. We didn't do a lot of the reports on those, But I know that there was talk about investigating him even, even before the end of Trump's first term.


So Yeah, I'm sure there was. By the way, there's something I just, in case the audience doesn't remember Twitter files, of course, is the release of all sorts of files at Twitter. Now, X by Elon, once he took it over showing massive government coordination with social media companies, including x to do things like stifle all free discussion around Covid and many other subjects. Sorry, go ahead Walter. What were you gonna say? Well, I, I, maybe I don't understand security clearances, But I, I thought the deal was you get one and then you get to look at stuff that you're not allowed to talk about. This guy may not have talked about, You know, classified information, but he did open his mouth very loudly.


A, a, a and, You know, against his commander in chief at the time, or You know, his executive and why he would expect that he would not become a target once he's outed. The reason he was anonymous is that he was afraid of what he was doing. Then he got de anonymized and, and, and they're looking into him. That makes him a victim of some kind. And why do you keep these clearances for life? I don't understand that at all. I don't, I I don't get it either. They walk around with them, apparently they're a great way to earn money because, You know, they're a subsidy Yeah, they're a subsidy to people. It's sort of like a, an honorary badge that you can use for the rest of your life.


And people who want you to look at classified things, I guess, can have you do that. But I I I I I think they should probably expire and, and not need to be taken away. I agree. And then You can get it on a case by case basis. But that seems to be plenty now, not, not content to have had your first, or at least may probably wasn't your first Matt, but your most recent appearance before Congress results in a scary visit from the IRS. You went back to Congress, you've been back a few times. And the most recent one was just a couple of months ago, I believe possibly. Where upon, well, you got at this hearing called a sexual, a serial sexual harasser by some far left California Democrat named Representative Sidney Kam lager Dove, who all stayed up front had zero evidence to support that defamatory claim.


She just pulled out of thin air to smear Matt Taibbi in a congressional hearing. Matt didn't love it. Here's what happened. Watch The majority is re-litigating a made up conspiracy theory about a part of the State Department that no longer exists to distract from the dumpster fire foreign policy. This administration is pursuing and elevating a serial sexual harasser as their star witness in the process. Mr. Chair, I request unanimous consent to enter into the record two articles about the Republican witness Matt Taibbi. The first is a Chicago reader article entitled 20 years ago in Moscow.


Matt Taibbi was a misogynist, a-Hole, and Possibly Worse, and a Washington Post article titled The Two Expat Bros Who Terrorized Women Correspondents in Moscow. So you did what very few people will do when they've been smeared and you actually filed a lawsuit because while she has a congressional privilege to say all that, all sorts of nonsense when she's in that seat, she repeated the smears on social media. I looked into this recently and the privilege still may exist, but not to the same extent as it does when they're in their congressional seat. She exposed herself by repeating that online and you're suing her for 10 million bucks. So what's behind that?


Why did you decide to, to do that? Well, when this story first came out in 2017, it's, it's based on a single passage in a book that I co-wrote with my former co-editor in Moscow. And it's completely fictional, like almost everything else in the exile. I mean, the Exile was a Sater satirical newspaper where everything was basically backwards. The whole idea was an UN newspaper. So like for instance, the Corrections always referred to things that had never actually been in the newspaper. Most of the bylines were of fake people describing fake adventures. And in one passage Mark described something that it, it didn't happen.


It's a massive exaggeration of something. And so all the people who were involved were eventually contacted at that time. They recanted. There were corrections at the time. I I was in litigation with some newspapers at the time. That's all been done and finished. And there, nobody's ever accused me of sexual harassment here or in Russia, Not even during the Me Too movement, None of that stuff. I'm, You know, I, I'm one of those people who goes straight home from work, doesn't socialize nothing. And, But I knew in the hearing, as soon as she, she said that I thought about the speech and debate clause and I realized that she, You know, she's allowed to say that.


And then on the way home, I, I saw that she was retweeting this, I think in an effort to try to get a rise outta me because she said something along the lines of, You know, my silence in the hearing was telling. But I think, I think that the privilege is penetrated once you go outside Congress and start retweeting on X in blue sky. And I, I'd had enough at that point of this thing, this thing did major damage to my life and career and it's not true. And so, You know, for her to drag this up seven years later, it's, I I just, I just run to patience. Good for you. No, I remember looking at, at this when, I can't remember whether it was Dick Blumenthal or Tim Kane, but one of them had said to, to Pete Hegseth had suggested that he was beating his wife in the, in the hearing or, or an ex-wife.


I mean like the literal like classic defamatory statement. And they can be protected. These guys can do whatever they want. It's disgusting. But then they repeated it on social media and I remember saying, You know, he should sue. And some smart lawyers responded saying, well, there's, it's protected because of speech and debate. And I actually spent some time looking into it because I didn't think social media would qualify. And, and I did find a lot of big loopholes that you could drive a truck through. You are far less protected when you were tweeting as a congressman on X or on blue sky than you are when you're in that seat. And I think she's in for a whole messy legal battle that she didn't anticipate So good for you. 'cause no one ever fights back, Matt. No one ever fights back.


Did have you had any response from her or her team? Well, I probably can't get into that publicly, but what I, what I will say is that there was a lot of positive response about this. And part of that was from other journalists because, You know, I don't know if you agree with this, But I think there's been kind of a laissez fair attitude toward outright liable in the last eight, nine years. People just say such crazy things online and there's this attitude that we don't have to back it up. We don't have to make notations when we make corrections. We don't have to leave it on the page to, to tell people that we made a mistake before.


We can say what we want and get away with it. Most people won't sue. And I think you have to, because that's the argument for not censoring is, is that this other system actually works. And, You know, as, as someone who's very against censorship, I think when people do do that, that kind of thing, you have to try to hold him accountable. So Matt's too much of a gentleman to say what he really thinks, Walter, but what did you make of that exchange? Well, Matt is a gentleman as testified by the fact he's only suing her for 10 million. I mean, we live in the day of billion dollar lawsuits. I think Trump just went after CBS for billions. They, You know, Alex Jones coughed up, Fox coughed up to Dominion, but the damage to Matt, his family, his children, You know, and so on from that charge, which was completely unfounded, is worth, I think a lot more than that.


So he's really, he's really being a boy scout by asking for so little When I heard it, You know, I have a lot of friends who, You know, watch our podcast and they started texting me saying, I can't watch this. I I poor Matt, he's sitting up there, You know, and, and, and I thought to myself, well, You know, he likes it. He knows what's gonna happen now. It's an adventure for him. Last time the IRS came this time, they libeled him. They, they might pull out a gun next time. I mean, he's driving Congress crazy. Yeah. And it was just, it was a hearing on the censorship industrial complex, the need for First Amendment safeguards at the State Department. I mean it's really, that's, that's kind of a no brainer. You of course we need First Amendment safeguards.


We've been through quite a lot of censorship. That's what the ex, the Twitter files showed among other things. And instead of taking any sort of a lesson and listening open-mindedly, she decided to go to the politics of personal destruction. And it was despicable matter Matter decided To despicable, She decided to speak in the one kind of way that actually violates the first Amendment. I mean, in the sense Yeah, right. Exactly. That, You know, the irony. Yeah, the irony. No censorship for her, only for others, I guess. And then, Okay, moving on. Yeah, Go ahead Matt. That's just like quickly is that, You know, from the very beginning, you, I know when I testified about the Twitter files, You know, two years ago the, the Democrats treated me almost like I was worse than a Trump supporter.


To the, to them they think of me as some kind of apostate, but I've been a lifelong supporter of the First Amendment. I've been a democrat most of my life. I'd probably agree with them about some things if they wanted to open a discussion about what's appropriate for online regulation. But they, they decided to go completely in a different direction. And I, the political sense of that escapes me. I just don't understand why they do that. Well, I, I guarantee you that woman did no research other than on you other than, You know, smear research stuff that she could get to smear you. She, she didn't, she wasn't interested in probing who you actually are, what your views are. And she was too dumb to know you. So, You know, all of it reflected very poorly on her.


And I think it will continue to. Okay, A couple other things. This just in the el the president of of El Salvador was at the White House this morning and met with President Trump. This is the guy who's taking our Venezuelan gang members and other illegals into this controversial prison, which does not look like a day at the park. And one of the guys that we deported, this guy last name Abrego Garcia, is at the center of the controversy. Now because the Supreme Court, just to be clear, has already ruled that Trump can use the alien enemy act, alien enemies act to deport these people. And what, what process they'll get before we deport them.


The answer is some, and we'll figure out how much, But I guarantee it's not gonna be much, it's not gonna be much immigrants. We're trying to kick out, get a very di minimus level of due process. It's not like you are the, the three of us would get in a court of law accused of crimes. That's the highest level, by the way, an illegal accused of a crime who's tried in a court would get the same level of due process in a criminal court as we would too. But on deportation hearings, it's a quickie, You know, what do we know? What don't we know? Get out. And then they usually stay. Okay. So what happened with this guy was he was brought over and he was like 15 or 16 by his parents from El Salvador, and then grew up to allegedly become part of MS 13 here in America, down in Virginia or Maryland around there.


And he got pinpointed as a potentially, You know, problematic guy as a gang member potentially, and dragged into immigration court. And we had an immigration proceeding against him, But we didn't like have a criminal proceeding against him. And then it went up on appeal within the immigration system and two courts, the lower court and the upper court found that he had enough gang ties that they were convinced he was a member of MS 13. They took witness testimony from a confidential informant. And apparently even El Salvador says he was a member of MS 13. So he was ordered to be deported, get out now he's in his mid twenties, please leave. And only this, this took a while, all these proceedings and only on the eve of his deportation did he say I, it was basically an asylum claim.


You can't claim asylum in the United States unless you claim it within like the first year of being here, which he missed. But, so it wasn't asylum exactly, but it was like, I need humanitarian relief. You can't send me back to El Salvador. And the reason is that there's this terrible gang there that wants to kill me. And my whole family, we were making some sort of a food. They like to make that food. They didn't want my family to make the food. My mother, my my brother, me, well, I'll be dead if you send me back to El Salvador. And some judge was like, okay. And gave him this order of suspended removal where he, we could still deport him, we could send him to any country in the world that would have him, But we can't send him to El Salvador because of this judge's order.


At least then if circumstances change, you can send him back to El Salvador. And by the way, that gang that was allegedly targeting him that he forgot to mention during two long immigration removal hearings, never mentioned once, only came up once he lost and he was ordered deported no longer exists. So our government pro very easily could have gone back into immigration court and gotten an order saying the removal suspension's lifted, you're going home buddy. But now he's like been removed thanks to Trump and he's playing the I, American, American, I have kids, one may be special needs. This is so wrong. I'm just a dreamer. Forget all those allegations about me being part of MS 13, that two courts found were real, that El Salvador says are, are real.


It was never found by a criminal court. So it can't be real. And we think the evidence is sketchy. And I, I'm an American send me back home, which he's not. He's an El Salvador. That's, that's the, the synopsis by the way, the one the media won't give you about this guy, Abrego Garcia, who's become the left wing's poster boy for wrongful deport deportations. The left has taken this case up. They got an order from a lower court judge saying we have to, we have to make sure that he gets deported. That we, sorry, returned, returned to the United States from the El Salvador in prison, to which we were not allowed to, to deport him technically.


And the Supreme Court took it up and said, all right, you have to help facilitate his removal, but you don't have to insure it, you don't have to actually execute on it. That's somebody else's job. But you, United States government, you do have to help facilitate his removal from that prison and return. And that was a lower burden than the left wanted. They wanted. You have to make sure he gets back here. And the Supreme Court would not give that. So that's where the case stands now as Boule, the president of El Salvador shows up at the White House and all the left was saying, why don't you just put him on your plane, put this gang member on the El Salvador in President's plane and bring him back.


Well, that didn't happen. And the news just outta the oval is as follows, watch. Well, I kept, I'm supposed to not suggesting that I smuggle a terrorist into the United States, right? How can I smuggle, how can I return him the United States? I I smuggle him into the United States, or what do I do? Of course I'm not gonna do it. It's like, I mean the, the, the question is preposterous. How can I smuggle the terrorist into the United States? I I don't have the power to return him to the United States. And it now it's a very interesting legal thicket because Trump is saying, team Trump, Stephen Miller saying we don't have the authority to go into a foreign government, a foreign nation and take someone who is a Salvadorian citizen, who has no citizenry here and bring him back to the United States where we don't have that authority.


Now you hear the Salvadorian president saying, we don't have authority to take someone who's been said to be a gang member and adjudicated by the, by President Trump, by executive order a terrorist and drop him back off into the United States. And that's where things stand now. It's getting, now it's getting really interesting to me. Thoughts on it guys? Well one of the, one of the terrible effects of unconstrained immigration and illegal immigration is that every one of those people represents a total tie up of our court system. I mean that we are spending this amount of time, this amount of care, this amount of, You know, media space on a gang member or an alleged gang member.


I I it is, but Definitely an illegal ne definitely, But definitely order illegal, A deportation order saddled illegal Is an argument for, for there really being a very strict and like you say, de de minis process for I think getting 'em outta here because we can't afford these resources. We can't afford this divisive argument and this legal quagmire over every single person. And You know, this is not somebody to embrace for the left it, You know, and, and, and that they want immediate results from a US government that takes forever to get you a, You know, get you a permit for something or whatever.


I I is ridiculous. These are the kind of issues that no matter what Trump does, are gonna keep the left and the Democrats in the minority for a long time. Matt, it's very interesting 'cause Trump got an order last week, late last week from the high court saying the deportation of the Columbia University Agitator, Mahmud, Khalil, the guy who was the spokesperson for the on-campus group at Columbia that overtook that building, Hamilton Hall and held people hostage and defamed the bill or defaced the building that Trump and Marco Rubio, who acted as Secretary of State to say his presence here is not consistent with the foreign policy goals of the United States.


The high court said, you're fine, you're good there. That was their first poster. Boy by the way, we told you that was not gonna work and we were right. And now this guy is going down because the Supreme Court would not order a mandate that we actually make sure he get back here. And now we're in this really interesting place where we're this legal, legal limbo. But here's, and, and that's, that works for Trump. 'cause possession is nine 10th of the law and he's in El Salvador. Here is Steven Miller, I'm gonna advancing this now outside of the White House. And I think it was yesterday, but I'm not sure where all these reporters, because they're all left wingers, they all think this guy should be released back. It was today. Okay, it was this morning that they all think he should be released back in the United States gang member or not terrorist, or not illegal or not.


And Steven Miller, who knows this subject like the back of his hand, did a little slice and dice in the media. Watch this. Let's see if any of you have researched anything about this issue at all. Can anyone here tell me what would happen to the illegal alien from El Salvador if you came back from the United Defense? Does anyone here know? Does anyone wanna guess any of you? He, he could be with his family. He would be arrested. Okay. He would be put in confinement, he would be deported the second time to El Salvador again, because there's no withholding order for an alien who's a member of foreign sheriff organization, number one. Number two is the gang that he's a member of doesn't exist in El Salvador anymore. So what you're asking for is gonna be deported twice. But, so I'm trying to understand from you all is, so if he came back and under our laws, he was then deported to Egypt or to Somalia, would you then be saying, great, I'm so glad that you deported him to another country.


Is that what you'd all be saying? Or do you, do you understand our immigration loss at all? Do You know the difference between a deportation order and a withholding order? Do You know the difference? Any of you? Please do you? Well, we're not in the government. I, what I'm getting from this conversation, education for me is that not one person in the media knows the difference between a deportation order and a withholding order. That a fair statement. You're learning about this all for the first time right now? I guess so. Okay. Can we ask, so the deportation order means the judge has said he must be deported from the country. He has no right to remain here any longer. He must be removed from the country. So his only options are to be deported to his home country or another country.


That's it by the way, that happened here, You know, Option. He doesn't get to stay here. He doesn't get to live here. He has no future here. He has no right to be here. He's an illegal alien. That was amazing. Was it not amazing? Well, not the government, it's, no, it's in, it's incredible and it's, it's a source of frustration for me because I think all of us in media, we often get asked to respond immediately to things that happen outside our areas of expertise. You know, there's a reason why most people who are in journalism cover tend to cover a couple of topics for years on end because it takes that long to become intimately familiar with certain kinds of issues.


So if you ask me a question about digital censorship right now, or You know, first amendment online questions, I probably not answer to that. But if, but if it's about immigration law, You know, there's a huge mountain that you have to climb to know even the basics. And there's lots of stuff that, that is not what terribly well known like changes in the Patriot Act to the immigration and that naturalization act. These are all little tiny things that you have to know about the difference between what's legal and what's not. And it takes not days or weeks, but sometimes it takes months or years to have a clue. So for these reporters just to act like they know what they're talking about, it, it's a huge window into the, the general cluelessness of the business about these things.


I have to say to me, it's unforgivable Walter, because it, people who listen to this show, were not surprised by one word we just went through from the time I started my little soliloquy to right now. They have heard me discuss this since this guy's name came up both on this show and on our morning update news. Because it actually, like, if you're gonna cover it, you can, there are lots of things like we didn't do go nose dive into the tariff policy because we don't do a lot of economic news here. And I'm not an expert on that. I gave an interview to the Daily Mail promoting something and they kept asking me, are we gonna go to a recession? I'm like, what the fuck are you asking me for? I have no idea what the hell I know we're gonna have a recession. And my my point is like I know my lane and legal matters is 100% within my lane, and this is understandable, but did I know that this guy had an order of deportation and then that he got the suspension of removal just because of the El Salvadorian sob story he gave?


Yes, I did. You know why I read, I did my homework before I reported on it and you could times that by a thousand. If I were gonna go show up curbside and try to cross examine Steven Miller, oh my god, they're lazy, Walter, they're lazy. Which I guess is not a sin in and of itself though. It kind of is. It's sloth, it's actually literally a sin. But in any event, on top of just being slothful on their couches, they then show up unprepared and then they write articles about it, about how this guy's married to an American and they screwed up. He never should have been deported without telling you he actually did have a deportation order.


He never mentioned his sob story until they are about to kick him out. The gang that he got, the deportation order suspended over no longer exists and that he is Salvadoran like what other countries should we be sending him to since we have a valid deportation order for the guy right now. Anyway, that's why it's so abhorrent to see them so stupid and uninformed. Well, You know, they are uninformed, you are informed. The legalistic details of this are fascinating and I think you're correct in your analysis, but most Americans look at this and they go, oh, this is a guy we want out of here who isn't supposed to be here.


And this is why we need Greenland. This is why we need our version of Siberia in the United States. We have to depend on other countries to exile people. We need something that we own that nobody wants to go to where it's really cold and really lonely that we can send people without all this legal fault row and we get wanna get rid of them. And, and I think Northern Greenland, interior Greenland is a great candidate for that. Maybe, You know, in the old days, maybe would've been sent to dig the Panama Canal. Maybe we need to make it a little deeper. I don't know. But England had Australia and we need something like that at this point. Some third option to either ridiculous legal quagmires or, You know, total deportation.


I mean I think that's what we found here in El Salvador. What, what my audience keeps emailing me, and I do read the emails, you can email me megan@megankelly.com is, where's our due process? Where's Lake and Riley's due process? Where's Joshlyn AL'S due process? Where's the due process of the American citizens who are getting murdered by these criminals in our country every week You read about these, the children who are getting molested, sexually molested. Like we're we, I will say the vast majority of people who listen to and watch this show couldn't give a shit about abrego Garcia's due process. They don't care. So to your original point, Walter, it's a, it's a win-win for Trump.


The, the the guy's argument for what not wanting to go home was fear of crime. Well that's our argument against getting rid of, for getting rid of him. And I say it being our country and him being a visitor, we win and we should win quickly. I really, it is a horrible waste for all the fascination it provides. It's a horrible waste of lawyers money and time to be worrying about cases like this when there are tens of thousands of them that are probably nearly this serious and then hundreds of thousands behind those. Yeah, well we'll see. I mean there's a bit of a, I don't know, fisticuffs now because they're both like, I don't have the power, I don't have the power.


Which is a very interesting position. 'cause what what the Supreme Court did was they said facilitate, but they don't actually have to execute on it and kicked it down to the lower court and said, you come up with a, with an order that's consistent with this order and now I don't know what she's gonna do. 'cause like this is, she's not gonna be able to force the El Salvador and President to do anything and our government's gonna continue to say we don't have control over what the El Salvador Salvadorian government does. Anyway, we'll watch it guys. Stand by quick break back with Matt and Walter in one minute.


We live in a world our biology just was not built for artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It's no wonder our health is under attack. These modern stressors disrupt ourselves ability to function the way they should impacting gut health, immunity, even how we age. ARMRA Chorum, that's ARMRA is a bioactive whole food that helps restore cellular signaling and strengthens your body from the inside out. It's packed with over 400 powerful nutrients that work to reinforce your immune barriers, fortify your gut, rev up metabolism, and even support stronger skin and hair. It's pure, potent, natural and clean. And we have got you a special offer. Get 15% off your first order, just go to try ARMRA dot com slash megan or enter the code Megan at checkout. That's TRY ARMRA dot com slash megan.


These days, personal safety is not something that can be left a chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why burnout is the choice for many. Burnout is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Byrna uses non-lethal rounds, tear gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part is Byrna can be shipped direct to your door and its legal in all 50 states. Byrna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option and Byrna provides a powerful alternative or supplement to your self-defense plan. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are adding bea's, less lethal protection. Berna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


So Bill Maher finally got back on his show and told us what happened when he went to the White House and met with Donald Trump. I really, I like Bill Maher, I like going on his show, but he definitely has been suffering from a case of the TDS. Once the TDS gets you, it's hard to come out from under it, But I see chutes of grass mixing all sorts of metaphors. I think he's started to come out from under it. And to his credit, he went there. It was brokered by Kid Rock and to his credit, president Trump allowed it, welcomed this and was very gracious to Bill Maher, who has been brutal about Trump for many years.


So here's a bit of how Mar described the experience in so 12. It's everything I've ever not liked about him was, I swear to God absent at least on this night with this guy Bob. Kid Rock told me the night before, he said, if you want to get a word in edgewise, you're gonna have to cut 'em off. He'll just go on. Not at all. I've had so many conversations with prominent people who are much less connected, people who don't look you in the eye, people who don't really listen because they just want to get to their next thing. People whose response to things you say just doesn't track like what? None of that with him.


And he mostly steered the conversation to what do you think about this? I know your mind is blown. So is mine. I never felt I had to walk on eggshells around him and honestly, I voted for Clinton and Obama, But I would never feel comfortable talking to them the way I was able to talk with Donald Trump. Pretty extraordinary. Walter, I'm starting to see the veil come down. You know, he's starting to see the man that a lot of us have seen for a long time now if we don't have the TDS, you got it. It's hard. If he comes out from the TDS, he might be one of the only ones that have ever actively had it and then shed the disease.


I really like Bill Maher and I've been on his show and I love talking to him. After you do the show, he usually throws a party from talking to him. I've gotten to know that he really believes what he says most of the time. Yeah. And I am sure he believes everything he's said about Donald Trump. And he sounds genuinely surprised. And that was a huge risk for him to go and to come back big time and to, and to be that sincere and genuine. He's taking nonstop hell for it. I I mean, people are using every obscenity to tell him to go away right now. And I, I got, I I kind of admire him for it. You don't see actual risks taken in the media. They talk about audience capture.


Everybody ends up a slave to their audiences prejudices. Well, he, he took the risk of not being, and he sounds a little like, like a kid, You know, who just danced with a girl and said they're really not scary and they're not mean. They, they smell kind of good and they're soft all over. And, and, and that and that authenticity is touching to me. And boy, the abuse won't stop. Yeah, he was, he was pretty defensive about that. Let me play stop 14. My favorite part of the whole night was we were standing in the blowjob room, Bill Clinton's, Monica Lewinsky room.


And he said, You know, I've heard from a lot of people who really, who really liked that we're having this dinner. Not all but a lot. And I said, same. A lot of people told me they loved it, but not all. And we agreed, the people who don't even want us to talk, we don't like you don't talk. As opposed to what writing the same editorial for the millionth time and making 25 hour speeches into the wind. Really? That's what liberals have. He takes the piss out of everybody else and we can hold ours. Okay, that's my report. You can hate me for it, but I'm not a liar. Trump was gracious and measured and why he isn't that in other settings.


I don't know and I can't answer and it's not my place to answer. I'm just telling you what I saw and I wasn't high. That's the only part. You know, Matt, I was trying to, I I Was trying to figure out how, why this doesn't irk me the way the morning Joe trip to Mar-a-Lago irritated me. 'cause that one I just felt was performative. I really felt like they wanted access to a person in power who they had been so unfair to for years. I mean, they just, that show in general is just such a lie and so unfair. And I don't feel that way about Bill Maher or his show at all. I think he's an honest broker and he, he has, You know, so Trump supporters on all the time.


It's just, he, he isn't one. He hasn't been one. So I, I agree that it was a courageous thing for him to do, for both of them to do. And I honestly, I give Trump tons of credit because Mars been a chief antagonist. Your thoughts? Well, all in addition to being an honest broker. And I think believing what he says, and like Walter, I've been on his show and I've talked to Bill many times after the show and always enjoyed just talking to him. He's also a natural comic. And I think one thing that he really struggled with in the last eight years was the sheer quantity of laughable stuff that came out of the quote unquote left that he was told he wasn't allowed to laugh about.


And that I think that was a big factor for him. You know, sort of being told that there are things that there that are off limits and the not so veiled threat that if you even entertain the idea of, of calling Donald Trump sane or a normal politician in public, that your career is gonna be over. Now Bill is just big enough that he can avoid the fate that most everybody else who went there experienced. And I, I think, You know, this thing that he did, I think it's a significant moment for, for media because now there might be some other people who come out of the woodwork and say, You know what? I'm just tired of saying the same stuff over and over again and not really fully believing it.


I wonder if it's gonna change at all the way he covers the president because he's, he's definitely been tough on Trump. He's, he, he's very tough on Democrats too, by the way. He hates Wokes. He's been a very strong ally in that battle. But usually on Trump he's saying something negative. And so I do wonder now if he'll start saying more positive things, Walter, and if so, what happens with his audience? Bill's got a unique relationship to his audience. He's always challenging them. Really. I mean, e every Bill Marshall has something that's a little uncomfortable for people that doesn't play to their prejudices or their, You know, assumptions. So this is the biggest case of that yet.


And I think his audience is gonna stick with him and I, I and I, But I, I think he'll stage this as tough on Trump, but it will be more issues based. I think he is gonna stay tough stuff on Trump or tough on Trump as well. He's just, You know, he, he doesn't like Trump. I think that's still true, But I think he saw like a glimpse of the man like that we actually know, like the real Trump and not the fighter who's out there being attacked all the time, who's gotta be, You know, tough and is tough in return. And, You know, bill Maher among many others has thrown some very tough punches his way as well. So anyway, I am in favor of the meeting. I feel very differently about it than I did about the Mar-a-Lago kiss, the ring oft tho by members of the media who make their living tearing him down with lies.


That's not what Mar does. Anyway, guys, this was such a pleasure. Thanks for being here today on this special Monday edition. Absolutely. Thanks. Thanks, Megan. Thank you Megan. I see you soon. I, I forgot to, I I was so focused on my daughter Y's birthday today. I forgot to say happy one day belated birthday. St. Strudwick. Yes. St. Strudwick Bru turned four and it's happening. He, no, it's not. He's still very naughty. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks For listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.