
Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big Pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months. This year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big Pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress Big Pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes. Hold Big Pharma Accountable Pass Corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P


Meta's. Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all, everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. This week we're bringing you a Deep Dive into the influential picks that President-elect Donald Trump is making. And one of the biggest names is Robert f Kennedy. Jr as Health and Human Services Secretary, our FKJ has become a household name. And his endorsement of Trump in August was a huge moment in this race, but it wasn't always like that For RFKJ back in July, 2021, president Biden promoted him as a leading member of the quote, disinformation dozen.


And then he was de platformed virtually everywhere. But in March of 2022, we sat down and interviewed Bobby Kennedy for the first time. Can I tell you it was crazy because I was in Montana at the time on spring break with my family And. it was so nuts. Do you guys remember when my, my babe, my little boy got hurt seriously hurt on the ski mountain and, and split his spleen in three places. And I almost didn't get to do this interview. It was like the, the whole week was so crazy. We had put so much work into this. My whole team had been fact checking him, his book, calling his critics to get ammo and so on, right?


Just so we could make sure we had done our job. And that this interview could live on all the social media platforms. It was a feat because we interviewed him. This was my first interview of him. We had scheduled 90 minutes. We wound up talking for four hours. It was an incredible conversation. And, it did live. You know what? It lived on all platforms. It didn't get censored at all. And. it was the beginning of his public resurrection on social media and in the podcast lane and so on. And, and really just getting his voice back out there. At the end of the taping, he told me this quote, thanks for your courage, integrity, And I. Hope this. They, they leave this up for more than 10 seconds, right?


Well, they did. They did. And I. Think you'll be fascinated by this interview. If you've heard it before, you're still gonna love it. 'cause you'll learn new things. I do. I've listened to it like three times. And if you haven't heard it, you need to because people are going back right now. We can see the downloads. They're already through the roof on it since he got named, because this thing is comprehensive. We do vaccines. We do the JFK assassination. We go through covid, everything Fauci. The shows and the clips have been seen millions of times. Here's the first half of the episode. The second half will come out on Friday. See you then and have a wonderful Thanksgiving.


You might have heard about this new brand called XX XY Athletics. This is the only athletic brand that is standing up for women's sports. And while we have had some recent wins in this area, we need to keep up the fight. This was founded by former elite gymnast and Levi's executive. Jennifer say she's been on on our show many times. You know her. She was the first gymnast to speak out about the abuse in women's gymnastics. Then she had the good sentence to push back on the covid nonsense to fight to open schools, which they found horrifying over at Levi's, so on them. And now she's putting that courage to good use to fight back against the trans insanity by starting her own athletic clothing brand XX XY Athletics has boldly taken a stand. So why would you buy from others that are selling women out XX XY? Athletics makes everything from super soft, comfy sweats to performance wear, including leggings, bike shorts, and other workout gear for men and women. You know the men need to weigh in here too, because real men stand up for real women and girls. Check 'em out@thetruthfits.com or just Go to XX dash XY Athletics dot com. It's time to buy brands that align with our values. Use the Code MK 20 to get yourself 20% off your first purchase. XX dash XY Athletics. It is the only athletic brand that actually knows what a woman is. Go to the truth fits.com. And don't forget the Code MK 20.


thank you so much for being with us today. Thank you for having me, Megan. Alright, let's start with the Fauci book, because one of the most interesting things about it is how it's been totally blackballed by basically everyone. I mean, it's been a complete media blackout on the book. You know, we've, we've gone into 12 separate printings. And so it, we ran out of books a dozen times. Wow. And now they have plenty of books. Wow. And Bobby, if we can just, just to remind folks, your your voice is a little raspy and there's a reason for that, just so people aren't distracted. And would you care to share the reason for that?


Yeah, I, And I apologize to that, particularly to your listeners and to you. 'cause my voice is really hard to listen to. I had a very, very, like, unusually strong voice until I was 42 years old. 19 96, 19 97, I was struck with this condition, which is called spasmodic dystonia. It, it, my, my throat, actually, if you scoped my throat, it would look like a very, very healthy throat. But I have a neur, this is a neurological condition. So my brain is instructing my voice box to tighten up. And for some reason that nobody really understands, it goes in and out.


So some days my voice is pretty strong and other days it's, it's very staggered and, and kind of difficult to listen to. And today is not a good day for my voice. So again, I apologize to you and Not at all. Not at all. I, I am sorry to even raise it. It's just whenever there's a distraction, I want to You know what, Whenever I give a speech, Megan, I always explain it to people because I mean, it is, I can't listen to myself on a, I have never listened to my own podcast. I don't listen to myself on TV or radio because it's, it's disturbing for me to hear my voice.


So I feel sorry for people who need to listen to it. And I feel like I, it helps me to give them an explanation. You're worth it. You're worth it. And You know it. I was thinking about it as I was reading about your condition, thinking it's a particularly cruel thing to have handed to you, right? I mean, it's quite literally the loss of your voice, right? It's to have your actual voice diminished in any way or interfered with must be, it must be galling, must be frustrating. I don't know how, how, how has that felt to have that deteriorate? Well, You know, it's definitely a paradox or an irony because I so much what I, of what I do is depend on my voice as an attorney, as public speaker, as You know somebody who is a voice now kind of for the movement at You know I have this, I have this particular disability.


But You know, I think any, listen, there's people who have a lot worse disabilities than me. I have a cousin who lost a leg when he was 11 years old. My family has been around people You know, working on disabilities for many, many years. So I I've never spent even a second feeling sorry for myself or You know. It's just something that God gave me. I have to figure out one You know, why is this a gift? Why is this challenge been given to me? And that's You know. And then to do the best I can and not be deterred by it. It's not something I would complain about.


Well, the patriarch of the Kennedy family, Joseph Kennedy, the man with whom it all started, and that's your grandpa Bobby Kennedy's dad. Jack Kennedy's dad, as I understand it, he wasn't so big on whiners. And so you were all raised from the, from the cradle to toughen up and not walk around feeling woe was me. Yeah, I think that's right. He, he would, if you wind around him, he would come into the house clapping his hand, said, there are no minors in this house. There's no complaining in this house. And You know, we were reminded growing up time after time that we were very, very fortunate compared to 99% of humanity.


We had a very, very cushy existence. And You know. And none of us really had a a right to complain about anything. And, I You know. I think it's a better way to live to just say you're not gonna complain. I think self hideous, crippling to people. Yes. I mean, coming from that kind of an upbringing and family approach to life, today's day and age must be very frustrating to you. I'm sure your grandfather would be horrified to see how much we lean into victimhood today. Whether actual or imagined it's become something we prize. It's celebrated.


It's no longer something to triumph over. It's more like, great, you've got something to complain about. We all wanna hear it. Yeah. Well, I don't think that anybody ever got to their deathbed and said, You know. I wish I had spent more time complaining. I think there's a, one of the things that I found out during my early sobriety, it was really a technique that was a gift to me, was that gratitude was a choice. And that You know my inclination. I think the inclination of most people is not to be grateful, but to, to wake up every day with a sense of impending doom.


And then You know to look for reasons to be discontent. And, and it's really about the way that we process reality. You could have two people who are doing this, so who are shoveling manure. And one of them could be whistling and laughing and the other one could be grumbling and, and cursing. And it's, it all is taking place inside of our own heads. You know, how do we choose to practice to, to process our reality? Do we choose to look at the half glass, half empty or Glassful And I You know, every day of my life I make a gratitude list.


I I just list You know a lot of banal things like orange juice, antibiotics and air conditioning, and the glass on the windows, the things that generations 20,000 generations of humanity never had. Those things we live like Gods compared to most of the human beings in the history. Even the most unfortunate You know American today. And so we can either choose to be grateful about those things or we can You know, choose to be anxious and You know. It was a revelation to me to, to learn to, to realize that that was a choice.


And, it wasn't a condition that was You know, that was imposed upon us. And gosh, I mean, I wish people could understand the full extent of what you've been through. How old are you now? I'm actually 68 years old. 68. I mean, you look so young, you look good You know. But 'cause it's crazy, like people will have won one of the many things that have happened to you and spend the rest of their lives lamenting it and leaning into their sadness, their depression. It's something that defines them. Not to bum you out, but I'm just, just off the top of my head. Obviously your father was assassinated. Your uncle, the president of the United States was assassinated when you were a young boy.


Your cousin JFK Jr died far too young in a plane crash. You've had your own personal challenges and here you are on a mission, staying on the thing that you care most about the environment. Public health. You've taken a ton of incoming You know you've been demonized by lar large factions of the press. You never stop. You never stop. And I admire it. Okay, so let's, let's go and let's talk about vaccines. 'cause I know a lot of people, the, the reason a lot of people will dismiss the book on Fauci is the prior stance on vaccines. And when you say RFK junior to people, they say, oh, You know he's against vaccines. He hates the mm r vaccine. You know it's, it's saved millions of people. It's, it's helped You know so many kids and you have been critical of obviously the vaccine regime.


So for the record, where do you stand on vaccines like the MMR vaccine and other related childhood vaccines today? Well, I have never been any vaccine that is a pejorative that's applied to me in order to marginalize me and silence me. And, and as you point out, have people dismiss me as somebody who's irrational or crazy. What I've said is we should have safe vaccines. We have should have good robust science. We should have regulators that are independent of the pharmaceutical industry that is profiteering on the vaccines. And that's true. I started doing this work trying to get mercury out the vaccines and You know I spent, and that was real, I was very focused on that issue because Mercury clearly is a neurotoxin.


There is no, there are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of studies that show that it is devastating. It causes dramatic IQ loss. It damages every organ and it causes all kinds of brain damage. And that there's no safe level of mercury exposure. And the idea that we would be injecting mercury directly into babies You know I was suing at that time, this is 2005. I had lawsuit against I think 39 coal burning power plants and cement kilns were discharging mercury from the stacks. Mercury was, was getting precipitating out in the rainfall, getting into our fish.


FDA did a study in 2003 that showed that every fresh water fish in America had dangerous levels of mercury in its flesh. And You know, it occurred to me that we were living a science fiction nightmare where my children and the children of every other American could now no longer engage in the seminal primal activity of American youth, which is to go fishing with their mom or dad in the local fishing home and then come home and safely eat the fish. Oh, I've been trying for 17 years to get the mercury outta the vaccines. It's out of many American vaccines. We're still giving it to every African child and it's still in the flu shots, which are given to pregnant women, which is insane.


But You know, I spent 35 years trying to get mercury outta the fish and nobody calls me anti fish. So I'm trying to get mercury outta the vaccines. It doesn't make me anti vaccine. It's, it makes, if the vaccine works, I'd be the first one to take it. And I took flu vaccines for 20 years every year. All of my children are fully vaccinated. So the pushback that You know against that claim is on the mercury. Let's just start with that, that as I understand it, there are two types of mercury that we're dealing right with, right? There's, there's ethyl mercury in vaccines and then there's methyl mercury, which is found in fish.


And apparently You know methyl mercury is more of a potent neurotoxin. Then ethyl mercury is, which is said to be safer ethyl is than methyl. And the experts, right? The people on the other side of you that I'm using that term in quotes experts, but they say that ethyl mercury in the vaccines will exit the body much faster. So it's less of a safety issue than the methyl mercury you might find in eating a fish. They say that, okay, so that's with respect to, to mercury. And, and there's a guy, I'm sure you've read his piece. He's a professor of of pediatrics, director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children's Hospital Philadelphia, Paul Offit, who says, look, the human body will eliminate ethyl mercury that's in vaccines far more efficiently than it eliminates naturally occurring methyl mercury that's in fish.


So we're better at getting rid of the Ethel that they, that would be in a vaccine. They use it as basically a preservative so that the, that the vaccine is remains viable to give to you. So they say we're, we're way better at taking care of that ethyl mercury, our bodies. And they say, he says that a baby would receive far more of this methyl mercury during, during the first six months of life be than they would ever receive long before their first dose of say, the influenza vaccine. And saying that just simply by living on earth. He writes, by six months of age, babies will have ingested in an amount of mercury that is 1,440 times greater then the safety limit that you propose.


So in other words, even if we don't give the vaccines to the babies, or even if we take the mercury out of all vaccines, the babies are still gonna be getting this methyl mercury thanks to their moms and the way we eat and so on, which belies the claim that somehow the Ethel Mercury in the vaccines is somehow causing harm. Okay, so Paul Offit, who told you that knows that that's untrue. And the reason I know he knows it is because I had a conversation with him, which I record in 2006, which he admitted that that was a lie. And here's what happened, Megan.


And that claim that Ethel Mercury is quickly excreted from the body was made originally by Eli Lilly, which developed this I marisol the mercury preservative for vaccines in 1932. There was no science that supported them. They literally had no science then in 2000. But they were all repeating this again and again like a mantra. And in 2003, A CDC scientists called Pitch did a study that seemed to con to confirm that claim. And what he did was he measured the mercury levels in the blood of children who had been given a th aerosol vaccine.


And within a week the mercury, the ethyl mercury and the vaccines, that all disappeared. Then he gave the same children a tuna fish sandwich. And the methyl mercury from the tuna fish was in their blood 54 days later. That was the halflife. So his conclusion is, wow, You know we've been saying this for all these years, And, it turns out to be true. And he published that in pediatrics and a bunch of scientists like world authorities on mercury toxicity like Dr. Boyd Haley from the chair of the talk of the chemistry department of the University Kentucky, wrote a letter to the journal and said, well, what happened to the Ethel Mercury?


Because Pitchero could not find it in the sweat of the children. The feces, the blood, the hair or the fingernails or the urine. What happened to it? Did it really leave the body? So NIH commissioned a monkey study by one of the famous iconic scientist, Dr. Thomas Piro at University of Seattle in Washington or University of Washington, Seattle. He took Mac Cox, he did the same thing. He gave half of the macco tuna fish sandwiches. He gave the other half mercury vaccines the same level that our kids are getting.


And he found the same thing. That pitch did within a week. Mercury from the vaccine was gone from the blood, the mercury from the tuna was still in those monkeys 54 days later. But then when he sacrificed the monkeys, which means he killed them And it mercury content postmortem of their brains, what he found was that the mercury in the brains of the, of the monkeys who had gotten the ethylmercury from the vaccines was more than doubled what the monkey, what the monkeys had who had gotten the tuna fish.


Not only that, but the mercury had metabolized into organic mercury, which is the most toxic form of mercury. And we now know that 27 years later, it is still in the brain causing inflammation, causing destruction. So it's very clear that Ethylmercury is much worse for your brain than methylmercury. Why does Paul offit, Paul Offit told me the same story. This is something they repeat and repeat And it, and they all know it's untrue. And that actually that conversation that I had with them that I taped what, and And I hope it's some time to depose him on.


When I said to him, he said, well, Bobby and You know, listen, Paul often was very sweet to me on the phone. He said, I love your father. He said, I am, he said, your father is one of the reasons that inspired me to get into public health, et cetera. So I was inclined to really like Paul Offit You know I'm susceptible to that kind of flattery. And then he started saying things to me that I knew weren't true. And I asked him this question. I said, how is it that the CDC recommends that pregnant women not eat tuna fair sandwiches and yet they're giving flu shots and DT shots, the same women where the the mercury is not gonna be filtered out by stomach acids or by gastric fluids and the gastric processed directly into the blood and and much greater loads than you would get from Avir sandwich.


And he told me that story. He said, Bobby, it's 'cause there's two kinds of mercury. There's a good mercury which is ethyl mercury and vaccine and there's a bad mercury. The methyl mercury and fish And I knew at that time that I was being lied to. 'cause I knew a lot about mercury having litigated it, which is like getting a PhD. And I knew that there is no such thing as a good mercury and a bad mercury. His argument was not with me, it was with the periodic tables. And the periodic tables would beat him. So the the i the fact that he is And I confronted him. He, I said, how do You know it leaves?


He said, because there's a study by pitch arrow And I said Dr. ett, what about the Becker study? And there was dead silence with the monkeys. And Then he said to me, And I can play you this type. He said, you're right Bobby. The pitch arrow study doesn't really prove that it's a mosaic of studies. And I said a mosaic. Can you cite any of them? And he said, I'll get back to you. And that's the last I ever heard of Paul. Often he knows that's a pattern for You know. He was a lie by the way. Yeah. Mercury is cumulative and Dr. Offit is right. The kids have many exposures to mercury.


Vaccines are much worse. And we know this because of FDA's own studies, their internal studies that show that kids by their own regulations are receiving huge amounts of mercury. Hundreds of times what the EPA maximum safe exposures are repeatedly during childhood from these vaccines. But Paul is right that we're getting mercury from everywhere. You know this was not true in pre-industrial times. It was a source of mercury from the environment kids. We were not designed to for exposures to all these heavy metals.


We're getting them out because there's pollution all around us and there's dental amalgams and there's all these other sources. But we know they at the exposures are cumulative. Oh, what do You say? Saying, okay, so lemme jump in, lemme lemme jump in here and, and advance it because the, the bottom line is that in 1997, the FDA did a review of this thy Marisol, which has the mercury, which is what they put in the vaccines to preserve the vaccine. And the FDA found that the mercury level in the vaccine schedule was too high. The FDA found that they said they found no evidence of harm from the use of thiol as a vaccine preservative other than local hypersensitivity reactions.


And nonetheless, though, they nixed it from the childhood vaccines. I mean, so whatever people can draw their own conclusions about what the FDA really thought. But for whatever reason it came out or they said it came out. But as you point out, still in the flu vaccine, which is given to pregnant mothers, but of all like the MMR and all that, they took it out. They said there's no data or evidence of any harm caused by the level of exposure that some children may have encountered in following the existing immunization schedule. This is 1999 because the, the fear in the 1990s was that we upped, we you write all about this in, in your earlier book, but we basically had a situation where in the 1980s these companies could get sued.


These vaccine manufacturers could still get sued. And so one by one they stopped wanting to ma manufacture vaccines. I mean, this You know as a lawyer that has a way of happening. And so under President Reagan, we gave them immunity, basically said, you, you can't sue them anymore. We're gonna create a pot of money for victims to sue if they think they've been vaccine injured. But you can't, you really can't sue the, the vaccine manufacturers. So then they started to dev develop more, and then lo and behold, the vaccine schedule started to have a bunch more requirements for young kids. So your pediatrician in the nineties was recommending way more vaccines for your kid than back when I was born in 1970. And parents started to do it. And then in the nineties we started to see an uprise in the number of autism cases, cases of the au autism spectrum disorder.


And the question came from many parents, is there a link You know, did did I do something to my child when I gave him all these many vaccines more than have ever been required in a short amount of time? And then people started to look at the mercury and the vaccines to say, could that have been it too, too much You know, as Jenny McCarthy said, 'cause she's one of the parents who believed it happened to her child too many vaccines in too short a time. And they did study after study after study, after study after study. And what the medical community concluded, right? I'm not gonna say I'm not, I'm not a scientist. What they concluded is that Mer Mercury or no mercury, right?


Like mercury, no one's making the case that it's perfectly safe, but that they, it didn't cause autism that, that rise in autism could not be linked to th Marisol. And even when they took thi Marisol out of all these vaccines, the number of autism cases continued to go up. So they used that to say, You know the argument that they, that the vaccines in the nineties were causing autism in children is it falls apart when you look at what happened after we took it out, which is the cases kept going up. The reason You know they kept going up is, and, and the reason they were going up in the nineties is because we were casting a wider net for what would fall within autism and what wouldn't You know. We were, we were more awake to what that disorder looks like and we were slapping the proper label on it.


It wasn't anything to do with the vaccines. Okay, well those, you raised a number of issues there. And again, these are all classic industry talking points, but let's take them one at a time. Number one, the mercury was not removed from the vaccines in 2003. It was removed some from some of the pediatric vaccines, but at the same time, they CDC mandated for the first time or what they call recommended, but it's effectively a mandate vaccine flu vaccines for pregnant women and for children and every year of life. So the vaccines that they took out were vaccines.


They were giving 1, 2, 3, 4 times to kids and now they're giving kids vaccines every single year. And the, for the first 15 years, 85 to 95% of the VA flu vaccines had bolus dose of mercury, meaning 25 micrograms, huge doses, the maximum exposures one microgram. So they were getting it again and again and again. Furthermore, for the first time they were recommending flu vaccines to pregnant women. Next, the mercury when it was taken out of the other vaccines was replaced with aluminum. And aluminum is also very, very similar, very potent neurotoxin.


So now we're giving kids aluminum vaccines. And in the same wellness visit you are giving them a mercury flu shot. So You know the science on the impacts on autism are, are unclear and You know anybody who, who's looked at what CDC And, I H is and FDA's behavior during Covid understands that these are industries that are not doing public health. They're doing pharmaceutical profit promotion. Hmm. Look, go out and look at the, this doc, this movie that is now on Netflix called, or Hulu called Doze.


Yeah, we've seen it. We, we interviewed the creator is How FDA conspired with pharmaceutical makers to a addict, American children to opiates. 100% true. And so this is the same FDA and the same companies that are now killing 56,000 kids a year with opioids, more kids every year and were killed in the 20 year of Vietnam war with these are companies and and these are companies that are in the world that are in many cases, criminal You know Pfizer paid the work, the highest criminal penalties of any corporation in history. These are serial felons and they have captured the agency that's supposed to be protecting us from their behavior.


Well, Wait a minute. So lemme lemme pause here. I agree with, I, I agree that they're, the, the public health agencies have proven over the course of covid that they're nothing of the kind, that they are in bed with Democrat politicians and with Big Pharma and their behavior to this day. It confirms that in many ways, and we will talk about that. But, but on the subject of vaccines, if you go back, if they're so bad, right? It's like, then why aren't, why isn't everyone sick? Why, why don't we all have effects? Why don't we all have autism? And why, why did you give them to your kids? Stay tuned for Robert's response next. But first, we did reach out to Dr. Paul Offit on Robert's claim that he has Dr. Offit on tape, admitting that he shares concerns about Ethel Mercury in vaccines.


Dr. Offit confirmed that Robert did indeed once record him, but he told us if he said what Robert is alleging on that tape, Robert would have released it publicly by now. We followed up with Robert's team on his offer to play us the tape. They said he recently moved and that it would be difficult to find in time for our air date. Also regarding aluminum in vaccines, we spoke with one of our trusted doctors, Dr. David Dowdy, an infectious disease epidemiologist at Johns Hopkins, Bloomberg School of Public Health. He's been on our show before. He says it's important to remember that the amount of aluminum in vaccines is substantially lower than the aluminum. We inadvertently eat and drink and put under our arms and deodorant every day.


We'll be right back


For those of us holding our breath for the past several months, we can exhale a little in the wake of this election. Work can finally be done on the major issues this country's facing, one of the most significant being our national debt. The fact is we're broke and that debt in our nation is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. You might wanna diversify your savings. This is why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our president's control. So it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news is it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit. Plus, right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Protect your savings with Birch Gold Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And claim your eligibility for free silver today,


Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big Pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months this year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress Big Pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes. Hold Big Pharma accountable Pass corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P


On the subject of vaccines. If you go back, if they're so bad, right? It's like, then why aren't, why isn't everyone sick? Why, why don't we all have effects? We're why don't we all have autism? And why, why did you give them to your kids? Well, Because I didn't know, like most American parents, I didn't know. I just believed when my doctor said I wasn't in this space, I wasn't studying what was happening. If I had to go back, I would not. But here, here's the thing, Megan, is that You know it. We are to say the kids aren't sick. Explain what happened with autism. You just said it's simply not true. That we're just noticing it more. You mean we missed it before?


That's not from me, that's from the experts. Right? I know it's not from you. I hear it all the time. But missing autism is like missing a train wreck. You can't do it. Listen, I was raised, I, I'll tell you a couple things. One, we have gone the autism race, which You know the scientists in the forties and fifties were as smarter, smarter than the scientists today. They knew what they were looking at. The first scientist to ever see autism to identify was Leo Canner in 1934. And he's said nothing like this has ever been seen before in science and will never be seen again. It was genuinely rare. I was raised in You know in the heart, at the spear tip of the movement to provide people with children with intellectual disabilities rights.


My Aunt Eunice, who was my godmother, started Special Olympics 10 miles from my home. I worked there every weekend when I was a kid as a hugger, a coach from when I was eight years old. It was called Camp Driver. Then we changed it in 1968. The Special Olympics I did because of my families emerging. The part of our DNA is You know is serving the community of, of people with intellectual disabilities. I spent 200 hours during my high school years at WASA Home for the retarded in upstate New York as a helper.


I never saw a case of full blown autism You know people back then. You had a quirky uncle or somebody who didn't have social skills, a full blown autism. We never saw, we didn't see it in Special Olympics. We prided ourselves on being able to accommodate every child no matter how debilitating their disability. So even children who are functionally vegetative, we could put them on a platform and and have them teach them to, to push a beanbag off onto the ground and people would cheer for 'em and make it a good event. The kids had kids. Who are these kids that we're seeing with autism that are nonverbal, non toilet train, screaming, biting, headbanging, violent toe walking, stemming.


We never saw kids like that in the sixties and seventies. We just And I today. To this day, I have never seen somebody my age, 68 years old who has full blown autism. Where are they? It's Okay, but wait, but but let me, let me ask you, because I know you as an environmental lawyer have to this day say there's all sorts of things in the environment that may be poisoning us You know how you could, I'm sure you could give us the list right? To, to make a link to the vaccines is, is a bridge too far? Say there Actually a doctor out there who has made that list? Because you have to, what happening is Congress at the EPA? And by the way, there are many, many studies including the, the Mind Institute at uc Davis commissioned by the California legislatures to answer the very question that you just asked.


Could this be a You know changing diagnostic criteria? Could it be an expanded knowledge of diagnoses? The answer they've said persistently one after the other is no. Whoever told you that from the industry is, knows that this is true. That No, no. I'm saying I I've read your book And I know. You say why? Why wasn't Dr. Fauci studying things like corn syrup? You know, like just other toxins. Well, whatever about corn syrup, but other toxins in the environment, right? Exactly. So here's what Congress said. Congress at EPA and EPA A is not a public health agency. So it's not part of HHS. All the other ones are N-I-H-C-D-C and FDA.


And they're all in the pocket of pharma. But EPA is in the pocket of the oil industry, but they don't care about pharma. They said, Congress said to EPA tell us what year the autism epidemic began. And the EPA scientists came back and said, it's a red line. 1989. What happened in 1989? As you pointed out, we passed the Vaccine Act in 1986. We gave immunity from liability to all the companies. There was a gold rush because suddenly the biggest cost of producing pharmaceuticals and marketing pharmaceuticals, which is downstream liabilities, had been eliminated. They also didn't have to do upstream testing. So two of the biggest costs were gone.


Plus they don't have to do advertising and marketing because the product is mandated to 76 million American children. So it's a dream product for them and they can charge basically anything they want. It was a cold rush. And they added all these new vaccines to the schedule. And people, when they think of vaccines, think of polio and smallpox and the miracles of eliminating those. But these were You know many of these diseases, these are completely unnecessary to vaccinate against. Things like that are not even casually contagious like hepatitis B that you get from You know unprotected sex with You know or from, from using, from sharing needles, Measles That to a day old baby and yet rot virus, hepatitis B, all of these other You know.


So-called diseases that are just on the schedule because the vaccine companies can make money from them. What about measles? Me? Well, the MMR vaccine never had mercury in it. Lemme just tell you what happened. Tell you, and I'll answer that question too. Okay. The, because it's a complex issue because the measles vaccine definitely eliminates measles. You know our clothes eliminates it. There are breakthrough cases. So first of all, there's a number of questions you have to ask. It was measles a killer disease? It clearly was at the beginning of the century.


In 1963, it was killing only 400 kids a year. Mainly they were kids who were, who had malnutrition or some other devastating comorbidities. A lot of them were black children in the Mississippi Delta. This is before we had the poverty programs. And You know my father went down there and found a severe malnutrition like you'd see in Africa or or South Asia. Those were the kids who were dying. It was the, the death rate was one in 500,000. So two in a million. It was very, very small for measles. And the measles vaccine You know, started in 1963.


It never had th AOL in it because it's a live virus vaccine. We had. And that in and in 1999, CDC did a study, an internal study, because of what you said a few minutes ago that many, all of a sudden in, in the beginning in 89 You know, we went ultimately from three vaccines that I have a kid that I took as a kid to the 72 doses of 16 vaccines that my children had to take. And in. And this began in the nineties. And in the nineties, people started to seeing this explosion of neurological disorders.


And. it wasn't just autism. Autism went from one in 10,000 or three in 10,000 depending on what studies you follow to one in 44 kids today. Yep. But not only autism, all the neurodevelopmental disorders, the A-D-D-A-D-H, ADHD speech language like ticks, I never heard of ticks when I was a kid. Had 11 brothers, 70 cousins, never knew anybody with ticks, narcolepsy, A SD and autism v allergic disease suddenly appeared peanut. I never knew anybody with a peanut allergy. I do, five of my seven kids have allergies, eczema, asthma, which we had, but it's now one in every four black children we never saw.


I get all that. But that doesn't prove causality. Oh, you talked to anybody who's my age. These are all new diseases. We went, I get it. When Tony Fauci came into office, 'cause this answers your previous question, why aren't we seeing sick kid? We are. And Tony Fauci came into office. 6% of American children had chronic disease. Okay, but that doesn't prove causality with vaccines. I Do that by 2006. 54%. Now you make the point. Or many other exposures besides vaccines. Our kids today are swimming around in a toxic soup. And I don't just work on vaccines.


I work You know I was part of the trial team in the Monsanto case. I work on pesticides, I work on OIDs, I work on PFP faas. I was on the trial team that tried the dark, the Dark Waters case. And Mark Ruffo is now in that movie. I do, I do EMFs. All of these different exposures that began on the same timeline. So Phil Landrigan, who's probably the most famous toxicologist in this country, Mount Sinai in New York, made a list of 11 cul potential culprits of toxics that became ubiquitous in 1989.


Following that, that timeline became, you have to find something that impacted every demographic in this country the same year, which You know from Cubans and Bi Bay to Inuit, Alaska. There's only a small number of those. And it very easy. So you can identify them. And he did. And one of them, the potential is the vaccines. I think all of them. I think these impacts and what the science shows all these impacts are cumulative. And our kids today are sick because we are bombarding their immune systems with these toxics that they simply cannot handle. Vaccines is part of that story. And it's probably in my view, the largest single cause.


Although all of 'em are very big. Now in 1999, CEC was also alarmed by the same thing that you described with the parents. So they decided to do an internal study of their own database, which is called the Vaccine Safety Data link. It is the, it's the medical records including the vaccination records of 10 million kids from the 10 biggest HMOs. So it's all the cumulative medical records from all those HMOs and are all housed in one place. And they studied, they said, let's see if these mercury vaccines are causing autism. Oh, they look at one vaccine, they can look at every vaccine record And.


then they can look at your medical claims to see if you You know had seizure disorders or allergies, or if you have an autism diagnosis, they can do a cluster analysis and they can look for associations. They looked at the hepatitis B vaccine, which is loaded with mercury during the first 30 days of life. Kids. They looked at kids who got it during the first 30 days. They compared them to kids who did not get it during the first 30 days. Who got it later or didn't get it at all. And here's what they found. The relative risk of smoking a pack of cigarettes a day for 20 years and lung cancer is 10.


This was 11.35. They knew Is that, is that because of th Marisol that Was causing from thy Marisol? And this is what the story that got me involved because they, they pushed the panic button and they had a secret meeting. They didn't wanna do it on the CDC campus 'cause they thought it would be susceptible to freedom information requests. So they did it in a remote Methodist retreat center on the banks of the Chattahoochee River in Norcross, Georgia, And, it was called Simpsonwood. They had a two day meeting with 52 individuals including all the major vaccine companies, regulatory agencies that administer vaccines, W-H-O-C-D-C-F-D-A-N, nih, HHS, and the leaders, the leading academic vaccinate vaccinators.


So the people who basically conduct clinical trials and, and make hundreds of millions of dollars for medical schools around this country. And the first day, and somebody make and recorded that meeting. We don't know why. We don't know if they knew they were being recorded, but I got ahold of the transcripts in 2005 And. it is horrific. It's a nightmare. Any of your listeners can Go to our website see zero Children's Health Defense and read those transcripts and make up your own mind about what happened. And you see the gers of the American healthcare System, these regulators who are supposed to be protecting us the first day they're looking at the science and they are saying, it's bulletproof.


It, we are causing autism. I want the audience to be aware of the FDA and the National Institutes of Health. The CDC, the American Association of Pediatrics, and several other agencies have concluded. There is no evidence that th Marisol causes any harm. That there's none that it causes any harm. They removed it from vaccines anyway. They say as a precautionary measure. They also are concerned about the resurrection of measles. In 2 20 15, nearly 200 Americans were second with it. And that's a disease that we had eradicated 15 years earlier as a consequence of parents not vaccinating their kids. As you point out, it's a disease that could be potentially deadly. You've al you've made this claim before about this horrific conference in which they confessed, oh, You know it's causing os autism.


We gotta bury the, the data you wrote about it in January, 2011 article that was in Rolling Stone and Salon. It's since been withdrawn by salon altogether. Rolling Stone had to offer a bunch of corrections. It removed it from its website as well. And your, your allegations spurred an 18 month investigation by a US Senate committee that found allegations of CDC misconduct were unsubstantiated. And they concluded that there was no coverup. It was a two year committee hearings by Senator Burton at the Government Oversight Committee. And he found that there was a, and that vaccines do cause autism. So You know anybody can go You know, don't trust me, not listen, anything I say about the science, you shouldn't trust me.


You should go do your own research. And I'll tell you You know the research that I'm relying on and you can go make up your own line. You also should not trust C-D-C-N-I-H, the American Association p or Academy of Pediatrics, which gets 80% of its money from the pharmaceutical industry. FDA gets 45% of its budget from the pharmaceutical industry. CDC spends 4.9 billion if it's $12 billion budget. I get it. I I'm not gonna argue with you that those organizations are bought and paid for. We we've seen that. But, but I gotta ask, but let me but let ask you just lemme just no, but no, no. Lemme ask you. No, let me ask you because the same more the, the, the parents inside those organizations vaccinate their children.


The parents who work for Pfizer stick the needle in their kids' arms. Like are they willingly hurting their children? Like why, why would they all be giving the MMR and the vaccines that had thi Marisol in it? You, you're alleging sort of a vast government conspiracy to force these vaccines on us from these politic, from these health quote unquote officials who knew it was unsafe, but yet they gave it to their own kids. They can go look at the movie Dope Sick and you'll answer. I Watched it, You'll answer your own question. The, the, the doctors in that movie, That's different. They weren't sticking their kids with, with opioid Opioids. They were giving their patients and their children opioids because they believed what FDA told them.


We'll pick up the conversation in one minute. But first, a note on the exchange we just had about that Simpsonwood conference on thy Marisol in 2007, a US Senate Committee on Public Health did investigate allegations that this meeting established the dangers of thy Marisol and that the CDC came up with a plan to cover up those dangers. The committee found that quote, allegations of a coverup are not substantiated. Instead of hiding the data or restricting access to it. CDC distributed it often to individuals who had never seen it before and solicited outside opinion regarding how to interpret it. The transcript of these discussions was made available to the public.


The Senate report went on to conclude. Simpsonwood participants generally agreed that the dataset was weak. It was difficult to assess causality and further study and investigation were warranted. Now, the author of the original hypothesis that th Marisol might be linked to autism went on to conclude in phase two of his study that the original results being discussed at Simpsonwood could not be replicated. By the time he reached that conclusion, he had begun working for GlaxoSmith Klein, which makes vaccines. But the Senate Committee believed that his findings were in earnest. Also, when Robert made reference in our conversation to Senator Burton, having concluded that there was a coverup, he was actually referring to former Congressman Dan Burton.


Burton did hold many hearings in Congress over this issue because he firmly believes that by Marisol contributed to his grandson's autism. We'll be right back


Looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an awesome gift, beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. It's so unique, right? And it's tasty and handcrafted. This is perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. It's not your typical salt. It stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild. That would be me to wow, that could be you. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm Hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays. There's always a chance that they're gonna run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift. But don't wait too long or you might miss out. Firecracker Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful and unforgettable. Get yours today at Firecracker Farm dot com.


Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big Pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months this year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big Pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress Big Pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes hold Big Pharma Accountable Pass Corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P


Meta's. Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all, everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


What I would say is there's a small group, And I can tell you the names of the people within CDC within FDA with NIH, who know what they're doing and are doing it. Anybody, but as a small group. But everybody else, because of the way the medical system works gets subsumed in that orthodoxy. And it's very much the way that You know the Catholic church reacted to the pedophiles scandal. There was only a handful of priests relatively, who were raping children, but, and nine outta 10 priests who weren't, weren't. But all of them, the priests, the monsignors, the bishops, the archbishops, all the way up to the Vatican became trapped in this orthodox subsumed in this orthodoxy that we need to, that this institution is so important to children, to peace, to all of these other good things that the people who are getting injured are collateral damage.


How does it happen? And it's exactly the phenomena that you're talking about. And I think they do a really good job in the movie Dope Sick of showing how good idealistic, high-minded, patient oriented doctors ended up giving this poison to their patients, to their, I Understand I got Because they believed the regulators and You know Americans. Are I, No, I got all that And I mean. I don't even think you have to Go to dope sick. I don't even think that's your best example. I think you're, you're better off. Okay. And you tell me Because Yeah, no, I think that what's happened during Covid with all these doctors and all these organizations writing articles about how masks are the key to our safety, which completely fell apart.


And all the medical professionals who wrote that, this 100% did not begin in a lab, but it came from You know some animal source, which we've never found despite testing 80,000 animals. Right. Well, how did, how did Fauci get all the doctors to go along with that? He's got a lot of influence. I get it. I get your point. However, the reality is, the studies on this saying there is no link between the vaccines and autism. Any of You know from the MMR or otherwise come not just from the United States. They come from the uk, they come from Canada, they come from Denmark, they do come from the CDC, they come from independent physicians. They come from the, the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. I could go on. It's a worldwide conspiracy to stick needles in the arms of babies, irrespective of the catastrophic damage we could be causing to them cognitively.


Let me tell you what the National Academy of Science is and the Institute of Medicine, say a You know, pull off in all those groups that you talk about have studied two things. One vaccine, which is the MMR vaccine. They've only done one kind of study, according To you, that's problematic too. Epidemiological studies, which are very easy to fix. They don't do bench trials, they don't do animal trials. And they've studied one ingredient, And, I, Marisol. But when we sued them, they admitted that the, that all the vaccines that are given during the first six months of life, the ones that are the only ones that could be related to have two You know birth autism, that they've never studied a single one of them.


So you show me a study of the MMR vaccine, the TTP vaccine, the HI vaccine, and I'll concede to you, you cannot show me those studies. You can only show me the one study in one kind of study, which is the MR, and they deliberately restricted. And by the way, those people, all those studies that you're talking about from all over the world, look who funded them two groups or three groups, welcome trusts, which is GlaxoSmithKline, the pharmaceutical industry, or NIH, they're being funded by people who are funding them in order to cover up the association.


And you can easily design particularly epidemiological studies, studies. You can, you can conceal the impact to small subgroups of vulnerable populations. It's, and that is epidemiology 1 0 1. Everybody knows that. And that's why they do those studies. And they don't do other studies. I mean, I, I understand. I get where you're, I get what you're saying. I, I also understand that many medical professionals, my own on up will say that the risk of flu to children is far more significant and dangerous than the risk from any minuscule trace of thy Marisol in the vaccine. And you can also get the vaccine without thy Marisol in it now.


And So unfortunately, the people who get the ones without the thy Marisol are wealthy people who know to ask the questions. The thy Marisol vaccines are sent to poor black neighborhoods where You know there's no political power. There's no power for them to ask or to object or to get an alternative. And they're sent by, they're sent to 161 million children in Africa annually. So this is a, this is You know a, an attack on the war. And You know, listen, I just wanna point something out that people should understand. When you hear that the science says this because CDC says it or 'cause my doctor says it or 'cause FDA says it.


That is a, a, a debating technique that is known as a logical fallacy. It's specifically known as appeals to authority. So instead of showing me the scientific study, which you cannot show me, that shows that flu vaccines save more lives and they cost, you cannot show me a study that shows that I can show you many studies, and I've written about this. It is on our website. It's in the Dear Sanjay Gupta letter. You can go through each of those studies and you can link to the study in preeminent journals by independent scientists, universities, research centers all over the world.


You cannot show me a study that says, that shows that the flu vaccine actually hurts more problems than it causes. You cannot show me that study. You show me that study, then I will walk away from that issue. I know, but every time I say And I, listen, I understand. I've seeded to you the point that the CDC is not necessarily a public health organization, but that doesn't mean that everything they've ever said is wrong and that we get to discard every single study that they've done. You know there are hundreds of millions of people who have gotten these vaccine vaccines who are perfectly healthy, perfectly healthy in part thanks to the vaccines. They're not walking around with measles. They're not walking around with flu. They're not walking around with rubella. They don't have Hep B.


Those are good things. The vaccines are not all bad. Just because we have suspicions about some of them, and in particular the covid vaccine, it doesn't mean we can. And because you started the, you started this Bobby by saying, I am not anti-vax, you started it by saying, I'm not, and then you cited as evidence of that, the fact that you had all of your chil, well, let me finish. You cited as evidence of that, that you had all of your children vaccinated. And then when I said, well then if you have all these concerns, why did you have your children vaccinated? And you said, well, I didn't know any of this back then. So the fact that you had your children vaccinated does not suggest you are not anti-vax. And listening to you now for an hour, you sound very anti-vax to me. Well, let me say this. And I, like, here's my bottom line.


Show me or call all of these guys who you talk to on You know, call off and and the other people and, and ask them to show you a scientific study for each vaccine that shows that this vaccine is averting for harm and it's causing, that's all I ask for that. They say the study show no linkage of harm. Of harm. That's what they say. They show no linkage between autism and the vaccines or any other Look at, look at health outcomes. Okay, lemme, can I give you an example? Well, I really kind of wanna move on to the Fauci book. So I mean, I, I think the audience, well, listen, listen, I think the audience has a feel for your position and that of the CDC and the other authorities.


They can make up their mi their mind at this point. Let's advance the discussion. Okay. With respect to you And, then they could read the book and they should read both of your books up next, Robert f Kennedy Jr on Dr. Fauci Bill Gates. And whether he thinks the Covid pandemic was fake, his answer might surprise you. Next, Next up in our discussion, Dr. Anthony Fauci. In his book, Robert writes several chapters about Dr. Fauci finances. He's not the only person who has done deep dives on this. Recently, former Forbes reporter, Adam Anky, wrote several articles on all the money Dr.


Fauci has made while working for us, the US government. We fund him and them from pay raises and big bonuses to royalties and investments all added up. He reports it's several million dollars Dr. Fauci has received in return for that reporting. Adam says he was fired by Forbes, but Robert Kennedy says he does not think Fauci ISS main focus is money. So I asked him, what is it? I would characterize Anthony Fauci as kind of the, the preeminent architect agency capture of the, of the transfer of N-I-A-I-D and also its parent agency NIH, from a public health agency to an agency that is primarily concerned with drug promotion, with drug development and drug promotion and partnering with the pharmaceutical industry on profit making enterprises.


Does he personally make a profit through this? I I would say that that is the least important factor in, in this You know, in this problem. But look, what's his motivation? Legally? Legally He can make money. And he does. There's, we know at least one patent. He has any product that is developed by NIA, by N-I-A-I-D. Anybody who works on that product that he designates can get a patent margin rights on that product that entitle them under the federal rules now to collect $150,000 a year for royalty for life.


So he has four of his top employees who each have margin rights, patent rights, royalty rights for the Moderna vaccine because we paid for, we put a US taxpayer through Fauci put in $1.5 billion, now 2.5 billion to develop that vaccine. And I h claims half of the vaccine to own half of the vaccine. So it stands to make billions and billions of dollars. The agency, but also high level individuals, influential individuals in the agency. People who are very loyal to Tony Fauci can get awarded through Fauci the rights to get to, to collect lifetime royalties on those, on those products.


And you get, and they make hundreds and hundreds of products. They develop hundreds and hundreds of products. And all of those are potential profit making enterprises for people, high level people within NIH. Okay, but you're, you, you don't seem to be alleging that that's really his motivation For No, I don't think That's his motivation. Is it power? Like what's the motivation? Power? I think it's power. Yeah. I You know what Megan, one of the things I really tried do in the book is to never look into his head and never or Bill Gates his head or any of the other people in the book and say, this is why they're doing it. 'cause I don't know, I don't know what motivates them, what I do, my job is to document their conduct.


And if you look at his conduct time after time after time, he does things that are consistent with making profits for his partners, which are You know the, these pharmaceutical companies and that even at the direct and clear expense of public health. Hmm. What can you talk about his relationship with Bill Gates? 'cause I'll tell you at on the Lunatic Fringe with respect to the lunatic fringe You know, there are literally are people in the country who think that when, if you get the Covid vaccine, they're injecting a little bot in your arm that Bill Gates created that's going to monitor you and report information back on you to Bill Gates.


Now that's crazy town. But that's not to say that Bill Gates has absolutely no connection, certainly to vaccines Big Pharma or Anthony Fauci. So can you talk about the, that relationship between the two of them? And by the way, the You know the, the, the idea that these monitoring chips are in the vaccines. I have never promoted that and don't believe that to be true. But one of the stories I tell in my book is that You know that, that WHO with Gates's influence support participation administered a million vaccines to Kenyan women that designed to sterilize them against, without their knowledge and against their will, pretending it was a TEUs program, but included in the TEUs vaccines without anybody knowing that human gonadotropic hormones, which interact with tetanus toxoids as a essentially a chemical castration drug for women.


And he gave that to WHO gave that to at least a million women in Kenya. And they had similar programs in Nicaragua and Mexico and the Philippines, which, which clearly they were doing that although we don't have the vials, we got the vials from Kenya. So we know what they were doing. And they've admitted it. They've a, I mean, no, they've admitted that they secretly sterilized African women against their will and without their knowledge. Here's And I would urge you to read this chapter in my book. They've admitted that there was human gun at first denied that there was human gonadotropic hormone in that vaccine, which there's no reason it should have been.


And then admitted that there were, but if you read my book, you'll read that for 20 years, WHO has been spending tens of millions of dollars developing these sterilization drugs to surly give women. Now You know this sounds paranoid, but they've published papers on it. Well, they've, I mean, as you've already, as you already established, that doesn't mean anything. Yeah, no, no. I'm saying WHO has published, its has paid researchers to find ways to chemically castrate women Against their will and without their knowledge.


Well, it, we don't know. Well, that's an, that's a relevant factor. Some, some women put, get an IUD put in. Some women get their tubes tied. Of course, All I can tell you is from the papers, it's just saying, these are studies that are developing drugs. They're saying, here's how this works. And we test it on people And, it works. And then when it came time for them to give, to use those products that WHO spent all those years developing, they gave it to a million women surreptitiously without their knowledge. So the papers don't say, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna sneak up on 'em and ambush 'em.


The papers say, here's how you develop this vaccine and you hide it in a tennis vaccine. And then when it actually came time for them to do the program, they did not tell the women. And they were caught by the Catholic Medical Association of Kenya who noticed that, first of all, usually when you give a TEUs vaccine, you only give one dose and it's good for 10 years. But they were told to give five doses in six months, which made the doctors the Catholic Catholic Medical Association say, something's wrong here. And. it was only given to women of childbearing tears, women from 14 years old to I think 34 years old, which was weird because men also get tetanus, or there was no tetanus outbreak at that time.


That's when the Catholic Doctors Association got a hold of the vials and they tested them in half a dozen different labs. And they all came back, or most of them, not all of them, but most of them came back and said, yeah, they contained this drug. Look, I understand And I have read your book, And I, understand there are plenty of all allegations in there speaking about what Bill Gates has done in Africa and the number of people who have been hurt or killed by experimental vaccines that he's, he's behind. What I also understand is most of the experts who look at this and work with the Gates Foundation or with Bill Gates say he's saved millions of lives with the vaccines that he's pushed. Let's, let's put it in context.


He, he has been testing medicines in Africa sometimes with success and sometimes not in an effort to improve public health over there. This is not, there's no evidence. He's some madman who's out there on a quest to kill women, African or otherwise. You can attack me personally, which is what they do or ignore the book. But nobody has found a single factual error in my book. The book is 230,000 years at words. It has 2200 footnotes. Every factual assertion has cited and sourced a peer-reviewed publications or to the government databases and You know if they want it. If they really believe that I was saying something that was untrue, why not come out and say what it's, and nobody's done that, that The WHO and Kenyan authorities have, have both said that the claim about sterilizing Kenyan women using the tetanus vaccine is incorrect.


That it u it's not fact-based. And the UN Health Agency says the vaccine is safe. Okay, for the record, the World Health Organization has dismissed that the presence of HCG in the vaccine is a problem. They've confirmed that it's safe. I understand you reject that, but this is what they say. They say the vaccine has been used in 50. Explain why it's In there. Wait, let, lemme just finish. They say quote, the vaccine has been used in 52 countries to immunize a 130 million women to protect them in their newborn babies from tetanus. This is from WHO in November, 2014. There is no HCG hormone in tetanus toxoid vaccines. And they go on to say that the Kenyan health authorities, they, they say the allegations that describe this is a problematic or a deadly vaccine is a, are are baseless, not backed by science, scientific evidence.


And Ill intended to cause fear and despondency among Kenyans in the uptake of much needed essential health services. Go ahead. Have they explained why the HDH was in the vaccine? There's no reason to put it in the vaccine. Initially they said it's not in there, and now they're saying in the current ones it's not in, but they admitted that it was in the ones that the Catholic Doctors Associations tested. And they could not, they said, oh, it's in there, but it wasn't put in there to sterilize women. And it's not in large Enough. And they say it's safe. I mean, and they, and they say that the vaccines are safe and that they're there to protect women and their newborn babies from tetanus.


So I mean, look, we're out on a thin read talking about the intentional sterilization of women in Africa without their consent or knowledge. The evidence is very well documented. You're suggesting there was an intention to sterilize women without their consent. They spent 20 years studying the inclusion of HGH and Tetanus vaccines is a way to sterilize women. Then they included HGH in a tetanus vaccine program that they gave to a million women without telling them, oh, You know you can try to connect whatever dots you need to or not. Let's move forward. Your, one of your principle beefs against Fauci is the way he handled the AIDS epidemic, which is something he's been universally lauded for.


And we've had folks come on this show and raise issues before about how he, how he handled, in particular the drug a ZT and, and drew draw parallels between his fey to that drug above all other treatments back in the eighties when treating HIV and his fealty to the covid vaccine at the expense of all other treatments in the past two years. So what does, what does that tell us about Dr. Anthony Fauci? Well, I, again, I think it, it speaks for itself. You know, A ZT was horrendously toxic.


It was regarded a, it was developed originally by the National Cancer Institute as a chemotherapy drug And. it was regarded, it killed all the rats when they gave it to them. So, oh, You know chemotherapy drugs will kill you. Virtually a hundred percent of Mark gonna kill you. They're designed to kill human cellular tissue. The hope is it will kill the tumor tissue before they kill the rescue. And so when you give somebody a chemotherapy drug, it's only given for a couple of weeks. And then You know, they look at what's happened to the tumor and what's happening to you. And, but this drug was regarded as so horrendously toxic that, that they threw it on the junk pile and they didn't even patent it.


And then You know when AIDS came along. Of course, what they do when they find a new virus is they take all of these different compounds and they have Petri dishes full of the virus of live colonies, And, then they put the You know they put a dropper of toxic compound onto the Petri dish and see if it kills the virus. If it kills the virus, they now have an antiviral drug. But they also have to find out whether it kills the human and You know. And with the A ZT or rats with the A ZT, it was, again, it was regarded as so too toxic to used for a two week course for chemotherapy.


And GlaxoSmith Klein found that it did kill HIV virus. And so they You know, spearheaded this effort. They were called borough's welcome at that time. They spearheaded this effort to, to get it approved. And Tony f Chief, because he did not know at that point, N-I-A-I-D had never developed a drug. It won this, it won jurisdiction over HI over aids. Originally the can National Cancer Institute, which knows how to develop drugs. That's what they do. They inherited aids because the, the initial signal for AIDS was KA sarcoma, which is a cancer, so into the National Cancer Institute.


But then when Luke Monteer said, wait a minute, we found HIV viruses and 47% of the men who have aids, maybe the virus is causing the aids. Tony Fauci used that to say, this is an infectious disease. It's not a, it's not been caused by toxic, it's an infectious disease and therefore it should come to N-I-A-I-D, national Institute for Allergic Infectious Diseases. He didn't, unlike National Cancer Institute, he did not know how to develop a drug. So it made him very dependent on GlaxoSmithKline. And that really was the beginning of his permanent association with drug companies.


He, he needed to develop a drug fast GlaxoSmith, he put GlaxoSmithKline on a employees and, and, and loyalists on all of the committees and approved new drugs or experimental drugs. And they kept everything out of the competition except for their drug And. then they rushed it through and Tony Fauci helped them rush it through. They used a, a number of fraudulent tricks to get the drug approved. The drug was killing a ZT was killing everybody who took it in the study group. And what Fauci did, and Burrows welcome did, is they started giving the people, they were giving a ZT, they started giving them blood transfusions to keep them alive.


And when you give somebody a blood transfusion, it makes them, when their, their, their bodies filled with toxic chemicals, it makes them healthier and longer lived. And the only reason those people survived a six week drug trial was because they were getting these transfusions. And then he got the drug approved. It You know on very, very little evidence and, and clear, clear safety signals. And that drug You know, according to critics, killed 330,000 people over the next 10 years. So when by the time we get to You know more present day, Anthony Fauci write in the book that he kind of went, not underground, but he kind of got quieter and left the national scene for a number of years and was running this organization and became a king maker and controlled a bunch of money.


And You know there was utter fealty to him as there still is in this public health industry. So then you write that there You know, we had a couple of, not real pandemics, but we had other problems with You know bird flu and some other things and earlier SARS issues. And that he sees opportunity when, when those things happen, he sees an opportunity to what, because you, you, you argue that he sort of saw the ultimate opportunity with COVID-19. Oh, And I, ID if You know what one of the things I talk about is they history of both CDC, And, I A ID by the middle of the 20th century epidemic, infectious diseases, debt mortality from infectious disease has essentially disappeared.


And it dis it disappeared, not because of vaccines has now claimed it disappeared because of, primarily because of nutrition, better nutrition, better sanitation, chlorinated water, electric refrigerators, road systems, reductions in overcrowding. And the, and I'm, the reason I say this is not that you should believe me, but the CDC studied this question in the year 2000 along with, with Johns Hopkins. And they, they looked at the question at the claim that vaccines had something to do with the reduction.


This profound reduction in 80% reduction in mortalities from infectious diseases since the beginning of the 20th century. And the scientists from CDC, and you can read this study, and Johns Hopkins, you can read this study in pediatrics And it, it's called Guyer, GYER 2000 a guyer at all 2000. What they concluded is that vaccines had practically had virtually nothing to do with this profound reduction in mortality from a, from infectious diseases. The disease were disappearing, the, the not the disease themselves. People were still getting measles. They just weren't dying from it dying.


But the mortality that disappeared because of these engineering improvements and what was happening at CDC, And, I A ID, is they were losing relevance because very small numbers of Americans were dying from infectious disease. And the Reagan administration and its budget director in 1982, David Stockman, were actually publicly saying that we should abolish CDC and You know, as I point out the book, there was memos going around saying, we need to figure out infectious diseases to make ourselves relevant again. And so You know, what I show is that there's a series of fake pandemics that were done in 1976 right after Johnny Fauci came to NIID.


There was a swine flu epidemic, another, a bird flu epidemic that was fake in 2005, I think only one person died and there was a fake swine flu epidemic in 2009. Each time they gave the vaccine company's immunity from liability. And they sold You know tens of millions of dollars worth of vaccine to unnecessary vaccines. Many of them caused profound impacts. And then the vac, the ze pandemic was a fake pandemic there. You know Tony Fauci, who was claiming that psycho called mi caused microcephaly, which is a, a smaller head any alarm You know, caused panic around the country.


People were terrified. They were advising women not to get pregnant. Psycho was coming to America. One, somebody from his agency actually made a March madness chart of all the fact of all the phony pandemics that he has been drumming up over the years. And the, the, the triumph on is covid on that. Then I reprint that in my book and his signatures at the bottom of the page. So You know that was, it's a, it's something that they've done again and again and again over time that it may makes that agency relevant.


Okay, so you, you don't, well you tell me is was the COVID-19 pandemic fake? What do you mean fake? It was, there were people dying of COVID-19 all over the world. It was a pandemic. It was a genuine pandemic. Okay, that's what I'm going for. 'cause you, you say these other ones were made up and this one You know we've got upwards of five, 6 million people dead. So you, you agree this one was real and we needed somebody to manage it. But the question is whether he was the man for the job. We'll continue our discussion with Robert next, but first wanted to let You know that we did reach out to the Bill Gates Foundation regarding the claim that their vaccine efforts led to women being chemically castrated.


Their response to us was quote, these claims are false. End quote. We'll be right back. Next up in the discussion we talk about how Dr. Fauci and other public health leaders have misled the public about the origins of this pandemic. You will hear Robert reference Dr. Ralph Barrick in his lab at UNC Chapel Hill. He says Barrick had an issue with creatures escaping from his lab and people knew it. And according to a 2020 Pub ProPublica article, that's true. Kennedy also claims here that the United States Agency for International Development, or U s a ID is actually a front for the CIA according to the New York Times.


That's true. The organization was quote at times used as a CIA front in the past and Dr. Fauci once getting a 68% pay raise. You'll hear that too. That's correct as well. But it was for Biodefense and not for bio weapons work as Kennedy is about to claim here. And those two things according to our experts are not one and the same. Alright, back to the conversation. I have another book about to come out called Wuhan Coverup And. it shows You know the, it shows that Dr. Fauci, along with other people with dietra, with a defense threat reduction agency with the CIA through U s a ID was pumping hundreds of millions of dollars into the enterprise, developed pandemic super bugs that could cause pandemics.


And they were keeping them in areas that they all knew they were certain to escape. Oh, You know. And there's memo after memo after memo that says the Wuhan lab is, You know is a place where first of all, the bugs were escaping from all their labs at Galveston at North Carolina. I think his, his biggest fundee, Ralph Barrick, had eight or 10 escapes. And ouch. He gave him 147 grants, separate grants, tens of millions of hundreds of millions of dollars. Why? Right. Why is he doing that when this guy can't, can't keep the bugs contained? I'll Tell you why.


I'll tell you why he was doing, I mean, I I can explain again, I can explain the chronology. And I can explain some of the possible motivations we had signed, Nixon had signed the, the bi allowed biological weapons convention in 1972 that made it illegal that handles or or develop any kind of biological weapons. But there was a loophole in it. And the loophole said, if it's a dual use research, you can do that. Meaning if it's defensive. So a lot of the research that you use to develop bio weapons is identical to the research that you use to develop a vaccine or it can be.


And so the Pentagon wanted to start doing this kind of research, but it was, it was worried that the public would not believe that the Pentagon was doing all of this bio weapons research in order to develop vaccines. It just didn't seem plausible. So they outsourced it to Tony Fauci and they gave him a 68% raise, which is one of the reasons today he is the highest paid person in the history of the federal government. He makes 434,000 a year and the president only makes 400,000. That's crazy. So he gets more than the president or the vice president. And a lot of that is money that's coming from his military weapon, bio weapons function.


Yes. So He began, they began pumping 1.7 billion into, he already has a 6.1 billion budget on top of that, they gave him 1.7 billion to begin developing bio weapons. That is now at 2.2 billion. And he then distributes that to different labs, You know around the, the country. And in 2014 re of the bugs escaped three bugs from US Labs escaped dangerous blood bugs or were found You know in very, very dangerous places, including smallpox. And the, and 300 leading bio weapons experts, including Mark Lipic of Harvard and Richard E. Bright from Rutgers were kind of the leading voices in that space.


Signed a petition, 300 people to Obama, asking Obama to shut down Tony Fauci experiments because he was going, because they were feared that he would release a pandemic. And Tony Fow and they, the Obama administration issued a cease and desist order to Tony Fauci. He defied the order and he continued doing the experiments at Ralph Barrack's labs, which were the worst experiments because he was developing, he was engineering these gain of function bugs in ways that nobody had ever devised before.


But he moved a lot of his operations to Wuhan where they would be out of sight of the White House. And he laundered the money through this You know zoologist called Peter Dayak. Yeah, Yeah. Our audience knows him. And they, but at the same time, he was giving millions of dollars every year. But the big money was coming from U s a ID, which is You know, a well known as a CIA front group. And from Dietra, the defense at production agency as well as millions of dollars from BARDA and arpa, which are all connected to the US military.


And they were all, and Just to pause, pause, just to pause and interject, that's backed up by the fact that You know, thankfully now we've seen thanks to the Intercept and some other folks who have gotten FOIA requests and information that this EcoHealth alliance was trying to hit up Anthony Fauci for money, for gain of function. And when they couldn't get it directly, they went to darpa. They went to the defense agency saying, how about from you all that's been out now. So there's there's proof of everything you're saying. Keep going. Yeah. So, so then they began, You know, the, the, the Chinese were already doing these kind of studies and they, Fauci had been doing them since 2002.


He, he had funded a study by a scientist called Kuo where they had taken a mouse virus and made it so it could not infect mice, but it would infect and kill cats. Oh. It was like an, it was a gift to the mouse community. But, but in doing that, he had proven that you could do these cross engineer, these cross species transmission and people were really freaked out about it. And they did a lot of other sketchy experiments. He ended up in China. The Chinese government was You know, the US government was saying, we're not really doing weapons development, we're really doing vaccine development.


The lead scientist was Shingle Xi, who was called the bat lady. Yep. And Ralph Farrick, who is Fauci favorite funder from the University of North Carolina, started ex exchanging examples with her of spike proteins and teaching her and working with her about how to take the spike protein from how to remove the spike protein that affected that bats and build a spike protein that had this furin Cleve site that could attach to human lung cell And. then they tested it by, they were breeding mice, humanized mice that had human lungs and they would give it to the mice not only to see if they could kill the mice, in fact, but also to see if they could get the mice to cough and infect each other.


And they succeeded in doing that. And then, then he did something You know. So, but Tony Fauci can still say, what I'm doing is for medical purposes, we're developing these things. And I, we're gonna develop defense against them. He funded one study that put the lie to all of that. He, he funded Ralph Barrett to develop a technique called seamless lation. And that is a technique for hiding the engineering project. So you could normally, when you do that kind of engineering, you can see it and you can say that bug was created in a lab.


He developed a way of hiding all traces that was developed. And he taught that to the Chinese scientists to shingles. And that You know there is no public health. It is the opposite of what you would do if you were interested in public health. It's the opposite. If you're interested in public health, you would make sure that any kind of tampering you did like that had red flags all over it that says, we made this thing, teach it how to teach people how to hide that only has a nefarious purpose. And that's because he was getting so much money from the defense department. Like he had to keep that money flow.


And I don't look again, Megan, I don't look into his head, I just what the facts are. He was getting the money, he was doing these experiments. And I can show that he knew that something had to escape this lab because not only, but Ralph Bar's lab is famous as the most protective, the the best protocols way beyond federal protocols, way beyond any protocols that you use in the world. Ralph Barrick is famous. He brags about it, other people brag about it. And yet on his lab, he had at least half a dozen escapes, You know mice that were infected bid people and infected them, et cetera.


So there was a lot of disasters. So they knew the Chinese labs, the Chinese weren't even using their BSL four lab, which is the highest level. They were making these things. And BSL two labs, the State Department was writing letters as the embassy officials in China inspected the lab and wrote these alarm letters saying, there's no protocols here. There's no personnel, there's no safety. You know something. We know something's gonna escape. And every lab there's escapes from, and this lab, it was clear. And so You know if you, if you're a guy with a long history of taking part in fabricating pandemics You know, I guess it's plausible that one way of of creating a real pandemic would be just to do these, A lot of these experiments in a lot of different places where You know something is bound to escape.


I'm not saying he did that because I cannot look into his head. And I'm saying it's something, it's the consideration that You know. We know that he knew it was there were improper safety protocols and that He was Well, yes, but that's where you, but you lose me on You know the suggestion. I understanding you're not in his head that it was intentional. I just, that's, that's suggesting he's a, he's a sociopathic lunatic. I agree with that. And I withdraw that And I. I And I didn't say that. I think if you re replay the tape that I said, it's plausible to imagine that this might happen. But again, I withdraw it and it's something that I don't do in the book. I don't speculate. I just tell the facts.


And I don't ask You a question. Okay, I got it. I got it. So, so let me ask you this, because we covered this on the show, but there was the moment after we saw the first few cases and they, the virologists started to look at the virus. You know, they got their first look at it and there was reporting that the, that he Fauci and Francis Collins, who was then running N-R-N-A-H, they had a conference call with all these maybe 12 top virologists in the world. And they said, let's take a look. You know, what do we think this is? And that virtually all of them came into this call and the the notes reflect that saying, this is manmade, this looks manmade, looks like it's from a lab.


And then miraculously days later, after four days later, yeah, four days later and after who knows what communications with Fauci and Collins behind the scenes, they all did a 180 and they all stand behind that 180 to this day. It was like, and yet they have failed to share with the rest of us. What was it that changed your very strongly held opinions? That it was manmade to this very strongly held opinion, which they were now calling racist. That it, they were calling the manmade theory racist to, to change it. 180 2 no, no, no. Definitely came from an animal zoonotic origin. Even though to this day we have yet to find the animal.


They've examined it, as I said earlier, 80,000 animals haven't found it. Yeah. Megan, it's also noteworthy that all of those people on that telephone call were receiving, were, were, we're doing work at the Wuhan lab or we're receiving money from Tony Fauci from NIH that You know and not just a little money tens millions of dollars and, and more, Yeah. Or from Welcome Trust, which is the British version of the Gates Foundation. And You know, it's kind of a, an almost like functions as an arm of the, of the pharmaceutical industry.


It's, it's essentially the GlaxoSmithKline stock portfolio. And, and even more interesting, almost all the key players on that phone call who then took part in, in creating all of this literature out there that You know that, that characterize suggestions of Labley as a, as crackpot conspiracy theories Fringe gone off Instagram You know for saying we, the Congress should investigate this. Oh, virtually all of them following their publications in the Lancet and Nature Medicine received huge, huge grants from Tony Fauci.


I mean, grants of You know 30 million, 40 million I think up to 60 million. Kristen Anderson, I, I don't remember exactly what he got, but it could have been as high as $60 million spent after he performed that very, very important task for the You know, for the Medical Cartel and the, and the orthodoxy. We checked that too. That they not only had they received grants beforehand, they grant, they, they received them after their miraculous and as yet unexplained 180. So it, it goes to a larger point that you make in the book, which is that there's the, you call it the medical cartel, but there's no daylight between Anthony Fauci and his group and Big Pharma.


And there there needs to be, Yeah, I mean, people ask, how do you fix this? And You know that's what you need. You, you need an independent regulators. We need regulators that are not getting money from pharma, that are not You know, doing pharma's bidding, but aren't really working for public health. And the American people that are using real science. Listen, you can go in the, you could go in the public health records for Kaiser, the HMO records. If, let's say you're a young associate professor at UCLA medical school, you wanna do a publication and easy publication would do, get a hold of the Kaiser Permanente medical records, a depersonalized version.


So you can't tell who the people are and then look at the vaccine records and look at associations with subsequent diagnosis for autism or a DD or, or peanut allergies. If you try to do a study, propose a study like an NIH is gonna find out because they fund everything and You know, it's likely that the dean of your medical school will get a call from Youwalk and Gloss or You know one of o of, of Tony Fauci other operatives saying, You know, don't let this, don't let this clown do this study. Or it's gonna put 50 or 60 or a hundred million dollars in annual funding from NIAH to your medical school in jeopardy.


Oh, he You know he between him and Gates and welcome Charles Jeremy Ferra, who was up to his neck in Wuhan. They provide 64% of the biomedical research on the planet. If you are a young researcher, a scientist You know a professor in a medical school, they have the capacity not only to make your career, but also to ruin it. And that's the way that they control not only the scientific studies, but that get done, but also the outcome of all those studies across the planet. And You know they're, they're what Fauci has done, what he's supposed to do, that kind of study.


Instead, what he does, he spends the bulk of his budget developing medications, which they then farm out to the university to do phase one, phase two and phase three trials. And the university could make a hundred million dollars on one of those trials. Plus it gets royalty rights to the drug they're developing. Then when it, so N-I-A-I-D takes royalty rights. The university takes royalty rights. The principal investigator who is the professor at the university who's running the clinical trial, recruiting the You, know the volunteers. He may get $15,000 a volunteer in grant money and then he gets royalty rights.


And then the pharmaceutical industry comes in for the phase three free. And they then own the bulk of the patent. But they're sharing royalty rights with all these other players. So everybody is now corrupted. Everybody is making money on this drug. And the people who are supposed to be telling us, does the drug actually benefit people or is it just making money for pharma? Those people don't exist Up next RFK on why Dr. Fauci seems obsessed with making sure all of us get the covid jab again and again and again.


His theory next. Well, you make the related point that Fauci has managed to populate the FDA, the CDC with all of his loyalists now, which would explain so much of what we saw over the past two years. Yeah, because, and if you look at how these drugs get approved and recommended, they're not actually being approved by people who work at FDA by FDA employees. There are committees, one of them is called the VER a committee inside of of of FDA and then the ASIP committee and CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization practices.


And the FDA committee approves the drug and then the CDC committee recommends it, but they're not made up of employees of those agencies. They're recruited from outside of those agencies. And almost all of 'em are recruited from the pharmaceutical industry, or they're academic investigators who are funded by Tony Fauci. Tony Fauci gives away with his military budget, he gives away a total of about $7.7 billion a year or more, maybe 8 billion. Now NIH gives away 42 billion. And Tony Fauci has a lot to say about where that money goes.


So it's just, it's vast amounts of money And. it buys a lot of erta. And that's the problem. Okay. There's another point you make in the book that is fascinating to me. If we, if there's, if we know one thing about Fauci, it's that he is obsessed with telling us to get vaccinated, obsessed. No matter what you ask him, it, it comes back to get vaccinated, get boosted, boosted, boosted. We need more, more and more, more, more, more, more, more. And You know, a lot of us have wondered what why. Right? Why? And you make the point in the, in the vac in the book about how it's been the vaccine over any therapeutics. You know this is why you claim he had to shame hydroxychloroquine had to shame.


I ivermectin it was like, no, it has to be all about the vaccine. But I I had never considered or You know read about what you posit in the book, which is, and I'm quoting by vaccinating the entire population. Dr. Fauci seems to be striving to eliminate the control group to hide vaccine injuries. This is your opinion. I understand that. But that's a very interesting theory because we know, we know from firsthand testimonials we've had on this show, on other shows, people have been injured by the vaccine. Not everyone, obviously hundreds of millions of doses have been given, but some people have been severely injured and almost to a person, their story ends with And. I was dumped from the clinical trial and my result was not reported.


And the CDC went totally dark on me after acknowledging to me privately that I had a vaccine related injury. Right. So we, we know injuries have happened, And, I, and yet other than Vaers, which I know is not that reliable 'cause you just self repo report and who knows, we don't have something like a completely trusted database that's keeping track of the vaccine injuries that would help us truly understand the level of risk. And And I think this is a fascinating theory. We, and there there won't be is basically what you're saying because he, he's trying to get rid of the group that doesn't, that didn't get the vaccine. So we have won't have anything to compare it to. Well, that's You know it.


It's again, that's a a there, it's hard to explain it sort of bewildering to explain why are they, even when they know that the vaccines do not prevent transmission, the vaccines do not prevent people from getting the disease. Why is there this single-minded obsession with forcibly vaccinating people with a, with an experimental product? Well, and let me just jump in. And they know, they know that large, large groups that they're demanding get it, are at virtually no risk from it. You know like the young children. So, so even Yeah, go ahead And yeah, I mean people who really, who get no benefit from the, from the vaccine, it doesn't make any sense.


And there's a number of, number of suppositions about why they're doing this and that's one of them. I mean, it's a product that doesn't work. It's a product that You know you, you get a three, Well you can't say that, right. I don't, I don't think, I think that's a bridge too far. I mean, you're 65 years old, you get the vaccine, you have a far less chance of getting severe illness or dying. That's what they say. And I. I don't know whether that's true or not. I know that the va, I mean Tony Fauci has been edit the two claims they made from the vaccine at the outset to justify the program was that prevent you from getting sick and preventing transmission and therefore ending the pandemic. That those are not true.


It doesn't work. Yeah. Against transmission And. it does not reduce it at all. As far as the science is Concerned. Well, I'll say in their defense, and I'm, I'm anti mandate, but I will say in their defense it worked better at preventing transmission on the original variant, the original form than it, than it did as Delta came and then Omicron came. I mean if you look back, like during the first variant, they were saying, we think it's gonna prevent transmission. We're not sure it's gonna prevent transmission. But it was doing better against that very first variant. Yeah, I mean you may be right about that. I'd have to go back and look at the data, but, but right now, I mean we're not dealing with the new variant. It doesn't work against Omic Omicron transmission.


It doesn't work against Delta. And we know, I know it doesn't work against Delta because the Philippine studies that show that you have an equal viral, and Tony Fauci has admitted that. So I don't know And I can't say And I think we're gonna find out over time, hopefully whether it actually does function in the way You know that we hope it does to prevent vaccine injury and death. I I'll say You know. Explain to your listeners that there's a, that people wonder why did we need to suppress Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine? These are well-established drugs with well-established safety profiles that have had billions of doses have been given.


Ivermectin is a human drug. It You also works on horses, but it would won the Nobel Prize because it works so well on human beings. Tony Fauci problem was this, there's a little known federal law that says you cannot give an emergency use authorization to a vaccine if there is medica, any medication approved for any purpose that is shown effective against the target disease. So if Tony Fauci or anybody had admitted that hydroxychloroquine or Ivermectin are effective against Covid, it would've been illegal for them to give the emergency use authorizations that's to the vaccines.


Fascinating. And they could never have gotten them approved And. it would've been You know, a 200 billion enterprise that would've collapsed. That is fascinating. I mean, I I have been covering this very closely now for all of the two years. That's the first I've heard that, that, I mean, I in your book. So he would not have gotten emergency use authorization for the vaccine. If it, if the medical community had been saying Ivermectin works, it is an effective treatment for Covid. Well, the medical community, a lot of it was saying that, I mean, there's 17,000 doctors who've signed a petition and there are You know there are so many peer reviewed publications now that consistently say that.


But he had to aggressively crusade against it to kind of drown out those reports by saying it's a horse medication, it's You know people are taking it and it's dangerous and it's overdosing. People and You know, well Why did he keep saying it? Why did he, why did he keep saying it after he got his authorization? Well, one, even if you have the emergency use authorization, is it, the law appears to say you can't have it anymore if there's a functioning medication, You know that may be why. Again, I try, I try not to look in his head, but I do. There's a very, very strong incentive for him to kill Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine and You know, there there many doctors, including Harvey, reach of Yale as one of the leading io statisticians, epidemiologists in the, in the world.


Peter McCulloch, who is the most published doctor in the history of the world in his specialty, Peter Corey. These doctors who who've treated tens of thousands of, of covid patients successfully, they consistently say, and the science supports this, that half a million Americans did not need to die. It should be noted for the record, you're not a medical doctor, don't claim to be Anthony. Fauci is a medical doctor who's, as far as we know, never treated a covid patient. So just for the record, I wanna ask you though, 'cause you mentioned the fact that you got bounced off of Instagram where you had a very healthy following, I think a million people or so, correct me if I'm wrong on the numbers, but you got bounced off of there for saying we need to investigate a, the, the lab leak theory.


You've been, I think you're number two on the White House is quote, disinformation doesn't. So we've had a very strange situation where you have government action to try to silence a private citizen from expressing his viewpoints, which is, I mean, totally contrary to the First Amendment. And everyone seemed to roll over and say, yep, okay, fine. As as long as we're shutting up RFK Junior, that's fine. That, that's, that's okay with us. 'cause he's You know anti covid vaccine or he's raising questions about the Covid vaccine. So I wonder how you feel now that some of the claims that You know you were making have borne out, right? Like the lab leak theory now is you're, now you're allowed to talk about that and You know some of the questions about Ivermectin now people are talking about Ivermectin as a serious thing and so on.


We could go down the list. What do you think about the censorship you've en endured? Oh, that, I mean, to me, Megan, that's the most disturbing feature of this. And that is where we will pick it up tomorrow with part two, the efforts to silence Robert the personal toll it has taken on his marriage to Cheryl Hines and why he refuses despite all of it to back down, here's a preview. When your spouse is on the side of the p the other people You know you've done wrong. Right? Because your spouse is rooting for you. Yeah. Well my spouse is, is generally rooting for me. But lemme tell You know, I I wanna say this.


I You know I encouraged Cheryl to publish that statement. In fact, I asked her to do a same thing that was much tougher than that, really? Which, yes, because, and I'm glad she didn't. I'm very glad she didn't. But I actually gave her language that was much, much higher than that because she needed to distance herself from me. I, my job at her husband is to protect her. And the, the arrows and the bullets that were being slung at me were hitting her my activities to be jeopardizing.


This thing that this incredible person put together was just like, I felt like my job as a protector, And I was doing the opposite of my job. So my heart was breaking And I was You know I would've done, had taken any blow to make sure that she could distance herself. Plus he shares the one moment that has always stayed with him after his father's assassination. Before we go, we wanted to let You know that we did reach out to Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Ralph Barrick neither responded to our request or comment. Remember, you can download the Megan Kelly show on Apple, Pandora, Spotify, and Stitcher and help support our reporting and shows and interviews like this by doing so.


also@youtube.com slash Megan Kelly, again, download and subscribe to the show there that will help support us, keep us on the air and make it possible for us to continue bringing you shows like this. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.


Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big Pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months. This year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big Pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress Big Pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes. Hold Big Pharma accountable Pass corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P


For Mervis Diamond Importers. This is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, KO stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. Ko no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous mervis diamond with your KO engagement ring, it says even more mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now, don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of Koori bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamond.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's Mervis Diamond. Dot com or 800 her love Mervis Diamond Importers, your official to Corey Jeweler.