
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, coming to you live from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where it is the final day of the Republican National Convention, which has been a banner week for the GOP and President Donald Trump. So far. The grand finale is just hours away, and former President Trump will take to the stage to formally accept the Republican presidential nomination tonight. This comes, of course, just days after he survived an assassination attempt, which we all witnessed in front of our very eyes, and yet we're getting left wing loons.


Her suggesting it didn't happen. It was set up by Trump. We'll get into some of it. It's exactly three weeks to the day right now, since that debacle of a CNN presidential debate And, it changed everything about this race to this day. It is truly remarkable to think about all that's happened since then, just three weeks ago last night, however, belonged to Mr. Trump's vice presidential running mate, JD Vance, as we've discussed on this program all week, Mr. Vance's personal story is positively remarkable, uplifting, and a true example of the American dream. So it made it all the more poignant to watch what happened on Wednesday night when he paid tribute to his mom. Beverly, we talked to you about Beverly earlier in the week when we went back over my long form interview with him and talked about Hillbilly Elegy.


It's, it was not an easy pass between these two, Beverly, her husband, her abandoned jd when he was just a baby. She had no money. She had a lifelong drug problem. She brought man after man into j D's home, and some abused her in front of jd. There were just a lot of troubles, and that's not unique to JD Vance. There are a lot of Americans who have childhoods just like that, and a lot of them don't make it outta places like Appalachia. But JD ultimately was raised more by his grandparents. His mother was loving and stayed involved, but his grandparents took the lead. And last night, his mom, Beverly, with whom he's managed to continue having a relationship despite her addiction.


But she's 10 years clean now, was there, she was there as her son delivered his first primetime speech as former president Donald Trump's running mate. What a moment. Take a look. Our movement is about single moms like mine, who struggled with money and addiction, but never gave up. I'm proud to say that tonight my mom is here 10 years clean and sober. I love you, mom.


Shady, Shady, Shadys, mom. Shady. Not shady. Not shady. And, and, and, you know, mom, I, I was thinking it'll be 10 years officially in January of 2025. And if President Trump's okay with it, let's have the celebration in the White House In Milwaukee. I don't know if, if you've ever had anybody in your family who's an addict, you look at j d's mom and you, you know what he's going through. She's had a rough life. Can you imagine what it was like for her to stand there and see her boy up there as the potential next vice president of the United States?


She, you could, she could see her. You could see her saying, that's my boy. That's my boy. And good for him for elevating her in this way, despite the difficult past. Over on the Democratic side, it looks like this could be it. We could be nearing the end of President Biden's reelection campaign. I mean, it could come at any hour despite his assurances that he's in it for the duration. That's not true. The damn breaking over the past 24 hours. And how, as we learned, Democrat after Democrat, now encouraging him, you gotta drop out. And shortly before we came to air, a report from Axios said that top Democrats are privately telling Mr. Biden that the rising pressure quote will persuade Mr. Biden selling Axios will persuade President Biden to decide to drop outta the presidential race as soon as this weekend reporting that it's not a question anymore of if, but when


one Texan doctor with zero big pharmacies is sharing a breakthrough medical discovery. And it's about taking charge of your health. No flashy big promises. He's focused on results. He says, A unique protein can strengthen your bones, ease joint, joint comfort and discomfort, minimize wrinkles, and improve digestion, all by working in harmony with nature and your body's God-given resilience, no chemicals, no weird additives or scary side effects. And some users are reporting significant improvements in just two weeks. This Texas doctor is giving you up to 45% off this protein@nativepath.sale slash mk right now with thousands already experiencing the benefits and over 4 million jars sold. This is not a trend. It's a commitment to Genucel wellbeing. And here's the best part. Every order is backed by a 365 day money back guarantee. I've never heard of such a thing because your satisfaction matters. Wanna embrace a healthier, more vibrant you with stronger bones and more mobility well into your golden years? Consider checking out Native Path sale slash MK now to claim your exclusive discount of up to 45% off.


Joining me now, one of the people who knows the ins and outs of the Trump campaign better than almost anyone. He too delivered a remarkable speech last night. Donald Trump Jr, the former president's son and host of the Triggered Podcast, great to have you back, Don. Great to see you. Good to be here. Megan, how's it going? What a moment. Last night, It was great. It was the whole, the whole thing. This whole week has been spectacular after a, let's call it a rather rough weekend. Yeah. That, that was pretty brutal. The, the warmth, the love. It. It just, it's coalescing here and, and you just feel it. It's palpable. What a difference between 16 when the, the party was more divided. Republicans were like, we're not sure about this guy. You know, we wanted somebody who was more mainstream establishment.


Yeah. And now, eight years later, they've fallen in love with your dad. It it a hundred percent reversal. I mean, I, there was still, remember there was gonna be like a, basically a proxy fight on the floor. I mean, I literally, in 16 in Cleveland, I literally almost got in a fist fight with Mike Lee, Senator Mike Lee of Utah. Oh wow. On the floor. 'cause he was doing the cruise thing and they were trying to sort of, you know, get the ballot. And like, this is now someone I text with probably daily. Like he's become a good friend. But like, we were literally almost in a fist fight. Now I see that, you know, these people, they get it. People, JD was similar, right? Yes. Didn't love the idea of Trump, didn't believe that he was gonna do the things. He had sort of bought into the media narrative. And then when he started seeing the X, he goes, I was wrong.


Right. Not just, I, okay, fine, I'll accept him. Reluctantly it was, no, I was wrong. This is great. This is what we need to be doing. So I Understand. People are like, it's, it's fake. He just said all of that so that he could get nominated as vp. I look at it, I say I wasn't a huge fan of Donald Trump back in 16. My own evolution on him is authentic as they come. Why can't we believe that it might be? And I have nothing to gain from that. Correct. Nothing at all. Yeah. I'm not gonna be vice president. What? I mean, why can't people believe that he actually saw him govern, he saw him bring a different set of policies and said, you know what? I'm persuaded he has the better argument. A hundred percent. I mean, And, it was funny 'cause I, you know, I read Hillbilly GY when he came out. That was J D's, you know, story. The, the book If, you haven't read it. You, you have to. 'cause the, the story is, you know, much more than you could see in a half an hour speech last night.


It's, it's absolutely incredible. And I was like, like, that's a guy we need to run for office. Right. You know, it's not the sort of the typical checkbox thing. Like yeah, he went to Yale Law, but he went to the Marine Corps out of high school. Yeah. It wasn't like some of the people we see, well, I serve because, you know, I went to Yale Law and then I did my obligatory service so that I can run and become a politician and say that I'm a veteran. And, you know, that's fine too. But to me it's different. And to most of the veterans that I speak to, it's different just enlisting and doing it that way. So it was such an amazing story. So when he was like negative on Trump, I was like, it was like, I was like, oh no, this is a guy that should be with. And then started coming around and coming around. It sort of met, I don't know, a co you know, a while ago now towards the, I guess the end of my father's term, talking a lot, hanging out, became good.


Like really good friends with him. I was like, we gotta, we gotta figure out how to do this. And when he decided to run for the United States Senate, I sort of went all in for that, for him in Ohio. And then, you know, in this sort of VP race, it was a, it was really interesting 'cause you have all these sort of powerful forces that are not necessarily well intentioned, right? Yeah. It's like, you know, like, you know, the war mongers. It's like, we must have someone who can balance Trump. 'cause we have to keep the forever wars going. I'm like, I don't know. Well, I saw my, my best clue that it might be that it was gonna be JD was you on your show saying, oh, sure. You know, we'll pick somebody who's like a NeoCon and that'll be the best insurance that my dad gets impeached within two minutes. Yeah. I said, you know, some of these guys, I was like, you know, not, not even the final three, but I'm looking at some of the list of the people that were, they were pushing, you know, when the establishment is pushing him as the hope, it's like, you know, my father's hand would come off the Bible and impeachment.


You know, it's like the hand has not quite left the Bible and the swearing in ceremony on January 20th and the, the articles impeachment would be filed. But now it's not gonna be, I mean now this is a legacy choice. This is, and for me it was also an important component to have, you know, JD 39 have, have someone young, but that can carry sort of that America first mantle. So we don't just revert back to the failed policies of sort of establishment lose NeoCon, war mongers Yeah. America first, you know, to keep that going. It's not about my father, it's not about me. It's about a movement for America putting us first. And you heard a lot of that, obviously in my speech last night. I thought JD did an incredible job. But that's so critical for me. Like I, you, I'm not a politician. I don't, you know, I don't, I don't do this for a living.


It's not, I just care about our country. You know, my father does. That's sort of why he got into that. And I guess in 60, oh, it's about Trump. And you can see it's really not at this point. I mean, it's about all of those people. It's the people who've been left behind across our country. It's the people who, you know, have been shamed. Because as we were sort of discussing before the show, don't believe that, you know, trans women are also women. Right. You know, and by the way, may not even care, but just don't want to hear about it endlessly and don't wanna have to and don't want them taking over our don to every locker rooms. Yeah. They don't have to bend the need to like ever changing pronouns and don't want them competing against their daughters for scholarships, you know, in sports common sense.


Yeah. It's about common sense. So this, as you reference, has been quite a week Yeah. For your family. It's amazing. It hasn't even been a week since the assassination attempt. I it feels like a long time. Yeah. Can, can we talk about the lunatics who are saying it didn't happen, it was staged. He has no wound on his ear. He shouldn't be wearing that bandage. They, all of which I've heard on M-S-N-B-C, CNN this week, yeah's real, like these are, they, they're not just lunatics on like, you know, daily cos Yeah. Some Twitter handle, you know, lunatic 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 underscore hashtag Michael Steele, Joy Reid, many people on CNN as well. Oh, well, there're out there. Oh, we have Joy Reid. Let, lemme play over and then I'll get, and then let you react.


We still don't know for sure whether Donald Trump was hit by a bullet, whether he was hit by glass fragments, whether he was hit by shrapnel. We don't have those details. We actually have no details from his physician. Even we knew almost nothing Why we know that three people were shot. One person unfortunately was killed at the rally. We don't know where they were sitting or standing relative to him. We don't know why for nine full seconds, Donald Trump was allowed to stand back up and pose for a photo. What is the actual injury to Donald Trump's ear that's under that bandage?


Shouldn't we know that by now? It's weird. And there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of curiosity about it. Why isn't the New York Times like aggressively pursuing his medical records? It's just weird. This is a sick person. Truly. I mean, I'm a little upset that she got rid of the Trump wig that she's been wearing for the last couple of months. Yes. That sort of true. I'd always felt like, I'm like, he's really in your head. Like you even adapted his hairstyle. But no, these people are, I mean, they're morons, but they're also just sick. I mean, it's like, I, I saw a couple of these takes. Like, well, he wasn't shot enough. I'm like, wait, like how, how much more do you want him to get shot in the face? Other than Seems pretty obvious. A lot more. Yeah.


They, they want him shot a lot more. And so, you know, and I have heard from people who have seen it. It didn't, was pretty messed up. And by the way, we all saw it. Yeah. If, like, I saw it, You see the picture, there's blood all over his face. You could see whatever Above on His ear. Yeah. It, I mean, he was hit and like does Okay. So the bullet intended for him, if it did, even if it did hit glass and the glass didn't hit him and fit that doesn't count was Bullet intended for. Yeah. It doesn't guess what, you still get a Purple Heart If, you get hit with shrapnel. Right. It's a, but New York Times has pictures of the teleprompters. They're a hundred percent intact. Yeah, they're fine. It, it wasn't, I mean, I don't know what it was. It looked to me like it was a bullet. What It was is a divine intervention. Yes. When, when I see that, and you know, for me watching that and watching the takes and I mean the dumbest take I've seen in the last, just this morning sort of scrolling was, you know, if Joe Biden recovers from Covid, that's the same.


That's her too. That, that, that's the same as, you know, Trump getting up and recovering from a, I want to drop the f bomb moment. Okay. Yes, you can. An F-ing gunshot. Yeah. It's not the same. Can I show you? We, we, I'm gonna show the show is that's that Joy Reid moron again doing this. But with Jen Psaki watch, Here's the question that I have on that. These two men are both elderly. Donald Trump is an elderly man who for whatever reason was given nine seconds to take a iconic photo op during an active shooter Situation. Here she goes again, weird Situation. We'll figure that out one day. But his survival of that and, and bouncing right back and going right to his convention is being conveyed in the media world as a sign of strength.


This current president of the United States is 81 years old and has COVID, should he be fine in a couple of days? Doesn't that convey exactly the same thing? That he's strong enough older than Trump to have gotten something that used to really be fatal to people his age. So if he does fine out of it and comes back and is able to do rallies, isn't that exactly the same? It it should. I mean, it's not exactly the same. It's not same incident incident, but it's all, it's an elderly man coming through out of an illness. It should, It should. The the desperation, you know, the, the, the false equivalences that, that they're trying to do.


I mean, it, it's literally, I don't know what else to say. It's like I you, you, I feel Like she's wishing Joe Biden got shot And then Yeah. So Had your dad's moment Became same strong, but like, you know, talk about them. Just how about Trump can walk? Yeah. Trump is capable of going up a flight of stairs completing a sentence. It, it's, it's not the same. But, you know, the, the desperation is amazing. It's just sad that this is happening. I mean, I dealt with this on the floor on Monday. My brother and I, you know, we're Florida delegates, I think Laura was as well. And we got to cast the vote, the deciding vote, the 125 delegates of Florida. We got to cast those votes to throw my father over the threshold to make him officially the Republican nominee.


And so we're about to do this sort of, you know, big deal thing for a family, for just history and legacy, political tradition, whatever it is. And like 30 seconds before we're doing this, I'm, I'm getting assaulted by this M-S-N-B-C reporter. Yep. That is like, so is Trump gonna bring back the hate and the vitri? I go, well guys, that was you. Like you, you said Trump created chaos. But Russia, Russia, Russia was a concoction of the Hillary campaign. And you guys ran with it. We have it. You still run with it. You, you guys, you guys lied about these things. You lied about Russia, you vilified Americans. You called everyone a Nazi for the years. Like, you know, Trump have has to respond. You can't just back into a corner and give up. I know you'd like him to do that. And I was just like, and he goes, well you put kids in cages.


And I was like, you mean the Obama cages? And he lost his mind. Right. It's, it's either he was too stupid to know that that was actually factually correct. That this was an Obama program. And by the way, I guarantee it's a hundred times worse now under Joe Biden given the border crisis. But, or he was just incapable of intellectual honesty and his job as a regime propagandist. That's, it wouldn't allow that. It's probably both. I think he's, I mean, this guy was clearly a moron. John, lemme tell you, I, I was like, you're a clown. When I was at N bbc, he came on my show during the Kavanaugh hearings and actually said that man's been credibly accused by at least four or five women of sexual assault. And I said, that's absolutely untrue when we got into Avanti and his lunatic clients and the gang rape.


Absurd. How'd that work out? Yeah, exactly. I was no longer there. Yeah. But that's who he is. Yeah. I mean this left, you handled that. It was like an example in how to handle leftist media. Yeah. But I'm right in his place. And. it was, you know, everybody was standing up and cheering you 'cause we're sick of the media doing this. Oh yeah. I think it was the most viral clip actually of the day. Someone told me they'd hit like 70 million. Like, 'cause it, but Can I, do I let, let's just show it. Sure. Because now the audience wants to see it. Let's watch it. What is that change gonna look like? Don? What practically your father as president, I think you would even say, was it divisive figure? What's it gonna look like in the second term? I don't think he was a divisive figure at all. I think the media created divisiveness around him. They lied about Russia. Russia collusion. They said he was a traitor. They went after him in every which way as possible.


If the media actually starts being an honest broker, talking about the things that he did, the prosperity, he brought the peace deals that he signed around the world, rather than the disaster that we're living right now. I think you'd do everyone in the country a big favor. I Know immigration's important to him. I covered the family separation crisis closely. When we continue to see policies like separating 5,000 children deliberately from their parents. You mean The Obama administration? You know, they didn't do that, sir. Sure. Will there be a second family separation policy? It's M-S-D-N-C. So I expect nothing less from you. Clowns. Even, even today, even 48 hours later. You couldn't wait. You couldn't wait with your lies and with your nonsense. So just get outta here. That was so well done.


He's not an honest broker. Not even a little bit. And you know, again, to the 48 hour comment, that was Monday. Right. So my father had been shot in the face 48 hours before. And you know, I I think that Was thanks for the well wishes. That was the most restraint I'd ever showed. You know? Yeah. Another guy in another situation sort of talks to me like that and that kind of situation. You know, He's a divisive figure. Yeah. And he, and he is trying to be, but that's the point. Like, they couldn't even wait to try to change the narrative. You know, they, they, they'll pretend this week that they hadn't been calling everyone in, in that convention center a Nazi for the last eight years. Did You see the Lincoln project after the assassination attempt has a new ad calling him Hitler. Of course it's all, but it's all they have, they have to create that hate and vitriol and it's the end of democracy.


Remember the people who were talking about the end of democracy, the people who've called us fascists, they're trying to jail their political opponents. They're now trying to kill him. They've tried impeaching him. They've tried bankrupting him. They've tried taking away his businesses. They've changed statute of limitations in laws to be able to go after things that were nonsense from it. It, they're the ones that are actually being, being fascist. Not even, you know, acting like it. How's He doing? How does he's doing Great. It was, you know, Saturday obviously was a rough and sort of somber day for me. I was, I literally, my daughter last who the, the girl who spoke last night because I had five kids. So it's a lot of 'em. So many. She was she uncharacteristically on Saturday?


She was, did the teenage thing of that doesn't happen often as you're starting to probably figure out. It's like, Hey dad, can we go out, like go fishing or do something that I do? And I was like, wait. Yeah, sure. A hundred percent. So it took her and a couple of her friends out on the boat and I get a call, your dad's been shot And. it was like, like, and like, you know, but what we don't know anything. I'm like, oh wow. That's like, it took 90 minutes for me to figure out like that he was even alive. I didn't, you know, I didn't know. And, you know, obviously rushed back home. We got all my kids together trying to explain to, you know, I have younger kids too. 'cause you know, seven, you know, 10 to 17. But I have five. So, you know, explaining to a 10-year-old that their grandpa got shot in the face and like, and then you start seeing the videos and it's like, well, is he okay?


Is he not? And finally got through after an hour and a half. And you know, I, by by then I'd seen the video of him getting up and standing, standing defined. I just said, you know what? You, you are the biggest badass. I know. s How did you feel when you saw that tape for the First time? I, I honestly, I was so proud. 'cause you know, ev these days, everyone's a tough guy on the internet. Right. Everyone behind the keyboard from miles away, they'll, you know, talk smack to every day. And it's until you've actually sort of been tested. I spoke about it a little bit, I guess in my speech list. And until you've actually been tested, you know, everyone thinks they're gonna come out that way. But 99% of them don't. And so every Man, I said this, every man pictures himself, having a moment like that and doing what your dad did, Every man thinks they're Trump in that situation.


But, you know, 99 out of a hundred probably aren't Right. 'cause they're normal humans. Yeah. Because it, by the way, it's, you know, it's a natural you defense mechanism. It was interesting. I was walking the floor on Monday and two people came up to me. They were, they were not there together, but they were both at the Butler rally and they just happened to kind of run into it. They were, I was at Butler. The other guy was like, oh, I was at Butler too. And the one guy said, you know, your father saved a lot of lives that night. I go, that's right. What are you talking about? Like, he saved a lot of light. He goes, when he got back up, 'cause it was like 15, 20 seconds. He goes, all hell was breaking. Like, there was almost, you know, pandemonium. They, they were, people were gonna fall off the bleachers. They pandemonium. And one guy was like, yeah, I was on the press rise.


And the other guy was on one of the, the ref. He goes, it was about to be like a stampede and people were gonna get hurt. When he stood back up and put his fist in the air and started saying, fight, fight, fight. Everyone stopped. Yep. They just, they took in the moment And. it was like, calm. I have to tell you, It, it was incredible. I, I would've never even thought about that. But the guy literally came up to me. He was like, that was, it wasn't just cool 'cause it was defiant and badass. It, it actually served a purpose in that moment for the people there. That didn't get trampled For me. It was so illuminating because I think so much of what your dad has done over the years falls into that same fight.


Yeah. Mentality. And it, And it reframes it all. You know, like the guy who will pick a fight or send a tweet, whatever the people might like, that's part of the package. He's a fighter. He's not a fighter. Yeah. And that's just exactly, that's just who he is. I love it. Yeah. He's a fighter. And it was like right there And it for me. It was like, oh, I get it all in a way I never, you know, I was getting to get it, but that just brought it at home. That's, that's the nature of who he is. It was a superhero moment for him. Yeah. So that, that, that was a test. But you could, I think other people recognize that they felt it even throughout his presence here. Right. There's a reason our enemies didn't invade our neighbors. 'cause like, I don't know that guy, that guy's built different, you know, how's he gonna respond? It's not gonna End well for us.


It, He, you know, that's a guy you don't, he's not to be trifled with. You know. So I think he's always sort of probably exuded that. But again, you never know until you're actually, you know, put into that situation. And he may have surprised him himself. We know. Yeah. You know, I was like, you just did, I thought the mugshot was an iconic photo. Yes. And Then now the mugshot is now the equivalent of like my daughter drawing a picture of her grandpa in crayon. You know what I mean? Like, it went from being an iconic photo Oprah. But did you ask him, like, was he worried? 'cause I, when I was watching I, I was like, there could be a second shooter. You know, like Yeah. He wasn't thinking about that. I I It's just, it's just not his nature. Right. So he just, he he reengaged as quickly as he could. And, and that's what he did. And like I said, it's my first comment sort of that, that was just badass.


I could not have been more proud, you know, as an American, as a son, you know, in that moment. But it was, it was so heavy. It just, you know, 90 minutes of waiting. I'm there with my kids and my ex-wife and Kim. And then my brother was on speaker 'cause he finally like it. So we're going And it just, so then I was like, so how's the hair Untouched? Just, I just needed to break. I was just like, okay. Like, you know, it must have Felt good when you got to put your arms around Him. Done, done. The hair is fine. There's a little, there's blood in it, but it's fine. It'll be okay. So, so it was like, okay, things are back to normal. So Speaking of what's going on on the other side, 'cause the juxtaposition of course of your dad's behavior this week versus what we've seen from President Biden over the past three is Stark.


You heard the intro, the reports in Axios. It's not a question of if anymore, but when Yeah. Do you believe that? And what do you make of it? Listen, I, the Democrats just aren't, they're not gonna give up. I mean, the fact that they lied to the American people that, you know, this guy was competent for four years is sort of hard to believe. Right. I think story, I think there needs to be accountability. I mean, I, I wrote a book in 2020 'cause you know, we were locked down in Covid. I had nothing to do. I literally wrote a book called Liberal Privilege. I, my second chapter was unfit to serve. I had interviewed Ronnie Jackson who was the White House doctor. A bunch of other doctors, you know about the two brain aneurysms. Like there's like a zero statistical percent, you know, probability that that doesn't affect you a lot. Yeah. Especially as you get older. And I was like, I'm looking at the guy, I'm like, there's no way.


And then you see the rapid decline and everyone's been telling us he's fine. Kamala Harris, no. He's the great, you know, Joe Scarborough, brilliant Joe Scarborough, this is the finest, finest, the smartest sharpest Joe Biden we've ever seen. That was three weeks ago. Like Yes. These people are all in on it. It's, it's, it's the great, I said it in my speech. I mean, it's literally, it's the greatest bait and switch ever pulled on the American people. And you know, honestly, as a party, I think the Democrats need to pay some consequences for lying that badly. I think the media who have been there lap dogs and their lackeys for so long, you know, I don't think you can get away with that for that long. Do you, I mean, most Republicans think it's better for Trump to face Biden because he's so weakened, but doesn't look like that's gonna remain the case.


Yeah. Do you have a, do you feel differently about Harris versus Gretchen Whitmer versus Gavin Newsom? Oh Listen, I think, you know, the party of identity politics, I think they have a hard time passing over the first African American checkbox, checkbox, whatever, you know, all, all the accolades that they give her that don't actually mean anything. But you know, they're gonna bypass her for an old white guy. Like, I, I don't know. I think they have a hard time doing, I think they'd like to do that because I think, you know, If, you, you know, they Kamala Harris word salads. You get her going and it's like, you know, she makes Hillary Clinton seem likable at times. You know, there's some making a big pitch for Hillary. How would you like it? Oh, She, She, she, She may have given Joe Covid because she's trying to get him outta the way to get herself back in it.


Okay. So yeah. I I don't, I mean, it wouldn't surprise me, but that's the other point. Like that they're just gonna choose someone else bypass the Democratic. Yeah. Well, you know, they, again, it's a soundbite for them. It doesn't actually mean anything. Right. They have a democratic process and they, they don't give anyone any options. They throw RFK off the ticket. They, so You like his chances against all these people. But what about, are you worried that the Republican party might be getting overconfident? Oh, I, I, I I say nothing has changed since Saturday. Yeah. Right. We, we don't, not don't. People are like, oh, it's over now. I go, nothing is over. There's no link. They won't go to, to win, to steal. There's just assume nothing has changed.


Pedal to the metal. You know, you know when you have that trillion dollar mainstream media complex that's functioning as their marketing department, when you have big tech doing the exact same thing, you know, those are huge. The fact that elections are even close is almost remarkable when you think about what we are actually up against. And so, I I say nothing has changed. I'm not even remotely overconfident. I'm saying it's, you know, 50 50 at best no matter what. And we have to stay engaged and smart, fully focused. I wanna tell you this just in, we talked at the top about Hakeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi going to Joe Biden tell him it's not gonna happen. Like you're, you're gonna lose this just in former President Barack Obama told his allies in recent days, he believes President Biden needs to reconsider his candidacy per the Washington Post.


Citing multiple people briefed on his thinking. He reportedly has only spoken with Biden once since his debate performance, but has expressed serious concern to his allies about the viability of Biden's. It's done. Don't you think it's done? I think it probably has to be. It's been done for a while. But it's like the, the real thing we're running against is not even Joe Biden or Kamala Harris. It's the failed Democrat policies. Yes. Right. They, the border's closed. Sure. But it's not the murders, the fentanyl. We've been hearing that to this week. The fentanyl crisis. I mean, think about it, fentanyl, a hundred thousand deaths a year. A hundred. That's Megan, that's two Vietnams a year. Right. You know, If, you take the last decade, it's over half a million people. That's, it's it's lunacy that we can't shut down our border. And they say, oh, it's secure.


Great. We're, you know, Venezuela crime stats are almost to zero. 'cause they're like, Hey, they're here. They're just send them over. Like what could go wrong? I know you gotta go and I don't want, I want, I wanna be respectful of your time, but I have to ask you about the Secret service situation. Yeah. The director, Kim Cheadle was here last night getting chased down by some senators wanting answers. I know you've been very vocal on your show on Rumble, which is great. Talking about what you believe. So what, what do you believe that there are a lot of republicans who are now starting, starting to wonder whether there was Yeah, I listen Because Secret service is up to no good Because of who I am. I can't be the guy to sort of lead off with the conspiracy. But it's sort of like Wuhan lab leak theory. Like what else is there? Like I, I've had a secret service detail, Gross incompetence. I, I have, well no, 'cause I know a lot of the guys involved, or again, maybe not there, but like, you know, I've, I've shot with the counters, snipers.


I came from a long range, you know, competitive shooting background. Like I, I know what these guys do. I shot with 'em, I've had guys, they were part of those teams that like literally have stayed at my house on the weekends on their free time. 'cause I've got a really good long range set up and everything like that to train so a guy doesn't get on a roof for minutes with a rifle inside 150 yards. You know, for those who don't know, shooting like 150 yard shot is like, let's call it like a six inch putt. Like, you don't miss that. It doesn't happen. So actually I got sort of Duc, I was about to go live on my show and then I did, 'cause Marsha Blackburn was walking by. She's like, oh my god, Don, I just got off this call with the center just, and we're questioning at, it was 5 51 on Saturday night, 5 51.


They got news that there's a guy with a rangefinder and a suspicious bag and I guess a ladder, you know, kind of stands out in the crowd. Yeah. 5 51. At 5 53, they saw that person on the roof with a rifle. They let my father get on the stage at 6:00 PM So they knew for nine minutes, they knew that he was on a rooftop for seven minutes and they let him get on the stage. I thought like, okay, he was in the middle of the speech. The guy snuck you up during the speech. Maybe people were paying attention to what he was saying and that's how you got elapse. Shouldn't be but May. No, no, no. They knew before and they let him get on anyway. Has this been explained to you as a family member of the victim?


Well, one Of them. I mean, I just heard it last night on Marsh. I was like, can we talk about this on the show? 'cause she, there's great videos. Not secret service. No. Nobody said to you as the son, the family That happened. No, and again, listen, Sean Kern was like my father's detail leader, the guy, the sunglasses, and that guy's a badass. That guy's a patriot. I've never questioned his, you know, but that, that, that could happen again. I've had a secret service detail and I've been exposed to my father's ex-presidents. They all have that same detail. No way that happens there. But he's also been the presumptive nominee since like what January. That's a whole new level up. That cannot happen. It, it just doesn't, I know how thorough they are. I know what they did with me, which is a much smaller detail.


That does not happen. A guy can be on the roof. People are saying no, but he's right there. Look, what's a guy with a rifle on a roof for 20 minutes? Who needs to investigate it? Who would be, you'd be satisfied with Some sort of independent body? They were like, well, the FBI is like, oh, you mean the FBI that calls like concerned mothers at PTA meetings, domestic terrorists. Right. And like investigates you If you have a Bible or I Tried to undermine your dad's presidency, I'm sure. Yeah. I'm, I'm sure they're gonna do a great job investigating. It's like OJ looking for the criminal working around in a circle. Like gimme a break it. That doesn't work. I I, and that's the problem. If, if they gave me the right answer, I'd still be suspicious if I saw it. If they told me the sky was blue here, I'd be like, I don't know.


And that's the problem. I think I'm not the only American that has lost faith in all of these institutions. No. Especially when we're, they Don't deserve my trust. They deserve my skepticism because they've done nothing to earn my trust. They haven't been honest brokers in anything. You know, I, I always, you know, I sort of do the, you know, me versus Hunter Biden comparisons and like, you know, I understand the media thinks I'm the worst human being in the world, but it's like, I don't know, number one, you know, look over there, you, I'm probably not quite, you know, I understand I'm not the upstanding citizen that he is, but like, yeah. You know, I don't know. You tried me for work on it. Reason you wanted me to be punishable by death because of Russia. Like that was all a lie. But the guy that's actually taking money from China, taking money from Ukraine, taking money from Russia, the laptop, you know, no, not, but that was my laptop.


51 intelligence officers are not coming on board to sign off on it. Even if they, you know, even if it was real, it's probably real. Yeah. All of this is to point out the fallacy of these in institutions being above board and trustworthy. I wanna let you go 'cause I know you got a hard eye, but listen, it's great to see you. Great to see. God bless. Thanks so much. Bless your family. I really appreciate it. Really happy. Your dad's okay. Thank you. Yeah. Wow. Donald Trump Jr, thanks to him for being here. Don't go away. We've got Byron Donalds up next.


Do you think America's heading in the right direction? Unfortunately, the next generation does not understand the values that have made America the greatest nation on earth. But pr you love, pr you is helping to counter that. PR you is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos that are highly entertaining, that reach millions of young people every single day. Right now, PragerU has an amazing opportunity. If, you donate any amount, even just $1. They will send you prager, you American flag socks made in the USA as a thank you gift. Make sure to go to prager you.com/socks to make your donation. That's fun. And while you're there, nose around in some videos and see why I love it so much. You can support a great organization and express your love of American values and style while doing it. Your donation will help pr you reach more people with their videos, which is needed now more than ever. Make a 100% tax deductible donation. If, you wanna make it more than a dollar. I'm sure they'd love it at pr you.com/socks and get your socks today.


Join me now. Byron Donalds, a republican congressman from the great state of Florida and an early Trump endorser and fan. Congressman, welcome back to the show. It's good to be with you live. Yeah. So fun to see you in person. Yeah, It's good to be with you. What a week. This has been insane and insanely amazing. We may not just say insane. The energy in that arena from opening night on Monday was fantastic. Monday was so great. We were just like, how does this, how does this get better? Mm. And it has every single night. And, and I think the best thing overall is our parties unified. I I I think like I've never seen, quite frankly, like a lot of republics really haven't seen, I think I'm comparing our level of unity to post nine 11.


Yeah. That's kind of where it's, That's how it feels. Yeah. I wanna get into some of what we've seen at the convention, especially those gold star families last night. But before we go there, let me pick it up with you. Where I left off with Don Jr. Okay. And the investigation into what happened on Saturday at this rally with President Trump. There was a briefing on Capitol Hill and the reveals from the Secret Service who sat with senators and others were as follows. Okay, per this is per Fox and NBC and New York Times altogether that Secret Service was aware of a threat 10 minutes before Trump walked on the stage. That's what Don Jr said as well, right? 10 minutes before he walked on the stage. Insane that they let him walk on the stage.


That's just right. I mean, I'm not a security expert, but even I as a lay person can see you keep him in the armored vehicle. US Secret Service spotted the shooter before Trump took the stage, 20 minutes elapsed between the time he was first spotted. And when he first fired, the FBI's interviewed 200 people. They found his cell phone. They unlocked the cell phone. They reviewed over 14,000 images. FBI Director Ray says, no known foreign nexus, but no established motive as of now. The shooter used encrypted comms and had little to no social media presence, which is weird for a 20-year-old. But, you know, we'll see. And then New York Times as well saying he was act seen, acting strangely by cops, up by a police sniper 20 to 25 minutes before the shooting.


You tell me how it is that they did not get Trump off of that stage and did not take him out sooner than they did. This is all very concerning. It's the initial revelations of this, the, the call yesterday on dc. In dc when we get these briefings from the administration, typically they give us nothing in these briefings. A lot of the stuff that they would say is even classified as stuff that's already moving around the internet and moving around media. The initial briefing just is not good enough. There's many more details that we need in my view. You gotta have a person by person accountability list of who, what person on the ground notified their superior.


What was that response if they moved it up the, up the chain of command. What was that response? What was the decision making process? Or quite frankly, the lack of decision making process that put Donald Trump or made it clear for him to be on the rally stage and for this, this shooter to just roam free or roam loose on the grounds. There is a chain of command here. We need to get to the bottom of that. And, and look, it's, it's a devastating thing. And, and it's about Donald Trump, but it's not. Barack Obama is a former president. Bill Clinton, former President George W. Bush, former president. They are still around. They are living. They've served this country. We may agree or disagree with their decisions when they were president, but we all want them to be protected.


And so this is a major debacle in the hands of the Secret Service. We need to get answers immediately. I have to say, if I were Don Jr, if I were Kai Trump, his daughter who spoke last night, I just, the level of anxiety would be up. Right? Like, we can't have random shooters targeting politicians, their families. It's just a new world. If that's where we're going, you know, I've heard a lot of people who are around back in 1968 say that it was a very dark time. Of course we had RFK, we had JFK, we had MLK murdered within the span of a few years, right? Nobody wants to see a return to that. And, but without accountability and like a true sunlight being the disinfectant, people are gonna worry. Kim Cheadle was here at the RNC last night.


She was director of the S Secret Service, an extraordinary moment. He had a bunch of US senators, Don Jr mentioned interviewing Marsha Blackburn, John Barrasso of Wyoming as well, chasing her down, demanding more answers. They were only allowed to ask four questions of her yesterday. We've got a little bit of the table watch it. And then I'd love to know you about what your thoughts are on her. John and I will start answering our questions right now about the death Trump and allowing him to go on stage, Allowing him to go on stage. Can you give us an explanation? Why would anyone allow threats to go on stage when you know that you've got a potential threat and you've got snipers that are trained on, I don't think that they thank you very much.


No, no, no. We're going with you attempt. You owe nothing. They're following her. You Owe President Trump answers, but you cannot fight Picking up the pace. The President should have this kind of protect her. And then the Secret Service ferrets her away like she's the president so that these US senators cannot question her. So Let me, let me expound on a, a larger level then we're gonna get back to, to Kim Cheadle. We have a real issue in the agencies of our government. You have the men and women that do the work every single day in the Secret Service.


You have President Trump's core detail. They've been with him for years. Those, those guys, they love him. They will, they literally will throw their bodies into harm's way and and into harm's way to protect him. And throughout our government, you know, a lot of our agencies, you have good, decent people who wanna do the right thing. They wanna do the job that they were hired to do and serve the people of this country. And then you see footage like that where you have the political brass of these agencies who are more concerned with covering up. They're more concerned with the, with protecting themselves. And they do not wanna be forthcoming with the critical information necessary in such a monumental situation. Like what happened Saturday in Pennsylvania in, in my view, the response from secret Service, from the political brass should have been immediate details to members of Congress with the appropriate security clearances, legislative leadership in both chambers and of course members of the Intelligence Committee to go through the time, the, the timeline of, of chain of command decision making from the day that rally started up until the time of the shooting on that stage, then that's where you can have true accountability.


How Are they getting away with not doing that? Because the Joe Biden administration, this is how they handle every crisis situation. They ignore Congress, they slow walk. There is no accountability. Donald Trump said it in a debate back in Atlanta, how come nobody's been fired? You've had debacle after debacle after debacle. But everybody keeps their job. You know, that is not the truth and that's not accurate. It is wrong. Because what they're doing is covering up for their own incompetence as opposed to being truly held accountable. She's lying. Yes. The thing about the sloped roof, does anybody believe we didn't put secret service on the roof where the shooter wound up because it has a slope. Many of my colleagues who have served downrange, they've, they've been in the battlefield.


They've all said very quietly, Cory Mills outta Florida has been very open about this. Anybody doing a secure a sec trying to secure a location? Rooftops are some of the primary things you wanna make sure you have control of. I'm not a military man. I've not done security, security work. But like you said earlier, this is common sense stuff. The guy, the sharp shooters who were there were on roofs that were more sloped than that one. Exactly. Right. So just doesn't, I mean that's, It doesn't add up. It doesn't make sense. There's a failure here. And instead of running, I mean, listen, Marsha Blackburn, God bless her, she is tough. Yeah, she's a one tough customer. But Marsha's all a five foot two, what are you doing running from her?


You can't stand there and have a conversation with a United States senator who has serious concerns about the security apparatus around President Donald Trump. That's obscene to me. And look, I don't know what's going on with Joe Biden and then we'll probably get to that. But it's incumbent upon the White House to make sure that they take control of this investigation and not just link into the background like they are amped to, like they're want to do too often, because these are serious answers that are not political. This is about the very fabric of our republic moving forward. Because presidents have to be protected, their families have to be protected. And and if they're not, it's not just with all due respect, not just about their lives, it's about our country.


That's exactly right. We'd be in a totally different place right now if President Trump's life had been taken on national television. Yes. So it's been totally dissatisfactory every day we learned that they had their, this guy in their sights for far longer than we knew without adequate answers. And Kim Cheadle literally now on the run, treating herself like she's a president behind the protection of secret service to get away from us senators who represent us. They're, you know, you guys all represent us. That's right. That's who's trying to get answers. It's very frustrating. Let's talk about President Biden, because the news today is he's gone. I mean the, the Axios reporting according to citing top Dems, it's no longer a question of if, but when Pelosi, Schumer, Jeffries, and the news just breaking that even Obama is signaling now he's gotta go.


You think it will? Yes, I do. And then I was one of the last holdouts on the Joe Biden's not gonna be on the ticket And it, it's not about the fact that his job was terrible. It's about the fact that he let the cat out of the bag. That he mentally is not capable of four more years, let alone four more months. That's just the fact of the matter. And because his, his lack of capabilities was exposed on the world stage. Now the Democrats are running for cover. They knew this was going on, but because Joe Biden was a vessel for their agenda, it was okay, as long as you didn't have too much access to Joe Biden. Everything is okay. He's the leader, he's in charge.


Joe knows the right thing. We've all heard the talking points, Joe Biden and oh good gosh, Joe Biden is, looks detestable of this entire situation. Joe, you did great. You answered all the questions. But this is not a spelling bee, this is not a school play. You're talking about the presidency. He is supposed to be in charge of the agencies like we just talked about with one of them in charge of directing our military and operations around the globe. And this man can't go toe to toe with his opponent. They are embarrassed not for Joe Biden. They're embarrassed for themselves and this is why they're getting rid of him so fast. Adam Schiff, very prominent congressman running for Senate out in California, very close with Nancy Pelosi, one of the first to come out on the record and say he needs to go in this, in this.


You Knew, you know, he was not gonna do that without Nancy's blessing. So This is what I'm gonna say. It was literally what, two months ago he was shaming Robert Hur, the special counsel who looked into Joe Biden and classified documents and had one line in his report saying that we can't really bring a case. 'cause he's a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Right? Cross-examined And. it was Adam Schiff cross examined Robert Hur. Like he had done something absolutely disgusting and unnecessary, including that line. Now he's out with his own opinion piece that he's gotta go. He's not firm, he can't do the job, he can't win the hypocrisy, the as if, I guess everything was revealed to him in that debate. Well, Listen, Adam Schiff has a, he has a doctorate in Hippo in hypocrisy.


The man will shift his statements anytime in order to protect himself and to protect the political agenda. And it's important for the American people to understand. I wanna, I wanna restate this case. It's about their agenda. Joe Biden was just the vessel for it. He got a, according how top a lot of things done, they've been detrimental to the country. If Joe Biden could stand on a debate stage for 90 minutes, if he could do a press conference for one hour without a no card of who to call on and just take questions in Ron, Robin, they would be saying he's the best thing since sliced bread. He's the best progressive president we've ever had. Better than FDR. Better than LBJ Run Joe Run. Go Joe. Go go. But because he can't do the actual front facing job that a president has to do, he's gotta go.


And the reason why they're moving him out so fast is because now he's damaging Senate races and he's damaging house races and it's now every man for themselves over there. That's right. But this is why you should have had a primary process. They had an opportunity. Dean Phillips ran RFKJ tried to run, they got him out of there. It's a real debacle. Now I wanna do over, not just for their brass, but also for their, their voters. 'cause their voters are the ones who are not getting their voices. So listen to this absurdity. There's actually a, a, a threat. Now, he's not gonna get a presidential library if he doesn't get out. He doesn't deserve one. Here's The quote in Axios from some top Democrat unnamed. His choice is to be one of history's heroes.


Or to be sure of the fact that there will never be a Biden presidential library. I pray he does the right thing. He's headed that way. And then they go on to the, not, not if anymore, but when, but this is really the threat that we're gonna take away your library and all your friends, or will make you a hero. So you know what, what that op-Ed demonstrates is these are the, I don't wanna say the threats, but these are the, the, the carrots for him to get out. Joe, just leave and we'll make sure you have a great library, Joe, just leave and we'll make sure your canonized is a great American presence. Legacy. Your legacy will be intact. I'm not gonna speak for them. We'll take care of Hunter. Don't worry about it. But If, you stay.


We're taking it all away. And it's indicative of what's happened in politics in our country for far too long. Joe Biden is a creature of the old way of politics. Somebody who came along, stood behind the party, no matter what shifted his opinions. Don't forget what Kamala Harris said about him back when they were debating in the primary back in 20 19, 20 20, how she talked about his, how about how he was as a United States senator. Things he supported when he came into the United States Senate. He has shifted his opinions over 50 years for political power. And so, so he could always have a seat at the table. So we would have an opportunity to, at some point be president. And now they're gonna take the legacy pieces away from him if he stays. Can I pick up on what you had said about Adam Schiff being very close to Nancy Pelosi?


So you believe he would not have wrote, written that piece? No, I do. Without her blessing. I don't think, I don't think anybody at the top of the food chain over there in the California delegation moves a muscle without Nancy Pelosi. I came in her last, her last term as Speaker of the House. From what I've seen as a, from a, the Republican side of the aisle. Nancy ran that place with an iron fist. Nobody moves a muscle unless Nancy Pelosi okayed it. She's the, seems to be the number one most powerful Democrat in the country right now. And I include Joe Biden in that, given his current state. I, It, it's, it's her and it's Barack Obama. And he's not saying anything, but behind the scenes, according to this reporting from the Washington Post is starting to push. So I think they're right. We're just now on like the TikTok talk Watch.


All right. Byron. Donalds stays with us. And there's a lot more to get to If. you didn't see what happened with the Gold Star families last night? You must. We've got it for you and we'll show you. Don't go anywhere.


Some Americans enjoy using their credit cards because it can be a hassle-free and secure way to pay. But our sponsor, the American Payments Coalition, says that some DC politicians wanna change that with the Durban Marshall credit card bill. They say the bill lets corporate mega stores pick how your credit card is processed, allowing them to use untested payment networks that jeopardize your data security and rewards. They say corporate mega stores will make more money and you will end up paying the price. Find out more info@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're there as well.


A bullet couldn't stop Trump. A virus just stopped. Biden, you've got the nominees of this party getting their butts kissed. Biden's getting his butt kicked by his own party. The Democrats are coming apart, the Republicans are coming together. That's Van Jones. Welcome back to the Megyn. Kelly Show. My guest is Congressman Byron Donalds of Florida. And that was the truth. Couldn't say it any better myself. That's exactly what's happening. They, the real reason that of course they want Joe Biden gone is, as you said, self preservation. Right? And the polls and the hits of the polls just keep on coming today.


There's just an average of polls. Hold on a second. This is just Virginia real clear politics. Average of polls in Virginia. Virginia, which is blue now, used to be red, then it turned purple. Now it's blue. Trump is up 43.8%. 43.4. I haven't seen that since I, like before I became a reporter. Right. And then there's a new Emerson poll out. Hold on a second. My team is gonna send it to me because I have a morass of polls that we've been sending each other. But it's, it's a bloodbath. And that's what's really behind the scenes here. So you tell me whether switching out Biden actually helps them down ballot in these critical swing states.


I think they think so. The question is, they know Joe Biden, there's no shot. Maybe Kamala Harris gives them a 10% shot some Shot. So, Okay. You gotta just look at it that way. Here it is. Hold on, let me read it. Alright. Arizona Trump is up seven. This is the Emerson poll that just hit Georgia. Trump's up six Michigan, part of the blue wall. Trump up three. This is over Biden, Nevada Trump up five. I still can't get over Nevada. That that is not a red state anymore. Like that's that too. North, Carolina Trump up seven. That's still considered a swing state. He's up seven. Pennsylvania up five. Five. That's big. Wisconsin up five. That's huge. Five.


Yeah. Those are like the blue wall is what? Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. And Trump is up three to five in all of them. Right? Not to mention North, Carolina. They're talking about New Hampshire, Virginia trumps up. And the real clear politics of all average, of all polls. So this is spelling bloodbath. Well, I think New Hampshire's in play. I really do. But I think it's, take a look back. Take a step back. All those polls he's winning. Yes. The, and it's a couple of things. The Democrat agenda's been a disaster. So before you even get to who your messenger is, you still don't have a message. The the agenda's been a disaster. Then the lawfare backfired huge because it had people who were independently minded look at Trump and say, well, now wait a minute.


I don't like the tweets. I don't like this. I don't like that. But you're not a criminal. Why, why are they doing this? That just doesn't seem right. And the American people, if they're, if anything, they have an innate ability to realize when something is fair and when something is right or when something is wrong and something is just disgusting and unpalatable. And they watch that with the law fair as it continued to bubble up. Then you have Joe Biden's lack of capability. And that's how you get polling numbers like that. Do you think this is from the debate, this is pre post debate. I think pre the assassination attempt that we saw. What you have there is the debate and then the avalanche of the media now having to reverse course completely and talk about Joe Biden's capability because they made the decision, I'm quite sure in Atlanta, that decision was made very quickly.


He's gotta go, what's the game? The key is what's the game plan to get him out? This is what life could be like if the media would just report the news. Yes. Truthfully, his mental competence issues are on the nose and have been for some time. If they'd been doing their job and reporting about it, they even, they could have seen these numbers months ago, had a real primary chosen, a real candidate. I think President Trump would've said, fine, gimme whoever you want. Like I'll, I'll run against any of these people. But the news media tried to cover up his problems and now that they're doing their jobs, yes, the debate we all saw, but then the coverage, post debate, as you just point out, the numbers are falling precipitously. Yeah. And they have to do it now, because now they're trying to preserve their own credibility.


So you have Democrat members in the house and in the Senate trying to preserve themselves. And now the media is trying to preserve whatever element of credibility they have left. And I think the, the one thing that's been really cool, especially I would say in the maturity of the social media environment, I think like back in, in 2008, 2012, this was the infancy of social media. The Democrats talk so much about how the Obama team used that and fueled that to push his campaign. We went through this period in, in, in early adolescence where social media, we didn't really know how to deal with it. You had massive amounts of, of, of suppression, of information, so on and so forth.


And now we're moving into this third wave of 24 hour media, social media, where now there are developed sources that are alternative or adjacent to the New York Times, C-B-S-N-B-C, et cetera. You have your show, obviously Ruthless, Ben Shapiro, the Daily Wire guys, I don't wanna plug everybody else on the show, I love No, I love all those guys. But Now you have avenues for people to get other information or compare information. Do it in real time. Do it when you're waking up, scrolling through your phone. 'cause everybody in America does that now. Now you scroll through your phone for about 15 minutes, thank God For x 15 minutes. 'cause you can scroll, scroll and get real info. What Elon did, buying X is also a part of what you're seeing in those polls.


Because now you have people who knew they didn't believe what they saw. Seeing information over here demonstrating that you had the main media still pushing their propaganda and their narratives. And now they're having to do a complete retraction of that. They don't control things anymore. They don't control it. They're, they're starting to realize it. That's right. I wanna talk about the, this news just coming in that Trump was reportedly briefed privately by Secret service on what went wrong that day. That makes sense to me. You know, I was asking Don Jr, you as a family member, you haven't been told prior you would think they'd say to the family, here's what happened. But it, it appears that insofar as it's the man himself, he did receive a brief, a briefing.


And I have to say the Trump family has been very gracious toward the secret service. Yes. And that's kind and, you know, respectful and very classy. But the rest of us are entitled to answers because they don't, they're not our full-time, body duty. And we need to know whether he's safe. Let's move on to what happened last night. 'cause he was an extraordinary night at the convention. Yes. I thought JD Vance did a great job. I'm gonna be honest. I thought it was long. I thought that's just, you know, tight. Right. Tight. And my husband had a great observation, which is, you know what? Speeches in general are better if they're not on prompter. They are. You know, Sarah Palin, when she came in as John McCain's nominee, I was there in St. Paul, Minnesota. And she came out, she electrified the room, electrified it, her prompter had broken.


She did it all. She Just Had to do it extemporaneously. And she was actually very good at that, eh, prompt. Long pro. Like before we had prompters a hundred years ago, they went on forever. But like, people would just speak off the cuff And. it was more compelling. Anyway, I love jd, but I I'm, I'm against the prompter. Do you want me to tell you a quick story about that? Yeah, yeah. So I was getting into, into the hotel. I think it was Monday afternoon before I spoke on Monday. And Tucker was in the lobby. And by the way, I'm Tucker's member of Congress. Oh. So I represent Tucker. Oh, does He call you all the time? Absolutely. Like nonstop. Why are you voting on this? What are you doing? He doesn it all the time. Why is My garbage still full? No, no, that's the county commission. I don't touch that stuff. That's why I'll never run for local government. God bless the people that do, but that ain't me. I'm not gonna do it.


But we were talking about the prompter and I said, and I said, yeah, I'm speaking. I'm speaking tonight. I just got finished going through a session. I don't like the prompter. Yeah. And he goes, oh, I'm not using it. I'm like, what do, what do you mean they, everybody's gotta use it. He's like, I'm not using it. I don't, I'm not surprised by that. And So we talked about how he's like, I just don't like the, he is like, I'm, I am an orderer. I don't like these things called written words. I don't wanna deal with that. It was a funny moment. Well, It's funny too 'cause Tucker's a great writer. So he easily could write himself a great speech, but it does come across less authentic and he just feel a little less connected as the listener. Yeah. But anyway, the, I loved the World War II vet. Right. That guy was amazing. He Was so sweet. Yeah.


Who got up there and said, if, if Donald Trump, oh, we have it. Okay, good. Let's watch it Put, I gotta, yeah, I gotta hear it again. You know, and I was fighting in Europe and I came back home, I kissed the ground. Thank God that I'm back home in our, my country and President Trump back in Commander in chief. I would go back to the reenlist today. Ah, God bless. Right? That's Amazing. That was in Wisconsin home town guy. 98 years old. And it's, you know, we were there.


My son was with us, and he's only 10. And I was so glad he got to hear him. You know, in the not too distant future, there will be no more World War II veterans alive and available to tell their stories. Just an honor. And I credit to the Trump campaign for highlighting him. They, they've created an incredible atmosphere at this convention. I'm glad that a bunch of us electeds don't have 15 minute speeches in 20 minute speeches. Because first of all, If, you can't make a point in five minutes. You don't have a point. JD gets his time. 'cause he's the vice presidential nominee and he deserves that time. And he needs to, and it's his opportunity to obviously introduce himself to the, to the nation and to the world.


And that's, that's very, very important. But to hear the stories from Americans who live in every city of this country have dealt with obviously tragedy and crisis because of policies from the Biden Harris administration to hear directly from them as opposed to hearing about their stories through us is so powerful, so impactful. I've run into a couple of the speakers like out here in the convention area, and they go, oh my gosh, can I take a picture? And I'm like, no. Can I take a picture? Aw. Because it was so moving, so awesome to see it. Those speeches are the gonna be the ones I believe. And I'm not gonna talk for the Trump campaign, but I believe those are the, the, the stories, those are the speeches that you're gonna see nonstop through this remember campaign in social media time and time again.


Because they're compelling and it's real. And they're real. And that's why, that's what's gonna help move voters. I think in politics today. Real authenticity, not slick haircuts and great lines at a, at a, at a podium. The gold star families last night were such a moment. They got up there. These, the surviving parents of those who were lost in Afghanistan and are disastrous withdrawal at Abbey Gate. Who spoke of how President Biden forgot their children's sacrifice when he said at that debate that he'd never lost a soldier on his watch in his time as president and more, take a listen.


Donald Trump spent six hours in Bedminster with us. And for the first time Since Nicole's death, I felt I wasn't alone in my grief. Thank you. Joe Biden said The withdrawal from Afghanistan was an extraordinary success. An extraordinary success. Look at our faces, look at our pain and our heartbreak, and look at our rage. That was not an extraordinary success.


Joe Biden may have forgotten that our children died, but we have not forgotten. They have not been transparent about their failures and their so-called leaders work to protect themselves rather than our sons and daughters who took the oath to defend our country. When Hunter and the other service members bodies were returned to the US in Dover, Delaware, Joe Biden met the plane, but he made the occasion more about his son lost to cancer than our sons and daughters lost on his watch. Worse than that, he has never said their names out loud. And during and during last month's debate, he claimed no service members have died during his administration.


None that hurt us all deeply. Joe Biden has to go. Now we have another son Serving In the army And We do not trust Joe Biden with his life. Those poor parents and family members. That by far was the most powerful. And you could feel their anchor. This is a man who's just yesterday was in the news for saying to Democrats on Capitol Hill, I'm the greatest president on foreign policy of all time.


So I guess he forgot about Abby Gate. It's so disgusting even to hear him say something like that. Because we've all seen the fallout. Like my wife, she was crying when this was happening. Yeah. There were tears all through this arena. But a around the country, people who watched that segment, the, the raw emotion from, you know, that day when, when Afghanistan fell and we lost 13 of our soldiers, men and women serving in this country because of incompetence and ineptitude it. It was so emotional, so raw, so real. And again, And, it was said in that clip, and this is important, it kind of goes back to the top.


They never accepted. They never had to deal with the consequences of that action in the Biden administration. Nobody was held accountable. That has been a persistent theme in this administration. Crisis happens. Cover it up. Don't accept responsibility. Don't accept blame for anything. Nobody gets fired over something. You're telling me these guys have been batting a thousand. That is not true. We all know that They're barely batting a hundred. I mean, this is terrible what they've done. You don't make a mistake like that when it comes to exactly lost servicemen and women. And he did. And then he didn't even try to fix it. Why is President Trump, who wasn't even president when this happened, spending six hours with this, these families and Joe Biden is checking his watch e just even when he is there to greet the bodies as they return home.


Checking a watch or talking about Bo and listen, Bo Biden dying. Yeah. Nobody wants to lose a child. But you can't, you can't in interject your personal grief when you're trying to be sympathetic to others, when you're trying to be compassionate for somebody else. Especially when you're having to meet the families of, of soldiers who died on your watch. Nobody cares about what happened in your family. That's right. You have to care about what's happening in their family, in their moment, in their time. Especially When you made the decision Yes. That caused their lives. Yes. It's not some random passerby, it's always inappropriate to bring up your own grief and your own story when listening to somebody else's grief.


But especially when you're ultimately the man who made the call to put them in harm's way. It's just, ugh. So far the convention has been filled with these moments of heartache, but really motivating moments too. The heartache is being told for a reason. My mother's pain at losing her son to fentanyl overdose, a brother's pain at losing his sister to a brutal crime incident. Rape and murder families who have been affected by illegal immigrants committing harm against their loved ones and then the gold star families. And I think it's appropriate to bring home what the real life consequences have been. So we've been talking in and out about, he may go, looks like he's gonna go. So who then?


Right. Look at this. This just hit from insider advantage. This gets a good rating on the, the average of polls. And. it has a matchup. This is post assassination and it's likely voters. So it's the best voting group between Trump and Harris. Georgia Trump's up 10. Florida Trump's up 10. Pennsylvania, Trump up seven. Nevada up 10 over Harris, Arizona up six right now. She's not looking like the second coming. No. And so do you think, yeah, I know all the DEI, how are they gonna bypass pass a black woman when that's like their voter base and all that. But they are practical people over on the Democrat side and they do know how to win.


So what do they do? Well, first and foremost, they're not stepping over Kamala Harris. They're not. They're not. No. They would have so many infrastructure disasters in their party if they stepped over her. So that's not gonna happen. I don't see that happening. And secondarily, they have a major money situation in my view. Joe Biden has to accept the nomination and then not run. Okay, explain that. So the way I understand it, and we should definitely have campaign finance people on to explain this, but the way I understand it that all the money that they've raised has been for the Biden Harris Joint Fundraising Committee. Yes. So it's the two of them together.


The money is his to spend because he's at the top of the ticket. But if he doesn't accept the nomination, then that committee cannot spend that funds on a, on another candidate. He would have to accept the nomination and then step down from the ticket, and then she actually moves into top position on that ticket. And then they would probably have a convention style situation where the Convention takes, that's if they want The money from vice president. But you talking about $200 million. But can't you raise that again with these motivated dems who are like, it's all hands on deck. Trump, You probably could, but why would you take that chance? Especially considering the fact, 'cause she's not likable. But you had, now you have, this is where the Democrats entire apparatus of voting is backfiring against them because they have a lot of states where ballots are going out right after their convention.


Pennsylvania, I think they go out, what, the first week of September? I think that's when they go out in Pennsylvania. So people are gonna get ballots and they're gonna start voting those ballots while, while she's running around the country raising money. At the end of the day, raising money is a hard thing. It's hard enough to raise $10 million. You had to raise $300 million. So they're gonna need that money to even be able to mount a campaign. So there's some structural stuff, which is why I think it's gonna be her. And then whoever else they put on that ticket, it's gonna be very difficult for them to step over her. They already have a problem with black men. Hmm. If they have a problem with black women, those polling numbers become actual results on November 5th.


Wow. There's just not, there's, there's not a lot of great options facing the Democrats. They don't, and you know what? It's their own fault Serves 'em. Right. It's Their own darn fault. There's also another report out today that Jeffrey Katzenberg, one of the co-chairs of his reelection and the biggest fundraiser, I think certainly out of Hollywood, who's got an unlimited funding ability, has said to Joe Biden, the donors are gone. Yeah, they're gone. The money's done. Well, Listen, I was hearing him on Capitol Hill before the convention very quietly. I'm not gonna name the Democrats, but they were like, no, he's done. It's over. It's over. We're not doing this. It's, it's not a matter of if, it's just a matter of when. Is there last question, is there any chance he announces this, if it's true, like tonight, tomorrow to steal Trump's thunder?


I don't think so. And I mean, stealing Trump's thunder. I mean, it's only gonna luck feed into what Trump's doing up here, because this is Trump's first public address since Pennsylvania. Yeah. It will still be the bigger story. I think if I'm in their minds for a moment. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to lay out what I think might happen. The Olympics are next week. I think they're, I think Kamala Harris is probably gonna go over to Paris. This is gonna be one of the great repackaging of, of the next wave in American leadership. She'll go from the bridesmaid to the bride. Absolutely. It'll, it'll be Cleopatra. It'll be amazing stuff. They're gonna try to repackage her the best that they can. And then when they have to do their little convention of the, the, what is it, the video one or whatever they gotta do.


Yeah. Right. The At that point then you'll do the handle switcheroo Because, and he'll blame Covid it. Well, listen, he, as far as I'm concerned with the way this thing has gone, he's had long covid for three and a half years that this, this, this administration has been an absolute disaster. And, and transitioning to her, the key thing is what has she actually ever done her? She's risen very, very fast now she's vice president. When did she actually do anything of consequence? The last time would probably be when she was Attorney General. And if the stories and Tulsi Gabbard does it better than anybody, when you go through her record when she was Attorney General, it was highly political And. it was abysmal.


And now you're gonna put that in the Oval Office. I don't think so. We need Donald Trump back. Wow. Byron Donalds. What a time to be in politics, in news in America. Never seen anything like this. So great to have you on set. Thank you. All the best to you. Thank you. To be continued. Okay. Don't go away, because Matt Tave is up next. And we are gonna get, go over some of the journalistic malpractice we are seeing everywhere this week.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly If. you can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


It's so windy here in Milwaukee and we're in this booth that's like a wind tunnel. Maintaining the hair has not been an easy project in the wake of the news that Joe Biden almost certainly, am I going too far? I don't think so. Is going to drop his bid for reelection. We decided to take a stroll down memory lane and look at the show that has hands down had the most emotional story arc we're of course referring to Morning Joe and it's star Joe Scarborough. There has been no one who has defended President Biden quite like he has after the Robert. Her report called the President a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Joe was en rage.


He told us Biden is cogent, in fact, more than cogent. He was insulting him by calling him just merely cogent. He's better than ever. Then after the debate, Joe Scarborough admitted that Joe Biden tragically did not rise to the occasion. Then it was, hold on. Dems give Mr. Biden time to decide his own fate. Anything could happen, a resurrection of sorts. And now Scarborough is back to admitting it's not gonna end well if this keeps dragging out. Would you watch this Under sold? When I undersold him when I said he was cogent, he's far beyond cogent. In fact, I think he's better than he's ever been.


He spent much of the night with his mouth aga and his eyes starting back and forth. He couldn't fact check anything. Donald Trump said he missed one layup after another after another. Tragically did not rise an occasion last night. This is the last chance for Democrats to decide whether this man we've known and loved for a very long time is up to the task of running for president of the United States. It is July the fifth. This happened eight days ago. And decision time is not upon us yet. And I think we should first honor a man who was first on the ballot 54 years ago by giving him the time and the space to make his decision.


Such in historic decision should not be made in haste. But Joe Biden now has what I would dream of having if I were running for President. Joe Biden now can say he's having to fight media, elites, billionaire donors, Washington politicians. You know, it's, it's really incumbent on people that are around Joe Biden to step up at this point and, and, and help the president And, and help the man they love and do the right think this is not going to, this is not going to end well if it continues to drag out.


Oh, Joe, Joe, you know what came to mind as soon as I watched those clips? Who remembers the movie Sybil? Here's a short little clip. No, you keep them away from me. I'll, I'll I'll do it. I'll do it. He doesn't care. He doesn't care. I just love you today. Go let a peck a hug around the neck. A tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle and tickle. Tickle, tickle, tickle. Tickle. Paper is valuable. Paper is valuable. Yes. It's, yes. It's, it's valuable. It's valuable.


You can see, no, I'm dying. My team put the civil clip together. Well done. Joining me now. Matt Taibbi, he's editor of Racket News on Substack. You're the perfect person to have today. Oh, Well thank you. Great to be here, Megan. I mean, it's really like the stages of grief, right? Denial, bargaining, anger, acceptance. Yeah. Dabb, right? I forget. Isn't that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're watching play out before our very eyes. And I, you know, I would be remiss if I did not call on the Mika saw because she too is finally after her. I mean, she just repeated the White House, white House talking points when she came back on the air and tried to say we didn't see what we saw with the debate.


Right? It was all his advisor's faults for sending him up on in nine time zones, you know, two weeks ago, right before the debate. But now even she's coming to see reality watch her. But Dems need to get, get it together. They really need to get whatever they've got going, going, whatever it is. The problem should not be our candidate. The focus should be on Donald Trump. You know, it may or may not be Joe Biden. I trust Joe Biden's abilities. I also trust Nancy Pelosi's political acumen. Nobody knows politics more than her. If there is a change, it's gotta be a change that gets Barack Obama behind the candidate Michelle Obama behind the candidate George W. Bush behind the candidate former presidents and world leaders and people who understand the importance of democracy Acumen.


That's not, I I think it's acumen, isn't it? Curcumin? It's like that's a spice. Yeah, I was gonna say, you put a little bit of it in Achille. I think so. How about the problem should not be our candidate. Refresh me on how that happened again. Was it people like these two? Well, the, it it, the phrase is almost word for word what Joe Biden said in a, in a meeting with donors. He said the bullseye should be on Trump. Right. I mean, that's a DNC talking point. The focus should be on Trump. But yeah, no, that, that entire reel, it actually, it's actually worse than that because if you go back far enough, remember they were hyping Donald Trump once upon a time. Oh, I Remember, Right? Oh, it was an epic moment when you're on stage there in South Carolina or wherever it was. So they've, you pick Sybil, I I think of Game of Thrones, that character who could change his face on demand.


Oh yeah, that's right. You know, so, but it's like that you've, as a comedy writer, couldn't come up with something better than that. They're so insincere. Here's one more of Scarborough, longer of him. And listen to who he's like blaming. Like who, who he thinks is to blame for the position Joe Biden's in right now. We have known him for a long time. Mika and her family extraordinarily close to to the Bidens, have always felt a connection. You know, it's, it's really incumbent on people that are around Joe Biden to step up at this point and Who Exactly. And Help the president and, and help the man they love and do the right thing.


This is not going to, this is not going to end well if it continues to drag out. Like the anger that I hear Yeah. Is not at Joe Biden. The anger I hear are the people that are keeping him in a bubble or who have their own interests or, or who may have their own interests. Some financial in keeping him in the race Joe Biden deserves. Oh, Like, who better Matt? I can't, I know. I don't think they're even aware of how bad that sounds. That's the funniest part about it. I mean, he could be describing them.


Yes. Because it's a confessional. Right. You know, I, I covered Joe Biden in, in 2019, 2020 on the campaign trail. It was obvious to me that he was mentally impaired. Everybody else covered it up. I mean, there were other people who wrote about it, but not, not these types. And as long as they thought they could get away with it, they did. Now they can't. And now they're saying it's so, it's the fault of his aids. Please. And, And they're angry. They're angry at the people who have kept him in the bubble. So he couldn't hear the truth. Right. The what, what is the truth today? Is it that he's cogent and better than ever this is the best? Or is it that he's not cogent and someone needs to tell him to step aside?


That's right. Joe. Joe said, you know, I know per I, Joe, I know Joe personally. He's never been better. This is the best Biden that there's ever been. He was actually less guarded before and that was to his detriment. So he wasn't even talking about what was relayed to him by AIDS or anything like that. He was talking about his own personal relationship with Joe Biden. Yes. So you Could tell him right now, look into the camera. 'cause we know he watches your show every day and say you've become infirm. I'm sorry, but we've all seen it. And you're gonna cost the Democrats or how many houses in the Senate and how many houses, how many seats in the reverse that, how many seats in the house and how many seats in the Senate? He's, I don't use the P word.


That's where I draw the line on my swearing. But he's too much of a P word to actually do it. This is the closest he's gonna come. It's absurd. So let's move on. Because the, one of the most shocking things that's happened in the media this past four days, five days since the assassination attempt has been like the truth. Aism is a truth aism that's being born about whether the assassination attempt actually happened. Alright, hold on. Here is, here's just a little bit of it. This is the latest iteration, Ari Melbourne, M-S-N-B-C host, suggesting that, not that this didn't happen, but that the Trump bandage is really fake news.


Oh, right. Yes. It's Trump acting. Yeah. You know, because why would he have to do that, Ari? 'cause he didn't get shot in the ear. Like, why would you have to act with your fake bandage? Do we have it? We're we're trying to get it. But this is on the heels of, we played earlier in the show, Joy Reid coming right out being like, why haven't I heard the briefing? Was the ear actually shot? And so on. Here's Ari. This was also showmanship by a politician known for his mastery of what they call unscripted reality tv. Here's how the New York Times put it on the first night of this convention, Trump was his own biggest prop. He entered the VIP box, a large white bandage on his injured right ear.


The result of a close call on Saturday with a would be assassin's bullet. And that made it the most potent placard in the hall. That's fair. A placard for delegates to fill in an image for political mobilization, a spectacle for this candidate who we know is by his own admission, obsessed with assorted spectacles. There is a political quest here to mine and use Donald Trump's injury. And whether his allies and Republicans or the candidate himself do that in a way that overextends their credibility Oh, will be decided by the voters. It's incredible.


I was talking about this last night with some other reporters. So when George Bush did the mission accomplished photo, there was some backlash among reporters. This is a staged event. It's propaganda. We don't want to use it. That's, there's a little bit of legitimacy to that point of view. Like, I don't, I don't not obligated to use a White House photo that when they stage the scene. But what happened to Donald Trump, this photo, which they're now calling photoganda, they made, they made up a word for it. My gosh. That's what happened. It's the, it's a news photo of something that actually happened at the event. And there, and there are people who are calling for him for newspapers to not use that image. They're talking about the bandage being a prop.


I mean, if it was four feet high, that might be ridiculous. But it's, it's an inappropriately sized bandage. It's Hard to bandage an ear. It's like either that or the, the wrap around the head, which they'd really go nuts over. Right. I mean, and he's, from what I understand, he might need surgery for it. I mean, it's an open question, but whatever. That's, it's just a ridiculous thing to make an issue out. It. It's born of their hate. They can't, they don't realize what they're showing us about their true feelings. Right. And it's just ob absurd. I mean, we all saw the bloody ear when it happened. It's definitely gnarly. And I'm sure President Trump a doesn't wanna parade it around for everybody to look at. Like a, but it's still an open wound. B it's still an open wound as far as we know. It wasn't Stitch. And I'm sure he doesn't wanna expose it to him being a germophobe to tens of thousands of people Right.


In this arena. Absolutely. You know, he's 78 years old himself. It's just ridiculous. Okay. So there, then there's the truth aism, because it's not just Joy Reid and the soundbite we played Michael Steele, former RNC head, wanting to know the details about, you know, the bullet. Let's see more. I wanna know, you know, more about the actual shooting. And then we had Kara Swisher out there yesterday saying, oh, he did get up awfully fast. Like, like what? Like he, it was all a setup. Right? That's obviously the implic. Somebody died right behind him. Right. Well, did Trump have that man killed? Right. Like what's the theory that this is all made up? And it's not, this is not just the lunatic fringes.


No, I Know. It's all over MSN bbc, some CNNs. So what is it they're so angry about the Trump, Trump being triumphant and looking like a superhero in that one photo? I, I, I, I don't know. I mean, I think it's like a mass psychogenic illness, but it's been kind of in place since the beginning of the Trump presidency. We, you know, the reporters have sort of just agreed to agree upon certain themes and they, they, they're like deer in a herd. Once 50% of them agree to go one way, they all go, you know, and this, this talking point today is questioning whether the bullet really hit him. Maybe it was glass from a, a shattered teleprompter. That's the, that's the line that some people are going. But there was no shattered tele teleprompter Either way.


Why not just own it and say, okay, he, he did get up awfully fast. You know? I mean, Jen er, who's no no has no love for Donald Trump. No. He tweeted, I have to say that was a gangster moment. Right? Yes. Just say it, you know, move on. If, you have criticisms about his policy or other things. You're gonna go there. Yes. But why not? But why do this? It just makes you look bad. Yes. I just don't understand as a, as a reporter or as a journalist, you, you lose trust when you do that. There's, there's no gain there. They Can't stand it. And you're talking about the photoganda, there's this debate amongst photographers on whether their iconic photos of Trump ought to be used. They don't like seeing them used over and over and the, like, the campaign might use them and they don't want that. It's like it's history. It you're, you don't get to say how it gets used after the fact by a copyright maybe, but just in terms of editorial judgment, that's up to the news people.


Sure. And this was a criticism that a lot of journalists got during Russiagate when, you know, there were reports that were contrary to the popular narrative about him. They would say to us, well, this is gonna be used by the Trump campaign. They're, they're, they're going to publish this. Well, it's true. What, what are we gonna do about that? You know, like, it's not a legitimate criticism to say, to worry about who benefits from a true image or a true fact or whatever it is. Meanwhile, the same people who are wring their hands over that over at M-S-N-B-C, for example, are faking their background as if they're here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Did they really do that? They're Not here.


They're not here. But they're broadcasting from a set that has the, the, the RNC in the background. So they call on digitally Super. Oh my God. That's there. It's, it's, it's digitally superimposed Now they do come on and say live from New York. So they are technically disclosing that they're not in Milwaukee, but they don't keep going back to it and alerting the audience who might join two minutes late that they're not actually here and they continue to ignore gold star families and others. And they're basically fake newing their way through the RNC. Yeah. You know, it's interesting because I was at the 2016 convention and there were, there were tons of media who were hostile to Donald Trump there at that time because I think they thought he was going to lose.


Yeah. There was a sort of a celebration moment for them, but they're not here conspicuously. Yeah. There, there are a few networks who aren't friendly to Trump who are here and a few more sort of objective ones. But why not? Why do that? That's crazy. I know. It's like, I don't care whether they come or they don't, don't come, but don't stay home and then try to make it look like you spent the money and the time and the effort to come to Milwaukee, get to know the locals, get the feel for the convention. Right. You know, maybe if they'd bothered to come, they would've taken the Gold Star families instead of what they did because you would've seen, oh my God, something Incredibles happening in this arena right now. But no, They're probably gonna end up with brats on their, on their set.


Right. Like eating. Yes. Wisconsin mustard and Sheep Schitz A Big schitz here. Exactly. Okay. There's a couple more other moments we've gotta get to. Last night there was a great moment where JD Vance talked about his bio, which is just perfection. It's just amazing the stories in his past and the characters. You know, that's why Ron Howard made a movie outta the book and the star of his life and his story is his grandmother Maw, who I talked with the audience about earlier this week, used to call him affectionately shithead. But as she was telling him, get good grades, you could change your life. You can be anything you wanna be. Don't be a victim, don't feel sorry for yourself. You know, that kind of thing. And here is a little bit of him talking about mammaw in the speech.


Mammaw was in so many ways, a woman of contradiction. She loved the Lord, ladies and gentlemen. She was a woman of very deep Christian faith, but she also loved the F word. I'm not kidding. She could make a sailor blush. Now, she once told me, when she found out that I was spending too much time with a local kid who was known for dealing drugs, that if I ever hung out with that kid again, she would run him over with her car.


That's true. And she said, jd, no one will ever find out about it. Lemme tell you another ma story. Now, my mammaw died shortly before I left for a rack in 2005. And when we went through her things, we found 19 loaded handguns. They, they were stashed all over her house, under her bed, in her closet, in the silverware door. And we wondered what was going on, And. it occurred to us that towards the end of her life, mamaw couldn't get around so well.


And so this frail old woman made sure that no matter where she was, she was with an arm's length of whatever she needed to protect her family. That's who we fight for. That's American spirit, Which leads most normal people to be like, I wish I could have known maw, but not at a, b, c news. Here was their reaction. Talk about his maw having 19 loaded guns, 19 over the house to huge applause inside this convention hall. Strong beliefs across this country on all ends of the spectrum here. I'm not sure everybody at home received that line. Perhaps the same way The 19 guns also struck me, David, just after that assassination attempt talking about guns and applause here in the audience.


Yeah. It was a striking moment for sure. Oh my God. They just have no sense of humor. And this is really sad because of the, you know, I, I grew up a Democrat and part of it was because they did have a sense of humor. I mean, they, they were the parties that embraced people like Richard Pryor and, you know, all the SNL characters back in the day were, who were actually funny at that time. But How can you not laugh at at, at that story, right. Even if you're, you know, for gun control. It's kind of a funny story. Anyway, and I say, do your homework, because reading his book about why she had 19 guns, she did not live in a good area there. Everybody was stealing from everybody. There was a lot of violence in their lives.


Like, shut up Martha Ratts with your million dollar life. Right? Right. You don't know what You're Talking about. Your paid security. Right, right. Yeah. And David Muir too, in a rare moment of partisan, he's usually not so partisan. but that was not a good moment for him. Alright, here's our worst for the night. The worst And. it takes a lot given the competition that you've just watched here is JD Vance talking about his, before he moved to Middletown, Ohio. He was from, he, he was raised in Kentucky in his really early years in the challah. And that was with Mamaw and a long history of Vance hillbillies, you know, doing all sorts of things to each other, the neighbors. And you did not cross each other. You did not end well. Really colorful family If, you read the book. So we told a little bit about that area of Kentucky and how we would like to actually wind up buried there someday.


Watch us. Now, when I proposed to my wife, we were in law school and I said, honey, I come with $120,000 worth of law school debt and a cemetery plot on a mountainside in eastern Kentucky. Now that cemetery plot in eastern Kentucky is near my family's ancestral home. And like a lot of people, we came from the mountains of Appalachia into the factories of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Now in that cemetery, there are people who were born around the time of the Civil War. And if, as I hope my wife and I are eventually laid to rest there and our kids follow us, there will be seven generations just in that small mountain cemetery plot in eastern Kentucky.


Seven generations of people who have fought for this country, who have built this country, who have made things in this country, and who would fight and die to protect this country if they were asked to. I give you Alex Wagner on M-S-N-B-C, But I do think there were some sort of Easter eggs of white nationalism. Yeah. In the speech, one of the things that stuck out to me was when he started talking about what America is, he said, America is not just an idea, it is a group of people with a shared history and a common future. The thing about America is that it's not a group of people with shared history. And he went a long sort of a paragraph, at least about this plot in eastern Kentucky where his seven gen or six generations of his family are, are buried.


And his hope is that his wife and he are eventually laid to rest there and their kids follow them. It reveals someone who believes that the history that the family should inherit, and indeed the history that should be determinative in the, in the story of the Vance family is the, the history of the Eastern Kentucky Vance is, and not the Vance is from San Diego, which is where his wife is from and where her Indian parents are from. But in America, it doesn't always have to be the white male lineage that trumps, that defines the family history that that branch of the tree supersedes all else. And, and I, and I just think the construction of of this notion reveals a lot about someone who fundamentally believes in the supremacy of whiteness and masculinity.


And it's couched in a sort of halian, you know, revisitation of his roots, but it is actually really revealing about what he thinks matters and who America is. And that America is, is a place for people with a shared western background. And that is the idea of America. That is the nation of America. That he wants to resurrect university Cut to Joy Reid and Lawrence O'Donnell. Yes. Yes. It was, that moment was about his whiteness and his maleness, Matt. Right. So I remember during the bush years and with the Terry Shiloh scandal, you remember the, in the media, we always love those stories about, you know, people who saw the face of Jesus and tree stumps and things like that.


This is exactly the same story. They see like toxic white masculinity everywhere. Even where it ne it isn't really, I mean, there are things you can criticize about the Republican party, about the platform, If, you want to, but again, they're, it's such a stretch. It's such a reach to read that much into what's really just this, a true detail about his life. Who, like, who would bring identity politics into where we get buried. You know, I'm just as important as you are, doesn't seem like Usha has a family plot and that JD does and the history and his fam, I mean, like I, if she has some family plot, maybe they, maybe they go there, but sounds like she actually thought this was a bonus and she realized her loving husband was, it was an important thing to him.


How does it turn into like your whiteness, like everything, everything has to be reduced to this bullshit. I mean, if you're gonna take that position, then everything in American history is a, you know, some kind of expression of toxic white masculinity. There's, he's celebrating his, his personal family's history. What isn't an expression of that? If you're looking at things through that lens, She would've done better had she had better acumen. All right. Finally, we appear to be on the brink of Joe Biden withdrawing as candidate for reelection. Right. And how long will it take New York minute or shorter for the media to go back to protecting the democratic nominee?


Oh, I think, you know, my personal guess is Saturday is when we're gonna hear the news. I mean, that would be the prime time to do it. If you wanted to any kind of balance from this convention for the beginning of the next work week. But in America has such a short attention span now. A lot of people were saying they're gonna give up. They're, they're not going to do all the crazy stuff. They've been doing all for the last, you know, eight years. I disagree. I think they're going to double down again. They're gonna find some new stupid, crazy narrative and they're gonna back whoever is the nominee as if nothing happened as soon as they can. Yeah. Right. I mean, do you think so?


100% right? Yeah. All skepticism of the democratic nominee will evaporate and there will be an anointing of Kamala or whomever it is and very little back checking or, you know, fact checking or bio checking on that person's story. Right. And it'll be, then it'll be all about Trump too, right. And how evil he is. Yeah. The assassination has already been completely forgotten. The attempt, they, they've memory hold that they don't wanna talk about it 'cause he looks good. So they'll spend time on how he's the devil. He's still a Hitler and that'll be that. Yeah. I mean it's, it's a OneNote messaging campaign at this point. They don't know how to do anything else. Memory holding is what they do and I think that's what, where they'll go And that's why they're boring and they have a failing business model.


Right. Unlike us. Matt, Great to see you. Great to see You. Megan Thanks to all of you for being with us this week. The crowd's been fantastic, but tomorrow we'll recap the final night, including President Trump's much anticipated speech. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.