
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Monday. Well, we might get a peace deal in Ukraine this week, and the media is freaking out about Elon Musk emailing every government employee this weekend. But the big news tonight will be Joy Reed's final show on M-S-N-B-C, single tier white woman. Tears happening right here. Joy. She was officially fired over the weekend because she's a racist, horrible news anchor with no ratings.


And that's, that's really been the truth for a long time. MSNBC's under new management, and I guess they decided to come to grips with reality. The truth is, this is very sad news for us as she's provided so much material over the years. It's, I, I feel the way I felt when Brian Stelter got fired, but he came back and you never know. I'm sure Joy Reed will wind up doing something where we will continue to get to respond to her Absolutely insane. POV. We're gonna get into what it means with our guest today for the full show. Victor Davis Hansen. He's a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, author of the book, The Case For Trump.


We continue to face uncertainty when it comes to the economy with a perfect storm brewing as social security and Medicare hit a breaking point as the largest generation is hitting retirement. A smaller workforce means a smaller tax base. You pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future?


Well, gold can be a safe haven in hard economic times, and Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold, and it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump, Jr. There's no obligation, just information. Birch Gold has earned the trust of countless Americans looking to safeguard their savings. Just text my initials MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


VDH Welcome back. Thank you for having me, Megan. Oh, I like the Matt Drudge hat Look today, very small. Oh, I don't know if it's Matt Drudge. I don't think it's Matt Drudge, but Well, obviously Matt Drudge. We no longer recognize Matt Drudge the actual, No, I don't, I don't, I don't know. I don't know what happened to him. Something happened to don't, Neither do I. Somebody said, and this is totally unconfirmed, but somebody told me when I was in, You know, some, some political mucky muck circles over the Super Bowl weekend that they heard he got bought out by somebody with like hundreds of millions. And that person is a leftist and kind of purchased his opinion. That doesn't sound like drudge to me, but what the hell do I know?


Okay. I know. Forget about him. Let's talk about Joy Reed. I I'm so torn. Oh, Victor, I'm so torn. You know, I'm, I'm thrilled she's gone. She literally was the most racist person on television, her and her most favorite guest, Eli Misel or Ellie Misel. So they deserve 100% both to be fired, but You know, it's like we won't have her to kick around anymore. And there's this, there's a little sadness in that. This is one of the rea many reasons why most of us are absolutely delighted to see her get fired from this show. And it appears from M-S-N-B-C tonight. We believe we'll be here last night, A little walk down memory lane in so one, But in America there's a thing about both white vigilantism and white tears, particularly male white tears.


Really white tears in general, because that's what carrots are, right? They Karen out and then as soon as they get caught, it's green water works. Ron DeSantis has been waging a full scale war against the black past. It's illegal to make white people feel uncomfortable in Florida. You also have the restrictions in schools over what can be taught about race and gender for fear. White children might feel bad when they find out that not all white people in history were heroes. Do any of you guys trust Uncle Clarence? These Republicans are dangerous. They're dangerous to our national security because stoking that kind of soft white nationalism eventually leads to the hard force from the Tea Party on they're voting on race, the idea that they can't get whatever job they want.


A black person got it, therefore drive all the blacks out of the colleges. They just voting specifically on racial animus at this stage. It isn't about economics. No. They wanna turn every state into their white Christian nationalist. Hell is Stephan one. Y'all take action and stay woke. So will Mr. A little, I guess Victor, what do you make of the fact that sh even M-S-N-B-C finally had enough? Yeah, I mean, if you had just substituted the word black for white and any other person had said what she did and just said black instead of white, they would've been fired in 24 hours.


She knew that too. So she, I, I remember though, you remember Megan, when she first got on, she had this whole paper trail of being a homophobe. Do you remember that? Yes. And then she said, and then she said, I'm gonna get the FBI to investigate 'cause I was hacked. And then she completely lied on the air. She was never hacked. And then she said she may not have been hacked, but she couldn't. Then she said she was almost as if she was in a suspended state of animation. I, I may have written this, but I don't remember ever saying this right. And it was so pathetic. Doesn't sound like it. She would've been, yeah, she should have been fired for that. And then she had a big rant once I remember where she was mad that so-called white women had cornrows and this was cultural appropriation, and she was going to wear authentic black hairstyles.


And then all of a sudden she started wearing blo. She dyed her hair blonde and straightened thought looked like Trump. Yeah. And I thought, wow, you're culturally a this. Why do you wanna look like an Anglo-Saxon after you gave election that nobody should, why can't TI wear the cornrows or have my daughter get cornrows in The Bahamas on a trip, but she can take my hair, she can try to imitate my hair. No problem whatsoever. Yes. So all I'm saying is that she was a sad person. She was had a horrible, I'm not trying to psychoanalyze her, but she was terribly insecure. And it came out, it just exuded from her insecurity, insecurity, insecurity. And she was thrashing around and it was really the problem of the management to put her out there.


They should have yanked her from the very beginning. And that Ellie Massel, he was an outright racist. I remember he said right after Covid, I got used to not seeing white people anymore. And it was a good feeling. And he, he just said things that, that were, I mean, they were horribly racist and they, they kept, they kept spouting that filth and it was horrible. And they never, nobody ever said anything. And then finally, the only, and I, her ratings had stayed if, I don't think they were ever great. But the only reason they took them off is that people got sick of her after the election, but, or they would've kept her on. They were never bothered by what she said. They were just trying to adjudicate whether it was good enough to justify the advertisers.


I don't know. So they replaced her with two, three other hosts, two of whom are black, one of whom is Hispanic. And I guess they think that will save them. We'll see, they fired everybody. Her entire staff has been laid off, which apparently they found out about the cancellation from the trade mags or from from, from the, the internet seems as the rest of us classic NBC move. There's such a classy group over there. But it is true that among the dumbest people over at M-S-N-B-C, she appears to have been the dumbest and the worst rated. We just pulled the ratings from Thursday night on Thursday night. This is in the, the 25 to 54 demo. I mean, this is just unbelievable. Like truly, when I was at Fox, we were, a bad night in the demo would be in the, in the threes 300 and change, but it was often 600,000, 700,000 and change in the demo.


Those are now the overall numbers. The total audience numbers on a great numbers for most of cable news. Here's her demo number from Thursday night, 59,000. She was 4,000 away from Slashies, which is by, well no, 9,000, which is 50,000. She was 59,000. That's what she got in the overall demo. She lost to her competitor on CNN who had 104,000 lost to Laura Ingram, who had 389,000, lost the whole ratings race inside M-S-N-B-C, where their great white hope, Jen Psaki, who's taking over now at nine, this is all part of a reshuffling.


She got 65,000 in the key demo. 65. That's okay. That's their future. Rachel Maddow, she's their big star for $30 million a year, all you have to pull is 144,000 in the demo, which I think is what we got. I don't even, I mean like maybe overnight at 3:00 AM during a weekend program lineup at Fox 144,000 now earns you $30 million a year on M-S-N-B-C. And then the next lowest, well after Reed and Saki was Stephanie Rule with 88,000. Lawrence O'Donnell got 103,000. These are all terrible, terrible, terrible numbers.


And that's one of the many reasons Joy Reed is out because she was not only a racist, it was very obvious and incredibly alienating, but she didn't rate Victor and I think she lasted longer than she otherwise would've given the fact that she constantly played the race card. Yeah. And one of the reasons they lost the election, there were many, but one of the reasons is that they were so anachronistic. They looked at these legacy media, N-B-C-A-B-C-C-B-S-P-B-S-N-P-R, LA Times, Chicago Time Tribune, Washington Post New York. And they, and they thought that because 60 Minutes, they thought that these were back in, they were back in the 1960s or seventies with these huge ratings.


And then they didn't realize that, You know, Joe woven your show, all these casters, all this Fox is doing well, Newsmax had bigger than some of these people. There was a whole, and then there were online influence. There was a whole new media. And you think that these hip people from Silicon Valley who were left wing would've told them or somebody, but they were very out of day old fuddy duddies. And they kept, they kept sending, they, they didn't put, they had an opportunity with Joe Biden at the Super Bowl. They had an opportunity with Kamala Harris to go on Joe Rogan. They had, and they just were so either out of it and they didn't understand that the whole media world had changed or they were afraid because they were not these sympathetic obsequious left-wing legacy interviewers, or they had to pay them like Hop Oprah or Cardi B or somebody, but whatever it was, they, they didn't understand the new media at all.


Yeah. And, and we'll, we'll see whether, I mean, she's probably gonna come, come over into the digital lane. We'll see whether she has any followings so far. Like Tiffany Cross, who also had this type of a program on M-S-N-B-C, which is just all about her hatred for whites. She decided to go independent. She's been an abject failure. Don Lemon's podcast, abject failure. So we'll see how she does. Here is just a couple of b bits of background on the her anti L-G-B-T-Q past between 2007 Variety provided this good recap in oh nine. She blogged about then Florida Governor Charlie Kris referring to him as Miss Charlie tagging the posts gay politicians suggesting that gay men prey on young men in a way that many people consider to be immoral.


She said she was repulsed by the film Brokeback Mountain and said, does that make me homophobic? Probably in a 2018 statement, she claimed that the posts were fabricated by an unknown external party who'd gained access to her blog. She said she'd hired a cybersecurity expert. I remember this, this is so fun. She later conceded, no evidence of hacking had been found. She issued a blanket apology noting quote, I genuinely do not believe I wrote those hateful things because they're completely alien to alien to me. But I can definitely understand based on things I have tweeted and have written in the past, why some people don't believe me. Also that because we have brains and we know no one jumped on your blog to write a bunch of homophobic stuff and nothing else.


And then got off. Yeah, Yeah. If you have some, If you have some, she claimed there was a fake f FBI I investigation. If you have someone like that that is so egregious and just flat out lies, and then you keep her there, then that tells her I can do anything on the air. I can say anything outrageous because I have said the most done, the most outrageous thing in the world. And they kept me here. And they knew that. And after that they had no control over because she always felt she could play the race card because she had, and the same thing with her guest. And I think I, here's I I, here's a, hold that thought for one second 'cause I, we have a little bit more because the other thing that kept her on the air was her serious case of TDS.


I mean, she's a massive Trump hater. They all are on ms. But my god, this woman's unhinged. A few examples. We've laid out the stakes in this crucial election where one side stands for freedom while the other meets the textbook definition of fascism, namely a far right dictatorial regime like Hitler's Germany, or we still don't know for sure whether Donald Trump was hit by a bullet. For me, there is something wonderfully poetic. The first person to actually criminally prosecute Donald Trump is a black Harvard grad and a black woman is doing this same exact thing in Georgia.


Donald Trump is being held to account by the very multicultural, multiracial democracy that he's trying to dismantle. Go, DEI, my deis are bringing it home. What he's telling his voters, his black Haitians are violent cannibals, black people are the enemy. Black people are gonna be responsible if and when I lose and you are permitted through my language to do violence to them. That was her interpretation of Springfield. It's crazy. And she's not very bright because you can make the argument that the 23 to 26% of black males that voted for Donald Trump might've made the difference in places like Pittsburgh and Philadelphia and Milwaukee and Detroit that put him over the top on the electoral college.


He got, he, he split, almost split the Hispanic vote and he got a record number of Jewish voters. So when she said that about black people are going to make the difference, yeah, they did make the difference in getting them elected. And he kept pretty steady with white males. His base, he didn't lose any, but where he got that extra million and a half or from minorities. And the reason is, is that they don't listen to people like her anymore, A increasing number. At least don't they look at things like energy prices and inflation and they don't like to hear all that because, You know, You know where I am at the, the Hoover Institution. I, You know, when I used talk to Tom Sole or Shelby Steele or Chiron Skinner, it was almost as if it was as if that you didn't even realize what color you were.


It was just on the strength of an idea that you assess people. And that's, they welcome that. And a lot of African Americans do. And I think an increasing number do. And then she comes in and because she's not very well versed and she's not very bright, then she has to play the race card. And then people who, You know, are very accomplished don't wanna have anything to do with her. And because she, she kind of, she pollutes the whole racial dialogue. She's done a lot of damage, is what I'm trying to say. Megan. Yeah. She's not just an entertainer. She's a hatemonger and she's, she's done a lot of damage and she's brought, a lot of people are angry at her and I, and she brought it on herself Totally.


But I have zero sympathy for her. Very, You know, people say like, oh, you shouldn't celebrate when somebody loses their job. Well, who says, I can't. I am, I am celebrating. She de deserves it. She never should have been on there to begin with. She's talentless honestly. She, she makes her talent, so-called talent is being a racist on tv. That's her talent. She's, she'll say the most incendiary, nasty things possible about whites and blacks who are conservative. That's the main criterion. If you're white, doesn't matter your politic stripes. She doesn't like you. If you're a black person who's conservative, she hates you even more than she hates the whites. Clarence Thomas is one. I mean, anybody who pipes up as a black conservative is the enemy to Joy Reed, we checked in just to see if, has she changed at all?


What's like, what happened on her most episode? So we went to Friday just to pull a clip and take a look at this one. This is Wajahat Ali, who is not also a terrible person who was part of that infamous panel with Don Lemon about these Republicans in their maps. And they're so stupid. Yeah. So here he is now this time with Joy Reed and what would maybe be her ultimate or penultimate show. Every community has what I call their chickens for Colonel Sanders. And what I want to tell the Byron do, and every community's got a McDonald, I got a Cash Patel, we got a, we got a m You know, we got the Hailey. We all got 'em all right. What I wanna say is this, they'll never love you. They'll never love you.


No matter what you do, they'll never love, you can never wipe out that brown or black skin. She's shaking her head up and down, up and down as he's saying it. The, you can't be a Republican. If you're Byron Donalds victor, they'll never love you. They all secretly hate you. You are, as he put it, a a chicken for Colonel Sanders. Yeah. I mean that's one of the reasons they lost that iconic moment when Barack Obama started dressing down those staffers. You remember for Kamala Harris, those black, young, really idealistic people and they were working for, and he came over and said, you really basically said to them, you're suffering from Marxist false consciousness. You don't know that you're supporting sexist and racist, but I have to tell you that 'cause I'm morally superior and intellectually superior and I've gotta tell you what you're doing 'cause you're too stupid to find out.


And that condescending attitude was why people that were sort of on the grassroots in, in popular culture, some of the rappers, people like Stephen Smith, Charlemagne, the God that, not that they were for Trump, but they got so sick of all these elite African-American bicoastal elite, which they played the same role, Meghan to the African-American male community, that white liberals on the coast and the media universities do to the working class people of East Palestine, Ohio. It's that condescending. We, we are ashamed of you idea, you're of our same race, but we're ashamed of you.


And that, that gave a lot of latitude for Donald Trump. What he was basically saying is, all you people who are poor whites or middle class whites or middle class blacks, or poor middle class Hispanics, you all have more in common with each other than you do with these people. And he was able to, You know, he didn't get a majority, but he was really able to make inroads in that. And it was a class, shared class anger and repulsion at elites of each of these groups. And what it did is under Trump, Trump really was a maestro at it. He was able to tell these people, if you're a white truck driver, if you're a black carpenter, if you're a Hispanic contractor, you have more in common you guys with each other.


And I, I, that iconic moment again at that McDonald's when the Indian Amer guy from India and his wife were there and he said, I'm just an ordinary person. And Trump said, you're not ordinary. That was right off the cuff. And then his wife said, you took a bullet for us. And he said, You know, I, I guess I did. And those moments were really, they resonated throughout the campaign and these people kept trying to play this 1960s, You know, black Panther almost line and, You know, everybody was sick of it. They were completely sick of it. And it, I, I hope that they keep doing it because the, I guess Mark Penn came out this week with polls that show that the Democratic, everybody was saying that the Trump honeymoon will end very quickly and he's doing such controversial things and maybe he slipped a PO point or two, but you look at the Democratic polls and they're not getting any better.


Whatever they're doing is Not working. I mean, James Carville just gave an interview to Dan Abrams saying that the, just, just be quiet. 'cause the Trump White House is imploding and it'll be over, I think he said in six weeks or 30 30 days to six weeks, it'll be over. It just imploding then drops a Harris, a Harvard Harris poll today showing Donald Trump approval rating. 52% disapproval 43. Well, it doesn't feel like it's imploding, but okay, we'll wait, James, no, that was a rare hard miss from James. And that's a really good point about James CarVal. 'cause he was always posed as the authentic voice of the working man Democrat. But he'd become just like the bicoastal elite. And you could really see the other day when Stephen Smith said something about politics and he just went into a profanity ridden thing.


You don't know anything about politics, stayed at you're ESPN sports announcer. You don't know any. And it was, it sounded like a professor, You know, it sounded like a media grande that was dressing down somebody. And here was this so-called white working class vo voice of the Clinton years acting like an elite talking to this black man and saying, you are don't know your rear end from a hole in the ground. And started lecturing him and, and they can't help it. And, and that's who they are now. They're a condescending out of touch elite. And they keep, they think that the more heat, the more profanity, the more screaming, the more threats, the more light they're gonna get.


And it's not working. And we'll see what happens in the midterms. But this their strategy, it's not working of demonizing, it's not working. So I Think he said 30 days. So we'll see. Okay, we'll look 30 days from today to see whether Trump is still president and whether he still has a White House that's operational and making important decisions. So stay on this subject of Joy Reed and Trump. He tweeted out, or truth doubt his thoughts. Lowlife chairman of Comcast, Brian Roberts has finally gotten the nerve up to fire. One of the least talented people in television. The mentally obnoxious racist joy Reed also thrown out. This is news too, was Alex Wagner the sub on the seriously failing Rachel Maddow show.


Rachel rarely shows up because she knows there's nobody watching. Not wrong there. Then there's Of course the low IQ conman l Sharpton. What is he doing to Brian Roberts to stay on the air? He did not get fired. Nothing more than an illegal arm of the Democratic party, meaning M-S-N-B-C. Fake news is an unpardonable sin. So here is a little reaction from the left. That was obviously from the right here's former M-S-N-B-C anchor Keith Berman with quite the take. Melissa Harris Perry, Tiffany Cross, joy Reed, Alex Wagner, four women.


What did they have in common? Well, let's see. They all had their own shows, solo hosts on M-S-N-B-C and they were all women of color and they've all been fired. You know what's Michael Steele is a man of color. And Simone Sanders is a woman of color. And Alicia Menendez is a woman of color. You know, they are official, they are safe. Abby Philip goes out there and gets tortured by this racist Scott Jennings. It's his show. And it's a bunch of people talking about how much of a racist he is. And he leans back in the chair and rocks back and forth and mugs to the camera and creates viral clips.


And somebody at M-S-N-B-C said, wouldn't we rather have that than Joy Reed, who's now bald appearing on television every night at seven o'clock? Whoa, Whoa. They, they can't help It. You know, the first point there, Victor, he's not wrong. That they, he they've replaced this incendiary woman with, You know, two people. Michael Steele can obviously be offensive and say offensive things. Simone Sanders more so these days. She used to be more reasonable. Now she's gotten harder left, but he's not wrong. That there's, there's a shift happening there, Ms, because this just in three more people fired at M-S-N-B-C, this is from the New York Post.


The new president there continued to overhaul the embattled network canceling shows. So maybe they're not fired, we're not sure, but their shows are canceled by left wing anchors. I'm on Mohaideen, Katie Fang and Jonathan Capehart. I'm on, I don't know his, I don't wanna presume from based on his name, but I do think he's, he's Muslim. Katie Fang is an Asian person, woman. And Jonathan Capehart is a black man who wrote for the Washington Post and was really, he was the only person, he was like hard leaning into hands up, don't shoot. And as I recall, he was the only person to ever acknowledge that turned out to be wrong. I'm sorry.


So I give him points for that. But he is hardcore leftist woke here. He was just the other week doing that DNC round table before they voted on their new president. And everybody had to say if they were non-binary, 'cause they needed to get their non-binary numbers up. And this was Jonathan Capehart. What really drilling down to what was most important, I remember that in the next leader of the DNC watch, How many of you believe that racism and misogyny played a role in Vice President Harris's defeat All hands up. Okay, so that's good. You all passed.


Okay, so he's now gone, he lost his show. And here's just a little ba background on what Mohaideen did. The weekend of October 7th, this is via national review. He said that Hamas terrorism is ultimately the end result of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, ignoring Palestinians adding that the attacks are very deadly consequences of failed policies. So that's him Katie Fang. I don't know what her sin was other than terrible ratings, but M-S-N-B-C is gleaning something Victor, and that something is not a positive sign for them.


No, they, You know, they were un hinge before George Floyd, but somewhere between me too, 2018 19. And George Floyd, after that, they really did miscalculate. They thought that the country, because of their hatred of Donald Trump and then especially the George Floyd riots, and then the election of Joe Biden, they thought that this was a new frontier. And that Joe Biden, we were into a revolutionary period. And Biden was this useful waxing effigy for all of these Obama people. And they were gonna be, have this radical agenda and these people at M-S-N-B-C and to a le lesser extent CNN, were gonna ride this wave and, and propel it.


And they could say anything they want. The, the blinders were off, the muzzles were off. They could say do anything. And they really did. And they didn't realize the mood of the country where it was. They were, we were in the middle of a counter revolution because people were sick of an open border and the whole transgendered stuff and the crime and the foreign policy in Afghanistan. And the more that they just kept doubling down, the more there were signs there that the law fair or getting Trump off the ballot or the Mar-a-Lago raid, they were triumphing that the more that they didn't understand that that was getting people angry. And so they were doubling down rather than being introspective and saying, oh my gosh, I don't think that we're quite in a hard left revolution that everybody's supporting and we should, I think we're starting to get resistance.


They could have said, let's try to be a little bit more analytical. Instead they said, we gotta get more angry and more angry and get more angry guests. And they blew themselves up. And I, I guess when Capehart says that, he thinks that's, that Kamala Harris lost because she was black and female. I guess he thinks that Joe Biden was what I don't know, was he, was he going to to win or lose because Joe Biden would've lost as much as I think Kamala Harris and he was a white male. So I don't know what his point is. It's silly. Nobody in that party was going to win no matter what color or gender there was, given that the key issues that they were trying to articulate to the American people were polling about 20 or 30% support across the board.


Right? Here's, here's now what they've done because this, this won't be over for M-S-N-B-C-I, I've told the story before, but when I went into the 9:00 AM slot on NBC replacing Tamron Hall, the National Association of Black Journalists wrote a letter to NBC saying, you're racist 'cause you replaced a black woman with a white woman. And like NBC called them to say, what are you talking about? This is ridiculous. We have lots of black hosts up down the lineup. And they admitted they were doing a favor that they got asked, this was a favor. And I know who called it in to, to complain on behalf of this black host.


So now what they've done in their primetime lineup over at M-S-N-B-C is they've replaced out of their 1, 2, 3, 4 primetime hosts. Two were women of color. Alex Wagner is a woman of color. I'm not exactly what her, what her background is, but she's not white. And Joy Reid, Of course, is a black woman and they've replaced two out of the four with new hosts. In one case, they replaced Joy Reed with two black people and a Hispanic woman. And in the case of Alex Wagner, they put in a white woman. Jen Psaki is in replacing her. I'm not sure what they're gonna, I mean, it's one thing to have Rachel Madol there, that's the white woman.


They can all tolerate Sakis new to the game. Of course, I don't really call her Jen Psaki because whenever I hear her talk, I can only see and hear this To dance the cat cat dance. We need to scratch our cat paws, stomp our feet and wag our cattails here we got the mermaid free. Yay. That's how she talks. I'm sorry, but it is, so she's going to be taking over there and there will be racial blowback on M-S-N-B-C. It's happening. I guarantee you by the this time tomorrow we'll have some sort of a letter protest fiery something. It's, it's gonna happen. Yeah. I don't think, I don't wanna advise, You know, anybody in the left wing black movement.


But if you look at this multiracial democracy that they keep talking about, we have now people from India, if we call them Asians in in the same breadth as we do people from China or Japan, You know, they're up to about 15% of the population. We have about 15% of Hispanics. We have a a lot of, we don't hear from those same groups that they're gonna protest. Sometimes we do. But I think what we're watching is that this is getting very tiring because we're a multiracial society now. And it's not just a white black binary of the 1960s. And they haven't caught up with that. That's right. And, and they should look at these other groups because these other groups do have extremists that are demanding these entitlements and set-asides and quotas.


But most of the people are just ignoring it. And they're going out in the workplace and they're competing and they're doing very well and parody. And I think there's 16 ethnic groups that are not white, that have a higher per capita income than so-called whites. Whether it's Arab Americans or whether it's, You know, Taiwanese or Japanese Americans or people from India. And that's the model that the country's moving to. And this idea that the black leadership and a lot of the black average rank and file understand that. And there, that's why Donald Trump is pick, you've heard so many black people say ex accept. I don't really accept except on M Snbc. You heard Wajiha Ali? Yes.


Like we had Nim Ada, meaning Nikki Haley and we have, who was the other Indian? He, he named an Indian American. He, like everybody's gotta be in their group and be reminded that the evil Republicans will never really want you. They don't really want you Nikki Haley. Yeah. They don't really want you vi vague. They don't really want you. Byron Donalds your, your skin color is everything to them. Of course, this is projection, this is how the Democrats see it all. But lemme just give you a couple of other examples, Victor, because it's amazing. You look at the people who are going, and I'm sure in six months we'll be doing a, a montage of the people who came in, and they're probably gonna sound a lot like the people who, who left. But in any event, this Alex Wagner, who was, she was doing four days in Rachel Maddow slot and Rachel was doing Mondays.


And by the way, so the only two people remaining from those four are two white guys. They got the two white guys, Chris Hayes and Lawrence O'Donnell survived. They lived to fight another day. Okay. But Alex Wagner had to go look in MSNBC's defense. She was totally talentless, she was pretty and she was pretty, I'm sorry, this is like the list of her accomplishments and left wing, which I guess somebody at MSNBC thought Okay, that, that'll, that'll do it. This is just a sample of Alex Wagner's kind of commentary. This is heard during the DNC. Let's start with, so seven JD Vance lecturing everybody on, You know, what a family means, what it means to be a man.


Donald Trump obviously has his own version of manhood. To see Tim Walls out there as a man who is just joyfully embracing his role, talking about struggles with infertility. It takes two partners to get pregnant. And for way too long this conversation has been relegated to women or the carriers of, of pregnancies and The carriers of pregnancy. She, she caught herself for saying women and, and corrected it. I'll give you one more victor. Here she is talking about JD Vance after the Republican National Convention shot six. But I do think there were some sort of Easter eggs of white nationalism Yeah.


In the speech. Oh right. One of the long, sort of a paragraph at least about this plot in eastern Kentucky where his seven gen or six generations of his family are, are buried. And his hope is that his wife and he are eventually laid to rest there and their kids follow them. See the white male lineage that trumps that, that defines the family history that that branch of the tree supersedes all owls. And, and I, and I just think the construction of of this notion reveals a lot about someone who fundamentally believes in the supremacy of whiteness and masculinity. And it's couched in a sort of halian, You know, revisitation of his roots, but it is actually really revealing about what he thinks matters.


I this was after the RNC victor where he had been introduced by his brown wife, brown Usha Vance, with whom he's made three children proving he's not really all that obsessed with his white lineage going forward. Absolutely. And then when she talked about the masculinity of Tim Waltz and in vitro he lied about in vitro fertilization. That was a complete, he was a complete pathological liar. And then if he's gonna be so macho, he lied. He just kept spinning lie after lie after lie about his military rank, service conditions about going to Iraq. So he was a pathological what he was a forced detractor on that ticket.


And I'm talking as a white man about another white man that white male was a, he was, he took votes away from a black female. He was so mediocre, he could not, he could not tell the truth. He was herky jerky. He got on stage, he had this, he just looked like he was insane. He kept waving his arms and screaming and yelling. He was a buffon. And it's always Looked like he was being attacked by bees. He did. He did. He really, that's a good, good picture because that's exactly what happened to him. And the idea that he was a model of masculinity, it was a joke. She, everything that she, she says is just not true. And that ultimately a person has to tell the truth, at least as they see the truth.


But all these people just get up there and they lie and they don't even believe what they're saying because it's so obviously Contrary. That's so, I wonder, I wonder whether she went more left wing with that lunacy because when she first started out, she had nothing other than probably a natural leftist bent and her good looks and an obvious inability to manage her surroundings. Now this is another thing. Keith Oberman talked about this on his podcast at one point. 'cause I remember we ran the soundbite and he was talking about how he did get, he says he got Alex Wagner a job at M-S-N-B-C, but the problem was she could not read prompter or they wanted him to use her more, but she could not read prompter. So we actually looked into it and lo and behold, the man was right.


Here's sod eight Tonight. The FBI warrant used to search Mar-a-Lago is unsealed the three potential crimes laid out in that document. We'll dive into what it means and what could happen with one of the Wall Street Journal reporters who was first to report on the contents of that warrant. Then we'll, t She's panicking. Then we'll talk with, we we're gonna go, right, we are actually gonna go right to the top story. Oh my God, if you, if you're just listening to this, you have to look up on the YouTube youtube.com/ Megan Kelly three eight minutes into the show and watch her meltdown. Clearly there's a prompter issue. We all have them at times.


You navigate through it and you try not to let the audience know by mouthing what go and moving your arms around, because you always know you are on camera when the red light is on. Just a little fun walk down memory lane. There wasn't, well, there wasn't a lot to choose from there, Victor. Well, in her defense, the president of the United States would actually read the prompts on the teleprompter Stop. There's AIST thing. Period. Period. And think he actually said things like that. So she, she's doing a better job than the president did. That's, and that's the lowest bar you can imagine. She's out the door, at least from the show. Joy Reed's out the door door, Jonathan Capehart say goodbye to your show Jen Psaki moving up in the world.


But here's the bottom line, it's a bloodbath at M-S-N-B-C. And the reason is, yes, they went too far left. I mean, not too far left, but just too far. Loon. They went too far loon. And the other reason is these ratings, these numbers that I was reading to you just a moment ago, the these are horrid. These are truly horrid numbers. The overall is terrible too. The overall, okay in the seven hundreds, Rachel Maddow gets 1.8 million in the night she's in. That's respectable. That's a good number. I mean, Hannity gets 3 million. So, but I'm just saying she's not a, at a laughable number and everybody else is a joke. And that's in the overall, in the demo, the all these numbers will get you fired all day long.


59 65, 1 44 1 0 3 88. That was their prime time lineup on Thursday. So they understand their business model requires an overhaul in order for them to remain on the air. I'll just give you one other thing. Okay. Now they're pinning their hopes to, on Jen Saki. Jen Saki Dora who is, I'm sorry, but this is not a talented broadcaster. She wasn't a talented White House spokesperson and she's not a talented broadcaster. And unlike a lot of people like Mark Tesson, who I found with his little clipboard, and at the beginning he was really nerdy and sweet, but slightly stiff who had huge potential and has since realized it.


She does not have huge potential. Trust me, I have an eye for this stuff, this stuff I really do know. She does not have huge potential. She's already gone as far as she's gonna go in terms of delivery. But here is what they found worthy of boosting to the main 9:00 PM Rachel Maddow slot, at least on the four nights a week. Maddow's not there. Slot 11. It's this magical, charismatic quality in person. She just, that was fierce and fearless. I'm like, she's like an, in my view, an undervalued talent. She's a very fierce communicator. That's who she is. But there is a character out there. There is, it's almost like public opinion hasn't caught up with what she's doing out there.


And also we live in a country that is sexist and racist. Oh, okay, great. You're on onboard with the right messaging. Yeah, that's the, that goes right to the heart of why people don't, that democratic party is failing. Because any time things do not go well for them because of their own incompetence or stupidity or they're on the wrong side of the issue, they have a choice whether to be introspective and self-critical and adopt or blame it on sexism and racism. And they always take the latter. They always do every, she was one of the worst press secretaries. 'cause every time that they ask her a question that was not just a softball, she was like a deer in the headlights.


And she said, I'm gonna circle back on that. And they finally called her John j Circle back. So, or whatever. They made fun of her. That's all she said. I'm gonna circle back on that. I'll circle back on that. I'll circle back. That's right. She never, she never had an answer. She was a mediocrity. It, it's kind of sad because, You know, there are so many brilliant African American people out there, and I know that they're a left wing, but if they would get somebody like the economist, Roland Friar at Harvard, who's a public intellectual or Glenn Lowry, just put 'em on there for five minutes and say, You know, we don't wanna have you talk about politics, just explain inflation to the people. Just explain, You know, the electoral call. They would be so brilliant and it would change the whole atmosphere in those, everybody would just say, wow, it would have the exact opposite effect.


These then they keep talking about Kentucky Fried Chicken and they don't understand that they are, they are submitting a stereotype of, of mediocrity because of their ideology. But if they really want to help black people and make black incidental not essential to who we are. There's so many black people out there who are brilliant. They don't want that. And they Don't even, and and they don't want it. They don't identify by black. But if you'd put them on and people would see that, that A, they're brilliant. And two, they, they could be care less about what color they are and just listen to what they Say. No mean, I think these, these left wing channels like MS and CNN two for that matter, I know they don't want race to be anything other than essential.


They, they refuse. Yes. Like those of us who've been trying to make it less essential and follow the MLK, You know, I see a friend, I don't see a black friend. They, they object to it. They say now, now you're a racist if you feel that way. So it's, but Megan don't wanting Who's doing says mc Glen Lowy because he doesn't, he, he doesn't look at himself like that. Doesn't look, doesn't look at us like that. But when you say they do, I think what you mean is mostly white wealthy elites that feel that they're left wing and they want to have these tribal constituencies and they That I met M msnbc, but yes, them As well. Yeah, but who's running M-S-N-B-C? I don't. I mean there was, I think what's her name, Rashid, what's her name, ran it. But mostly it's a condescending Rashida Jones elite liberal white person who has this image of blacks that they can't really be free thinkers and they're gonna have to tow their line and they owe it to them.


And that's why you get all this anger from, from very wealthy white people in the Democratic Party, right after the election, they were saying things like, oh, I wish we should close those borders. Those people are, You know, they don't know. All we did for them, the Hispanic community, they were disloyal. They kept saying disloyal. They have a very condescending attitude. And that's the problem is that they, they hire black people that, that mouth the shibolet that they say, and they don't want to draw into the rich talent, the pool of talent that African Americans offer. And at least, You know, in some conservative outlets, you'll get a lot of African American people and they'll say whatever they want. Sometimes it's not always maga, but You know, people let 'em on and that's what they need to do if they're gonna reclaim their name.


But if they keep doing this, they have, they're really not just racially divisive, but it's very, it's hurting black people because they are getting the least talented people, which wouldn't matter if you didn't bring in race. But they're doing the worst of two worlds. They're bringing in le very untalented or very limited talented people. And then they're accentuating their race as if they're connected. And so when people look at that or turn it in, they say, this person is crazy and he's black. Whereas if they, they have a choice, they can either get a very talented black person and then talk about being black, or they can just say that this person is not very talented and we don't really care whether he is black or white.


But they don't do that. Right? They say this person is black, Right? I mean, there, and he's mediocre. We would normally being, we, we would not normally say like, oh, she's getting replaced by two black people and a and a Hispanic person. But that's how they count everything. And, and, You know, do full well if Joey Reed were, were replaced by a white woman, there'd be a full on meltdown at m Snbc. By the way, there still might be, like I say, I, there's going to be blowback in the next 24 48. But there's now a report that they've offered Joy Reed to come in tonight to do a final show. But just as I was coming to air, maybe this has since been resolved since, You know, 46 minutes ago that they couldn't find Joy Reed, they hadn't heard from her and they were still unclear on whether she would be showing up to do the last show.


And what, what else does she have planned? Like, who knows? So I, I dunno about you, but tonight I will be. When, when does that show air? What time is that show on Steve? It's on at, well it must be 7:00 PM Okay. 7:00 PM 'cause I have the readings here Jam. So 7:00 PM They're, I know what I'm doing tonight. They're, but don't, don't you think they're in a jam? What would you She's gonna, she's gonna go on the air and blast them and say they're racist and they know that it's Very dumb of them to allow it. They, they, they know it should just, I mean if I were running MSN bbc, I'd say you fired. And here here's the door. Thanks for your service. In the next person, nine Seven, We'll say, Joy's gone. If I was running MBC and this was her last show, I'd say I can't find her. I've looked everywhere and she hasn't reported in. That's what I'd say. Just what they said.


I must have gotten Conner Spam filter. I don't know. Yes. How, I swear I have reached a feeling she's home. I, I have a feeling she's home and she is glued to her phone and no one's called her and they keep saying, I can't find her. Where is she? And that's gonna be, You Know, she's probably having her agent call NBC news right now because the news also hit today that Leicester Holt is stepping down from his evening, his evening slot. She's probably thinking she's in the running. Joy. You're not. No sorry sweetheart, you're not, by the way, on the Lester Holt thing, it is interesting. He's stepping down NBC evening news. Nightly News has been losing to a, B, C with David Muir unbelievably oh my gosh. For some time now by a couple of million.


So that's not good for NBC, but there's, they have nobody who's gonna take on mirror. I wonder who it'll be. I don't really care. 'cause those shows are pretty irrelevant. But anyway, that happened. This just out from the New York post canned M-S-N-B-C anchor Joy Reed was spotted wearing a fur like coat and green baseball cap as she ducked out of her green baseball cap as she ducked out of her million dollar Maryland home in exclusive photos taken by the post shortly after the rabid anti-Trump host was ousted by the Embattled network. Alright, so she was seen, but we don't know whether she will be seen tonight at seven o'clock on M-S-N-B-C. There's drama. We'll wait and find out more. It's a pleasure talking to VDH today.


When we come back we'll get to actual news as opposed to just the stuff that makes us happy. Alright, don't go anywhere, Victor. Thank you. We'll be right back.


There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with the recorder, and just like that, your home's title is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you would not even know it had happened until it was too late. Here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from any of this, but I wanna tell you about Home Title Lock to protect your Home and equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title. If fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment. Don't leave it vulnerable ho Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. You just go to Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off your subscription and a free title history report to make sure you're not already a victim. Protect your home and equity today. That's Home Title Lock dot com promo code Megan 25.


So Elon Musk once again sent federal workers and their media supporters into a tailspin this weekend by sending out via the Doge team an email saying, please name five things that you've worked on this week. And it was, it, it was not well received. I think it's fair to say Q 10,000 articles about how inappropriate he is and what an offense this was. I'll give you just one example. New York Democratic Senator Andy Kim q, our public servants, I'm sorry. You're being threatened. You deserve so much better. I remember how proud I was when I first swore my oath as a civil servant on or of a lifetime.


Remember why you chose to serve stay strong. I and many others will be right by your side, somebody on X, but responded. Don't you think you're being a little bit dramatic? I could easily respond to this email from my employer. I actually do go to my job and work. They're freaked out that his, his, You know, email was, what did you do last week? And he told them to summarize their accomplishments it on X He said failure to respond would be taken as a resignation. He did not say that in the actual email, but I'm not sure this is, I'm so sorry for your loss, the honor of your job having been removed.


Victor. Yeah, I I I don't think there's any way to enforce it, but I think he wanted to draw intention to how outraged they would get. And then, and then contrast it with what everybody puts up with every day. Even at a think tank where I work, when I heard this almost simultaneously, I got an email and it said, this is time for your annual review, Victor, would you please list all the things that you have done and for the entire year, ev day by day. And we do that every year. Everybody does that. And sometimes they do it by the month, sometimes they do it by the week. But the idea that you don't have to do that. So when they got this outrage, I think it it, it's sort of trolling them.


And, and I think it really, he helped Cash Patel because he said, well, we're not gonna do it at the FBI 'cause I I protect the rank and file and they report to me. And that was kind of the criticism that the left, You've now said that, so, so just so we're clear, but Cash said that you don't have to do it. The FBI Pete said that at defense, you don't have to do it here. Tulsi just said that over the intelligence agency, you don't have to do that here. And Of course the judiciary, there was a, a mass email sent out to judges and judges staff, which who that's appropriate. They, the Article three branch does not have to respond to edicts coming from the presidency, from from Article two. So it's fine that they did that and the judiciary, but yeah, you've got a bunch of people within the executive branch saying no.


Yeah, I think that was good because it shows there's disagreement that Elon's got good ideas, but everybody's not following him. And these cabinet people and agency heads protect their own. And that's the kind of message they wanted. And whether he was serious in the ori in the beginning, I'm not sure. But it, it didn't hurt him at all. Well, you, I mean, honestly, you would think it was like he, he was like, come submit your DNA saliva and blood. And it was like, you asked what you did this week. What are five things you accomplished this week? And they didn't wanna answer it. And I'm sure, and Elon said in his defense, what we're finding is that there's so many federal employees who don't even check their email. They they don't come to work, they don't check their email, they're out to lunch.


They, they don't come to the office. That's one of the big things that they're trying to do, get 'em return to the office because they don't believe they're working. And I think they're sitting at home watching their stories on the taxpayer dime. And in a lot of cases they are. So they can't fill out the list of five things. Yeah. What I think what everybody's upset about is that every single day we get plants that shut down or they move offshore, or they're redirected. Or some corporation has an economy, they're on the bottom line, it's all red. So they're cutting. This happens every day to Americans and they don't get any type of coddling like federal employees. But when it happens to federal employees, we're supposed to feel like, this is horrible.


This is you. They're doing this now with a National Park service in Yosemite, and they have an up sound, upside down flag. And every, I thought when I read it that there must be thousands of, of layoffs. It was, I think it was 10 people, 10 people out of, I don't know, it was 1200 or something. 10 people were, were found not to be essential. So this cycle of drama that all these federal employees have, and their most, most studies show they're making 30 to 40% more than people in the private sector. And you think the private sector would, would make more because they don't have job security and they take greater risk. But that's not true. And so I think, again, it's gonna boomerang, maybe not in the short term, but when people start to see these employees who are better paid than they are, and they have more job security and they're screaming and yelling about not wanting to do what people in the private sector have to do almost every week, month, and year.


It's not, it's again, it's not gonna work. And I think that might be one of the reasons that Elon Musk did it. Yeah. To be accountable. That's what, that's what yes, I expect of my staff. That's what's always expected of me when I had a boss. And that's absolutely what we expect of our, of our federal workers. Now, on the topic of accountability, this is actually really interesting. Dan Bonino was offered and accepted the position as number two at the FBI under Cash Patel, deputy Director of the FBI, Dan Bino, one of the greatest guys in America who is former NYPD, former Secret Service, who has been like on the pointy edge of the spear on calling down the BS attacks on Trump.


And with respect to the investigations against him and all that stuff for a long time now, to me, I'm amazed he took it because even though we absolutely could use him, and he's definitely qualified, notwithstanding the fact that he hasn't been at the FBI all the, like the panties are in a bunch over there, reportedly at the BI he is not one of us. Yes, exactly right. That's why he got the offer. But I can't believe he took it. I guarantee you he's making millions of dollars doing that podcast, which was very successful. And so good for him. You know, he, it's a self-sacrifice. He's definitely very close with Trump. He's had a religious reconnection or awakening post his significant cancer experience, which I mean, he almost lost his life.


And yeah, I'll bet anything he, he really felt called. So he's going over there. But this is, I wanted to show you this some savvy, savvy Twitter user. Do we have it? Yeah. Found this soundbite of Dan in his last show on Friday, and I, I think he's doing a show today. So we'll hear more today, I think, and listen to this soundbite in wake of what we, in, in lieu of what we now know, Folks, I strongly encourage you to go back and take another look today at the Russia collusion hoax, we had the FBI in conjunction with the Department of Justice officials in Congress, foreign governments and Intel people fabricate a story, invent a story that could have caused and done serious long-term harm to international relations with a nuclear powered foe.


It's kind of a big freaking deal. I'm not letting it go. And you listen to me, this is gonna be very important in the coming days. I'm not letting this go. I wanna find out what happened because it can never happen again. Not to a Democrat, not to a Republican, not to a libertarian, not to any United States citizen. You don't get to do that. Why do I bring that up now? Because who was the ringmaster of that circus? Yes. Adam Schiff and no, I'm not letting it go. Hmm. Adam Schiff. Yeah, go ahead.


Well, Adam Schiff lied, and he may have lied under oath when we had the first impeachment, when Alexander Finman broke protocol and disclosed a classified, or at least a, a maybe top secret call. And he called the so-called whistleblower era Cella, and said that Donald Trump was trying to leverage congressionally approved aid for quid pro quo investigation of the Biden family. They went to Adam Schiff and they talked to Adam Schiff and they strategized with Adam Schiff how to impeach Donald Trump. And then Adam Schiff said that that didn't happen.


That he had never had never discussed anything about impeachment with, and that was a complete and an outright lie. He has a very good point, Megan, when he says that we've always looked at this as in the realm of abuse of the FBI. And and I would add to that they had the Hunter Biden laptop for one year and they knew it was authentic and they knew it was authentic when Clapper and Brennan and Michael Hayden and Mike Morrell were lying to the country on the eve of an election, that this was a product of Russian disinformation. Anytime the FBI could have come forward and, and told the truth, but they couldn't because they were also working with Twitter and Facebook to suppress the New York Post stories.


And so when you look at Robert Mueller who said under oath that he did not know what the fusion GPS conglomerate was, he did not know what the steel dossier, the two catalysts for his own appointment. And then you look at the next one, James Comey, who pled amnesia 245 times under oath to the House, to the House Intelligence Committee, and then also memorialized a classified talk with the President of the United States Confidential and then leaked it to the New York Times. And then you look at the next one, Andrew McCabe, the interim interim FBI. And he lied four times according to Michael Horowitz, the Inspector General four times he lied to federal investigators.


And then we get Christopher Ray and we see that he would not tell us whether there were any informants. That turned out to be, I think 26 on January 6th. We had the whole school board mess going after traditional Catholics going after that. That is what Dan Bonino is talking about. This was an utterly corrupt hierarchy. And I think he's a, a wonderful person to go in. But he made a really good point when he said this had foreign policy ramifications. 'cause the worst thing we've been doing with Putin is we have appeased him in some cases, but then we've demonized him. Not that he didn't deserve it, but when you tell Putin, well, I'll react if it's a major or minor invasion.


Or you say, I told Vladimir to knock off the cyber attacks on hospitals, or maybe I'll fly zelensky out. But at the same time you're appeasing him. And that was from Obama administration, you're calling him a murderer or killer. And then you're creating this whole idea that the Russians threw the election to Trump and was a complete lie. You can see that we could have had a re more realistic relationship with Russia and balanced them off against China well before these. And so he's right. There were foreign policy ramifications. You didn't need to lie about Ladi Putin. He was bad enough, but they kept lying and line and line.


And these were the same people during the Obama administration that that app him with the reset Hillary and the, the red button and the hot mic and soul with Barack Obama give me space and I'll be flexible. All that stuff. And yet they, they did really damage to a workable relationship with this. Well, I mean this could be dictatorial accountability day for Adam Schiff because what's interesting about the Bongino comment is it's about what you're talking about Russiagate and so on. What Adam Schiff got the preemptive pardon from Biden for was his work on the J six committee. That was all J six stuff. He did not get a preemptive pardon for everything. And so I do wonder what bonino exactly will or possibly push for once he gets in there like that.


Adam Schiff may be exposed on I a lot of that stuff, let's say hypothetically decided he should be charged with, let's take one of the Democrats' favorite charges, seditious conspiracy, where you, you work to overthrow your government or your president. Right? You could maybe, maybe that's what they're gonna try. I have no idea, but I just looked it up. That's got a five year statute of limitations. So we're we're beyond that now. I am, yeah, we're pretty beyond that, right? I mean, I, I guess it depended. We would maybe not, maybe not. 'cause if you look at the full Russiagate allegations and how long they took to play out, I have to go back and look at the date of the Mueller report. Anyway, you're gonna have some, some statute of limitations problems.


But the FBI could certainly make your life unpleasant while they investigate such a thing. If there's any sort of colorable claim that we're still in time. And if you were a Democrat victor, you would say, let's do that. Because yeah, putting the person through the process and having their name dragged through the mud every day in the papers is the point. Acne's gonna look at why the house voted to censor Adam Smith, Adam Schiff. And they did censor him. And the reason they did is they said that he lied repeatedly about his involvement with the whistleblower. And he repeated the lie serially, especially in the House Minority Report, when the Nunez memo went out and Cash Patel was the main architect of that memo.


And they damned it and said it was a complete, it turned out that almost everything in that memo was accurate. And then when Schiff made a minority memo, almost everything in that memo was false. And he knew it was false. And yet he promulgated that. So I don't know if he's legally culpable, but he did a lot of damage. And maybe Bonino can bring light and remind people about that because it did have a bearing on foreign policy. And it really, it really was bad because Donald Trump, while all this was happening, Megan, he killed the Wagner Group in Syria. He got out of an asymmetrical missile deal. He was the first person to send offensive weapons to Ukraine.


That Biden would later put a hold on. And, and earlier Obama had put a hold on, he f flood, he flooded the markets with cheap oil. He put sanctions on the oligarchs. And he told the Germans, don't do this Nord stream too. It's terrible. You're, you're gonna get be a captive of Putin. So he was the toughest of the last four presidents on Putin. But yet this, these lies from Schiff that he was a asset or a to and clapper and Brennan, it really hurt, hurt our relationship because on the one hand, Putin was thinking, my God, Trump is pretty hard on me.


And yet they're saying that I helped Trump. And then we gotta remember of the last four administration, Bush Obama, Trump Biden, there was only one administration where he didn't attack his neighbors. He didn't go into Georgia or Scia or he didn't try to take the Don Bass or Crimea. He didn't try to take Kiev under Donald Trump. And yet Donald Trump was told, we were told that Donald Trump had appeased him. And Of course he didn't. He was the only one that's deterred him. So the whole thing was really a dark chapter in American diplomatic and political history. I, I do wanna spend a minute with you on Ukraine, but before we get to Ukraine, let's just talk about Germany.


So over there in Germany, the sort of more moderate conservative party has won their parliamentary elections. And the more conservative, more to the right more MAGA esque party has gotten only 20% of the vote, which is very good for them. It's just they didn't win enough to actually win. And so unfortunately the moderate Republicans over there, or conservatives govern with the left in Germany, they, they're not gonna form some coalition with the more MAGA esque branch of the conservatives. They're gonna form a co coalition with the more leftist branch, which is unfortunate for our German friends 'cause that's not what they need. And now already the likely new German chancellor, Friedrich Friedrich Mertz, who is the leader of this conservative Christian democratic union that's the moderates, gives an interview and says the following, it's an absolute priority to strengthen Europe as quickly as possible so that we achieve independence from the US step by step After the latest statements by Donald Trump last week, it is clear that the Americans, at any case, these Americans, this administration mostly don't care about the fate of Europe one way or another also said that intervention from Washington, a reference to Vance and Musk expressing support for a FG, the alternative for Germany party, that's the more MAGA esque group was no less drastic, dramatic, and ultimately no less outrageous than the intervention that we've seen from Moscow.


What people close to this guy, guy describe him as direct and pragmatic says the Washington Post, but also arrogant and thin skinned. So this does not sound like a friend to the United States. And he's offended by the messaging coming outta the United States, which has really been, do your part Germany, any Obstructive criticism. It says, we want you to be live up to your western obligations to ensure free speech. And it's gonna make it much worse because if you took the AFDs vote and Merc's vote, it's about 50 51% of the people.


And they should have a conservative government, yes, conservative, but he's going to reach out to the Green party and the social Democrats and there's not going to be a conservative voice in Germany. And that's gonna make people even angrier after they ha they feel they voted for a conservative majority. And You know, he better be very careful, Meghan, because his country is running about an $80 billion trade surplus. And it's not based anymore on superior German productivity. They have four times the energy costs that we do and they're not as productive as we are anymore. And yet they're having an $80 billion because they charge five to 6% tariffs on all our goods.


And we charge either none or one or 2%. We've got three big bases there. We have about 75,000 American soldiers that protect Germany because of the 32 NATO countries. We asked them 11 years ago, when you just pay a measly 2% of your GDP on military expenditures. Nine of them or 10 of them haven't done that and Germany hasn't. It's still down 1.5. And everybody looks and says, well, Germany's not doing it so we don't have to. And then after the Nord stream two dependency, Merkel thought, well we're gonna shut down all the nuclear plants, all the coal plants, all the natural gas of our own because we don't want to deal with this icky, dirty fossil fuel, but we'll get it from Russia, let them do it and give it to us cheap.


And Trump said, that is stupid 'cause you're gonna be dependent on Putin. And he's gonna know that well now that they need liquid fight natural gas from the United States. So Trump is going to correct that trade surplus with 'em. And if you told Germany said tomorrow we want all of your troops out. We don't want your stupid American protection, we don't wanna be under your nuclear umbrella, get out. Trump would do it. He'd say, okay, if that's your attitude, fine. And he will make the necessary adjustments. So they are very dependent upon us. And they should also think that for 85 year, when we fought that country twice, we didn't want to go over there.


We never wanted to go over to Europe. We had to go over there in World War I, I'm speaking to someone who, my grandfather was gassed in World War I, my father flew 40 missions and a bomber in, in World War ii. The person I'm named after was killed in World War ii. None of us wanted to go over there, our country. We went over there and saved Europe twice. And then we did a third time, we protected a vulnerable Germany from Russia for almost a half century in the Cold War. And they took that free defense and they had the German miracle that was great. They were spending all of their resources on being productive, but they developed a very harsh strain of anti-Americanism.


And I don't know where it came from, but I had my suspicions that had something to do with the humiliation of defeat and defeat and then dependency on the United States. And if he really thinks that he, that Donald Trump is some crazy person with no constituency, he should look at the polls because Right, right. He speaks for us. Now the, I, yeah, Donald Trump is the only American, Lemme finish up domestically before I, I take us fully a across the pond there. Trump, in an epic battle of words and now in in the courts with the main governor, it was a thing of beauty. When at the governor's meeting at the White House on Friday, he called her out to her face on her defiance of his executive orders around gender and boys trying to play in girls sports.


Watch this. The NCAA has complied immediately, by the way. That's good. But I understand Maine, is the Maine here, the governor of Maine outta here? Are you not gonna comply with it? I'm complying with state and federal laws. Well, I'm, we are the federal law. Well, you better do it. You better do it because you're not gonna get any federal funding at all if you don't. And by the way, your population, even though it's somewhat liberal, although I did very well there, your population doesn't want men playing in women's sports. So you better, you better comply because otherwise you're not getting any, any federal funding. See you in court every state. Good, I'll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one.


And enjoy your life after governor. 'cause I don't think you'll be an elected politics. It's perfect. Perfectly done Trump. Thank you so much. So thrilled. He won. Okay, that woman is Janet Mills. And I just wanna say this, she's, she's a far lefty on this issue and she's not in step with the people. He's absolutely right. But lemme just tell you something. And executive order does have the force of federal law. It does have the force of federal law. And under the supremacy clause, federal law Trumps state, state law when they conflict state law reins if there's no federal law. But if there is a federal law, and then there's, there's a competing state law, the Fed, and they conflict federal law Trumps state law.


So Trump is absolutely right in his constitutional interpretation there. And an executive order has the full force and effect of law. The only way of getting out of an executive order is if you can, if you can prove that the President did not have the authority to enact it in the first place. You know that he, he just acting willy-nilly. And there's nothing in the Constitution that gave him the power to, to issue such a thing. That's not gonna be the case here. Title IX is a legitimate duly enacted statute that the executive branch and the Department of Education has been interpreting since it was passed. And he said to her, title IX must be complied with Title ix Biden's changes to it, allowing boys to compete has been struck down.


That is no, no longer of any valid f force or effect. And all the courts will so hold what's in effect right now is a title that protects girls, biological girls in sport. And the Department of Education, which now is Trump's has interpreted Title IX to say boys may not play. And so he's 100% in the right legally if, if he says, you will not let boys play because Title IX doesn't allow, allow it, it doesn't matter what her state civil rights law says. We already saw a very similar battle to this play out Victor in 3 0 3 Creative, where we had Colorado go in there and say, our state human rights laws do not allow this woman to say she won't create a wedding website for people who are L-G-B-T-Q.


And she went in and said, okay, I see that's what the state human rights law says. But the federal Constitution protects my right of freedom, of speech, freedom of expression, freedom, not to say or endorse certain things. And that's right there, the same amendment that governs press and and so on. And so the court said, right, the constitution will trump this particular protection under the state law. That's what happened. That's what's going to happen in Maine. She knows it. She's looking to make herself a star. And she, she is, because if you Google her name and Trump today, you'll see about two dozen fawning profiles on the woman who stood up to Trump Shortsighted.


Because that issue, I know that Maine is a liberal state, but that issue runs 70 to 80% against her on all, almost every poll. People overwhelmingly, I think it's only 20 to 30% of the people want would like to see or like to allow biological males and female sports. It's a no-brainer. 20% At Most. And she's, yeah, she's, and then the second thing, NCAA is already ruled against her. So what is she saying that her, it's okay to do it, but all my athletes and all my state universities and colleges and jcs, they're not gonna be able to, if you're a biological man, you're not going to be recognized in an NCAA event.


And so she's not gonna be able to affect that. And that makes no sense at all. And then Maine, like all small states are very dependent on federal funds. And we're already seeing these statutes now about sanctuary cities that Trump is going to try to make the same case. We have 600 of them if they violate federal immigration law and they think this, this neo confederate idea of nullification, that's what she is. The neo confederate like South Carolina, You know, I'm not gonna follow the tariff law or these are the same things that started the Civil War in the south. That the south south said, we're not gonna honor civil war. This is what George Wallace did in 1962 when he said, I'm not going to follow integration federal integration, civil rights laws at, at the University of Alabama.


And I'm not gonna segregate it. It's, it's got a bad tradition, state's rights of nullifying federal law. And so i I and every aspect she's on the losing end. So I think you, you, you've come up with the only explanation that she feels that she wants to be some kind of cultural icon or get all this publicity, but it's shortsighted. How about Trump and the guts to call her out and engage in that battle. You know, there won't be 24 profiles of Trump and how tough he is, right? Has no qualms. A lot of men especially would not wanna take on the female governor, get right up in her face like that. Not Trump. He does not give a fig Not about him.


He doesn't care. And there's 40% of the country that likes him because he doesn't care. And the other people, if he picks out his fights when he says he doesn't care like this one, the other 15% that are critical, he'll get 55% ratings on his issue because of the issue. Yeah, she's on the wrong side of this issue and she knows it. It's a very feminist Issue she hear. So she wants to go down swinging, meanwhile, in her state in February, February 18th, this is I think why it was on Trump's mind. A biological boy won first place in the Maine State Championship for pole vaulting. The boy who now goes by the name Katie, had a clearance over the week, sorry, over the vault, six inches higher than the girl who came in second.


Here's the same boy here he was last season two years ago, sorry, when he was tying for fifth place in the pole vault. Now that he's a so-called girl there he is a top the leaderboard and in the number one spot because he's gone from tide for fifth two years ago as a boy to winning first by a mile over the girls. He towers over both in the pole vault and on those podiums where they accept their medals. It's ridiculous, Victor. And this is what she's standing up for. Katie, who's actually a boy, that's who she's standing up. She doesn't give two shits about the women who are down in second and third place there who worked their whole middle school, high school, elementary school to try to get as high as they could in pole vault.


And was were doing great in that second place finisher who would've had gold had it not been for her defiance of the Trump eo. And that, when you look at the statistics in the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, about what, what was then called transsexuals and then later transgender, it usually is something like 0.01, 0.02 of the population suffer from biological gender dysphoria. And only this public, this publicity and this left wing hype has created this minuscule group of people who have a, You know, a, a clear biological problem of dysphoria.


They made it into a civil rights that became a cause celeb. And so now you have undergraduates at elite, elite schools say that maybe 10, 15% of 'em wanna transition, but it's not based on the actual biological problem, which is very rare in society. And she knows that. And so I, I don't know why these politicians do that, but when you look at the issue and you poll, especially among minority voters, it polls very poorly. And there, You know, I think she was the same mayor that went to this L-G-B-T-Q event and started gyrating on stage and dancing. Yes. So I don't think she's a very stable governor at all.


I agree. She made a fool of herself, herself. She herself in, let's see, this year per the Portland Press Herald, Maine, K through 12 schools received 250 million in federal funding this school year, which is more than virtually any other school. Maine is especially dependent on the feds for its education money, 250 million. And she is going to lose it unless she gets into line. And like every other politician, when she realizes that money's on the line, which means her job, she will be fired by the main residents. If she loses $250 million in federal funding, she'll bend the knee.


And I can't wait to watch her bend it. I don't care whether a court has to tell her she has to do it or she just learns the hard way when she loses her money because the Trump Department of Education has just notified her of that. There's an investigation. Now this is the quote, quote, Maine would have you believe that it has no choice in how it treats women and girls in athletics. Let me be clear, if Maine wants to continue to receive federal funds from the education department, it must follow Title ix. Or we will do everything in our power to ensure taxpayers are not funding blatant civil rights violators. She could be in trouble with them. She could be in trouble with DOJ. She's definitely gonna get sued and she's going to lose. And good, let, let her serve as a lesson. Victor, for the others who are dangerously flirting with this same line, I think we think it's the first Trump administration where he had people throughout the cabinet, Rex Tillerson, James Mattis, John Bolton, that were not MAGA people.


And they were in the second tier. They were everywhere. So every time he issued an executive order, you would find somebody like anonymous that was leaking or bragging that there was a whole army of obstructionist in the federal bureaucracy and they were all courted and feed by the media. There's nobody like that. Now, when he is bringing these people in, one of the first questions I know from a fact is, are you going to stick to the agenda? Have you stuck to the agenda in the past? So she's not going to find dissidents anywhere in the Trump administration, the 20,000 or 30,000 political appointments that are gonna try to undermine this. In fact, all of these cabinet people are very different than the first administration.


They're going to be force multipliers. It's more likely they're gonna say to Trump, well, I think I can even do this. And more and more I can even do more than you suggested. Whereas before it was, yes, Mr. Trump, we'll do it. And then leak to the New York Times, Hey, I'm really brave. I'm trying to obfuscate or counter mind. That's not, it's not the same world as 2017, 18. I don't think she understands it. That there's some very talented people that are working for Trump and they believe in what he is trying to do. And they're very capable and they're very serious and they're going to, they've learned you're absolutely right. What's gonna happen to her. I mean, she used to be a federal prosecutor or a state prosecutor.


She, she shouldn't have forgotten the law. It hasn't been that long ago. She knows perfectly well. That's why I believe she's grandstanding to get her name in the paper and to have her girl boss moment. And the left wing press just runs with it. Like without, I actually looked through the press today, like, did anybody do a fair job of actually explaining there is a supremacy clause that EOS would have supremacy over state law. And the only, the only way out of it is the way I described. No, no, it's just the whole read the New York Times writeup of it. It's, oh, she took him on. Look how tough she is. She's a tough girl. She was a prosecutor. It's ridiculous. What a disservice. And before we go to break, I just wanna give you one other example of media malpractice in somewhat related news. There's a group of San Francisco people who are suing Trump over his executive orders as pertains to gender, DEI and so on.


They, they think he can't issue these executive orders. So they're gonna file a lawsuit and try to challenge him. Fine. Lots of people are doing that and it'll play out in the courts. But Axios reports on the lawsuit, and here's their headline. San Francisco Community Groups Sue Trump over anti-trans executive orders. President Trump, this is Axios, ran his campaign on an incendiary anti-trans platform. All right? First of all, he never ripped on trans people. He said that he was going to stop them from competing in girls sports. And he was going to declare actual gender realities. If you wanna live your life as a man claiming to be a woman, that's your business. And Trump has never said otherwise.


President Trump ran his campaign on an incendiary, it's not incendiary. The vast majority of the public is with Trump anti-trans platform that promoted false claims about the community. Well, I was interested in that 'cause I followed this issue very closely when Trump was running and thereafter. So I clicked on the little link in the Axo report. What, what were the quote false claims about the community that he made. And it cited back to a 2024 Axios article about Trump's appearance at a barber shop in the Bronx. And this exchange, watch Washington. I don't know if you ever noticed this. You got Department of Education. Department of Education.


You got half the buildings of Department of Education. I never saw, you don't need any of 'em. You know, I want one person and a secretary to just make sure they're teaching English. Okay? Give her a little English. Okay. I say reading, writing, and arithmetic. No transgender, no operations. You know, they take your kid, there are some places there. Boy leaves the school, comes back a girl, okay? Without parental consent, what is that all about? That's like, that's when they talk about a threat to democracy, they're a threat. That is 100% true.


It is correct. And they know it because this is what Axios wrote at the time they wrote, they quoted that thing. And then they said the, the Trump Vance campaign pointed to a number of stories about policies that allow students to socially transition in the classroom without informing parents, but none of which supported his claims of operations being done, being conducted in schools. That's not what he said. That he was listing a bunch of stuff, the craziness that's happening out there right now. And then he made the separate point that kids are going to school as boys and, and they're transing them at school. It is 100% true just for kicks.


David Victor, I, I pulled just a couple California mother claims teachers manipulated her daughter to change her gender identity. This is out in California. This mother, Jessica Conan, filed a lawsuit alleging that the school allegedly manipulated her, her seventh grade daughter to change her ident gender identity under the guise of their parental secret policy where teachers could counsel students about gender confusion and assert a new gender identity without notifying parents. This became law in California that you were allowed to do this in New York City, in the private and the public schools. It's the policy that the kid can come to school, David, he can say, I'm Denise all day while they're take tests as Denise be called Denise, then go home David again at the end of the day, get a report card for David.


The parents have no idea when they go in for parent teacher, they talk about David have no freaking clue. He's a Denise to everyone there. And it's policy. That's what Trump's pointing out. And the nerve of Axios dishonest hack paper and their DEI reporter Shauna Chen, who's focused on race and justice. Her most recent articles are 14 Black Bay Area authors to add to your reading list and nine ways to celebrate black history in the Bay Area. For her to call them. Dishonest is the height of projection Here in California. It's even worse because Gavin Newsom went back and begged for federal funds for to rebuild Los Angeles.


Now we're saying they need, they need, this isn't the price to rebuild Pacific Palisades and other places. It's what they need from the federal government in addition to what they little have. They want $40 billion in Donald Trump and the federal government. He had just had a $50 million fund to sue Donald Trump on this issue and on sanctuary cities. And they have no idea that our whole federal water system that transfers half of it is run by the federal government. And Donald Trump doesn't have to build new things. He doesn't have to give any money if he doesn't want to, to los that he's trying to help them and they're trying to sue him on two issues that have no public support, illegal immigration and open borders, and then the trans issue.


And yet they dig down and were he, Gavin Newsom started the year off with $76 billion in deficits. He ran the state in the ground. Now he has this Stonehenge that it's right near where I'm talking from, this high speed rail that we've already blown 15 to $18 billion. The price to finish it is 300,000,000,015 years. We haven't laid a foot of track. And he's broke and he wants Donald Trump to keep giving him four, $5 billion and it's not gonna happen. Yeah. And they don't understand that on all these issues, Megan, the ones that you've talked about in Maine and here in California, they're on the wrong side of public opinion.


And the public does not support federal funds for trans stuff, federal funds to go to illegal immigrants. They don't wanna, the state governors are, I don't know what they're doing, but his, his popularity has gone like this. Newsom, he's down below way below 50%. Good. That's where he belongs. And I mean the great, I mean, talk about PY victory, right? To win, to win a lawsuit like that, which they won't, but to win it over the objections of your entire constituency. I mean, whatever makes you feel good at night. All right, standby. I'm gonna take a break more with V DH after this. I'd love to ask him what he thinks about the whole Ukraine scandal. 'cause he's a true expert on war and our history and he knows what he's talking about when it comes to this issue in particular.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the me Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly.


You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


What explains his solicitous behavior toward Vladimir Putin, which started a long time before that Because he wants to be Vladimir Putin that explains his solicitous conduct of Putin to Kim Jong-Un, to Erdogan, to Xi Chris Christie, formerly governor of New Jersey, saying he wants to be, he wants Trump, wants to be Vladimir Putin. Could it be more complex than that? We'll ask VDH Victor, your thoughts on Trump. The comments about zelensky, about Ukraine allegedly starting the war, which is not, I believe at all what he meant.


If you listen to Trump in context, he's made very clear. He knows who started the war. But in any event, You know what the left wing media is doing right now to him, he's totally capitulated to Putin. He gave up the game before the negotiation started. He should have held back that Ukraine wasn't going to join nato. JD Vance has been saying, everyone knows that there's no point in pretending that that's still up in the air as a possible negotiation chip, but how do you evaluate what you've seen over the past two weeks on Ukraine? Well, I think you kind of summed it up pretty well. Donald Trump, as you pointed out, knows that Russia crossed the border. And he said that again to make it clear that when he said start started the war, he meant something else other than crossing the border.


Donald Trump was, as we just said, is the only administration which he has, has reminded us that Putin did not invade a a, a neighbor. So he knows Putin invades neighbors, but he didn't invade under Trump's term. So he is very sensitive to that. What he was trying to do though is say a couple things, Megan. He was trying to say, You know, this thing has gone on for three years. There's probably a million and a half on both sides. Dead wounded are missing and captured. There's no real change in the pulse of the battlefield. You're no longer the rockstar You were of 2022 when you stop bravely stopped that Kiev attack.


But the world is different now. We're a million and a half casualties from that. All of the European blowhard promises have not been actualized. And you're dependent right now on the two to 300 billion that we give you. And yet you're telling us what you're going to do and what you're not going to do. And yet you haven't won the war and we've given you 300 million and you're not going to win the war. And it's never been the position of any administration, not Obama, not my first one, not Biden to militarily give you the ability to take back the Crimea and the dome bass. It's not gonna happen. So let's not play coy about it.


We're not gonna lie and say this is a bargaining chip. Second, you're armed to the teeth. You're better armed than any other NATO country right now. You're at the point where Putin regrets what he did. And if we can get him back out to where he started from, you will be able to defend yourself. So now he's saying essentially, I don't care what people say, you're not gonna be a NATO and You know you're not gonna be a nato. You knows you're not gonna be a nato. We know you're not gonna be a NATO and Russia it. So why the pretense of saying, well, we're gonna negotiate a NATO membership or we're gonna negotiate, negotiate Crimea and Don. Nobody believes that.


So what's the, the, the, the only real contention to stop this thing, can Donald Trump somehow get Vladimir Putin back to where he was on February 23rd? Or close to it when he invaded? And I guess he's gonna say, okay, Vladimir, you can tell everybody that you institutionalize what you already had at Crimea and Don Bass. You were able to make sure that Zelensky is not in nato. You have your new anti-American alliance. Good. And then he can, he can say to Zelensky, you were very heroic. You were like the Fins in World War ii. You stopped the Russians, you saved your country. You were never gonna get back what you lost in 2014.


You may not be in nato, but you're armed and we're going to have a concession. And we're not neo imperialist. We're trying to have a business relationship. It's good for you because you will be able to develop your natural resources. It's good for us. 'cause we'll get some compensation and that will be a trip wire with the Russians. So when they see us and our businesses right in your country, they're gonna be a real, a little reluctant to take on a nuclear power and try to invade you again. So this is the deal and we can stop this bloodshed pretty quickly. And the left, the left, pretty much Megan wants to fight to the last Ukrainian and they really do feel they're gonna bleed Russia white and then all of a sudden it's gonna implode and they're going to get a left wing Euro country.


And, and that's not gonna happen. Didn't happen with the Czars. So it didn't, I only have, it didn't happen ever. 45 seconds to, we gotta go. But can you just put in context the way Trump talks? Yes. He's talks exactly like he did with Panama, Greenland in Canada. We're gonna invade Panama. Oh, okay. China, China deal canceled. We should buy Greenland. Oh, Denmark's now investing in Greenland and re-arming. Oh, Canada, we might make you the 50. Oh, you're spending a billion dollars suddenly to patrol your border. So he talks like this and he gets results and we're back to don't take him, literally take him, You know, for what it is.


Seriously, RR of the D take him seriously. 'cause he gets results. But don't take him literally. That's exactly right. That's this freak out of her. Like he's a, he's a dictator who says, would you calm down? Let's just watch it. See what he actually does does and see whether if, as Caroline Levitt suggested he might have Ukraine settled this week, which would be really remarkable. Victor, always a pleasure, my friend. Great to see you. Thank you Megan for having me. Alright, we are back tomorrow with Batya, Ungar, Sargon and more. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.