
When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads, when it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world-class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mit.edu.


When summer vacation calls, it matters where you stay. And Hilton and SiriusXM are teaming up to bring you the music that matters to you too. Because this summer, check into select Hilton luxury business and extended stay properties and press play on your perfect getaway with free in room access to SiriusXM. Get the ultimate summer soundtrack with ad free music plus podcasts talk shows, sports and more. Stay closer to your favorite artists and hosts when you stay at your favorite Hilton Hilton. For this stay Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show.


Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. So for the next week, 10 days, I'm gonna be spending some time with my family. We're going on our annual June vacation, so this will be our last new show until I come back on Monday, June 23rd. But we're gonna have a lot of great content for you here while I'm gone. Today, however, is new because I needed to weigh in before I go on the status of the Diddy case and also the bombshell that happened this week in the Justin Baldoni Blake Lively case, Diddy entered its fifth week of trial with testimony from his ex-girlfriend Jane, who we have got to talk about.


And on Monday a judge, a federal district court judge in New York dismissed Justin B'S $400 million lawsuit against Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, the New York Times, and a PR person named Leslie Sloan. It was a resounding victory for Blake Lively. There's no two ways about it. However, that's the legal victory and we're gonna talk about what I mean.


Let's be honest, America can still be a dangerous place and you cannot afford to wait. Should you need help. Sure you could use a firearm, but in today's America, defending yourself with deadly force could have some legal consequences. Unfortunately, according to FBI data, 99.9% of all altercations do not require lethal force. And that's exactly why many are turning to burnout. Burna is proudly American hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. These less lethal self-defense launchers are trusted by hundreds of government agencies, law enforcement departments and private security companies. Over 600,000 Burna pistols have been sold mostly to private citizens who refuse to be victims. Burna launchers, fire rocket, hard kinetic rounds, and powerful tear gas and pepper projectiles capable of stopping a threat from up to 60 feet away. No background checks, no waiting periods, and Byrna can ship straight to your door. Take responsibility, protect your future. Visit Byrna dot com right now or your local sportsman warehouse, that's BYRN a.com or your local sportsman warehouse. Visit now and be prepared to defend.


Lemme start with Baldon. It was a shock. It was a shock to see Judge Lewis Lyman of the US District Court in Manhattan dismiss Justin's lawsuit. Just as a reminder of how this case got started, Blake Lively went to the California Human Rights Office, the California Civil Rights Department, and she filed a legal proceeding there to try to get Justin Baldoni in some trouble and trying to sound the alarm that he was some sort of a sexual predator. And very clearly she then provided that document to the New York Times and they ran with it. And using the allegations of that complaint, they painted him in a very irresponsible piece as a sexual predator.


Basically just taking the words of Blake Lively allegations, unproven from that document and perhaps others, perhaps other statements as well though exactly what else she provided remains unclear. It should have been exposed in the discovery process where Baldoni will have the opportunity or would have to depose Blake Lively to depose the New York Times and figure out exactly What happened, how they got their hands on it, what additional statements were made by Blake Lively and or her team to the times before they ran with that piece. That's now not going to happen because the Times has been dismissed as a defendant and with no no leave to refile.


So that was on December 20th that we saw that complaint and the Times then ran an article by the 31st of December. This past year, Blake Lively sued Justin p and Justin Baldoni also filed suit against the New York Times alleging that that piece defamed him. And then two weeks later on January 16th, Justin Bald sued Blake Lively, sued Ryan Reynolds and sued this PR agent Leslie Sloan and her company. What's happened this week is this federal district court judge reviewing what's called a 12 B six motion, a motion to dismiss the case without even getting to discovery.


Nevermind trial has granted that motion filed by Lively and the other defendants against Bald. His entire case against her has been thrown out except for two minor claims for breach of the implied covenant and torches interference with the contract. So implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and the tortuous interference with the contract, which are based on one smaller allegation made in the Blake Lively or sorry in the Justin Baldoni complaint, suggesting that I think this one is based on the fact that they allegedly went, Ryan Reynolds allegedly went to WME, this large agency where Ari Emanuel is the owner and chief agent and said you need to dump Justin Bald as a client and that he did it.


And I believe Ari Emanuel has admitted this happened. I think he was on a podcast admitting that this happened. And the question is whether that can amount to the torch's interference with the contract between Justin Bald and WME, even if they win on that, it's, it's peanuts. Okay? That's not, I'm just being honest with you as You know, I'm on, I'm on having looked at this very closely. I believe Justin Baldoni is the truth teller by and large in this case. And that Blake Lively has either exaggerated or made up the overwhelming substance of her, of her complaint. She wanted to save her own ass after suffering some bad publicity.


And she's orchestrated this whole thing which she thought would give her a, an I am woman hear me roar moment. And now thanks to this judge, she's sort of getting it. But that's what I think this whole thing is about, not about actual harassment by Justin Baldon of Blake Lively, as we've seen her complaint against him has fallen apart. I mean just piece by piece her scarless allegations of what, what he did to her have proven in my clear view as an attorney to be lies. I believe she lied. I believe she lied when she complained that he burst in on her while she was breastfeeding in her trailer. And then we've seen the, the correspondence between the two of them where she says, come on over, I'm breastfeeding. I mean, okay, it seems you only told us half the story madam.


And she was forced to look at porn by these evil producers working with Justin. And they responded that in fact, and they produced the pictures, what they wanted her to look at was a totally benign, not even PG 13, it's like a G rated photograph of the producer and his wife in a bathtub after a bathtub birth, no nudity. It's like a beautiful shot of a new baby with the parents. It's like, like she's insane. This is not pornography by anybody's definition. Now, maybe when we get to trial, she's gonna show us some Triple X porn that they, they threatened to show her or did show her. I doubt it, I doubt it. She hasn't exactly held back in trying to rehabilitate her image.


So those are just a couple of examples of how her claim in chief is falling apart. But in any event, Justin tried to fight back by saying she's now trying to smear me in addition to like not being able to handle some bad PR around the launch of this movie that she brought upon herself and blame it all on me. Now she's gone next level by trying to smear me by filing this complaint with the Civil Rights Division in California by clearly leaking it to the New York Times and trying to let the country know I'm some sort of a sexual predator, all of which is false. So he fought back And he fought back not only by going, You know, into a PR stance and and unleashing Brian Friedman his lawyer and as You know, mine on the world, but filing a counterclaim against her or claim against her.


And that did not work out. So here's how bad it is. Okay, before we get to where this is going, it's very bad. It's the, the dismissal is very, very bad for Justin Baldoni, at least as of right now because California has this wacky rule. It's a new rule under a law. Gavin Newsom signed in October, 2023. It's California Civil code 47.1, and this was signed by Gavin Newsom. It extends the California Civil Code's definition of a privileged communication in a defamation action to include communications made without malice about an individual's own experience of sexual assault, sexual harassment, workplace harassment or discrimination and cyber sexual bullying.


And what this means is that any defendant accused of defaming someone who then wins, who gets, for example, the case dismissed against her. She's been accused of defaming him in let's say a 12 B six motion for, and, and what was at issue was her privileged communication about her alleged sexual harassment or workplace harassment is entitled to recover attorney's fees and costs as well as trouble damages and punitive damages. Trouble means triple, this is what Gavin Newsom did was said, if you get wrongfully sued for defamation and the defamation you're accused of is you are a woman accusing somebody of sexually harassing you.


And basically he fights back by saying this is defamation and you as the woman, it could be the other way, but let's just go for, in this particular case, 'cause that's the facts here, that it's the female accusing the male of sexual harassment that you are not only entitled if you win, if you prevail against this defamation charge to your attorney's fees and costs, but we will triple those damages and potentially award you punitive damages to punish him and discourage others like him from bringing such defamation claims in California. Now that's very bad. This case wasn't gov in California, but it was governed by California law and this is brand new.


This is one of, if not the first case in which this law has kicked in. And so I don't know how bad this is gonna get because I, I mean her lawyers might have expended $5 million. I've worked at large law firms where you easily expend millions of dollars on in fees in fighting a 12 B six motion or in filing one for that matter. And so there's, it's gonna be millions. The attorney's fees are gonna definitely, definitely be in the millions. The only question is how high there, there'd also be a question of reasonable reasonableness. This law, this judge is not gonna say, oh, you spent $50 million team lively. Yeah, okay, he now he has to pay you 50 million and I'm gonna triple them.


That's not happening. But let's say she has $5 million in attorney's fees, it is not outside of the realm of possibility that he then triples those and awards her 15 million in damages and also potentially punitives. I don't think that's gonna happen. It's all within the judge's discretion. And I, these claims are far from so specious or speculative or without merit that I think are that a sane judge would say, I'm going to impose that kind of a punishment or pain on the defendant here. Well, technically in this particular claim, he's the plaintiff, he's the defamation plaintiff against her.


I just don't think that this judge is gonna do that to Justin, given how strong his defense is to her underlying claims and how his defamation claim against her really was, it was well supported. It was the reason they've been dismissed is because he recognized that there's a privilege in California to make the claim she's making of sexual harassment under California law if you do it in a legal proceeding. That's really why his defamation claim against her was dismissed. It's not because, You know, he has no grounds to say he didn't harass her, that she's doing all of this to build up her own me too cred and trying to make herself into a, You know, feminist hero.


She, he does have the proof of all of that. It's that there's this privilege that covers according to this judge, her complaint in the California Civil Rights Division or department. And for that matter, he says it kind of extends to the New York Times. So a reporter like somebody at the times like yours truly who cites allegations in a complaint, a a legal document, generally won't be subjected to defamation claims if you just repeat what somebody's alleging in a lawsuit. And I have to say as a, as a somebody who's in the journalism business, I like that law. I like that general rule because I should be allowed to tell you what somebody's alleging in a court without endorsing it in such that I get sued for defamation myself.


But Brian Friedman's lawsuit on behalf of Justin Bald to me in included far more than just allegations that were in that complaint lively filed with the California Civil Rights Department. It was clear to me that what was in that New York Times article included allegations beyond that complaint. And to me it, the judge just never squared that circle. He, I, he just kind of seemed to gloss over the fact that there had clearly been additional communications between Team Lively and the Times. That's how I read it. He's ignoring that and just saying, eh, the privilege that protects a sexual harassment victim making allegations in a legal document gets her off the hook and the reporter privilege gets the New York Times off the hook.


He has to jump through a few more hoops to get Ryan Reynolds and the PR woman off the hook. But he's basically saying that as pleaded the complaint against those two doesn't really amount to a cognizable legal claim. He's saying, you, you wanna sue Justin Baldoni, sorry, you wanna sue Ryan Reynolds for defamation. But what you're really alleging is that he went to WME and said, fire Justin bald because he's a sexual predator and you really haven't given me any facts in the complaint that would justify the standard that's needed in a defamation case.


When you are bringing that case as a public figure, which is the highest burden of proof under the law, public figures have a very difficult time recovering defamation damages. And Justin Baldoni is the public figure here trying to sue for defamation against Ryan Reynolds. And the court was saying to recover from Ryan Reynolds for allegedly making that statement to WME, you've gotta prove he, he said it with knowledge that it was false or with a reckless disregard for its potential falsity. And you haven't done that. And what the judge said, based on the facts alleged in this complaint, what I see is at best you've alleged he was told that by his wife. Now I have a question about that because there are allegations about Ryan Reynolds having met with Bald and Taylor Swift and his wife in that infamous apartment meeting where there was an explosion, there was a fight over control of the film and the, and some scenes there, there was at least I believe one allegation that he went to set and would've been observing something with his own eyes.


So I'm not sure all of his knowledge came through the wifey, but what the judge seemed to be saying was at least the vast majority of his knowledge would've come through his wife. And that means that that endures to Ryan Reynolds' benefit that the judge seems to be saying in, in worst case scenario, Ryan Reynolds was wrong but not lying. Okay? So that's how he got off the hook though I guess the judge is leaving open the possibility that that claim at least that those allegations could potentially support a claim for torches interference with contract if bald refiles them with additional allegations.


Again, that's a very minor victory for Team Baldoni. It's better than nothing. They still have a couple counterclaims, but trust me, this is nobody on Team Bald would be over there saying, yay, yay in response to this ruling. So the, the claims by Baldoni are gone, they're really gone and we'll see what the judge does. He could potentially say, I'm not gonna rule on attorney's fees. Again, we're recording this on Tuesday, so I beg your forgiveness if something has changed between now and tomorrow, Wednesday when you are hearing this, we're taping it the day, the day I'm leaving for Vacay. But I wanted to give you some fresh content on this, but it's possible the judge could issue a ruling now on fees and punitive damages.


My God, I again, I just don't see Punitives coming. Or he could say, I'm not gonna issue a ruling on this until the end of the trial. Which would also be kind of well standard but also annoying because you could get to trial, you could have Justin Wynn now as the defendant on the claims against him and potentially have all of her claims thrown out by a jury. Like, we don't think you, you made your burden Blake. And we find in favor of the defendant. And then Justin still at that point walking away having to pay her millions of dollars because his counterclaim was thrown out.


And there's this wacky law in California. I mean th it is just this, this is not good. Not a good ruling for Team Baldoni by any interpretation I can offer. I should point out to you just full transparency, I've not spoken with Brian Friedman about this at this point. I'm sure I will and I'll update you when I have and I'm sure he'll come back on and speak to it directly. But I'm just to be clear, I'm not like operating from inside knowledge here. This is just my own take as a lawyer and a reporter who's been covering the case Here is however why I think Blake Lively's euphoria is a little premature.


And I guess I should tell you what she's saying. She's thrilled. You won't be surprised to hear. She's absolutely thrilled. I'm gonna show you a video as she arrived Monday night at the Tribeca Festival. It's the artist's dinner. This is Monday. Here she is, let's watch it. She's all smiles. She's clearly in a great mood. I mean she's acting like she won the case in chief against him. She didn't and nor did the judge find that Justin's allegations are untrue. The judge just said basically you can't sue her for allegations she makes in a complaint.


She filed with the Civil Rights Department, can't sue her for defamation for that. It's covered by a privilege. He didn't say what she said was true. He didn't say Justin's likely to lose this case at trial like the case against him, but she's acting like the judge did. And it's a lie. She comes out, this is per buzzfeed on her Instagram story. She referenced the 19 organizations that wrote Amicus briefs and in support of her f Friends of the court, she began last week. I stood proudly alongside 19 organizations united in defending women's rights to speak up for their safety.


Like so many others, I've felt the pain of a retaliatory lawsuit, including the manufactured shame that tries to break us while the suit against me was defeated. So many don't have the resources to fight back. Okay, she's got a billion dollars, gimme a break. I mean like it's absurd that any court would even consider making her pay B'S legal fees, but he does not have a billion dollars. Ryan Reynolds made that off of the sale of his liquor company. Reportedly, nevermind what they've earned as actors. I'm more resolved than ever to continue to stand for every woman's right to have a voice in protecting themselves, including their safety, their integrity, their dignity, and their story.


Remember she said that they made her perform the birth scene with like, like a, like a slit covering up her lady parts and then he brought on his best friend to play the doctor and let him linger down there below where he could check her out from a gynecological perspective. And then that person, that actor came forward to say, this is such a lie. That's not true. She had on biker shorts the entire time, and by the way, I'm not just his buddy, I've been in all sorts of like Shakespearean productions and other big productions and I'm insulted at their description of me just coming over as like an ogling buddy of Justin's F off just yet another one of her obvious lies.


But now she needs to speak out to protect one's integrity and dignity and one's story. Yeah, it's a story all right, with love and gratitude from the many who stood by me. Many of you I know, many of you I don't, but I will never stop appreciating or advocating for you, okay? She's, and then according to one insider per People magazine, she's been crying with relief. She's obviously relieved. They both are. Someone tells people she feels vindicated, everyone is happy on the legal team. Well I really think her days of feeling relieved and super happy about this case are numbered. And to be honest, I think they're not as, they're not as joyful as she's portraying and her PR people are portraying in the media right now.


And here's what, what I really wanna say. So what's happened now and as a practical matter, what's gonna happen going forward is Justin's now the defendant and Blake is now the plaintiff. And that's a very simple formula and I've tried cases like that myself. Many of them in the past both worked on as a litigator and actually seen through to trial. And it's a very simple case. Now he said, she said that's what it is. No more cross claims, really no more New York Times, no more press people, it's her versus him. And on the merits of that case, I believe she will lose in this court of law, she's going to get Amber herded.


That's what's going to happen. It's going to be brutal. She's going to get by Brian Friedman and it's not going to be pretty, mark my words, it's not going to be pretty when she gets crossed, I don't believe, I don't know, I don't believe either side is in the mood to settle. It's possible because don't forget she lost a major piece of her complaint too earlier last week when her claims for emotional distress had to be thrown out or she thrown them, threw them out because Team Baldoni said, okay, give us access to your psychiatrist records. Let us see your mental health records. You're claiming we have to pay you all these damages for the severe mental distress that we inflicted on you.


Great, let's see what those damages look like. And that's a totally appropriate request by them to say, W you're asking us to pay for all your medical visits. Let me see your medical visits. Now I have to see whether you complained about me or you were complaining about life as a Hollywood star and Ryan, Ryan doesn't pay enough attention to me. And she immediately dropped those counts saying, nevermind, nevermind. And she asked if she could drop them without prejudice so she could hold them over Justin's head from now to the point of trial. And the court said, we're not doing that. They're, they're dropped. If they're dropped, they're dropped. And if they're not dropped, then fork over your records. So she also suffered a loss in this case in the past two weeks.


So they both suffered a loss. His is bigger than hers, no question. I'm not trying to spin you. But now if they're gonna settle would be the time for them to say, okay, You know, Blake can say I will waive my right to damages. Or more than likely she'll say, you do have to pay my attorney's fees, but we're gonna pay those, You know, to like some charity. It'll be some me too, like a time's up type thing to try to make her look good. And Justin Baldoni could potentially do that and make this thing go away while he is not looking like he's paying for sexual harassment. That could be a potential outcome. But what I believe as of now anyway, is that both sides are so dug in, they are likely to barrel forward to trial. And Brian Friedman wants to get Blake Lively under deposition and Ryan Reynolds under deposition and force them to respond to some of the very, very strong evidence he has.


That they're liars, that at least she's a liar and he's been misled deeply by his troubled wife. So I think that's probably where I'd put my bet that that's what's likely to happen. And I believe when this goes to trial, she'll lose. But all of that also is not the point that I wanna make. And here is the point and then I'll move on. The point is she's already lost this case. This whole case was about PR, this case began and I believe including her complaint with the California Civil Rights Department, it began because when they launched this movie, it ends with us, which is about domestic abuse. She suffered a round of unflattering press, she suffered that round of press, I believe thanks to her own terrible personality and bad behavior and bullying tactics both against reporters and against Justin Bald and others on that set, which started to leak and turned the public on her.


She was inappropriate and promoting the movie, which is about, You know, sex battery of women. And she kept smiling and laughing and pimping her hair company and her weird flowers and her affect was too light. And she seemed off like she didn't understand what actual victims of abuse go through. She unfollowed Justin on all of his social accounts before the premiere. She relegated him to a basement on the premiere. She was clearly trying to gin up questions about what had happened between the two of them. And then boom, she dropped the hammer a couple months later with this complaint, which ooh mysteriously, miraculously wound up in the New York Times. This was, in my opinion, Blake Lively trying to redeem herself in the public eye because she couldn't stand the round of bad publicity she suffered that she brought upon herself.


We've talked about this many times recently on this show. George Clooney couldn't stand the fact that I said he is not a journalist. So he had to launch into some diatribe about how I'm not, and going off on me. Okay, all right, why? Why don't you dye your hair another shade of black George? Also, you should consider what's happening with those enormous bags under your eyes. Okay? I'm just saying it's probably why you haven't been cast in anything other than a play for a while. So that's George. But there's a lot of people who just aren't used to any sort of negative publicity about themselves. And if they get one word of it, they have to lash out because it's so unusual. They're surrounded by all these yes men.


I mean honestly, I feel like the only person who gets like negative press like that who's a huge star and doesn't fight back against it, is like a Tom Cruise. 'cause he's used to taking all these hits for Scientology And he is such a big star. He's just kind of like whatever. But these other stars cannot take negative publicity about themselves. And same for Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, especially her. That's why she did this, I'm convinced. So she thought she was gonna be able to bully him that this was 2018 again and that he would cower on the receiving end of these Me Too allegations she leaked that she had made on set where she was failing and struggling and I mean she's terrible in the movie if you've watched it, a lot of people have commented on it and that she would emerge like she called herself in that text message she sent to Justin as Alii from Game of Thrones.


That she would be the mother of dragons, this fierce warrior that Taylor and Ryan were her dragons who were gonna kill for her. Anybody who got in her way or tried to smear her reputation. And while she wrote that to Justin in a friendlier moment, although there was clearly a veiled threat in there for him too, that's really how she thinks about herself. And she wanted to have that me too moment. I mean, this is the same thing with Gretchen Carlson. Gretchen Carlson sees herself as like the heroine of the Me Too movement. It's pathetic. Look what's happened to her. She's gone completely crazy, hard left. She's as bitter as they come on the left. She's one step away from the enormous blue glasses and blue bracelet and shaving her head.


It hasn't really worked out well for her. And this hasn't worked out well for Blake Lively because he did not cower, he did not hide in the basement. He did not roll over. He hired Brian, Brian Friedman, who fought back against Blake Lively and she looks like a craven liar. Her reputation is in tatters. I'm not sure if she realizes that because she only insists on hanging out with fellow leftists at places like the Time 100 where I saw her and I told you about that. She's Amber herded herself. Good luck getting your next big Hollywood blockbuster role. You guys are gonna be dining off of Ryan Reynolds money from Here to Eternity.


And she knows it. And by the way, it's not about money for her. She wants to be a star. She wants to be cast. Do you think it's tough to find a lot of beautiful blonde Hollywood actresses who really would like to star in a film who don't have a reputation of being a complete diva? Who's going to me too, the producer, director, creators of the film. It's really not. There are a dime a dozen. Good luck to her. What I would recommend for her is that she have her husband produce and cast all future movies and then she might actually have a career ahead of her. She's already ruined her own career. Justin B's fight was always a PR one. She was trying to drag him to improve her own standing.


He fought back and he's done what he needed to do already. He's done it. People know no one will ever look at her the same. Same. No one will ever look at her allegations except most partisan, rabid leftists who believe every Me Too allegations and say, oh he did it, it's just not gonna happen. They've been too effective on team defense of dismantling her allegations and fighting back. I mean, you could make the argument that even this dismissal is in some PR ways good for him because it just draws more attention once again to how flimsy her case is and how absurd this is. And as she tries to act like this, just embattled put upon victim who emerged with this great legal victory, it's only going to make people like me.


And probably a lot of you get their backs up again about her and how ridiculous she is and how she's tormenting him. And you can, you can treble that if she actually does get a big damage award against him. And God forbid it gets T troubled or she gets punitives too. So she's not in a good position. She doesn't give a shit about this money. As I say, she's married to somebody with more money than God. She cares about her reputation and her ability to get cast in future films. And I'm sure she'd love for Justin Baldoni to never be able to make a movie again. She's failed at both goals. Both goals. So it's good news, bad news for both parties. The those damages could really hurt Justin.


I don't think he has a lot of money or any, so we'll see. That's got a big question mark over it. And his claims obviously are not going forward. But she has lost this battle, which I believe was always about pr and this didn't help that, it did not help that with her doubters. The only way she can redu redeem herself with all the people who were fans of hers but now aren't is if she has some sort of spike the ball, the ball moment every day when this thing goes to trial and she's not going to people. The biggest question mark that she has that she could somehow pull through and we'll see is these alleged other women she finally got allowed to got around to referring to in her amended complaint, saying she's not gonna be the only one to accuse him of creating a like hostile work environment or sexual harassment on the set.


And we'll see, he's denying all of that too. And her word is not good, but that's the only sliver I have open for her at trial. If she has a parade of women, come on with very compelling allegations. Okay, now you got my attention again. I doubt it for very good reasons. I doubt it. So that's Balone. I do wanna spend some time on Diddy. I, I can't say enough negative things about this man. I'm not sure he's human. I, I like in the same way you look at a, like a psychopath that like Dahmer who kills people and eats them. That's how I am now looking at Sean Combs.


There's something deeply wrong with him. There's a depravity to this man that we did not know about. And honestly, I'm going to forgive even some of these massive Hollywood celebrities who went to his so-called white parties because it's so much worse than really, I'm sure even they knew, but his intimate team around him knew and they, they do not get forgiven unfortunately for the prosecution. They are also amongst the chief witnesses in this trial. You know, there's the thing in the law where you say like, the devil doesn't hang around with angels. And so when you're, when you're going after the devil who can put him behind bars, the devil's helpers and they're not all that likable either.


So he's had, You know, this cast of characters around him that's helped him, that's looked the other way. As all these women come into his life and get abused, get hooked on drugs, get farmed out to male escorts like their barnyard animals. Yeah. Put out for stud. It is disgusting what he did to this. These women, the women in his life, he doesn't understand what love is. He, he, I I, it's weird because all the people around him are so enamored with him and they come back to him over and over and to this day they talk about how complicated it was. I don't think that's his loving side that they're remembering and like the good times. It's their, it's the fact their starers, not all of them, but many of them.


And they're intoxicated by his money and his celebrity. Most of these people come from nothing and we're very ripe targets for his power and his money, his ability to pay their rent and so on. So they were easy targets And he knew it. He, he was dazzling the security force at the La Intercontinental Hotel. These guys are kind of, You know, law enfor enforcement adjacent even. They were like, yeah, we'll take the money to hide that tape of you beating her, fork it over. Even those guys could be bought. You know, he, he did not look at the law as a threat. He looked as at the law as something he could buy and overcome.


And time and time again he was proven right. And even the people he most harmed kept for forgiving him and going back to him for a job or rent or to be in a relationship with him, even though again they were being treated like barnyard animals. And these women knew it. They did, they did not enjoy it. They did not want it to a woman. You can see, I know, I'm aware of texts from like Cassie Ventura early in the relationship saying, yeah, I can't wait to freak off. I enjoy the freak offs. Keep reading, people, keep reading.


Great. Let's do her text messages. Talk to me when you get to the ones that say, I love the freak offs when we both want them. And how about, You know, if you, if you like evidence, 'cause I like evidence too. How about her running out of the freak off for her life and getting beaten to a pulp and dragged back into the freak off? 'cause that's been the testimony. How about that? Can we agree that maybe the consent that was there initially had waned. Now we've spent this week listening to Jane who followed on the heels of Mia, both pseudonyms. Mia was an employee, Jane was another girlfriend Mia. It's just like serial sexual abuse.


Serial physical abuse. Through all of these witnesses, Mia testified about him coming into her room in her, his home where she was required to keep the door unlocked. All the male employees, the security guards could have locks on their doors, but she couldn't. And that he would come in and abuse her. And she testified she didn't want it. I can, we know, I don't know. I don't know. He was such an, I don't know what I wanna say. I don't wanna say aphrodisiac because that's something that actually turns you on, but he was such a, like a god in the eyes of all these staffers. Can we really believe she didn't want him when he walked in, in, in these ho in her rooms?


I don't know. But I've heard enough from Cassie Ventura and from Jane to know that this guy was happy to force these women into a life of these so-called freak offs or debauchery or hotel nights or whatever you wanna call it. And to beat them and to understand that they didn't wanna be there but to hold the threat of violence, the threat of exposure, the threat of their careers, the threat of rent over their heads to try to force them into it. That I think the, the government's got him. I think they have got him, I think they've got him on every count. Some people are thinking they don't have him on the RICO count where you have to prove he's sort of a mob boss overseeing multiple crimes.


You know, each individual, you only need two underlying crimes for Rico. They've got him. And just, just the, the video from the intercontinental alone is kidnapping and battery. And now you've had testimony from the guy who took his bribe, the, the, the guy, the security officer there who took his a hundred thousand dollars. He said, You know what Diddy, if you want me to destroy the tape, you're gonna have to take it up with my boss or you're gonna have to get a subpoena to, to get control of that tape. And instead did he said, You know, how about a hundred thousand? And that guy's boss said, sure, that guy's boss said here, gimme 50 loser. Absolute cretin took 50 grand and then the guy who testified he'd been given immunity took half of the remaining 50 and gave the other half to another guard who'd been on duty.


The only one who didn't take the bribe was the first guy who was the first witness in this taste in this case who testified that not only did he not take the money And he'd been shown a hundred thousand dollars in cash by Diddy security guard that was in a bag. He said no, but he took out his cell phone and videotaped the security guard tape showing the beating before he left. It was a Friday for the weekend. He said he wanted to show it to your, to his wife. And I'm sure the guy knew there was a very good chance this thing would be disappeared by the time he got back on Monday. And it was, he's the one who gave it, we believe to CNN. And the reason that we've seen it and the reason the, the prosecution opened its case with it, that video, that's like the only man of honor who wouldn't take the money and videotaped the videotape person after person has taken the stand and talked about watching Diddy beat the, these various girlfriends, I mean, relentlessly beat.


There's no, there's no amount of beat. That's okay. But just like the, the, the inhumanity of how he beat them, splitting Cassie's lip throwing a frying pan at her, allegedly. We saw what he did to her on tape. Each woman reporting how she had to go down. She went down to try to avoid, You know, protect her internal organs and prevent too much injury and how he would kick them in the stomach while down. The thing about Jane, I, I do wanna get into What happened with Jane 'cause it was just stunning and heartbreaking and disgusting and tracks what Cassie Ventura told us perfectly what he did to Cassie Ventura from the day he got together with her back in 2000, well it was earlier than 2008, but all straight through to 2018, she got together with him I think around oh six.


But from the beginning, this is Cassie, around oh six to 2018, he was making her do these freak offs with male escorts in hotel rooms. And as soon as that was over, he was doing it with others. You know, I was like, Cassie now sees all the women. See they, they, you were, you were part of an assembly line of women. He used like a barnyard animal. Again, that's no comment on the women. It's, that's a comment on how he valued them. That's how he saw them. Jane comes out and she took over basically as Combs girlfriend, I think shortly after he and Cassie broke up and she was his on again off again girlfriend, straight through to when he got arrested in 2024.


And this is the saddest story I gotta tell you. Like, spend time with your children. You don't have to tell them everything they do is wonderful, every two marks on an art paper as a Picasso. But you do have to build up your child's sense of self and self-confidence and understanding that they belong in this world to a family, ideally with family dinners and time invested by a parent. And if god forbid, the child loses a father figure either from the beginning or some way along the way, make sure they have a strong male role model so they don't need to be affirmed by random men who can't fucking stand them or respect them like Sean Diddy Combs.


I, I just feel like there's a couple stories here. There's a story about the depravity of this man. I don't know how that happened. Had to be more than wealth and fame because a lot of people get wealthy and famous and don't, don't do this. But it's also the story of these women and how sad they were, how unfilled they were, how unsated as humans they were on a like confidence and brain level that they would time and time again allow him to force them into these freak offs. And then of course go back to them, go back to him over and over in the beatings. It's a tale that's related to domestic violence. It is domestic violence, but it's just, it's so hard for women who are find, find themselves in abusive relationships.


And if you can understand why a woman allows herself to get beaten more than once, you can understand why a woman allows herself to be forced back into these so-called freak offs more than once. It's all part of a pattern of abuse. If this had been once or twice, Nia had a text message saying, I want it. Or like in Jane's case, she said, or I think it was either Jane or Mia, forgive me, I'm, I blend them sometimes saying in the beginning, I, I, it was Jane saying I wanted it in the beginning because it seemed taboo then, then he might have a defense that like there was consent. I wasn't forcing it and I had no reason to believe that there was no consent. It's so far beyond that people, it's just so far beyond that. And let me get into just a couple of the details of Jane.


She, she testified about a hotel night. She didn't call it freak us. They called it either hotel nights are debauchery, in which she wanted the male partner, the escort to wear a condom. And Combs did not want her to wear, he did not want the guy to wear the condom. The prosecution played the recording 'cause there was a recording audio from this freak off or this hotel night played the part of the recording for the court. It was roughly eight minutes and 25 seconds. The audio revealed a tape of Jane Combs and a male sex worker, Don, she requested Don used a condom, Combs interjected, questioned why what they are doing.


Jane said Don did not use protection during the sexual encounter with her. Jane was asked why she needed Combs permission to have the man wear a condom. Jane seemed to get emotional and said she was still trying to process that. She said she didn't insist on the man wearing a condom because Combs would be unhappy. She said that after she would, she would sexually engage with the male sex worker. Combs would have sex with her immediately. She would not clean up the sex worker's, bodily fluids, Combs, and she would play with the bodily fluids. Forgive me, then she would shower and repeat the process. Jane said that, that most hotel nights lasted longer than 24 hours, saw tracks perfectly with what we heard from Cassie with no sleep testifying that Combs would give her ecstasy to stay awake and continue performing.


The longest hotel night, according to Jane's testimony, lasted more than three days with no sleep. Same Cassie Ventura said. Same, it's the, the, the racehorse has a fractured leg and should not be put out on the track or it could die and the trainer shoots it up with all sorts of drug cocktails to make it run, run. I want my prize money. That's how this feels. These women are trying to do what this man who feels more like their owner than their love their partner wants them to do.


And they keep falling. They don't want it. They get disgusted, they try to leave. In Jane's case, she got physically ill And he sends them back out there bum leg or not run, do it. He's a disgusting, filthy pig. That's my opinion. I am horrified by this man. I can't wait to watch him rot behind bars forever. And if God forbid, this guy gets acquitted, I can't wait to watch the shunning and I can't wait to personally shun and humiliate anybody who doesn't shun him because they haven't been paying attention.


They haven't been listening to the testimony. If that's what happens. Jane cried and was emotional as she detailed a different hotel night in 2023 in Miami where she had sex with three other men at Combs insistence on her birthday, she testified she flew to Miami with Combs who told her they'd spend quality time together. She, if you've seen the, the testimony of Jane, she kept begging him to just be her boyfriend to just love her. She just wanted quality time with him. She saw the paper or or through text or whatever that he was with other women like in what appeared to be like an actual date. And she wanted that. And he kept luring her in saying, okay, yes, let's do that. Let's get together, let's go out in Miami.


Only to surprise her with another night of debauchery, she flew to Miami with Combs who told her they would spend quality time together only to then bring up plans for a hotel night during their nice romantic dinner on the stand, Jane grew very emotional while discussing the birthday. She heaved more than once. As she cried, she is overwhelmed with these memories. And prosecutor Maureen Comey asked her repeatedly if she needed a break each time. Jane said no, but that was extremely emotional testimony. She said she felt obligated to perform these acts for Combs.


She said he began paying her $10,000 per month in rent in what she described as a love contract during their three year relationship. She said she felt like she had to perform the sex acts and that she expressed her displeasure, her displeasure many times. Quote, I don't wanna be used and locked in a room to perform and fulfill your fantasies. She texted him and the jury saw this text, I don't wanna play this role in your life anymore. It's dark, sleazy, it makes me feel disgusted with myself. I feel it's the only reason you have me around and why you pay for the house. I don't wanna feel obligated to perform these nights with you in fear of losing the roof over my head. At one point he texted her asking if he could come over adding that's my house too, at another, he texted her the same message six consecutive times, are you going to let me in our house?


Prosecution's alleging that paying rent was a form of financial coercion employed by Combs. In other words, he gets her, he says, oh, I'll pay for your rent. Move on in. You're gonna love it. I'll take care of you. Then she moves in and then when she doesn't perform, as he insists, he threatens to remove the roof from over her head. And I know what you're thinking. She could have walked out, she could have walked out. It's the same thing as a domestic violence victim. People, which she also was, he was also beating her. She alleges it's, it's just so much more complicated than that. It is not like she's a gold digger. You have to look at the overall relationship and the number of abusive incidents between them and the threats, again, that were allegedly made by him to expose this behavior that he had on tape.


That's why the prosecution's alleging it's all part of a Rico scam, like a criminal enterprise where he, he was using coercion to, to force the women to continue doing it. In response to her concerns, she says, Combs invited her to New York and said that it would be a proper trip. He keeps doing this. The one in Miami, the one in New York. It'll be a proper trip, but surely after her arrival, he arranged another hotel night at Trump International Hotel. He gave her ecstasy and invited a cowboy wearing heels to come over. This is one of those escort services that Cassie testified that it was like cowboys for angels. These guys would show up like this to join them and have sex with her while he watched.


That was his thing after the New York trip was that Miami trip that we were just getting into, and we'll get into the details of that in a second. And Jane texted that text, I read you, I don't, I don't wanna do this anymore. Here's another text I don't feel like performing. Loveless cold sex. She texted him in October, 2023. I'm not a porn star, I'm not an animal. I need a break. He wrote back saying he just wanted to spend the day with her. You're gonna spend the day what love bombing me. She said, so you can get what you want. It's not genuine. I've hit a mental and spiritual wall. Nonetheless, he got her down to Miami and once again, another night of debauchery, every time she trusted him that they might have just like a dinner, like a date, like go to a movie, he, he said, oh, that's what it'll be.


And then every single time he was like, now we're having an escort come. And if she didn't, she was gonna lose everything. No more roof over over your head where this is obviously not a strong woman. I'm sorry, I don't mean that insulting, but Jane is obviously extremely vulnerable. Extremely vulnerable, And he loved exploiting her. He loved making her suffer. I feel like this is part of it. You know how Harvey Weinstein couldn't get off unless he was doing something dirty? I feel like Diddy couldn't get off unless the woman wasn't there under a bit of protest that he knew And he was forcing this stranger on her, like, I definitely think this is part of his fetish.


Jane told the court, after exchanging a series of messages with Combs, she did agree to meet him. And after this one, this is October of 2023, they met at the Beverly Hills Hotel. Combs said that this would be the last one. We're gonna have a sobriety party where we're gonna get off drugs and we're gonna stop doing this. And at that freak off, she did it Sober Combs took ecstasy and cocaine and invited three men to have sex with Jane. She said after having sex with the first two, she threw up how horrified she was at what she was being forced to do, but Combs encouraged her to continue. Jane, she testified, felt absolutely terrible.


I was just disgusted. She said I was repulsed. She said she subsequently developed a urinary tract infection and a yeast infection. She texted Combs, she placed and paid all of these harmful men on me and risked my health. She told him the relationship was never love and quote, I regret everything and all this dark toxic shit that entered my life. She testified about how that night in that hotel room, she was forced to, well, she had sex with the two escorts. That's when she got sick and went back into the bathroom and said, I can't, I can't do this anymore.


And he said, oh good, you threw up now you'll feel better now. Get back out there. And she went back out there and there was a third escort that she had sex with. This is, this is an animal. He's an animal. He tried to make her into a barnyard animal. There's something deeply wrong with this man. I don't give a shit about his fucking gray sweater and his little collar and his Bible. How dare he bring the Bible in there? How dare he pretend to understand the Bible or God or goodness. He's the living opposite.


He's a devil in a gray sweater. This stuff is so beyond disgusting. I, I don't, I need to know how, I need to know What happened to him, that he behaved like this, that he became like this with people. He was supposed to love people he was supposed to take care of. It is just Jane says, Combs threatened to release her sex tapes to her child's father. She testified at one point after Cassie Ventura's lawsuit became public and she says she almost fainted. She said, I think in fact, I think I did faint.


It was a nightmare. I can't believe I'm reading my own story. She texted Combs immediately. I feel like I'm reading my own sexual trauma. The sick part is you knew this was coming and you gaslit me. You made me feel crazy about the sex trauma I was developing. Knowing you've been here before, it's also clear that this was sexual exploitation that you framed as love for your sick fetishes. Jane's not dumb. The court then heard audio of a conversation Jane had with Combs a few days later in which Combs tells Jane he needs her friendship and that they need to get through this together. I need you to be there for me. He said, You know, you don't get to worry about anything else. Jane testified that she took that to mean he would continue to pay for her rent if she cooperated with him.


She says she testified at one point about Ventura's lawsuit becoming public and that Combs told her to quote, charge me for your resentment over the relationship. I just need you to get over this. She recalled Combs telling her I don't want any loose ends. After Jane proposed he pay her $150,000, which is a pittance, I say pittance. Cassie testified she settled that case for 20 million bucks. Combs accused her of being an opportunist, threatened to release video recordings of her having sex with other men during hotel, hotel nights to the father of her child. Jane said that she reported the threats to kk, Christina Kran Combs as chief of staff and asked Kran to intervene.


According to Jane, KK assured her that nothing would happen and that she and Combs just needed to give each other space. Again, his enterprise around her kk around him, kk and others are part of the alleged enterprise engaging in the criminal conspiracy. She also testified, and I'll wrap it up after this, she testified that he beat her. She admits that in this beating, she hit him back. Let's not kid ourselves, people. He, he was twice her size. She's a small little thing. She told the court that in 2024, this is after, It's after the three men in the hotel and her vomiting and him saying, that's good.


You'll be ready to go back out there. It's after wear. The don't wear the condom. It's after I feel like a barnyard animal. It's just, if you understand women who go back to men who abuse them, then you can understand Jane's decisions better too. She told the court she missed him. Hmm, 20, 24 and that they eventually got back to back together. June 18th, 2024. He came to her house in Los Angeles after he got back from a family trip to Utah. She doesn't get to go on the family trips they got, neither did Cassie, by the way. This is one of Cassie's complaints. She was also the sidepiece animal, kept in a pen, asked to perform. She was not, she was never the main squeeze. And she saw him like Jane did out with other women who were, You know, presentable, okay to be seen with in public.


The others occasionally did, but they knew that they weren't really being presented as the girlfriend. And they got into an argument that escalated into physical violence. Said she was upset by a young woman that she thought he was with on that trip and called him a pedophile. Said she pushed his head into a marble counter and started throwing candles around the house and locked herself in a bathroom. Combs kicked the bathroom door off of its hinges, she said. So she ran into a closet and then tried to leave. Jane said Combs caught her at the front door, kicked her in the thigh and put her in a choke hold. She said she was able to squirm out of it and ran outside. Testified she returned to the house thinking Combs had left, but he followed her inside this time. She said she hid in the guest bedroom and locked the door, which Combs also kicked in.


He was after her man And he meant business. Then ran onto the patio. Think of him this angry, think of what you saw in that videotape. How would you like that man running after you as a hundred pound woman where they punched each other? Jane said she went into a ball on the ground in her backyard as Combs kicked and punched her. She said he grabbed her by the hair and dragged her back into the house. Where have we seen that before? Does that sound like a pattern to you? Shortly after the fight, Combs invited a male entertainer over because he said, we're not gonna end the night end. We're not gonna end the night like this. I, this is like the lowest moment I've had in this whole trial.


This is after the three escorts. This is after you threw up so you can do more. This is after all the other things. She gets back with him. She, she gets beaten by him. She runs, she keeps locking doors down that he busts down. He kicks and punches and beats the shit out of her. And then he says, we're having a hotel night. A, a male escort is coming over. Jane said he told her to put on makeup and put her hair to the side to cover her injuries and insisted she take an ecstasy pill before having sex with the male escort. While Combs watched, she told the court Combs had his assistant and a security guard later delivered 10,000 to $12,000 in cash for damage to the home, which included four broken doors and to pay the male escort who did come and have a hotel night.


Photos of the damaged doors were shown in court. I like, I can't, I guess I need to tell you at this point, he denies all these allegations. He's entitled to the presumption of innocence. Some of the testimony of some witnesses has fallen apart. Like the one woman who acted as his chief of staff for a period of time. Ollin the one who said he dangled her over the balcony. He's produced receipts and cross-examination that show her alleged pictures of injuries are from a time when he was out of the country.


She fell apart on the stand. It was a major victory for Diddy. So we cannot take everybody's word as gospel And he has not yet begun presenting his defense. What we know that that helps him. We know from his cross examinations of these witnesses. But I'm sorry, you're never gonna convince me these women are making this shit up. His defense, by the way, with most, like with Cassie and with Jane, appears to be like, at some times you consented and you took the money and you liked having an apartment. Or in Cassie's case you liked having the trappings of wealth and somebody to produce your records. It does not appear to be they did not do this stuff. That he's not an inhumane callous asshole.


I just like, it's, it is overwhelming. I'm, I, I guess I should have included like a warning before we did this show for people who've experienced sexual violence or domestic violence. 'cause I, I know this stuff actually can be triggering. I am thankfully not a victim of such violence, but I've interviewed and known so many that I know this actually can be triggering. So my apologies for not putting that up front. I assume you kind of know it. We're gonna get into the Diddy case, but that's where we are. The government's proving its case. This guy's going to be convicted. I will be stunned if he does not get convicted And he is likely going to jail for the rest of his natural life, which is where he belongs. He should not be able to p prowl the world seeking the ruination of souls, if You know the reference.


Okay, sorry to end on such a dark note, but I guess the, the positive on all of this is he's caught, he is on trial right now because we have a justice system that recognizes these are crimes. You're actually not allowed to coerce women into sexual acts with prostitutes and make them effective prostitutes against their will over and over and over again by threatening to tell their baby daddy or their parents or the world that they're the sluts you've turned them into. You're not allowed to do that. It actually is a crime. It counts as sex trafficking by force, which is the second and one of most serious crimes he's charged with.


So I, I don't care that it's Maureen Comey, I don't care the prosecution's, right? This case was proper. That's my opinion. And we'll, we'll wait to see what his defense is. There actually is serious talk about him possibly taking the stand, which I believe would be a mistake. The reason some think it wouldn't be is because clearly this man has the devil's ability to charm or this wouldn't have gone on for so long. Some somebody on his staff would've done something clearly, right? Like somebody would've said, gee, I think you firebombed somebody's car. We should probably call the cops.


Or somebody would've said, I'm watching you beat woman after woman. A lot of the staff saw that and did nothing. And clearly he's got some mystical ability. And again, I believe it's related to his enormous money, wallet and fame, enormous fame, and people falling under his spell like a cult master almost. So maybe they're banking on that same, is it charisma? Is it like the ability to sound self-deprecating? Notwithstanding the fact that you're a huge star, he can't buy the jury, he can't offer them a roof over their heads. He can't threaten them. So I'm not sure you can bank on those abilities if he were to take the stand.


So I do feel heartened that the prosecution was brought, You know, in a way it's like the Epstein trial, that we never got this gross, disgusting, super rich, super connected guy who just over and over exploited vulnerable women. And we never got to see this with Jeffrey Epstein, but we're getting to see it with Sean Diddy Combs And he deserves every freaking minute of it. My only regret is that these women aren't on camera because it would be even more powerful for us to see their testimonials. But I appreciate it for their sakes, that it's not federal court doesn't allow cameras. And I'm sure these women were very happy that it wasn't televised, You know, for obvious reasons.


Just, You know, I'd like to see, I'd like to have the tape out there. It's just very powerful to see the tape and America like his defender should be forced to see the tapes and defend them. This is not the Amber Heard trial. The Blake Lively trial is the amber her trial. In my opinion, this is not, this is real. He's a deeply problematic man and I hope justice prevails. Okay on that. I'm going on vacation. We've got some good content key queued up for you while we're gone. We'll miss you. But this is our, our family vacation where the kids, and we go someplace great. And I'll tell you the details when we get back.


Never liked to really broadcast it in advance because then you're kind of inviting the paparazzi to show up. It happened to us in Italy. I don't want it to happen here. So anyway, more details when we get back. I won't subject you to a bunch of vacation details and photos, but I'll just fill in a couple of the blanks and I really hope you guys have a great 10 days. Please continue listening and downloading that'll help our show and I appreciate that and am update same. And we will reconnect on Monday, June 23rd, unless something big breaks between now and then where I will be bringing my broadcasting technology with me. So you may actually hear from me between now and then.


So do continue downloading the show. Have a great week or so and we'll see you when I get back. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Let me tell you about Financial Yield Solutions, Inc. Known as FYSI. If you are handling your own books or you have a bookkeeper, you risk inaccuracies, missed deductions and blind spots in cash flow. FYI's team of seasoned accounting professionals, corporate and tax attorneys handle every journal entry, bank reconciliation, and month end close with unmatched precision, delivering clear and timely financial reports that keep you in control. They weave advanced tax avoidance strategies into your bookkeeping so you capture every deduction before you file and plug you into their network of industry leaders and referral partners for real world growth opportunities. Set up your free consultation to learn how FYI's experts will transform your books into a growth engine and accelerate your business to the next level. Act now to claim your free $5,000 business assessment available only for a limited time. Visit FYSI dot com slash megan. Use the promo code Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000 today.


Let's talk about transforming the time that matters most into the most comfortable part of your day. That's the mission behind Cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheets are designed to regulate temperature and provide a cooler, more comfortable night's sleep made from Visco, from bamboo, they naturally wick away heat and moisture, helping you sleep several degrees cooler for daytime comfort. The all day tea is an essential every day item. It's naturally breathable fabric helps you keep cool and comfortable from morning to night. And the Studio Pan Collection offers softness, breathability, and comfort. Cozy Earth offers a 100 night sleep trial so you can try their bedding during the hottest nights of the year. And if it's not a fit, returns are hassle free. Plus there's a 10 year warranty on all bedding products luxury should not be out of reach. Go to Cozy Earth dot com and use the code Megan for up to 40% off Cozy Earth's best selling temperature regulating sheets, apparel and more. Trust me, you could feel the difference the very first night. That's Cozy Earth dot com Code Megan, sleep cooler, lounge lighter. Stay cozy


When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results. America leads. When it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mi.edu.