
Got a hunch about this football season, put it in play with FanDuel's. Easy to use app right now. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets. Nothing can stop This team. Nothing. Sounds like someone's got an optimistic hunch. 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required. Bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Walmart plus members. Save on meeting up with friends. Save on having them over for dinner with free delivery with no hidden fees or markups. That's groceries plus napkins, plus that vegetable chopper to make things a bit easier. Plus members save on gas to go meet them in their neck of the woods. Plus, when you're ready for the ultimate sign of friendship, start a show together with your included Paramount plus subscription, Walmart Plus member save on this plus so much more. Start a 30 day free trial@walmartplus.com. Paramount plus essential plan, only separate registration required. CU Walmart plus terms and conditions.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. The conventions are now officially over. Thank God. Aren't you relieved? I stayed up so late every day this week watching this terrible, terrible production. It I was, I was bored. I was tired, I was uninspired, but I had to be there because there was a lot of fact checking to do. There were a lot of lies, spew, and we needed to discuss it. But I'm so glad that this is over. So glad And now we begin the sprint to election day.


Vice President Kamala Harris delivered her big speech last night. You know, I thought it was the best she could do. She did literally the best she's capable of doing and there's a reason for that. We'll tell you what Mark Halperin is reporting some in the press. Even thought it was magical. It was ma, it was magical in that it was make believe. I mean, this is not the real person. We know who the real person is. We've been watching her for years now. There was no hint of who she actually is last night, but she delivered a nice speech that obviously somebody else wrote for her. And that's one of my other questions who wrote it? Because it certainly seems like Team Obama is officially on board and all of that same team is all over the media praising her to high heaven without disclosing that they may be helping her behind the scenes, which is unethical.


I'd love to know, what about David Axelrod and the Pod Save America guys? Are you actually writing her speeches and advising her and then going on air and talking about how amazingly she performed? Because that's not okay. John Mitcham, remember him out there? Oh, Joe Biden amazing. And it turns out he had written the speech and he was praising it on M-S-N-B-C. Anyway, there's a lot of stuff happening around this woman's makeover. It's an extreme makeover and we may never get the answers. It's basically just suppositions and suspicions at this point. Her speech was short on policy for the American voters.


All the soaring rhetoric. She's gonna unite us. Okay, sure. We're not united. We're not gonna be united. Her boss said that too. And then within a year or two we got dark Brandon. It wound up being one of the shortest acceptance speeches in history, which we were grateful for. Let's be honest, so late. Thank God for those counting. It's now been 33 days since Ms. Harris took the baton, received the torch from President Biden, and we still have not seen one interview and no news conferences. She took a couple of questions at the back of the plane one day, which were absolutely non substantive.


And yet when the VP passed by the media, this is their big chance. NBC News was back there last night after her speech. It's Kamala, it's Tim Walls. This is it. This is great. This is your chance as reporter to freaking ask a real question. This is what happened. Mr. Madam, vice President. Hi Kelly. How do you feel tonight? I feel Good now on to tomorrow. Good to see you last night. Yeah. Congratulations to you. Good to see you here. How's your Governor Walls, Mrs. Walls? Congratulations. Thank you. Oh good. It's felt good. I mean, listen, we've got 75 days ago, So Maybe for better and for worse.


That's the way I am. Like that was good. Now we gotta move on. We got to do enjoy one night. Nice to see you guys. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Good to see you guys. Thank you. Nice to see you president. Congratulations Dr. Wallace. Congratulations, sir. Ah, that's, that's NBC's Kelly O'Donnell, also known as the outgoing president of the White House Correspondence Association. You know, the people who are supposed to hold this administration to account the same people who weren't interested in the fact that a Parkinson's doctor had visited the White House repeatedly when Joe Biden, well, oh wait, he's still in office when he was in office and they still loved him. That that White House Correspondence Association, the other person with her yelling, congratulations, that's Peter Alexander, NBC News, white House correspondent.


You have one job, one job, and it is to cover the White House. And now this presidential race, all those who want to be in the White House and you failed. You had this big, they tweeted that out. It's not like somebody caught it on tape and then tweeted it out to embarrass them. They tweeted it out. They're proud of this. Joining me now, two of our favorites, rich Lowry, he's editor in chief of National Review and Charles CW Cook, senior writer at National Review and host of the Charles CW Cook podcast for all of their work, become an NR Plus subscriber. You will not be sorry you did one of the favorite things of mine on the NR website national review.com is you can listen to all the articles.


So when I'm getting ready in the morning when I'm walking the dog, I click on the audio and you can listen to them even if you're not a subscriber. But If, you do. You have to listen to the ads, which of course we never wanna listen to 'cause we wanna get to the content. So you have no ads when you do that on the audio. That's yet another reason to subscribe. And it's not that expensive.


Are you a guy who's sick of uncomfortable dress shirts, especially when they bunch up under a sweater? If so, you could check out collars and co makers of the original dress collar polo. Their shirts have four-way stretch their soft and have firm dress collars on them. They will give you that dress shirt look, but with an extremely comfortable polo feel. Wear them with anything under a sweater, with a blazer or by themselves. They're perfect for the office, the golf course, or even a night out callers and cos exploding on social media right now. And they've received a million dollar investment on ABC's Hit Show Shark Tank. They have an amazing, a array of sweaters, quarter zips, pants, and outerwear too. If, you are looking for a performance dress shirt or polo that looks great all day. Check out collars and co.com. Use promo code MK for 15% off any purchase of $100 or more.


Guys, happy Friday. Great to see you. Hey, maybe we should have Charlie start reading those articles really slowly, Megan, just so you have to listen to 'em. Times two, speed like Your mok ads. Charlie loves mok. Okay Guys, can you believe that? I like it's one thing to say congratulations and then Madam Vice president, you know, you said the following Trump's already saying that's not true. Whatever you, you always have a sub substantive question up your sleeve in case you get access But. it was just like we saw all week with her congratulatory Pat on the back.


Let's enjoy the coronation rich. And yeah, I mean the Press Corps has changed. I dunno whether, whether you remember Jack Germond, he used to be on the McLaughlin group. I think he was with the Baltimore Sun, but he was this overweight, balding, rumpel guy who, who wrote numerous campaign books. I just can't imagine ever congratulating anyone for anything, right? He just wasn't on board. He was hard, bitten and skeptical, if not cynical about everyone. And we have a press score that's totally different now that's more quote unquote professional. Although their work isn't as good and fair anymore and they've been totally on board. And we, we talked about this, I, I think right around the time that the transition was happening to Kamala, how, how just in the tank the press would be But.


it, it's, it's shocked me even knowing what it would be or thinking I knew what it would be like going in. It's, it's even been worse than I could have imagined. And to have, you know, one of the few opportunities ever presented to ask an unscripted question and to say, how do you feel? And congratulations is just, it's just typical. It's the, the, the reaction to what we saw as a fairly anodyne speech, Charlie. I mean, she really said almost nothing. She delivered it. Well, especially for Kamala Harris who we know how she actually speaks was sickening. I mean the, the, it's beyond spin. It's just, it's almost gaslighting.


I'll just give you, I'm gonna give you three examples here. I'll play you a triple soundbite. Rachel Maddow, Jake Tapper and Jen Psaki. Listen to this reaction. Alright? You'll remember where you were when you heard this speech tonight from the Vice President of the United States. You're gonna remember where you were on this night. No, this is an inflection point in history. It was a remarkable address. One that I've never seen her give quite like this before. A very, very powerful speech. You gotta go back, I think to Barack Obama in 2008 for a democratic speech like this. Perhaps even a speech like this at all Is this magical, charismatic quality in person.


So do a lot of politicians, people say that about Hillary Clinton. Also true. The public has to see it in order to get you elected. And tonight and over the last couple of weeks, she showed the public that when You said, what, these are the text messages that I'm getting. What did you mean? Well, I mean by that, is she just, that was fierce and fearless how she just delivered that? Yeah. That's who she has been. Charlie, I I I'm sure you're in the middle of writing your national review column with those same words. Fierce, fearless, magical charisma. Is that how you experienced it? Well actually I managed to get a really quick tattoo of her face on my arm this morning. I was so moved. It was fine. It was fine.


And she read from a teleprompter, she was better than she has been. She also said nothing. I think this is one thing those people are missing is that the reason that it went okay was that she said nothing. You know, they had focus groups who also said it was fine. I think I saw CNN's went out to a b plus. And the reason for that is that when you deliver adequately speech that is reasonably well written with lights on you and people waving flags and say absolutely nothing that could challenge or upset anyone, they will give you reasonable marks for it.


But that reaction that you just played is absolutely preposterous. And it was, it was fine. As I say, there was a piece in The Daily Beast this morning by David Rothko that I think people should look up and read. You've gotta read all 16 paragraphs of it that honestly reads as if we've just won a world war that we've been in for eight years. It is the most ridiculous, hyperbolic, hysterical thing I've ever seen. But I assume most of it was written before the speech was given because Harris is a, is a creation of the press. She's an avatar. Her campaign does not exist at the moment. And the response was like the speech itself completely fabricated.


Yeah. Is that the, you said daily bees? 'cause there's their headline is Kamala Harris nailed the greatest speech of her life. And to that I thought yes. Well that that's true. But I mean, like look at all the others. But what's so, what's so galling about it Rich is what're not, you know, tapper's, CNN madhouse, M-S-N-B-C, we showed you the NBC reporters. Here's John Carl at a b, C. This is all the mainstream. This is who reports on and controls the messaging and news. Listen to Jonathan Carl, He gave a speech, George that If, you take out that section on abortion rights. Much of this speech could have been delivered at a Republican convention, a republican convention before Trump.


This is A-A-A-A-A Kamala Harris that sounded a little bit more like Maggie Thatcher or or Ronald Reagan. Rich. I, I'm friends with John Carl in it and I, I generally admire his work. But that's, that's overly enthusiastic. And it, it's, it, it goes to the falsity of it, right? When did she, even if it's true, and I I don't think it's true If, you read it line by line. When did she become a Republican? Right? And shouldn't we wanna know how this happened? What, what this massive change that she's undergone in her thinking? But there ha there is no thinking. She, she is reading a, a campaign from a teleprompter. That's what her campaign is. She does it competently. I I thought the speech was fine.


It was the best speech he's ever given, given, but that's obviously an extremely low bar. And it wasn't even the best speech at the convention, which might've been Michelle Obama, right? That line that Michelle Obama had about who's gonna tell Trump, you know, that maybe the presidency is one of those black jobs. He talks about, I dunno whether she came up with that on her own But. it was a great line and she owned the line and she's a natural at this in a way. Kamala isn't, she's a manufactured production. She's more of a complete cipher than we've ever had in recent presidential politics. This amazing event happens where the presidential nomination's handed to her. We don't hear anything about it In her own words, how she felt, what was her role in the transition?


She picks a vice presidential candidate, no sit down interview the way you'd always have with Veep picked and no interviews or major press availabilities before or during her convention. And it's obviously 'cause they switched out a candidate they didn't trust in spontaneous settings and replaced him with another candidate who's younger and better at the teleprompter, but that they also don't trust in spontaneous settings. Yeah. Ben Shapiro's taking a calling her scammer, she, he's not wrong. This whole thing. That's, that was my biggest takeaway last night was it was irritating because she did well in reading her speech that obviously had been written for her.


She did well in delivering it. And, and she is an empty vessel. She remains an empty vessel. We don't know what we're electing. We have clues that suggest she is nothing like the moderate. Her speech writer wants us to believe she is, but they're perfectly happy they, the democrats and the media that's covering for them to, to keep it a mystery, Charles, because they understand the truth will not iner her benefit. And their main takeaway is that Trump is just so, such a special evil, he must be stopped and we don't really care what's in the bill. We'll have to pass it before we can read it. Yeah. And it's a huge problem for them in the long run because even if it works, people will eventually notice.


I mean, Harris has not actually advanced a single argument. She's made the case that she should be president quite why she hasn't explained, but she hasn't made an argument for a set of policies in which she believes, or that her party is superior. And so if she does become president, I think a lot of people are gonna be very quickly shocked. And the only concession to policy in which she is thus far indulged was to talk about price controls and subsidies for housing demand, which was savaged savaged in the Washington Post savaged at CNN Savaged by every major economist.


And the best Jason Furman, who was Obama's favorite economist, could say was, well, it probably won't happen, which is not a ringing endorsement. And so she stopped that quite quickly. This is an empty campaign. She is a a shell. And as I said earlier, and as you have intimated with the clips that you've played, she has largely left the details of who she is, what she stands for, and what she would represent to the press. And it reminds me of this old Ricky Vets joke where he is talking about God creating the earth. And you know, he says, and and he created the lands in the seas and he creates the animals. And then he says, and it was good. And Dve says, wasn't that great? You get to review your own work.


You get to do all the work, and then you are the guy who gets to do the definitive review of your work. This is how I feel about the press. Like they've created this completely false person and they've managed to promulgate this abroad the land so that everyone has this, this insincere conception of Kamala Harris. And then they report on that. They say, wow, look, she's doing okay in the polls. Or people think that she's the future or people think that she's full of joy. Well, yeah, 'cause you you just told them assiduously who she is. You, you, you, you, you did the work and now you're doing the review. There's a couple of things on that.


So I mentioned at the top of the show, our friends over at Commentary, Matt Connet goes on that podcast and he was suggesting today that If, you read her speech, it matches up perfectly with everything David Axelrod has been saying for a year about how Biden needed to change his messaging, that the save democracy stuff wasn't working. And that what he really needed to do was change the messaging in a way that matches up perfectly with everything Kamala Harris said. So that's Axelrod. Then today, look at, there's John Favreau, he's part of Pod Save America. Kamala Harris absolutely crushed this presidential as any convention speech I've ever heard. Ben Rhodes, former deputy national Security advisor under Obama, Kamala, just did some real work on foreign policy, combating autocracy, supporting allies standing up to Putin, speaking to the suffering of Palestinians in a way that we rarely hear.


This is someone ready to be president right now? My my my thought is that if any or all of these guys, rich is actually advising her on how to craft her speech, her policy or otherwise behind the scene, then this is absolutely grossly disgusting and irresponsible that that needs to be disclosed. Think you, you can, you can help her, Axel Rod can help her fau, they can all help her not without disclosing it and not without them going out and commenting on the very things that you may or may not, but may have been advising her on, I believe isn't, isn't Axl Rod's former political consultancy working for her now?


And certainly Axelrod David is Yeah, so I mean, it's, it's, it's all, all the, the kind of former Obama brew and, and Axelrod, you know, to credit has been right about most things. I mean, he, he was early on saying th this age thing is a problem for Joe Biden early on saying we, we gotta, we gotta dump him. And he is right about the democracy message. There, there was some of it at the convention. We saw another, you know, video of montage of the shocking images from January 6th. He had Jamie Raskin and others making a January 6th a type case. But I don't think Barack Obama, if I'm not mistaken, I don't think he mentioned it once and Kamala did, did mention it, But. it wasn't the main focus. And I think they're right to make a case against Trump.


That's more of the, the kind of argument you make against the conventional Republican. He wants to tax cut taxes for the rich. He's outta touch. He's all about the billionaires. He wants to cut Social security and Medicare, which he doesn't. And he wants to ban abortion. And he is very familiar and divisive and it's time to move on. That, that is a much more sensible case than what they were trying to do do and what the Biden campaign was trying to do. True. I mean it, and no one would dispute that, that's a better message. But my only suggestion or my not suggestion, my, what I'm saying explicitly is if Axelrod actually is advising this campaign in any way and then goes on CNN as a supposedly right, clear minded objective analyst, understanding he has democrat, you know, leanings and, and has helped Obama.


That's dishonest. That is unethical. It's unethical by c Nnn. This is what John Meacham got in trouble for over at M Ms N bbc where he, he had written the Joe Biden speech, I can't remember which one it might have been. The State of the Union remember this. And then He, the Jim, the Jim Crow, he was Soaring. It was amazing. Oh really? You really love your own pen? Yeah. It also could be, could have been the Jim Crow 2.0 speech. I, i, I forget. But, but these all, all these, Charlie mentioned this on the, the editors recorded a while ago. All these same people, these historians, John Meacham and and others, Doris Kerns Goodwin, who advised OBO Biden and tried to convince him he was the next FDR are gonna be there right in in January if she wins saying the same things, whispering the same things in her ear.


So no matter what she's running as now she will attempt to be a transformational left wing president, LBJ and FDR all wrapped into one as soon as she assumes office. Here's another one for you, Jonathan Cha, New York Magazine. Best acceptance speech I've ever seen. It goes on to say it was perfect. Absolutely perfect. Okay. That's not, that's not what I saw. But I did see somebody who was a good reader and managed not to do the weird cackle. You know, somebody was asking about this the other day online about, you know, the joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy. I mean, it's everywhere.


It's so annoying. Matt TA's been going off on this. It's really irritating him. It's obviously all a campaign to excuse away her bizarre cackle and the inopportune inappropriate times she uses it. Charles, to me, this this whole thing has been actually a very smart and effective rebranding effort. Trump's big, you know, his greatest gift is marketing. And the Democrats appears to be branding, which is slightly different, but related thing. They took one of her biggest weaknesses, this weird off-putting strange cackle. And they rebranded it joyful. She's joyful. The Republicans are dour. That was in her speech last night talking about how they're so down, their messaging so down.


She's happy. You see, she's not depressing. She's a cackler. That, that shows how joyful she is. And we're supposed to accept this as a policy prescription for our inflationary and border problems. It is risky though it is working at the moment, But, it is risky. I think there is a very thin line between turning somebody's liabilities into a meme and making them cool by some strange process of alchemy and that person becoming a joke as a result. I mean a lot of the memes about Kamala Harris, if the circumstances change are going to look like criticisms the coconuts and the rebranding of the laugh, the palm trees and so on.


'cause she hasn't fundamentally changed. I mean, it's funny you played that clip. The first one you played of the journalists being obs Reus when around her she cackled, she said two words and then she cackled. So she can hide it on a stage, but she can't hide it forever because that's who she is. And I do think, although I think she has a real good chance of winning in November, I do think that the time for a completely substance, less media driven vacuous campaign is coming to an end. I actually don't think that the public is shallow enough to let this continue unchallenged for another 70 days.


Maybe something can replace it and it will infuriate us just as smudge. But there's going to come a point, especially when Americans tune in, which they tend not to really, until the election gets closer. When they say, okay, but what else is there? Who is this person? What has she done? What has she think? What has she said? I think they believe that They can get away with this indefinitely. I don't think that they can, because I don't think you can indefinitely make her appealing. So there's gonna have to be something else as interference. Well, you know, you, you raise an interesting point how she, the cackle came out after two seconds in that exchange. So we've now learned from the reporting that she was very brushed back on her heels after her interview with Lester Holt, where, I mean, truly one of the nicest guys in journalism.


And he said to her, you haven't been to the border. And she says she's the border star. And she's like, and I haven't been to Europe. Right? And everyone saw what a faux pa it was and how dumb she looked. And the reports are that she was actually very rattled by her own performance and went underground for a while, like started hiding from the press and started Googling what Fox News was saying about her. It's the same person, rich, who last night got up there and in one of the few references to her father, where's her father, by the way? Where is her father? Her father is alive but was not there and apparently does not have a relationship with her.


We looked for any sort of public comment. It's been years since he said anything about her. I have no idea what the story is. The guy was absolutely a Marxist. He met the wife at a civil rights event. She appears to have been very marsy too. And that's their daughter. I really don't know what happened to Donald Harris. Anyway. She said in one of the few lines about him that the mother when they went to the playground would say, stay close. And the father would say, run Kamala. Run. Don't be afraid. Don't let anything stop you. From my earliest years she told us, he taught me to be fearless but rich, she's not.


And this reminds me so much of the, you know how it's when, when you're at a cocktail party and somebody's like, oh, well I'm the kind of person who, and then whatever comes next is a, is a lie about themselves. Right? It's what they wish they were. 'cause nobody talks about themselves that way. The seven foot center doesn't tell you how tall he is. So the fact that she's telling us I was taught to be fearless, the same woman who had to rehearse her dinner party conversation with her staff, it's a lie. Right? She is scared. And that's a danger. You put somebody like that in the position of the presidency, Of course. And You don't know who's calling the shots.


Yeah. So this is the case that Trump has to make. A lot of Republicans are saying, it's all, it's all about policy. He's gotta talk about policy. Yeah. He should talk about policy But. it all needs to come back to the sense that she's weak, that she's a phony, and that she's a mouthpiece for others. So therefore she's not suitable to be president. That's, that's what you're, you're going, that's the clinching argument at, at the end of the day, she's not suitable for this job. The fact that she can't do interviews, the fact that she was too weak to stand up to the left in 2019 and told them everything that they wanted to hear and now has totally reversed herself and is all on teleprompter. She's too weak. She can't do this job. And, and that's, that's the case that Trump has to make.


Now he's gonna, he has the media against him, of course, as all Republicans do. But the, the, the headwinds now are stronger than they they've ever been. But he's gotta expose her. And I think, you know, eventually she'll do an interview. I mean, she's on the record saying she'll do one by the end of the month. The days are ticking away here. But I think it'll be, you know, she'll sit down with Tim Waltz and, and they'll do an interview with Rachel Maddow nearly weeping with joy during the whole interview. And they can say they, they did it after that does what does she, does she have to do in other ones? Which really is gonna put a huge emphasis on the debate. And I think here Republicans are way over confident. I mean, she's memorizing note cards as we speak. And, and Trump needs to destroy her, but he has to destroy her in a particular way without doing what he did in the first presidential debate in 2020.


And that's gonna be a much harder task than he had against Joe Biden. Joe Biden just had to get outta the way and he got outta the way. And Joe Biden fell flat and turned out to be a catastrophic success for Donald Trump. Right? It, it was, it turned out to have been idiotic for Trump to agree to a debate that early in the cycle, he should have waited until September after the convention or late September. So they couldn't do this, this switcheroo. But now he has a much more difficult political problem to deal with. It's so crazy that that wound up being the most consequential and as it turns out, bad for Trump decision of this whole, it seemed like such a smart move at the time, right? Like, yes, agree to any debate anywhere because we know Trump's gonna win. We just didn't expect him to win quite that handily and for it to be such a game changer.


I've got to get to this. This is remarkable. Back to the curated version to your word, Charles avatar that she is and that we saw last night, mark Halburn, who's obviously got very good Democrat sources because he's been breaking the news on the Biden saga before. Virtually anybody tweeted this out last night. Listen to this. Just asking what high flying Democratic rising star, obviously this is about Kamala who is seeking a big promotion on a fast track, has upped her speechmaking skills with the help of friendly top level Hollywood talent.


The volunteer pals of this super active politician, many of whom are extremely creative artists, including at least one Lord, have been secretly coaching her ever since her boss stepped aside, offering up dos and don'ts about communicating. The members of this Tinseltown mafia are excited to see a looming high profile demonstration of the fruits of their collaboration. Hat tip, a little birdie. It's amazing to me. She's at the point where Meryl Streep, I don't know who is sitting her down and gave her pointers.


Charles, this is per halprin of, you know, this is how you hit this line. This is how you crescendo here. Here's where you could use a pause, the absurdity, the fallacy, and contrast that with Trump, who I realized went on way too long. I was there, we were all falling asleep, but at least it was him. At least you know what you're actually getting with that guy? I, this is an art creation. It's it's an art project that they're doing with her. Yeah. So what bothers me about that is that it's not accompanied by any sort of thought or substance. It is a movie. That's the whole thing. There's a script and lights and there's nothing substantive below it.


If the story here were that you had somebody who was a person of substance, who had strong views to which she had held for a long time or had changed with explanation, had made a full account of her having shifted on everything over the last five years and that person wanted help presenting her notions to the public, it would bother me less. For example, Ronald Reagan, not that he needed too much help, was an actor. It helped that he was an actor. He had a lovely voice. He knew how to deliver a line. He knew how to stand up straight and how to use his charisma. But he also really believed things deeply. He read a great deal.


He thought a great deal. He shifted over time from being a new deal democrat to being a what became a Reagan Republican. He explained those changes. He made speeches when he wasn't running for anything, you know, and the time for choosing speech was not in pursuit at least directly of his own political career. It was on behalf of Barry Goldwater. That's not a problem. If, you have a candidate who is not a great public speaker, is an eloquent, isn't their format. Thomas Jefferson. Not that he lived in our age, but he wasn't a great speaker, for example, one reason he stopped giving the State of the Union, but who had convictions and ideas. Again, if they want help, that's fine. What is so grotesque about this is that it's almost a wag the dog scenario where there's no war.


So they're going to the Hollywood mogul, the Dustin Hoffman in the analogy, and they're saying, create this war for me. And suddenly you have a green screen and Kirsten Duns with the little dog running through and all of the effects shown. But there is no war. The country they're supposed to be at war with that doesn't know about it. There's no munitions, there's new soldiers, there's no explosions, there's nothing. And Kamala, Harris is a nothing. There's nothing underneath it. So she's not going saying, Hey, please help me convey what it is that I want to get across. 'cause I'm not very good at it. I would understand that. She's saying, help me be something that I'm not. And calm the electorate into making me president of the United States. And like you Meghan, I I'm actually revolted by this.


I I I just don't want this to be our system. Same. I just, I I can't believe she's getting away with it and she is getting away with it. But for how long, you know, the, the bloom to me seems to be coming off the rows. We talked yesterday about the betting odds having fallen 10 points plus against her while her convention was on. And, and this is why I think Rich, they they released the lie about Beyonce allegedly of showing up at the event last night. They wanted to boost ratings. There'd be Yeah, that would be absolutely stupid if to say she's coming when you know she's not coming.


If, if it didn't have a real purpose, something that helped you, right. That's just, why would you say like, we almost got her and we didn't and just disappoint everybody. But it does make sense. If your goal is to boost the numbers, because we were looking at the numbers the other day. Trump's convention didn't do as well on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Obviously Kamala had good ratings on Monday. 'cause it was Joe Biden, it was our sitting president and everybody wanted to see how he was and what he would say given the, the scandal. Right? And then Tuesday and Wednesday they had big stars. Obama count me out on that one. Obama's yeah, right. The, the Obama's, Oprah, bill Clinton. But I do wonder how the numbers will be for the sort of apples to apples.


Kamala versus Trump, right? Yeah. And I think the whole Beyonce's coming. She's not coming. Thing was a, it was an, it was a ruse to boost the radio. Yeah, That's do you mean that's interesting 'cause she's gonna perform at the end and, and you have to watch the end. That's interesting. I hadn't, I hadn't thought of that. But you know, it's the kind of contrivance, I dunno whether that's true or not. But, it is kind of contrived. She needs to, to boost her. I mean, If, you look at Obama and Trump now, these are two extraordinary political talents in their own ways and great performers. But they created movements, right? And hard fought primary battles that they slogged out and won. They created new modes of, of doing politics. They, they created signature issues and catchphrases, you know, whether it's the audacity of hope or build the wall that they came up with on their own.


And there's just none of that with her. And even less, less talented political figures. You know, Bob Dole, he got the nomination 'cause he was a, you know, party staller for 30 or 40 years. That's, that's not her. John McCain got the nomination 'cause he was a maverick and finally won his party over to his side at least temporarily. She, she, she is not like that Bill Clinton, you know, governor of small rural state who's dismissed. 'cause he had a very bad convention speech in 1988 and then just rises to the top outta sheer talent and verbal acuity and shamelessness and, and an ability to do personal po That's not her, right? It's just none of these things. She's, she's like, where she's originally from Oakland, like there's no, they're there.


So they have to manufacture it and you know, there's 75 days or or less left. That's, that's still a lot of time. But it's not a whole campaign. It, she had had a run in a primary, I don't believe she should have won. Would've won. And then also all these weaknesses would've been exposed and litigated. 'cause it wouldn't be, you know, you saying it or Donald Trump saying it would've been Pete Buttigieg saying it. If you had run against her. Right? So the media, they like Pete, right? So they, so they would've reported it, they would've at least reported the dispute. And none of that has happened. She's just, you know, she's like a Athena from the head of emerging, from the head of Zeus, you know, just this insta nominee with this insta supposedly movement and this Insta joy.


What did you call her on National Review, rich? Was it a thin wafer? Yeah, wafer thin. She's a wafer. Thin, thin candidates. She's a, I mean, normally most women aspire to to that, but not in the way you're using it here. So just a note on the Beyonce nonsense. They said that there was a a, there's a hole in the schedule. It's gonna be Beyonce, she's gonna come and Katie Fang over at M-S-N-B-C absolutely humiliated herself with these moment to moment updates on like, she's, she's been spotted, you know, we've seen her, let me see, oh yeah, I don't have the actual ones in front of me because she just deleted them. She's now deleted her tweets out of humiliation.


But they, but they continued to update. Okay, here we have it in our screen grabs. It was like, she's coming here, she's hearing, she's coming, hearing the special guest is Beyonce. And then well after the point that, who was it that broke? The Hollywood reporter had an exclusive, she's not coming. We reached out to her reps, they said she's not coming. She's never been coming. There was never a schedule for her to come or an agreement for her to come. Just stop after that. Katie Fang tweets out. I'm hearing that Beyonce has arrived. She's here. All I could think Was, First of all, Steve Krakauer, our executive producer who's a very measured guy.


He just forwarded it to us with, with the word Katie. Katie, All I could think is like the girl at the high school prom, like he is still coming. He He'll be here. I see a headlight. No, she's not coming. And they were so, you know, they needed to believe and they certainly needed to believe that it hadn't been a ruse. And now after the fact, they're trying to tell us that this big surprise guest was a videotaped piece. Videotaped I say from Steph Curry, the basketball player saying I'm for Kamala. Like that, that wa i it's just, we're I two around every turn. They're we're manipulated at every turn in everything they do.


Let's get to some of the substance be or or lack thereof because I do think some of these things are pretty interesting. Charles. She went out and said, okay, a couple couple of things. Let me get to this. You can always trust me to put country above party in self to hold sacred America's fundamental principles from the rule of law to free and fair elections to the peaceful transfer of power. Now we're gonna talk about free and fair elections and what Jill Stein and RFKJ and his running mate, whether you like him and wanna vote for them or not, what they're alleging has been done to them by Kamala Harris's Democrat Party.


It doesn't sound so free and fair, but the rule of law, I mean you've been tracking this closely over at National Review, the Biden Harris administration to say that we should trust them to uphold it is something that could only be believed by people who have not been watching them these past four years. But this is the logical fallacy I think that many people have indulged in, is the idea that because Donald Trump behaved as he did after he lost the election last time around, that it must not be the case that Kamala Harris or the Democratic Party are a threat to our constitutional order.


Leaving aside the attempt to knock any candidates who might threaten them off the ballot, which is real was a problem. The hit on Trump for free and fair elections and peaceful transfer of power is a fair one. And it would be political malpractice for the Democrats not to make it. You won't find me defending Trump on this. Quite the opposite. I think his behavior was disgraceful. But as I say, that doesn't therefore lead you ipso facto to think the Democrats are good in other ways and they're not. And this argument about the rule of law or putting the Constitution first that I've heard out of that convention is absolutely ame. I mean, this is a party that is flirting with court packing to the point at which it has written a law AFL flagrantly unconstitutional law that would have the practical effect of stripping the power from three or two, depending on where you draw the line.


Supreme Court justices who have been appointed by the Senate, the party is desperate to get rid of the filibuster, which is a very useful tool at the federal level that makes sure we don't have huge swings in, in federal policy. This is a candidate in particular Harris who said of Neil Gorsuch that he was too interested in the law when he was proposed as a nominee by Donald Trump. You know, we do not as a rule, see the sort of constitutional hostility come from Republicans.


Donald Trump accepted that we see out of the Democrats, you find a portion of our constitutional order and they want to change it. The electoral college is another one. You get some who want to get rid of the Senate. So I, I just, I just find this an annoying mantle for them to have taken up. I do accept that one of the reasons they've been able to do it and not be laughed off the stage is because of Trump's behavior and some of the things that he has said over the years. But again, they really do worry me on this and for, for her to pretend that, you know, she is some champion of, of the rule of law or, or our system is just gross. Well, I mean Rich, we've, we've just come through three and a half years of them, of her boss and her administration saying We're not, we're not gonna listen to the Supreme Court.


We don't care about the adverse rulings we've received when it comes to some of our covid policies when it comes to the eviction moratorium when it comes to, what was the one more recently? Oh, the student loan forgiveness Student Loan. Yeah. They, they've blown off rule after rule law after law. Yeah. And the Biden approach was, was basically I think probably this is gonna be struck down by the, the Supreme Court 'cause there's no authority for me to do it, but I'm gonna try, you know, we'll, we'll see. Which is just pro profoundly against the spirit of how the system's supposed to work. It's not just the Supreme Court that takes an oath and is supposed to defend the Constitution as everyone else as well. And you look at the border three and a half years, you know, the, the black and white law says you come into the country illegally, you shall be detained right?


Until, until your, your case is adjudicated or you should be expelled. And they've flagrantly def defied that thumb, their, their noses at it. And the, the plan to blow up the Supreme Court, obviously a direct threat to a central institution of American government. And Chuck Schumer, this hasn't gotten much attention 'cause so much else has been going on, but the other day basically said that if they get a trifecta in Washington, I think less likely than not, but, but certainly possible, they will attempt to blow up the filibuster for purpose of a, of a so-called Voting Rights Law and a pro-abortion law. And if they actually did that, and it's, it's basically Democratic orthodoxy now, I don't think there're any, be anyone like Manchin or Sinema standing in the way.


So if they just get 50, 51 votes, they they can do it. You're not just blowing it up for those things because once you've blowing it up for those things, then the case is, well, why don't we blow it up for Medicare for all too? Do we not care about, you know, providing free healthcare for everyone? So it'll be gone and you potentially could see, you know, the court packing scheme passed through that means, or who knows, trying to bring in Puerto Rico or Washington DC as, as states. So it's a theory serious threat to our, our, our system of, of government. And she, she stands there and she's reading the words, but they are meaningless. Yeah, I mean this is like, I think it was Michael Goodwin at the New York Post today who was writing Charles that she's, she's all into the freedom, right?


They're trying to co-op the word freedom, which is normally a Republican theme at these conventions. And not once does she mention any of the rights listed in the Bill of Rights, like freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, like Second Amendment, you know, they're talking about freedom to have an abortion freedom, they say to go to school without having to worry whether you're gonna come home. I mean, this is, this is a much more complicated problem, right? Like there is a Second Amendment. So, and anyway, they've co-opted that word without actually abiding by promoting the fundamental principles that really embody that word, that, that make up that word in our founding documents and in the, at the heart of our country.


Yeah, I, you can thank her fellow Californian Gavin Newsom for this 'cause he's the guy who came up with this idea when he was feuding with Ron DeSantis. You remember those gauzy videos about California that he put out and said Florida wasn't the free state, California was. Now a lot of this, as you say, is abortion. They're fixated on it politically that does help them. I am very upset that it does as a pro-lifer, but I I'm also obliged to look at the world as it is, rather than how I'd like it to be. And they are winning on that. And Americans do seem to think overall that the question of abortion is a question of freedom. I don't, I I think it's a question of life, but with that one exception where they've made headway all of their definitions of freedom perverse, there is linguistic games.


You know, Josh Shapiro says, the freedom to join a union, not, not really. Gavin Newsom says the freedom not to be shot. Now these are public policy questions, don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to set 'em off the table. We should have debates over unions and what government involvement we have. We should have within reason, given the Second Amendment debates about regulations on firearms and so forth. But, it actually doesn't help when you get into this Orwellian mode of pretending that the limitation on freedom is freedom. The case for more gun control is the case against freedom. The case for unions or regulation of the economy or higher taxes is a case against freedom.


Sometimes the case against freedom prevails. We do not have a system of anarchy. We have a general agreement that there are some things in our public life that ought to be limited or regulated or superintended in some way, but you can't really have the argument if the words we used to have those discussions are bastardized in this way. And that's what the Democrats have done throughout this convention. Instead of just standing up and saying what they think, which most of the time, although not always is we actually think there is too much freedom in this or that realm. They're trying to pretend that they are the side that values freedom when, when they don't.


So it's, it's irritating and it's also dangerous linguistically. And finally, I actually think for them it's a mistake. I said earlier that there are downsides to running without any substance. I think this is one of them. I don't think it helps you in the long run, If, you make the case in the abstract for freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom. Because next time you propose something that is clearly anti-free, some of the people who went along with you, who were fooled by it, who were lulled into a false sense of security by it will say, well, hold on a moment. I thought you were the freedom person. So, you know, it might help her in the very short term, but in the long run, it, it's not a great play. Yeah, there was, there was so much of that. It was like, well, where, where, where's any mention of the freedoms that we all grew up learning about and understand and hold dear and that have helped us survive some 250 years.


There, there was nothing to that. She talked about in this election, many fundamental freedoms are at stake. The freedom to live safe from gun violence in our schools, communities, and places of worship, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride, it's, I mean, hello. Like she's speaking to the 1980s seventies Democrat and Republican parties. Like who on either side of the aisle right now is trying to stop anybody from loving who they love with pride. The, it's been a long time since the Republican party has been all about trying to stop gay marriage, for example, which has been recognized by the us us Supreme Court as a constitutional right, the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water and live free from the pollution that fuels the climate crisis.


Okay? That all of that is, that's her EPA that's trying to write laws without having been elected by anybody. And now the Supreme Court is finally saying If, you want laws on all of those things. If, you want laws on, on the environment, on air, on wa clean water, you can do that. You just have to go to Article one of the Constitution and ask the Congress to draft it up. Then If, you get a president to sign it, you're in business. The whole thing was just so disingenuous and showed, I mean, she knows how the constitution works. She just hopes you don't. Rich and Charlie, stay with me for the show. We'll be right back after this quick break.


Are you a guy who's sick of uncomfortable dress shirts, especially when they bunch up under a sweater? If so, you could check out collars and co makers of the original dress collar polo. Their shirts have four-way stretch. They're soft and have firm dress collars on them. They will give you that dress shirt look, but with an extremely comfortable polo feel. Wear them with anything under a sweater, with a blazer or by themselves. They're perfect for the office, the golf course, or even a night out collars and cos exploding on social media right now. And they received a million dollar investment on ABC's Hit Show Shark Tank. They have an amazing, a array of sweaters, quarter zips, pants, and outerwear too. If, you are looking for a performance dress shirt or polo that looks great all day. Check out callers and co.com, use promo code MK for 15% off any purchase of $100 or more.


So Elizabeth Warren or as we used to call her it on my team at Fox News Chief lies a lot, was out there doing more lying last night this time about JD Vance, Trust Donald Trump and JD Vance to look out for your family. Shoot. I wouldn't let those guys, I wouldn't trust them to move my couch. Everybody knows it was a, a reference to this obvious lie. No one is claiming it's true other than loons like Chelsea Handler about JD Vance allegedly putting something in his, in his book about a couch and, and it's not true and it's been debunked, but she just thought it would be great for her to get a snarky line out there about JD Vance.


Well, I hope she enjoyed the raucous laughter and applause because things turned for her in the course of about 14 hours. She thought she'd be getting a pass by going on CNBC this morning because she loves to talk about economic policy and she didn't expect to run into the buzz saw. That is Joe Kernan, who is not some far left guy who gives everybody a pass. I know him a little and this guy's funny, and he's a straight shooter and he gave somebody else from the Harris team yesterday a very hard time about the Harris's claim that these agricultural companies and shopping companies or food product companies are gouging people and she's gonna be our savior and she's gonna step in and she's gonna stop them with our huge profit margins from taking advantage of tough times.


So he had a great interview with somebody yesterday and it happened to Elizabeth Warren again today. And let me just tell you before I get to it, Harris doubled down on this. She didn't explicitly say the price gouging thing yesterday or on Friday when, sorry, last night when she gave her speech, she had said the policy the previous Friday, a week ago today, this is how she phrased it last night. She just said, I will bring together labor and workers and small business owners and entrepreneurs and American companies to create jobs. Okay? Just so, okay, you're gonna how, but no, that's not in there to grow our economy and to lower the cost of everyday needs like healthcare, housing, and groceries.


Now, If, you read between the lines there, that's she's getting Marxist d like her dad. Like it's not up to the federal government to lower the price of groceries, but she thinks it's her purview. And this is what she's been saying more explicitly over the past week, that she's gotta stop the price gouging at the at the supermarket. Here's Elizabeth Warren trying to repeat that nonsense on CNBC this morning. The grocery chains have a 2% profit margin. How about Apple with 50% or 40%? How do you decide this is not the government's place to do these things? It's a fool's errand. But one of the causes of prices going up is that there are companies that have market dominance that have said, oh, this is a moment when everyone's Talking about, okay, just gimme another name, name another one, gimme an instance.


Can I Please states have tools to deal with this locally? But right now we wanna make sure that the FTC has the tools to do it nationally. Senator, it's just another tool in the toolbox to say we support for a state of competitive markets is it for a state of Emergency markets, senator, that the whole, when companies learn how to do this, Did let you finish your Argument. Yeah, but I know, but now did you Invite point you on here? Just a lecture to me? No, I just want to ask you. Okay. The whole point is to get markets that are more competitive or Pricing. It's not about, it's not about diverting the attention away from the real issues that might actually help the middle class that you always talk about helping.


For 40 years, companies didn't know how to price gouge until three and a half years ago. The American people know what's happening in pricing. They understand that they are being Gouged. Who do they blame for that senator And who they blame for that are these giant corporations? No, they blame the Biden. Dominate administration. Dominate. No, you blame the Biden administration. No, I don't blame it. Because you cannot bear the notion that sometimes these competitive markets are in fact not competitive. Wow. Charles, it's so wonderful to see someone in the media do his job, isn't it? You know, the reason that that is especially satisfying is that Elizabeth Warren actually knows that what she's saying is nonsense.


This is not some rando on the street who's been misinformed, didn't have any opportunities. Elizabeth Warren knows that that is nonsense, and she knows that what she's doing is peddling it in service of the Harris campaign. Because the Harris campaign has a political, not an economic, a political problem to solve that being that Harris has to do two things that are incompatible. The first thing she has to do is the Clinton esque. I feel your pain on the price of groceries and everything else. She has to acknowledge as a presidential candidate that the cost of basic necessities has gone up a great deal in the last three and a half years.


The second thing that Kamala Harris has to do is shift the blame away from herself. Because while a, a Genucel outsider would be able to say, everything's got more expensive, I will fix it. It doesn't make a great deal of sense for Harris to do that when she's the vice president of the United States, and she's actually on camera being the tying boat, breaking the tying boat on many of the bills that flooded the economy with money and helped not completely on their own, but helped to cause the inflation that we've seen. So Harris has this big problem. How do you say? I understand that it's a big problem, that groceries are so expensive without that blame coming back to her.


And so what she's hit on is this preposterous notion that grocery chains that make about 1.2% profit every year have, and this seems to have started on January 21st, 2021, magically been profiteering price gouging or what you will, it's never quite explained, by the way, why they don't do this. During Republican administrations. Republicans are allegedly the friends of big business and all they care about is helping their CEO buddies make millions of dollars. But while Trump was president, while George W. Bush was president, while Ronald Reagan was president, they declined to do this. So they did it during the Biden administration. This is their argument. It's just, it's insane nonsense.


And I know there's been a great deal of discussion as to how the price gouging Bill that Kamala Harris was talking about would actually not work and may may indeed increase the cost of things that matters. It matters that Harris's FTC would be the same as Biden's FTC and would probably go down this route of its own volition. I'm not downplaying the policy disaster that would be this price gouging idea, but this is a political problem that Harris is trying to solve. And so of course, Elizabeth Warren, who inexplicably is considered in the media as some sort of expert on economics, who could be trusted to talk about the economy dutifully this morning, went on television to pedal this lie and as you say, ran into a buzz saw.


And it's just delicious to see for that reason. Oh, So delicious. I want, I mean, as the kids say, shoot it into my veins, like more, more or joker. So this is, this is perfect though. Like that plan she unveiled last Friday, she got pummeled by the left and the right. She reduced it down to this passing reference last night. How she's going to, you know, take care of the lower the course. The cost of groceries for us is perfect, rich, because what she was speaking of was creating an opportunity economy. An opportunity economy. And of course you're like, what's that? What does that mean? Like, what is Kamala Harris's version of that?


You don't really have to look that hard to find out because she does not just parachute onto the political scene. She's been vice president for four years. She ran for president the year before that, and she's made very clear what she thinks about when she thinks about the necessary opportunities out there. Fox News Digital put together a good but soundbite, I'll show it to you, but I'm gonna start with, do you guys remember life of Julia under Barack Obama? Oh yeah. Yep. Right. The convention. It's like a woman who's gonna be living off the government tet from the, from birth to death. And that's how Obama visioned your average American woman, Julia. She fully endorsed it. So did Biden. They created their own version.


Her name was Linda, life of Linda. And they put out a little cartoon early on in their administration telling us about how Linda's life would go. Linda worked in a factory. Here's page one of it. She's a working mom in Peoria, Illinois. She works at a local manufacturing facility as a production worker and may earns 40 grand a year. She's pregnant with her son, Leo. Leo may or may not make it depending on our abortion policies. No, sorry, I added that, sorry. I'm gonna get back to the abortion thing because they, they're so vapid in the way that they approach, they couldn't care less about the life inside a mother. Okay? You gotta laugh or cry back to Kamala.


She's, she narrated this little cartoon and then she's been all over the record on what she means by opportunity. Take a listen. So there's a big difference between equality and equity. Equality suggests, oh, everyone should get the same amount. The problem with that, not everybody's starting out from the same place. So if we're all getting the same amount, but you started out back there and I started out over here, we can get the same amount, but you're still gonna be that far back behind me. It's about giving people the resources and the support they need so that everyone can be on equal footing and then compete on equal footing.


Equitable treatment means we all end up at the same place. Got it. Rich, we Yeah. Always have a right. No, I do get it To end up at the same place. Yeah. I mean, f first of all, it makes you your ear ears. Her. I mean, it's so vacuous. And then what she's getting at, it's so un-American in unfair, right? Bernie, even Bernie Sanders and a vowed socialist, I think it was on the Bill Marsh show a couple years ago, was asked about does he favor equality or equity? And he said, equality, right? Equality of e opportunity. We can't guarantee equal results, but she's saying equal results there. And it's just an instance.


She, she had this pull side the other day in front of her plane, or next to her plane, and she's asked how she's gonna pay for this, this program. I'm sure she is, saw this, probably talked about it. And she said, return on investment five or six times. Right? And that's what you do when you're a student who's been caught out, hasn't really studied, right? You're, you're asked by your teacher, professor, you know, what's Moby dick about? You've, you've skimmed the, the cliff notes or spark notes, whatever you man versus nature, right? And they said, well, what happens during the book? Well, it's man versus nature that happens. How's it end? Well, it ends with a metaphor about man versus that's all you know. And, and this is, that's her level of, of understanding of economics. There's no return on investment on the vast majority of the stuff.


Occasionally you get return on investment on things like the Erie Canal or winning World War ii, but these social welfare programs know, and you know, Charlie's right about the difference with Elizabeth Warren. She does know better. But one of the additional delicious things about that interview is how huffy she got. Because it just goes to how these, these PAHs and, and senators, you can go through life saying things that are idiotic and untrue and cynical and get away with it and be treated as as if you're brilliant. And then the minute you get in, in some uncomfortable environment where you're challenged you, you're, you're, you know, you're, you're outraged by it. You know, your umbrage comes to the fore, how dare, how dare you challenge this brilliant idea of mine, which is completely absurd.


There are lots of things they can say in inflation, right? You can say supply chain overwhelmingly it happened in other countries and it's gone down. You can even exaggerate all those things, right? But at least those things that they're kernels to truth to it. Instead, they've come up with this ridiculous pro price gouging argument. Can I just add something on use word economy? Thanks for reintroducing. Yes. Wait, can it, before I give it to you, can I just show you a little bit more? 'cause I, I saved the butted soundbite for you, Charles, knowing your love for her. And this principle, this one actually was put together by end wokeness on X watch. He's talking about equitable meaning at the result will be everyone ends up being equal equity, which is everyone should end up in the same place.


It has to be about a goal of saying everybody should end up in the same place. And if we want people to be in an equal place, sometimes we have to take into account those disparities. President Biden and I have put equity at the center of all that we do. Oh, go ahead my friend. I was good on that. I know people glaze over when you say this 'cause they're so used to hyperbole, but that is actual communism. So, but, but I was gonna say on the opportunity economy, it's the great irony here, and I wish that Trump were focused and disciplined enough to make this point. The great irony is that the United States had an opportunity economy in 2019.


Now that wasn't because Donald Trump at the head of the federal government, was the Wizard of Oz. And everything he did was perfect. And the president is in charge of the economy or any of those superstitions that we believe. But through a tax cut and deregulation, we had managed to create foster the genius that is the American free market system. And we had an economy in which people were thriving. And you know, when you wanna talk about equity in, in which for the first time in a long time, the black and white unemployment rates looked similar. And the Harris campaign slogan is, we can't go back.


And I, I think that this is something that the Republicans ought to say over and over again. Again, don't pretend that they planned this great economy that was perfect. And the second they get back in, it'll go back to it. None of that. But that what killed the best American economy since 1969 in 2019 was Covid at the convention. Bill Clinton gave this statistic where he said, you know, Republican presidents have accounted for 1 million jobs created since 1988. Interesting cutoff year. And democratic presidents have accounted for 50 million. And this is technically true, but of course what it misses is that Republicans have run Congress for most of that time. So if we're really gonna stop saying you're responsible for this or that, you have to include the legislature, but also the fact that bad things happen at random times.


I mean, the crash came in 2008. Covid came in 2019. Life is just so much more complicated than politics would allow. But one thing that is indisputably true is that until Covid came in and destroyed everything for a while, the economy in 2019 was, was humming along, leaving people alone works. That was an opportunity economy. And if, if I were in charge of the Republican messaging, which I'm not, never will be, I would say over and over and over again, why is your slogan we can't go back? Which part is it that you don't want to go back to? Why do you have all these bizarre ideas about what it is that takes, it takes to build a good economy?


Why do you need equity? Why do you need price gouging czars? Why do you need the FTC to intervene? What you need to do is keep taxes low, keep regulation low, allow American individuals to do what they do best. Hopefully not have a pandemic and, and, and not spend so much money on your friends that we end up with the worst inflation we've had in 40 years. 'cause she's totally vulnerable on this. She just hasn't got a clue. Well said. I do wanna follow up on the abortion reference because they're so callous. We've been talking about, and I know you guys have as well, the fact that there's an abortion truck outside of the DNC. This is what they decided to do to celebrate their joy, is to kill a bunch of unborn babies.


But nothing says joy like a bunch of dead human beings. I'm sorry, but it's so callous. You can go with the safe, legal and rare, lot of normal loving, patriotic Americans are pro-choice. And that's how they see this. It's downright ghoulish to have an abortion truck outside of your convention and bill it as joyful. There are women parading down the street in abortion pill costumes there. I don't know, If, you saw the tape. It's unbelievable. And then the final cherry on top of that Sunday last night as she's speaking, and of course they just call it reproductive rights, you know, reproductive rights, If, you want If, you want reproductive rights. You can get them, you can get them in virtually every single state.


Some states are a lot tougher now post Dobbs. But go live in California. It's a sanctuary state for abortions whenever you want them. New York, my my own home state. Anyway, listen, look at who the DNC decided to show as she was speaking about quote, reproductive freedom, meaning abortion. Look at this. And when Congress passes that bill to restore reproductive freedom as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.


It's a newborn baby. Yeah, it's it's two on the nose, isn't it? It's unbelievable. If only we could have gotten rid of that one and little Leo in the belly of Linda, like this is, this is next level rich. Yeah. Have we ever known anyone who regrets having one of their children ever, even if the child was born in the quote unquote wrong time or in terrible circumstances? No. And ghoulish is exactly the right word for that van. It's like something out of, you know, Huxley's brave new world. This is a, a terrible thing that, that that is happening. So women, some women regret it the rest of their lives.


And, and there's another entity, you know, at at stake who has an interest in, in rights. So, I mean, it's cliche to say it, we've said it so many times, but we're so far from safe legal and, and rare, which had a sense this is this regrettable that this, that, that is better. All things considered to, to have a legalized abortion regime. But abortion itself is not something to be proud of or to promote. And they've totally gone over to the other side where it's something to be proud of, right? It's, it's, this is something, you know, used to be a mystery address and, and some far part of town and, and they're, they're bragging about having a ban committing these, these acts. So they, they feel permission to do this because obviously the politics of abortion have swung against Republicans since Dobbs.


But they, they think there's absolutely no limit on how far they can go. And that may be true in, in this moment. I don't think it's true ultimately. And obviously in in moral terms, it's a travesty. It's crazy when you think that they actually are pushing to have abortion stay legal all the way through the ninth month, and then they show a baby who's obviously just a couple months old. Like, what do you think, babe? How do we think? Like, you almost want, maybe you'll make it, maybe not you were on the cusp, you know, under our policies, the one that she's promising to make right now, your little brother or your little sister might not make it. Are you pro or against just absolutely insensitive to the millions of Americans for whom this truly is a life or death issue.


They take it very seriously. It's just a middle finger and it went out on the DNC's feed on their YouTube channel. They, they're leaning in. It actually kind of reminded me of when Oprah was speaking the other night, you know, and she, whoever's running is DNC feed is just a savage person Talking the cat lady about, Yeah, the child was cat Lady. And, And they showed this like overweight, not that attractive. Forgive me lady. I don't, I can't remember exactly who she was, but I remember it was like, all right, she might have had some struggles and they're like, oh, oh, okay, we have the soundbite. And you'll see the woman at the end of it, watch to a childless Cat Lady On their original feed.


They showed this poor lady like, huh? Like, there's just absolutely no sensitivity for childish cat ladies, which I'm told is a bad thing to be insensitive, insensitive to them. But I queued that side soundbite up too, you guys, because we had a week of women getting up there and trying to get us to feel sorry for them or to be oblivious to their actual circumstances from Michelle Obama who brought up the her mom, who really is suspicious of people who make more money than they need to. Oprah, literally one of the richest people forget women, one of the richest people on earth who decided to take her five minutes of fame and talk about in part the misogyny and racism she's faced from the country that made her a 2.6 billionaire to Kamala Harris last night, who decided to bring up her mom, who was a PhD from Berkeley, her dad, who is a PhD at Stanford, talking about them and like the working class upbringing.


She, I mean, would you stop because you lived in a duplex when your parents had a divorce does not make you working class. Your parents were double PhDs. You had all the advantages in the world, rich, I just can't, it's like so over the top when even Oprah can complain about this country and the terrible isms she's faced. Yeah. Where's the, where's the gratitude? And, and they're all condescending towards or hostile to JD Vance who actually grew up in those kind of circumstances, goes to Ohio University, you know, and listen the Marines and then eventually makes it to Yale Law School. And that's a bad thing, right? So it, it's, it's, it's perverse and if we're gonna have equity, you know, either we're all gonna have to get a lot richer or Michelle Obama's gonna have to, to lose a lot of houses and money.


Yeah. You know, it's a good point. Do we get under Kamala Harris's plan, Charles? Maybe we get, we get what Oprah has. Aren't we all supposed to wind up in the same place? I Great, let's do that. Yeah. One of the overarching takeaways I have from the whole convention is that the Democrats in that hall haven't actually met many Democrats, or they have, they haven't quite adjusted yet to what the party is now clearly the parties have shifted somewhat, their coalitions are changing. And some of the rhetoric really did feel as if it was left over from another age, an age in which Hubert Humphrey was going out to speak to Minnesota Farm labor types and genuinely meaning it when he talked about the difference between country club Republicans and poor Catholic Democrats.


And so you end up with that weird spectacle of Oprah Winfrey talking about income inequality and Michelle Obama talking about people who have too much. And the weirdest of all Rich mentioned is this Tim Wal line that he repeats everywhere. He's clearly proud of it. It wasn't an off the cuff slip where he criticizes JD Vance for going to Yale. And it was so odd for three reasons I could identify it. So the first one is that before he said it, about two hours before Bill Clinton had spoken, that Bill Clinton's story is that he was a guy from difficult background in who grew up poor and somehow managed to make it in Clinton's case to Georgetown, Oxford and Yale.


So that was one of the big selling points for Bill Clinton in the nineties. So it's bad now when JD Vance does it. I don't, I don't understand the argument. Now, the next thing that was said was, you know, he had 24 students in his class and none of them went to Yale. If I were a teacher, that's not quite how I would sell, sell my records, all state schools. And then the last one, right? And then the last one is that the Democrats have made a big thing in this convention and elsewhere of how the Republicans are supposed to be anti-education, and yet they're critical of people who made it to one of our elite institutions. It was just, just a very strange thing to say and, and, and a thing that you, you would've expected from a different Democratic party.


And I think they just haven't quite caught up yet with who their voters and who their base is now. Hmm, that's interesting. Yeah, they're, Ian Hayworth on X the other day, had a great post on, on exactly the, like, the number of speakers there who had been to Yale and Harvard. I mean it was actually, hold on a second, I've got it here. But. it was, it was pretty remarkable. Like the number of people who were up there and who went to Yale, who went to Harvard, who went to Georgetown. Here's just a quick list per Ian, Jamie Harrison, Yale, these are the people who spoke. Gina Raimondo, Harvard, Oxford, Yale, Hillary Clinton, Wellesley, Yale, Jamie Raskin, Harvard, Chris Koons, Yale, Chuck Schumer, Harvard, Michelle, Obama, Princeton and Harvard Law, Barack Obama, Columbia and Harvard Law, Jared Polis, Princeton, Chris Murphy, Oxford, Andy, Kim Oxford, bill, Clinton, Oxford, Yale, Westmore, Oxford, Pete Buttigieg, Harvard and Oxford, Amy, Klobuchar, Yale, Cory Booker, Stanford, Oxford, Yale, Maah, Healy, Harvard.


We could keep going. So is it only bad to go to the Ivy's if your name is JD Vance and you started off genuinely poor? It's unclear rich. Yeah. And, and there's a lot of hypocrisy in this too, right? If If, you had just gone to Ohio State University, they might have been condescending about that. But those schools, I mean, they're the breeding grounds of the, the American elite and the, the Democratic establishment is the, the heart of the, the Democratic elite in, in many ways. And not everyone who goes there is intellectually or politically corrupted, but, but there is tends to be a, a dominant monochromatic point of view that all these people represent. All right, we've got a lot to get to over on Team Trump's side because he was not quiet while this was going on.


He spent a lot of time at the border, and I think probably two huge significant things happened in terms of Trump getting endorsements or building bridges, mending fences, you know, pick your, your your favorite. But I think one of the big ones was last night and Brian Kemp, Brian Kemp was very, very popular. Governor of Georgia hasn't been going well between those two because Kemp wouldn't do what Trump wanted him to. With the nonsense around the election, Trump decided he was a devil and attacked him only recently. Again, I was like, let bygones speak bygones for the love of God, for the sake of the country. He needs to win Georgia. And Georgia loves Kemp and Trump took a shot at Kemp and his wife, blah, blah, blah.


Kemp goes on Fox News. I was watching this, it was pretty remarkable. And starts saying nice things ish about Trump. Listen here, it's Sack 24, Look, we gotta win. You know, we gotta win from the top of the ticket on down. I've been saying consistently for a long time, we cannot afford another four years of Joe Biden Kamala Harris. And I think, you know, Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh, would it be even worse? So we need to send Donald Trump back to the White House. We need to retake the Senate, we need to hold the house. We need to hold our legislative majorities that we have in the great state of Georgia.


So Trump actually appeared with B Brett and Martha shortly thereafter and said, in return some nice things about Kemp. And then I think later put out a no. He said, oh, and then, and then he put out a true social that reads as follows, thank you to Brian Kemp for all of your help and support in Georgia where a win is so important to the success of our party and most importantly, our country. I look forward to working with you, your team, and all of my friends in Georgia to help make America great again. I mean, this is classic Donald Trump, is it not Rich Classic. Yeah. One all he needs For you to extend a little olive branch to him and you're good. Yeah, very transactional.


Also, everyone around Trump was telling that this was idiotic and, and, and he should, he should bury this. So he did the right thing. He never should have revived it. And Brian Kemp, by the way, is one of the most impressive Republican office holders going, you know, I, I'm from, I'm not from the south. So when I first met him around a conference table for about 10 minutes, I was like, what's this, this straw? You know, this guy's not very impressive. And within about 10 minutes, like, whoa, this guy is really on the ball. He's one Republican who crossed Trump on something that Kemp felt was very important, you know, his, his duty as governor and had Kemp target him, I'm sorry, Trump target him, go after him, hammer in tongs and survive and thrive.


And that's an extraordinary political achievement. And then, you know, he is a, he is a party guy. He thinks Trump will be better than Harris, obviously. So he was just willing to, to, to move on and, and try to win Georgia and then Trump at this rally. There's some theories that, that there's a anti Kemp Republican who spent time with Trump prior to that rally and kind of spun him up. But to spend 10 minutes attacking Brian Kemp and his wife, obviously destructive, made no sense. And it's good that this breach has been healed, at least for now, Charles, it's a, i it's, I'm overusing the word, but it's kind of a heroic moment for Brian Kemp because I'm sure he's not a huge Trump fan.


He just attacked, Trump just attacked Brian Kemp's wife like two weeks ago. But he, I think is accurately deduced that Trump must have Georgia, he must win Georgia. And so in an extraordinary act of selflessness, he was the first to come out and say something nice. And he knew exactly the effect that would have on Trump who does start these fights, but is also quick to finish them under circumstances like these. Well, I don't think it's extraordinary in the sense that I think what you're seeing there is a difference between a disciplined politician who wants to win. And Donald Trump, you know, Donald Trump has a lot of talent, but he's mercurial and capricious.


And despite all of the eschatological rhetoric around this election, he doesn't seem to believe that the election of Harris would end the country, because if he did, he would be more focused. He'd be more, in other words, like Brian Kemp, and not just Brian Kemp, but the vast majority of Republican office holders at the state level who stay on track. I live in Florida, DeSantis stays on track, and he wins and he gets things done. This is true of Brian Kemp just up the road in Georgia. It's true in Iowa, it's true in Ohio, it's true in Texas, it's true in Alabama. The, the idea that Trump is some sort of exceptional politician without whom the Republicans would be lost is false, at least at the state level.


Governors within the Republican party have done an enormous amount and got an enormous amount of wins over the last two or three years on school choice, on constitutional carry, on tax cutting, on abortion, because, excuse me, because they don't get drawn in to stupid feuds. So I, I don't think it's extraordinary from Brian Kemp. I think it's absolutely ordinary. I think what is extraordinary is that there was a, a breach to heal in the first place. That, that Trump allowed himself to be spun up by this anti Kemp politician. When anyone else in the firmament, I'm forgetting Glenn kin up in Virginia, whose approval rating is about 60%.


Anyone else in the firmament would've looked at that person before the rally and said, are you insane? I'm about to speak in this state that I need to win. Where the governor you want me to talk about has a 65% approval rating and a whole bunch of wins under his about why on earth would I start a fight with him? Yeah, I, my own theory on it is that Trump, it's not that Trump is undisciplined. Exactly. I i take your point. But I I think it's that he just believes in his own gut instinct above all else. And if it's gut instinct is telling him to lash out at Brian Kemp, he hates Brian Kemp.


He thinks that's the right thing to do because his gut instinct got him a billion dollars and got him elected president. And everybody all along the way has said, no, no, no, no, no, you're wrong. And he's been right more than he is been wrong. And so that's how he operates through life. We've talked about this before, but he was raised going to the church of Norman Vincent Peele, who wrote the Po The Power of Positive Thinking. And it's, it's a fascinating read, If, you haven't read it in a while. I can go back and read it. But. it is very much, it's actually a lot more biblical and religious than I think Trump actually is. But the messaging is very positive. And I think that's just how Trump thinks. I I know best. Yeah, I'm gonna do the right thing. I trust my gut. That's, That's, that's clearly part of it. Also, the idea that, that he really won the 2020 election it was stolen from him is pretty core to his political identity, right?


Yeah. If, if he didn't believe that, he didn't convince a lot of Republicans of that, he wouldn't have been the, he wouldn't have been the nominee. So for him, Kemp and, and his wife, having crossed him on that is, is a pretty major transgression. Transgression that's hard to forgive. Now, I don't think that speaks well of Trump. I'm totally on Kemp's side in this dispute, but I think that's also behind it. And, and the reason why Kemp's wife is particularly not enamored of Trump, this pressure campaign If, you hear about it in, in detail from them. It was extraordinary. They, it was very personal. They took it very personally after the 2020 election for for good reason. So, so there's, there's a lot of Ill feeling there. It's better for everyone that it's, it's papered over, but there, there's a reason we had this eruption That is back to my point, Charles, which does make him extraordinary.


Governor Kemp be able to put that to the side and do what's best for the country. So bravo. It's a good moment for the Republican party and they needed one. And they're gonna get a second one in about a half an hour, we believe in Arizona. Standby. Quick break more with Rich and Charlie and we'll pick up the topic of RFKJ.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Are you a guy who's sick of uncomfortable dress shirts, especially when they bunch up under a sweater? If so, you could check out collars and co makers of the original dress collar polo. Their shirts have four-way stretch. They're soft and have firm dress collars on them. They will give you that dress shirt look, but with an extremely comfortable polo feel. Wear them with anything under a sweater, with a blazer, or by themselves. They're perfect for the office, the golf course, or even a night out callers and cos exploding on social media right now. And they received a million dollar investment on ABC's Hit Show Shark Tank. They have an amazing a array of sweaters, quarter zips, pants, and outerwear too. If, you are looking for a performance dress shirt or polo that looks great all day. Check out collars and co.com. Use promo code MK for 15% off any purchase of $100 or more.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right with Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com/rewards to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for or prohibited by law. Visit sling.com/rewards/official rules for more details.


Clear choice. This pac, this DNC aligned PAC That Created specifically to take us out, has spent millions of dollars to take us out. We wanted to win. We wanted a fair shot. The DNC made that impossible for us. They have banned us. Shadow Bandas kept us off stage, manipulated polls used law fair against us, sued us in every possible state. They've even planted insiders into our campaign to disrupt it and to create actual legal issues for us. It is exclusively because of the Democratic Party taking us out, and I am so disappointed I ever helped them.


I am so disappointed that I help Chuck Schumer in that Georgia runoff se secure majority. It's probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life. Hmm. Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly. Show Rich Lowry and Charles CW Cook of National Review are with me. Become an NR Plus subscriber right now. Go check it out. As I said, RFK J'S running mate. Nicole Shanahan there talking about the dirty trick. She says the DNC was using to keep them from pursuing democracy, which is supposed to be a value on Team Blue. Jill Stein also running, sent out a tweet in response to, I believe this was Michelle Obama's speech where she was talking about, oh, the, what happens If, you lose an election, you, you just get to fail forward.


And Jill Stein tweeted out, stop the gaslighting right now. The Democrats are trying to sue us off of multiple state ballots, hiring spies and infiltrators to sabotage us and even withholding public funds that we qualified for months ago. Democrats absolutely cheat and change the rules to maintain their grip on power. Nicole Shanahan responded saying, I'm sorry it's happening to you too, Jill. Amazing how convincing Michelle Obama is when she lies. So these are two important people in this sliver of vote from people who are not necessarily ready to vote for Harris or Trump. And the reporting is that in about 15 minutes, RFKJ Rich is going to drop outta the race officially and endorse Trump, though it's not a hundred percent confirmed.


And then Trump, two hours later has an event where there's a surprise guest, many speculating the two men both in Arizona, it will be RFKJ with an endorsement. What do you make of it? Yeah, so look, all, all, all those, those efforts to keep them off the ballot, if these were favored candidates, if these were candidates the media liked, it would be characterized as authoritarian, illiberal and anti-democratic. Right? Instead, we haven't heard a word of it in basically in the mainstream media. You know, maybe page a, a 10, if you're still reading a print newspaper, you know, three column inches or something, But. it hasn't been a focus at all at the same time. Obviously a major theme of their campaign against Trump has been their, the pro-democracy people. So these, these two things don't get together, don't go together.


There's another instance of hypocrisy and they're caring more about power over everything else. Now, RFK was fading, you know, one, it hasn't been a great campaign. The most memorable things about it were the alleged brain worm. And then, then the, the dead bear cub, which is such an RFK thing 'cause it's a very outdoorsy thing. Weird to even think of picking up a, a dead bear cub. And then to drop it off in Central Park 'cause you have to make it to a dinner at Peter Luger. Luger is, is the other part of the sure. The Kennedy lifestyle, but he'd also been fading 'cause the so-called double haters that the pool there still are double haters, but the pool is smaller. So he, he, he was in the teens and some polls early on. Now five or six points. And if you're Trump, you know, you want his, you want his endorsement.


If, if someone's gonna win Pennsylvania by 10,000 votes, which is plausible, and that could turn the election, which is plausible, even If, you get an additional 2000 votes in Pennsylvania or someplace else. Another key swing state from this is obviously worth it. I love that video where RFKJ reveals that bear story to Roseanne. And I love Roseanne's reactions. He was trying to get ahead of it. It was about to break and he just decided to tell it to Roseanne. And she's like, what? Wait, what? What'd you do to the bear cuff? Huh? She knows she's on, she's stumbled on gold. Charles, I know you are not an RFKJ fan, you're not a Trump fan either, but this is, this is significant as far as electoral politics goes. We went through the numbers yesterday in the various swing states.


He does have support and they tend to be more right-leaning. And if he comes out there and says, you know, I'm telling you please vote for Donald Trump and Donald Trump's agreed to work with me, who obviously you like these slivers of people in the swing states, it it could potentially swing this election. Yeah, I think the, you like, part of that is the key. That's been my operating assumption too, that even if the RFK Junior support splits evenly which, or close to evenly, which some of the polls suggests that it does, that, if you're not a, a fan of either of the two major candidates, then that's for a reason. And that if you've told people you're voting for RFK Junior, then that's for a reason. And that if the person you prefer over the other two then comes out and says, well, I'm dropping out, but I think that the best choice remaining is X, then you might transfer at least disproportionately your vote to X.


So if if I were Donald Trump, then I would absolutely want RFK junior support. So Trump, as I mentioned, has been down along the border and just heartbreaking stories. This is very smart and very disciplined by team Trump. Trump's down there personally, meeting with moms who have lost children to illegal immigrant violence. People who came under the Harris Biden administration and committed just these disgusting murders. A mother of five. It's been horrible, horrible to watch. And it's been effective, but he's also doing some other stuff that's kind of interesting. Now you guys know, you know me in Sports Rich, and Yes, I did listen to you and Andy yesterday and I do not know how to catch a foul ball if I go to Yankee Stadium.


You gotta go for the batting pro. We gotta go for the batting practice. That's, Yeah, we, we gotta, Andy and I should take you to a Mets or Yankees game at Some point I would need the translation. So, but he's been, he did the thing with the very popular golfer and then he sat down with this very popular young podcaster named Theo Vaughn. And they had this exchange about cocaine, which has got almost 10 million views, almost 10 million views on YouTube. I'm gonna show you part of it That you get addicted. How, how did No, I would just do cocaine. That was really Wow. Yeah. So not just, yeah, That's, that's downing, that's downing dirty, right? Yeah.


And this is, yeah, this, I mean it was, yeah, I But you don't anymore. No, I don't do it anymore, man. And I'm not doing it. Is it Too much, too much to handle? Some of this stuff started to get a real rattle in it too. I don't know where it we were even getting it from in this country, but yeah, it started to make me feel like I was a mechanic or something. So the thing You go back to then is alcohol for the most part, Right? Yeah, but, well, what I want probably is cocaine. But I know that if I have a drink then it'll give me, it'll like be like, okay, well I had a drink then I can do this. Is cocaine a stronger Oh yeah, up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cocaine will make You. And so you see you're way up with cocaine more than anything else you can think of. Cocaine will turn you into a damn owl, homie. You know what I'm saying? It'll, you'll be, you'll be out on your own porch, you know?


Yeah. You'll, you'll be your own street lamp Again This interview. It's got 10 million views and this is who they need. They need young guys who are motivated. You know how this whole thing's gotten into like the matriarchy and the patriarchy, him versus her mama la whatever. Yeah. You tell me, rich, this seems like a very smart thing to do. Well, you know, I had a similar conversation with him when I had lunch with him in Bedminster about a year ago. It was during the Bud Light thing. And I was talking about Bud Light and how it's terrible. It doesn't really taste like anything. He's like, wait, you can taste beers. Beers taste different. I was like, what a weird question that occurred to me.


He doesn't drink, so he has no idea. No, he doesn't drink. So, yeah. But yeah, he needs, he needs to do these kind of things to get above and beyond the traditional media that obviously either doesn't want to cover him, is not gonna give him a fair shake. And then the border event, I do wonder if the rallies themselves kind of outlived their usefulness. 'cause the media's now so obsessed with playing up the rifts and they're always rifts, right? He, he wants to entertain himself and he wants to entertain the crowd. So, so you know that that's what happened in Georgia. We're just talking about Brian Kemp. It's not like he talked about Brian Kemp for 90 minutes, but you talk about him for five minutes. If you've been on message the rest of the time, all that gets ignored. And all we hear is, is that you attack the sitting Republican governor. So doing these thematic events, issue based events, I think he should do more of them.


You know, sit down with families of victims of, of around a round table, victims of fentanyl or, or sit down with hard hat guys who work, work, you know, and fracking in, in natural gas industry and in Western Pennsylvania. And well, he's stray. Yeah, of course he will. But he's also really good in those, those kind of personalized settings. And it, and it guarantees you're at least getting coverage that you had an event about this. So in the Local press, that's what's critical. Yeah. In the local press. Yeah. But look, again, as we were talking about ear earlier, he is got a, a much a harder challenge with Kamala Harris now and is really, you know, in 16 and 20. He both kind of, he, he, he wandered a lot and then he kind of closed well, well enough to win in 16, not quite in 20, but he, he, the, the closing needs to start pretty soon and it is gonna have to be good.


All those things though, suggest more discipline, you know, making up with Brian Kemp. That's good. Accepting the RFKJ deal if that's what's gonna happen. That's good. Going down to the border to create local news opportunities. 'cause really what matters is not the na that the national media picks it up, but that the local picks it up and that the local people in Arizona see what you did and see the problem and are reminded of how it could creep into their lives. That's good. So all those things are good. We're done with the Democratic National Convention. Thank God. I, I didn't, I, I mean it was just painful. I just had four nights of pain. But I do it because I love you guys. I love all of you. Love you Rich. And Charles too. Thank you for being here. Thanks Megan. Thanks for having us for next Week. Yeah. I wanna tell you before we go, go to m Kelly dot com and subscribe to our once a week little email.


It's from me and I've got a good one for you today. Check it out. Thanks for listening to the Megyn. Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohome.com.


Walmart plus members. Save on meeting up with friends, save on having them over for dinner with free delivery with no hidden fees or markups. That's groceries plus napkins, plus that vegetable chopper to make things a bit easier. Plus members save on gas to go meet them in their neck of the woods. Plus, when you're ready for the ultimate sign of friendship, start a show together with your included Paramount plus subscription. Walmart plus members. Save on this plus so much more. Start a 30 day free trial@walmartplus.com. Paramount plus essential plan. Only separate registration required. See Walmart plus terms and conditions.