
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, my God, the news today, absolute devastation all along the east coast of the United States, the Southeast coast in particular, as the fallout from Hurricane Helene comes into focus. Have you been? Why haven't we been seeing this everywhere? I have not been seeing this everywhere. This is a massive, massive weather event in the United States that's absolutely devastated. Thousands and thousands of Americans who are struggling and dying right now, Americans in this region are just starting to think about rebuilding their lives, their homes, their communities, and this story, given where it is across North, Carolina, particularly hard hit Georgia, Florida, could also now have major political implications at just weeks away from the presidential election at least.


It's gonna be more than this. At least 115 people have lost their lives so far. They are still just beginning to go through the rubble that's been left behind. Have you seen the flooding, the massive flooding homes? All you can see is, is the rooftops in on block after block in Western North Carolina. Hundreds of people remain unaccounted for at this hour as a result of that catastrophic flooding and damage. Look at this. Look at this. There's just nothing left. There's nothing left of some towns. This is in North Carolina. The President Biden spoke this morning about it from the White House saying he has activated FEMA and the National Guard.


He signed disaster declarations in Florida, North, Carolina, South, Carolina and Georgia, and more areas as well. He says he's going to visit the area as soon as possible. He spent the weekend in Delaware at his beach house. But great, I'm glad that now that it's Monday and we're between 11 and four. He's actually taking it seriously. I'm sorry, but get off your beach and get to work. Okay. He says he wants to avoid being a distraction and therefore expects to be there later this week. I'm just gonna say it. I don't believe him. I don't believe he's worried about being a distraction. That can be an issue with presidents. I believe he's tired.


He didn't get off his ass until late in this C crisis. Then he finally was told it was an election year. So he did what any president would do, but I, I don't believe he even has the wherewithal to wanna travel or go down there. Former President Trump is heading to Georgia this afternoon to be briefed on the damage. Governor Brian Kemp. He flew over parts of Georgia on Monday, surveying the damage this morning and said it was unprecedented what he was seeing. The, the, the amount of devastation so far inland and saying quote, it looks like a 250 mile wide tornado has hit. Wow. I agree with that. When you, you see it with your own eyes.


His Democratic opponent, vice President Kamala Harris is coming off a West Coast campaign swing and traveling back to Washington DC right now to be briefed by fema According to Politico. She will visit the region when the time is right. We've heard little from her on the matter other than social media posts and a brief mention at her Las Vegas rally last night. Joining me now to discuss it all. Victor Davis Hansen, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and author of the book, The Case For Trump, which has just been updated and re-released in time for this election with the massive tax hikes proposed by Vice President Kamala Harris and almost 40% top income tax rate.


My lower 7% increase to the corporate tax, a capital gains tax on unrealized gains. And the fact that she's proposing to add almost $2 trillion to a current $2 trillion deficit. You might be thinking it's time to make more of your tax sheltered savings and your inflation sheltered savings. So I wanna tell you how to do that and that's why we're gonna talk about Birch Gold Group. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news is you don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on gold.


There's no obligation, just information on fortifying your savings before the crazy really hits With an A plus reading with a better business bureau and thousands of happy customers, you can trust Birch Gold as well. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit today. BDH Welcome back to the show. This is so bad. It's absolutely bad. In, in this region, we have thousands of homes and roads, including major highways and bridges washed away reading here from political playbook, the AP and CNN collating their reporting. Millions remain without power, water, or reliable communications.


Property losses certainly to be counted in the tens of billions of dollars. Some of the roads and bridges that FEMA needs to do its job are not there anymore. Electricity could be out a week or longer. Emergency services stretched far too thin. Communications infrastructure is in tatters. This is proven already to be among the deadliest US hurricanes in the last 50 years. The loss of life. Look at these pictures. The loss of life home community is just, it's hard to wrap your arms around. Sorry, Deb, where is this? North Carolina where? Biltmore Biltmore Village.


North Carolina and all along western North Carolina. This was not a coastal thing. This is on the west coast of the state where it looks like this hurricane just sat with a deluge of rain causing Yeah. As Brian Kemp said, what looked like a 250 mile wide tornado that hit in Georgia and then South Carolina and North Carolina, and we're still seeing people stranded on rooftops. It has echoes of Katrina. Victor, what do you make of it? Well, the media seems to be ignoring it. I I I don't wanna say it's political But. it seems like it is. I mean, it's much more like the coverage of East Palestine, Ohio and the railroad direct and the toxic cloud than it is the 2005 coverage of Katrina.


And I remember when George Bush flew over Katrina, he'd just been reelected, and he looked out the window and they took a picture of that and they said, the headline said, Bush flies over. I mean, he went immediately when he landed. He went out there and he waited around and he, he, he said some silly things he put his arm around, said Brownie, great job. Which wasn't done. But the point I'm making is the media used that iconic moment of him up in a jet with people struggling on the ground. And he, his, his administration never recovered that second term people That's right. Had that, that was institutionalized, that he was supposedly callous. And yet no one's, the media doesn't seem to have the same interests as they did with Katrina.


And it was, and again, that reminds me of the way they just ignored the plight of the people in Ohio at East Palestine. And these things are really important historically in, in an election year. Remember when Chris Christie hugged Obama about the New Jersey storm right before the 2000? Everybody said, wow, Christie endorses Obama's FEMA treatment of the storms in Jersey. So he's okay. And, and yet the way that a president or a candidate reacts to these disasters, that means a lot because it, it shows whether they're empathetic and competent. And I don't know why I, I think you're right about Biden, but I think Harris there for some reason, I don't know what it is, they, she doesn't want to go down there and get waiters on, and she loves photo ops at the border, but you would think that she would be down there consulting, et cetera, et cetera.


I know that they took a photo op in a plane where she's pictured riding on a pad with her EarPods or something as if she's in a controlled command center up to 40,000 feet up in the air. But. It's not the same. And again, the media knows that this could be damaging to her reelection. So they're not gonna cover, at least in the way that they felt that it could be damaging to George Bush's second term. And they really, I mean, that was a terrible thing, Katrina, but he was on 24 7 as insensitive, racist, terrible president just because he had initially flown over and he never recovered from that. And the mayor just lambasted him every naked Na Megan, I think his name was, or the Yeah, Megan.


That's right. He just, he, yeah, he ended up in prison. But Bush did pretty a, he ended up doing a pretty good job, and yet he, it was devastating for his presidency. The initial response was so slow. He, you're right, yes. He never recovered it. It was a stain that from which he never recovered. Yeah, she, this thing hit North Carolina on Friday, on North Carolina on Friday, and the picture started coming out on Saturday, which is absolutely devastating. Even worse yesterday. Last night. Last night, well into the devastation, the loss of life, men, women, children, pets, the entire devastation and destruction of communities.


Kamala Harris attended an LA fundraiser. This tweet goes out from Matt Visor. Kamala Harris is at an LA fundraiser with Stevie Wonder, Keegan, Michael Key, Sterling Brown, Demi Lovato, Jessica Alba, Lily Tomlin, Alanis Morissette, and Holly Bailey performing menu, duck egg roll, goat cheese, honey blueberry ball, beef, Wellington, lobster roll and crab cakes. This was September 29th at 7:48 PM Yeah, that doesn't, the devastation was, that's too much to the middle floor was Ongoing.


Victor, how dare she? I I know. I don't think she's, I don't think she's in touch. I mean, she went down to the border and people looked at that gold. She had a Tiffany's gold necklace. Reportedly it doesn't, and she was dressed up like she was in command. But I think the problem is that they are so terrified that if she's in any impromptu ad hoc moment, she can lose the election with a word salad of, I don't know, 30 seconds. And they think that she's not well liked by the public and that people have got this impression, I think, accurately, that she's artificial and canned. So if she were to go down there and put on waiters and walk around as she did at the border, I don't think, I think it would be sort of like an Ivy League president going to the ones that have been fired going to a synagogue and explain why they're there to help stop antisemitism.


It, it's counterproductive is what I'm trying to say. And that the border photo op, I didn't think helped. I think it hurt her. And I think if she were gonna go there, she would say something and she would, it wouldn't be good. And I know that. And therefore they're gonna keep her out of that And. when you force multiply that by a non-comp min president, you have no one in control of the government that's on, on site. But that's not new. They did the same thing during East Palestine with that toxic flume. The town we were showing with the just shards of wood is chimney, rock, North, Carolina. The reports are, it's just gone.


I don't know how large the town is, but the reports are, it's, it's gone. The town is gone. This is the picture we keep seeing the video for the listening audience. Yeah, it, it, it's just absolute devastating. There's nothing, it's not even like a tornado where you can see clumps of houses remaining. This looks like just shards of wood, almost like massive, large toothpicks flattened out. And then every once in a while you see what appears to be a little bit of a rooftop. There are reports of grandmas and grandparents and paws on top of roofs with grandchildren trying to get help from overhead and dying.


There's, there's all sorts of absolutely devastating personal stories that are starting to emerge from what's happening there. And the federal response to this, victor, will be an issue. I've lived through enough of these as, no, it has harder to know. It, it, there's just no way it won't be, even with this media even understanding that we are fi you know, five and a half, six weeks out from an election, now they'll run cover for this administration. But if there is not an all hands on deck situation to try to help these Americans suffering right now, this media, they love ratings more than they love anything. And they will be forced to send the choppers out there and see the people waving for help, as we've seen all over Elon Musk's ex this morning.


Yeah. And yesterday. Yeah. But the problem, Megan, is the longer you wait then, then the more auto artificial, the eventual appearance becomes. And we saw that at the border. It becomes counterproductive as soon as she left the border. Everybody in the border patrol said, why wasn't she here before? She's only here for an election. So it's been Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. She's gotta get there today. And he does too. If they don't, then it's, they're either afraid or they're too lazy or they're not interested, or they feel that people are not as important as others are or whatever the reason is, they have to get there immediately. Because when they do come, if under pressure, it looks like they were forced to go because of mounting, as you say, media pressure.


And then it's, it's gonna be too li too little, too late. And it's gonna be counterproductive. And I think they're right at that critical moment where they're debating right now, is it too late to go down there and will it look like that we're just pandering? Or should we get down there as quickly as possible to show that we're in control and we're gonna stop the suffering? And that's how they look at everything. It's calculated. Unfortunately, President Biden, well, president former for President Trump said that Biden, who, who spent the weekend in Delaware, as I mentioned, was quote, sleeping on the beach instead of leading the recovery effort. And he blasted Kamala Harris for fundraising in California and Nevada when she quote, ought to be down in the area.


I mean, it's a fair point by, by somebody who's running for office saying, you were caught flatfooted. Where is the rescue personnel? What are you doing other than fundraising? And sitting on the beach, president Biden waited till this morning to speak vowing that the feds will assist the survivors quote for as long as it takes. And then he signed de disaster declarations over the weekend, Harris, she made calls to local leaders. She prefaced her Las Vegas rally with a pledge of support and a call for solidarity. I just, this is so awful to me, Victor.


It's not, this is one of those situations in which you do need the feds, you need fema. There's a reason that we all pay tax dollars that are used for this organization. I mean, these are very competent governors, many of them who should be able to do some of the work. But, it isn't all hands on deck situation where you still have Americans at risk and the nerve to be out there eating her duck, egg roll goat cheese, honey, blueberry ball, beef, wellington, lobster roll and crab cakes as the people died, will come back to haunt her. It it will. But I don't think she's ever done anything like this in her life. I think every, the one of the things that we've known, discovered during this campaign is that when she says these embarrassing things, whether it's, you know, illegal immigration, iss not a crime, no deportation, she always is emphatic about it because she's always speaking at a left wing sympathetic audience and she grandstands or demagogues to them, but she's never a spoken in an environment or gone into an environment where she might be questioned or cross examined.


And number two, she's, that's not who she is. She's not a pragmatic person with common sense. So if she were to go there, what would she ask? She said, do you have enough? Do we have enough water? Do we have sewage working? Is there fuel for you? What can I, she's not gonna ask this question because her entire life, for, despite what she says about being middle class, has been one of privilege connections, influence, convenient, left wing boutique politics, abstraction over concrete issues. She's never dealt dealt with any of that. So I think they've thought, you know, she's so inept and she's never been with actual pe middle class people and in suffering. And she doesn't know anything about what they need or what they might need because she can't envision herself in that same situation.


'cause she'll never, she never was in it. She'll never be in it. And I think they know that. And that's, it's, it's the same. We're gonna run out the clock and take the hit of not appearing because appearing might be a bigger hit. And that's how they calculate these. And I think they, they, they starting to regret the border visit. You know, it was not very empathetic to people. She looked like she was stylish, dressed up for the occasion. She looked like she was going to be the executive going down there, but no one wanted her down there. And even the media was not nec necessarily sympathetic because it was so obvious. And so, I I, I think they're in a doom loop. Megan do. They're damned if they do, if she does, and damned if they don't, which is a tragedy because they really do need a president and a vice president down there to show everybody that they better start helping these people or there's gonna be ramifications.


And they need all of these federal bureaucrats to know they're being watched and audited by the highest echelons of government. And If, you don't do that. It's kind of on autopilot. And there's a sense of a lackadaisical attitude that'll permeate the entire recovery effort. Effort. The photo op of the border wall was infuriating. She went for 20 minutes was, and then she came out trying to act like this is a top priority for her. The, the border patrol guys were promptly out there ripping on her. I saw them on Fox News saying these two guys that she met with were management and even they were probably embarrassed that they had to be pulled into this. But they couldn't exactly say no to the sitting vice president of the United States.


She goes looking at the border wall like she has a real interest in it. This this border wall that she called a stupid use of money saying quote, I will block any funding for it. In 2017, she called the wall Trump's medieval vanity project. She said, the border wall in 2020, she said, is a complete waste of money won't make us any safer. And there she is looking at it like she admires its its strength and its capabilities in keeping illegals outta the country. This is the same woman who was quick to jump on the bandwagon to accuse the border patrol agents falsely of whipping the Haitian migrants.


Something for which she's never apologized. Myorca peed that lie, knowing it was a lie. He was told it was a lie before he pedaled it, he pushed it anyway. But worse than any of that, they're the reason we have all these immigrants in the country right now. Tens of millions of illegals and over a million so-called legal in places like Springfield, et cetera. And she really wants us to believe we should trust her to enforce the border. Yeah. Her, her problem is that in the last 10 years, and even especially as Vice p she's commented on every aspect of illegal immigration. She said that you should not deport anybody.


She was like a teenager out at a rally in Los Angeles. No deportations. No deportations. She's talked about catch and release that you've got to bring it back. She said that illegals crossing illegally in the country is not a, is not a criminal statute, a violation of a criminal statute. She's talked about the 600 sanctuary cities. She's compared the border patrol of the Ku Klux Klan in that case of the So-called whipping. So the wall, everything, she's on record so everybody knows that she's not sincere. And on November 6th, the day after the election, if she loses and she's got three more months as a lame duck vice president, she will revert right back to where she was 90 days ago.


And that is, she know she's an open borders person and if she wins, she will re and she'll think she has a four year tenure. She'll revert right back to where she was because this wasn't an accident. I mean, it's, it's very hard to let in 10 to 12 million people, we have more people, percentage wives, 16% now than any time in American history. 60 million people were not born in the United States. And so that's hard to do. And they, it just prompts the question, why did they do it? And I think the, the answer is obvious that under the new 2020 rules of voting, when we went from 70% in most states voting on election day to 30%, it was very hard to authenticate the Genucel nature of ballots.


And they felt the more people you can bring in, there's, they're gonna filter into the system. Some are gonna vote, they're, if they don't, there's still a constituency that needs massive subsidies and health, education, housing, food. And they're going to reward us for generations at the polls for being the party that welcomed them in and grew government raised taxes and created more of the welfare state. And that's what it's all about. It was all deliberate. They're incompetent. I understand that. But this, everybody says they're incompetent. They didn't, they they can't do it. They did this intentionally and they're gonna continue to do it Intentionally. That's the thing. Because now there's this huge push by the Biden administration to legalize all of these illegals in the country and fast track them to getting ID and being able to vote.


And you know, with between 10 and 20 million of them in the country now, yeah, thanks to this administration, who knows what percentage of them actually will get fast tracked. It does seem like many have been saying all along, like a total election ploy. Like the whole thing is just an election ploy to make the United States a permanent state of California forevermore. It's where you can never have Republican, a Republican win statewide again or countrywide again. Well, Megan, you know, in I'm in California and I'm on ground zero of all this in Fresno County in the middle of the state.


When I used to fly into Fresno Air terminal after 11 and I get delayed a lot, there was nobody in there, obviously a regional airport when I go in there. Now, if I come in at one o'clock or 12 on a late flight, it's the most busy period of the entire 24 hour cycle. There's hundreds of people in the airport and we have nonstop flights from three Mexico cities and of all places Fresno. And they're booked solid and there's hundreds of people flying in every night. And we don't have a passport control in Fresno Customs office. So I guess that they're either being cleared in Mexico or they're regular scheduled flights or at some, but we've never had that before. And so now people, the busiest time is two, three, and four in the morning when we're just a direct conduit from Mexico.


And that's true of a lot of California and other places in the United States. And no one talks about it. But again, it gets back to the idea they have no confidence in their agenda. Every issue does not poll 51%. So their, their attitude is, well, we either have to go into these 90 day campaign cycles where we deny everything that we're doing. And most of these Senate races, the Democratic candidate is doing exactly what Kamala Harris is. They're not talking about their record. They're going to, they're moving hard from hard left to center in some cases center, right? Because the people don't want their agenda. So they either have to fake it during election cycles with the help from the media that cover for them, or they have to get constituencies both long term and short term.


Everybody knows what they're doing. And that there, and then what you just said or what I just said, they have a deterrent effort that that would be called racist or nativist. Or xenophobic. And so people don't, don't speak up about it because you take a big hit when you do. That's right. That's, they've been saying this about Tucker, about many people for a long time. Absolutely. The the great replacement theory. Oh, that's what he, they do this racist thing called, and, and, and they, Tucker was Co the left, what on their stated plans of bringing in all these immigrants to take over the voting roll. John Judas and Roy t wrote a book called The New Democratic Majority. It was a triumphal, this book. And you look at article after article, they take that, that common phrase, demography is destiny.


That is a left wing slogan that we are bringing people in who are going to bring vigor and youth and vitality to this old sort of ossified, calcified European American has been spent population. That's, that's what they talk about all the time. I hear it all the time in California. And they're open about it. So when Tucker started to address that, they said, well, you're part of the great replacement theory. But the great replacement theory was their theory and they had terms for it. They didn't use replacement, they were a little bit clever. They called it demography as destiny, our new democratic majority. We flipped California from the Reagan Ian, Pete Wilson Schwartzenegger era.


No more. 32 years of awful Republicans. It's blue forever. Colorado's blue forever. New Mexico's now blue forever. We're gonna flip Nevada. It's purple. It's almost blue. Same thing. We're looking at Arizona and Texas. The only irony about the, their whole project is there's a lot of Mexican-American, especially males over 40 that have had it with 'em because they're impacted. And a lot of communities are. And if the Mex, if the Hispanic or the Mexican-American vote gets up to 45% or even higher, they'll close the border be, and they're doing that with Cubans already, as you know, if you're Cuban and you came here illegally, then you're treated a little different than a Venezuelan or a Mexican national.


Absolutely. Because they expect, they, They, they know exactly what will happen. But meanwhile this, that we do know something about the people who are in this country. And we know that a very disturbingly high percentage of them are criminals, already are violent criminals in their country. Now a couple of things about this report that hit from ice, what happened was US representative Tony Gonzalez, a Republican, asked the Department of Homeland Security, of course that's Mayorkas department for data on migrants who have criminal backgrounds. And finally he got back a response from the ICE deputy director named Patrick lch Leitner.


And that response from ICE was jaw dropping and made the rounds over the past few days in a way that really was alarming to many people reporting that there were 662,566. In other words, 6, 6, 2, 5, 6, 6 non-citizens with criminal histories on the agency's non detained docket. Of those 435,000 are convicted criminals. 13,000 have been convicted of homicide, almost 16,000 convicted of sexual assault. Another 226,000 have pending the current criminal charges against them.


1800 plus have pending homicide charges. 4,200 plus have pending sexual assault charges like Lightner, the guy from ICE blamed some of these releases. 'cause these people are all, all at large, they're at large, most of these on sanctuary cities where they were nabbed, but ICE placed a detainer on them saying to the local cops, don't release them. Like, oh, great, they got pulled over. They, they got, you know, accused of sexual assault. We want them to deport them. And cities like San Francisco or entire states are sanctuary like Massachusetts, say, no, we're not doing that. We're not gonna detain them, we're letting them go. Yeah. So the, but then there was a follow up over the weekend where DHS Mayorkas Politicized group, which oversees ICE comes in and says, the data's being misrepresented, the data goes back decades.


It includes individuals who entered the country over the past 40 years or more. It also includes many, I don't know what that means. Four, five, how many who are under the jurisdiction or currently incarcerated by the Fed State or local law enforcement partners that noticeably do not put any numbers on these because they don't want us to know what percentage came in. That's a, That's the Key under Harris Biden. And that's the key. If they really feel that, that figure does include people that are incarcerated, it's much easier to get the data on the people that are in custody than the people that are not in custody. So all they had to do was release and say there were 12,000 convicted murders.


But don't worry, we have data that shows that they're in federal or state prison and they're half of them. And even if that were not true, why, if they knew these people were here and they had four years, did it really matter what administration they came under? Why wouldn't they get, they go after them and and deport them. Right? And they know, they know that. And the thing is, they're all insulated out here, you know, in Los Angeles County and Fresno County, there have been reports over the last 10 years that almost half of all traffic accidents, the perpetrator who caused the accident leaves the scene. And you know, I live out in the country. I've had four people in the last 15 years, leave the scene of the intoxicated, leave the road, plow into an orchard, tear out trees, vineyard, and leave the scene of the accident.


And then when you try to take a tractor and pull the car over the highway, patrolman says, you cannot do that. We have to impound that. So, and no compensation, no nothing, and no law enforcement. And everybody knows that in this part, anytime anybody goes, drives daily through rural California when, you know, there's this many people who are foreign nationals and here illegally and don't know how to drive or follow the traffic laws. But more importantly that if they were to get into a accident, they would leave the scene of the accident rather than stay there. Everybody knows that. So none of my family drive anywhere unless they have a full ram Dodge truck, double seated, you know, really huge truck.


'cause that's what you do if you're driving. I drive once a week to the coast. I go right across rural California for a hundred miles. And I can tell you in the last 15 years, I've had about 15 people run the stop sign. And every single situation, I've been in a very heavy pickup and I've almost been killed about three times. But that's just the way of life in these communities. And this is what's so frustrating. Mayorkas, Kamala, Harris, they know that, but they don't, they're shielded from it. Pelosi's shielded from it. They know that. And that's why people are so angry about it because these Hispanic communities, Mexican American communities, they deal with it every day, every single day.


And they're impacted. I I go to the local health center in, in my community, it's 90% Hispanic. And the local residents are just shocked because there's just lines out the door of people who need healthcare that have never been to a doctor. And you can't get the type of services that was promised to you that all you need because we're servicing nationwide. 1213, who knows how many people came in the last four years on top of 20 to 25 million that we're here already. And so it's, it's Orwellian. And yet when I travel to Stanford University each week and I say to the, my colleagues or people on campus, they get a gas.


How dare you say that? You, I couldn't believe you said that. And If you say, well, you know what you got, you're creating, you're importing massive poverty. 27% of the people in California do not pay their pg e bill. You know what that means? The whole system is broke and people can't afford to turn on 'cause they have to increase the rates because you have a quarter of the population doesn't send in their bill. And then you see people in my community, it's 115 in August and they're in Walmart, and what are they doing in Walmart? The poor people are trying to get cool. They can't afford to turn on the air conditioning. And you tell people that in San Francisco or Los Angeles or Palo Alto and they think, well, it's 70 degrees here.


I don't know what you're talking about. And so that's, I'm not trying to to to personalize it. I'm just trying to suggest that the problem is this bicoastal elite that implements these pro these, these procedures and protocols know exactly what they're doing. And it's all predicated on, we have the Martha's Vineyard attitudes. We care about these people very deeply in the abstract, but if they get near me in the concrete, they're outta here. And that's right. That's Their attitude. I mean, that's why the nerve, that's why even the border patrol was angry. They're So angry after she went down there. That's why they're furious. Used them like props as if she cares at all about the border. We all know she doesn't. It's just, it's amazing to me.


I don't think that the Americans who are getting ready to vote for her, like Stan McChrystal Victor actually think I I know it. I met Him before. She's to tighten the border right there. Why is General McChrystal coming out and saying, we don't really care. I can tell you why about policy. We only care about personal character. Oh, we have it. Do we have it? Yes. Listen to him. Here he is. And then I'll get your reaction. Stop 14, Let's be sure we don't elect a president Based on policies. We shouldn't. We should elect them for the character because we don't know what's gonna come up. What we've seen from Kamala Harris convinces me, she has the strength, she has the values to deal with the uncertain crises.


Go ahead Victor. He, he knows that's not true. He was a very effective commander in Iraq. He was kind of a charge of a hundred killer team that helped find Saddam. So he's a very astute, sophisticated thinker and he knows that. But Megan, he also has been very successful by running a lucrative leadership corporation where retired officers with his very rich experience can advise CEOs about how they can better manage their companies according to the principles that he learned in the military. And he's very influential, he's very affluent now. And what I'm getting at If, you look at all of these 700 national security experts who weighed in the saying the same thing that he did are the 51 intelligence authorities that weighed in in 2020 are the 104 hundred former security analysts.


They all have. I mean, and I'm not saying they're all compromised, but they understand that the cost of doing business and saying that you are against the Progressive project or Kamala Harris and that you might just possibly vote for Donald Trump or be favor, that that's a career ending money losing proposition. And they understand that there's no corporate board ships there, there's no revolving door lobbyist. You're not gonna be on General Dynamics or Lockheed as an advisor. You're not. It's just not gonna happen. And General McChrystal knows, just to be provocative, that if he were to come out and say, you know, there's nothing in Kamala Harris's career that has ever showed leadership. She, she's not even, she can't even be truthful about her middle class supposed upbringing or her McDonald's employment that might be proof of earthiness or something.


And I just don't think that she's ever had any leadership ability demonstrated at all. He would be done for, no corporation would want to hire him. If they did, they would be blacklisted. And they know that. And so I I, I was really disappointed to see that given the service he did to the United States. But that's a whole nother issue about our generals that are retired because as you know, in 2020 and 21, and also as early as 18 and 19, the statute of uniform Code of Military Justice statute 82 says that no retired general shall disparage the commander in chief.


But we had our most illustrious admirals in general, saying that of Donald Trump after the riots in Washington DC during the George Floyd effort, when he, he raised the issue of using federal troops in the way that, you know, a lot of presidents have George HW Bush especially. And he did it. And all of a sudden these generals came out and said, he's Hitler, he's Mussolini, he's a liar. He can't tell the truth. And General McChrystal, I dunno, If you remember, and I'm, I'm just recalling this by memory, but when he started this company and he was advising and he was in the echelons of power, he wrote an article for the Left Wing Atlantic magazine.


He said the following, I I was brain, basically I was brainwashed my entire life as a, as a military man. I admired Robert E. Lee. And then all of a sudden I discovered this was during the statute. I I heard you discussing this on your podcast. Yeah, this was good. Sorry, keep going. Yeah. All of a sudden I discovered that he was illiberal and he may have had slaves. You know what I did? I took off that picture and I smashed it and I threw it in the dumpster. And he had to tell us the world that, and that was, why did the, he have to tell the world that. And I, he's a very intelligent guy. He's been, as I said, he's a very heroic figure. But I don't believe that his entire life, he didn't know that Robert E. Lee owned slaves.


And I don't think he came to that conclusion at about the time he started being a consultant to corporate America, a very high renumerative of fees. So it's, it's something wrong. There's something wrong with the military right now, as we know. There's short, soldiers are short, the right type of equipment. Their stockpiles are down. They've got woke, DEI they're counter, but there's something wrong with our command when they leave. They, they, they need to go. They don't need to weigh in. If they're gonna weigh in, they have to be sober and judicious. They don't have to go and make these astounding claim. I mean, I, I like all of them. But when Admiral McRaven said that Donald Trump should lose, should leave all should leave sooner, the better.


When there we have scheduled elections, come on. Or General Hayden said at the border that Donald Trump, who inherited the so-called cages from Obama, said he's doing the same thing they did in Auschwitz. This was from a four star general. And it, it's, it's really disturbing. I don't think they understand what they're doing. And they get very, I I, you know, I work with a lot of people. He's undermining faith in the military even though he's retired. People understand that he's one of our most respected generals. It's like, okay, you get out there, maybe you just say, and he does to me, he sounds like a Democrat when he talks. 'cause If, you read the longer transcript of what he said. He, he skirts around some of his issues like abortion.


And he, he, he phrases some of the issues in a way that suggested to me, he's a democrat. Fine, you can be a Democrat, but to come out there and make your your point, policies don't matter. Policies just don't matter at all. Because he knows he can't, he can't look us in the face and say the border is secure. You know, he, he's not gonna defend the, the United States being a safer place now after four years under Joe Biden versus the, the four years at the end of Trump. So he's just gotta lie. He's, it's, I know the term gets overused, but it's a gaslighting, you know, like just policy is irrelevant. You all you have to look at is character. Well, if that's all we're looking at, she still loses. I I don't know anything about her, at least with Trump.


I know what his character flaws are. Right. He's obviously somewhat narcissistic. He cannot let a grudge go away. And that's, those are his main two. I'm sure there are others that are not just coming to mind at the moment, but Kamala Harris, she remains a complete mystery. All I know about her is that she's a far leftist raised by a Marxist who believes solely in equity where we all need to wind up in the same place no matter how hard we worked between A and z. So I, I don't believe him. So he's lying to us. And the reasons you offer as a possibility make as much sense as any When some, when he says somebody, it's a character issue.


When somebody tells us it is part of the zero zero 1% in the nation whose parents were both PhDs and just happened to be born in Oakland, but grew up in Berkeley and then lived in one of the POS neighborhoods in Montreal and, and we're supposed to believe that she was middle class, she wasn't nothing about her was ever middle class. She was, she was among the elite and he knows that. And she's deliberately being disingenuous. And he knows that. And he knows that when she speaks, it's incoherent and he knows that. And you know, if he says that characters matters, I mean all of our presidents have had character problems, If, you go back to Bill Clinton or any of them.


And so he, he, he, they all know that. But I can tell you that, that where the power and the money is not anymore on, on the right. I mean that, that old fortunes of agriculture and mining and transportation and construction is just out. I mean, it's still there. It's important oil and gas and all that. But the, the big global money, as you know better than I Megan, is in hedge funds, investment insurance, media, tech, Silicon Valley, $9 trillion. And I, and they have enormous, we saw that with Facebook and the old Twitter, when all of a sudden all these FBI, James Baker, the chief counsel, left his FFBI job for, I don't know what it was, 200,000 maybe at most.


And he ended up making $7 million in one year. And yet he was at ground zero of the fusion between social media and the FBI to smother the laptop disinformation. That whole hoax that, that was exposed by the New York Post. So that's what we're dealing with. There's so much money and it's all on one side and the opportunities for people in the media, but especially the military, when they retire, they can be rich beyond their the wildest dreams. But there is one rule, and that is If, you suggest that you're conservative and worse yet that you would favor a MAGA type of approach.


You're not going to be a very good consultant that just the corporate people are not gonna hire you. And that if they did wanna hire you, they wouldn't let, they wouldn't let anybody know. Yeah, exactly. Right. I'm trying to find what he said where he gets into, oh, it was his New York Times op-ed. Yeah. Although I have opinions on high pro profile issues like abortion, gun safety, and that's an interesting way to phrase the, you know, I mean, I think true Second Amendment supporters would've stuck to Second Amendment rights, gun safety and immigration. That's not why I made my decision. Political narratives and policies matter, but they don't, but they didn't govern my choice.


And then it goes on to talk about how, you know, things can happen while you're the president. What really matters is, you know, are you able to lead, is she leading right now, general McChrystal? Is she, is she taking the, the helm right now as how many states are underwater and people are suffering? No, she's eating duck egg roll lobster roll crab cakes and beef Wellington with Jessica Alba and Sterling Brown and Demi Lovato, because that's what's important to her to be popular with the cool kids out in la. And he, he, He, and he knows that Meghan, I mean, you remember that he had this stellar ascendant career in Afghanistan. He had done so well in Iraq, Afghanistan was a mess.


That was the Obama administration told us that Iraq was the bad war. Afghanistan was a good war. And then the Afghanistan went south. So they brought McChrystal over and thought he can work the same magic. And he very naively let a Rolling Stone reporter, reporter, left wing flack be embedded in his inner staff. And that guy reported that when Joe Biden, as vice president called McChrystal, he said to a aide, it's Joe, bite me. Do you remember that? And all of a sudden people said, he disparaged. And it was very ironic because he disparaged in a public setting, the vice President of the United States. So they, they removed him from command.


That was it. He was done for, he went back to Washington. Obama said, did you say Joe? Bite me? And he, he admitted and they got rid of him. Which is so ironic when he, during he called, I think I'm, I'm quoting from memory, but I know that he said that Donald Trump could not tell the truth. And he attacked him publicly in 2000, I think it was 2019 or 20. So he, he, he's been traumatized by the left. He really has, they treated him very badly. He, he was taken in by a reporter. He let the reporter listen to his innermost conversations. The reporter wrote a very damaging article, which I thought was very unfair to him.


I thought Obama really hurt our cause in Afghanistan by, by depriving him of his talents. And I think he learned his lesson. Do not cross the left under any circumstances. Now he's on, It's a career MSA career. And in the New York Times, he could be a Republican who's a never Trumper, I mean, and has TDSI don't know. But to say the policies are irrelevant. Okay, tell it to the girls who are gonna get cut up thanks to the policies of this administration. Tell it to the little girls who are gonna have permanent brain damage from the male volleyball players who are gonna slam them in the face. We'll get to Boise State, which just said we're not gonna be on that list. We're not playing against a team that has a male on it. Policies do matter general.


And honestly, I just refuse to believe you're too stupid to know that you've just become a partisan hack or you found a way to line your own pockets by saying the quote correct things. And we see through you. It's somewhat infuriating. Victor, I I wanna get to Kamala Harris and some of her latest word salad because we get a little window into who she actually is here and there every other day. Now yeah, she's doing these minor interviews here or there. You know, she did the one with Stephanie Rule. She was not good. She had done the one with Dana, Dana Bash not good. And now she spoke with Jessica Alba, one of the stars I mentioned about the economy.


And she spoke with these guys from the NBA on the All the Smoke podcast. And okay, see If, you remember, see if what she said to the all the smoke guys brings up anything if it reminds you of anything else she said in a recent interview. So one, But these are things about building what I call an opportunity economy, which is about helping people not just to get by, but to get ahead. 'cause most people, look here, maybe you've gathered this already. Here's where I come from. Most people have ambition. Oh God, they Have aspirations, they have dreams, and they are willing to work hard.


And if we give people the opportunity to actually meet those goals, they jump for it every time. But not everybody starts out from the same place in terms of having the opportunity. Just get in there Just so you don't have to work for it. Sought to watch Refreshing, having the right to have aspirations and dreams and ambitions. If, you have Stephanie, rule The dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of what I believe you do what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams.


I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams of the American people. Ambition is a good thing. Yeah. Dream with ambition. Yeah. And we will applaud it. Ambition, dream with ambition and aspirations and dreams. But not everyone necessarily has access to the resources that can help them fuel those dreams and ambitions. Dream with the ambition. It doesn't matter what state you reside in, it doesn't matter. If, you live in the suburbs or if your home is in a rural area.


Omics has had a negative effect on many aspects of our lives. Gas has gone up an insane 51% rent is up 22%. Groceries are up 22% higher than before Mr. Biden took office. Electricity is up a whopping 32%. Some Americans are having to make tough choices now. Do they pay to fill up their gas tanks to get to work? Or do they buy their kids new school supplies? Do they pay to heat and cool their homes? Or do they buy groceries for their family? These are the very real problems omics has caused. And that's why Club for Growth is fighting for pro growth policies that can allow our economy to flourish. Text GROW to 6 0 9 6 7 to learn more. Again, that's grow to 6 0 9. Six seven.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


Dream with ambition. Now, Victor wi not don't just dream, dream with ambition and maybe an aspiration and some work ethic. So Megan, why does she do this? That's my question. She does it every single interview and they, and she's not stupid and she does, I kid around, maybe I've said she, she has a vocabulary of 500 words, but I think they give her these prep books and she just is intellectually lazy. She doesn't even read 'em, she doesn't even spend any time. And the idea is that I think I've been so nurtured my entire life of being given things, whether, if it was from Willie Brown to start out, or the media, that the media will never cross me.


And she's right because when you look at the iteration from the first Philadelphia interview, she did, well the debate, the moderators really helped her in the debate. Then she did the Philadelphia, that was a softball. Then she went to Dana Bash. She really offered multiple choice answers for, then she went to the Association of Black Journalists. They were baffled. They thought, wow, she kind of left in a huff. We did everything we could and she still failed. And then we went to Oprah and that was a disaster. And then we went to Stephanie Rule and that was a disaster. And what, what I'm trying to make the point is that each, each interviewer knew that the prior one had been criticized for doing t-ball interviews.


And yet they, they tried to outdo the other one. In other words, they were saying to themselves, that person debase themselves by being a propagandist and trying to help her and still couldn't help her. And therefore, I'm gonna be a greater propagandist and help her even more. And I'll be famous for the one person that made her look good. And that was, it just got it increased and spiraled. But they all knew what they were doing and it didn't bother them. So, and her reaction to all that is, I, I'm just gonna wing it. I'm not gonna pick up a prep book. I'm not gonna look at policy. I don't give interviews. I don't do town halls. I don't do press conference. I don't have to. So I don't even want to know the data about my economic plan.


I don't care. You know, a normal candidate, Megan would say, okay, I said, I'm for wage and price close. Tell me the date that I'm gonna start and what I'm gonna say when they say, why don't you start now? What is the date and how am I gonna implement it? Is it gonna be nationwide? I'm gonna turn it over to the states and here's the possible questions I'm gonna get and I'm gonna, they don't do that with her. She, I, I think they just give up and they say, If, you try to prep her with the details. She get angry because she doesn't wanna do it and she doesn't need to. And, and they're right. She doesn't. Here here's evidence of your theory. Okay? I've got a point for you. Last week, this audience knows I was harping on her for the exchange with Stephanie rule in which Stephanie Rule said, and, and one of the things to help increase the housing has to be dealing with the red tape.


And Kamala Harris was like, yes, the red tape, we have to deal with the red tape. Absolutely. By creating incentives, incentives in the fe, the federal government with the state and the local and the community and incentives and holistically, it has to be holistic around certain incentives. Holistic, oh, and transit. Transit and holistic transit, holistic incentives. And we laughed at this inanity, but then I went back and I found that it was her economic speech prior to this interview where she raised the issue of too much red tape. So it was total fair game by Stephanie Rule to bring up something she had, she had brought up herself. And the only way she could explain it when then asked, could you explain what you just said, was to, in passing in, in about the course of a thousand words to throw in the word transit.


So then we went back further after the show and we actually looked on the Biden Harris website right now. And on the Biden Harris website, there's a proposal to try to stimulate more housing development. And there is a piece around transit and it goes on for paragraphs. And a studious, caring, thoughtful candidate might have read that, committed it to memory, figured out how that actually works and how it could help stimulate. But she is not that person. All she was able to do was say holistically four times and squeeze in the word transit when she heard the words red tape. She's not a thoughtful person.


And I have to disagree with you. VDHI do not think she's an intelligent person. Well, I I didn't say she's not. I I didn't, well, I meant was she's not as Donald Trump said men. He said that. I thought that, I mean, that's counterproductive when he said she was mentally impaired. Well, that was, I think he May not be the one to say it, but I I have said it and I believe it. Well, what I, well, what I'm telling you is that when Bill Clinton prepared, they gave him prep books and policy binders, and he went through, he memorized them in like an hour when Ack Obama did. He could do it too. And they're, they exist and she hasn't cunning about her.


She's cunning. She knows how to, you know, do the photo ops But. it wouldn't take, so what she does is from reports is that when she has these disastrous, she gets angry and she fires her staff. She blames her staff. But the whole point I'm making is she doesn't want to read anything. She doesn't have to. She's never had to, she never did as vice president. And when she does inter remember the space things, she had actors that little kids that were actors. And she does that. Yes. She goes into a pr, she goes into a store to buy pretzels. And it's all been rehearsed. She has act. It's, that's it. It's kind of like an athlete that never lifts weights or never runs, and they're flabby. It doesn't mean they didn't have some ability, but they don't have to do anything.


She's been coddled her entire life of privilege. And her idea is, all I have to do is say, I'm middle class, I'm black, I'm a woman, and I'm left wing and I can raise a lot of money and laugh and be personable and kind of flirt, bat my eyes, grin, whatever. And she's gotten by with that. And that's that. That's why remember she was, I think we keep forgetting she was Joe Biden's. Spiro Agnew insurance policy. It was almost like 48 hours before, before he quit. They said he will never quit. You cannot put her in there. We know her. They were leaking that You remember that, you know better than I do.


Yeah. They were leaking it to journalists like you, that she's totally lazy. She's in app, she'll never be able to do it. And then all of a sudden she became Cicero or Socrates. And it doesn't work because she won't, she won't do a, she won't. I do believe she has the ability to memorize 10 talking points. I really do. Yeah. We saw that at the debate. But you're right on the actress front, because that's what I see as well. I see somebody who is acting the role of a, a presidential candidate acting what she thinks is the role of a vice president. She, she's, she's, and we see it over and over. That's why, that's why one of the things that's that is so galling about the hopes and dreams and optimism is how she acts through it each time.


It'd be one thing if she said, look, I believe people are losing hope and that they shouldn't because this should be a country of people who have aspirations and ambitions and dreams. And they, that I could actually stomach that it's her affect around it. Her fake affectations. Yes. With the hands and the gestures and the attempt to look like she's just come up with this deeply profound inspo for the kids. And I said this last week with Maureen Callahan last Friday, two Fridays ago, where I was upset about her weird verbal tick of Right, right after she does one of these fake profundity, she often tags on, you know, or Right.


And she did it again. And my team, because they like to torture me and I like to torture you. VDH has queued up. Here she is in that talk with Jessica Alba, which actually has it all take a listen to. So three, First of all, Latina small businesses are the fastest growing in the country. Yes, they are. Right, right. Yes, they're, but included in that is that we don't lack for people who have ambition and have aspirations and dreams and a and an idea that is it a great idea and work ethic, but not everybody has access to the capital. It's so true. And I believe strongly that our small businesses are the backbone of America's economy.


So when we grow and strengthen small businesses, we all benefit. Okay. I can't, it's too much. It like, it it, There it is again. Right. It worked with Willie. Yes. It it worked with Willie Brown. It worked with the San Francisco donor class. It worked for everybody. I've watched her for years. It worked. She goes down to Hollywood and she does the therapeutic two minutes and they open their checkbooks and they think she's, she's not toxic. She and who could dislike that? And the only question we have, Megan, is that we're down during the 30 days or 38, I don't know how many today. 37. And can she do this for over a 90 day period?


Run out the Clock? She can, she can do it. She can wait. I think she just on this front before we here, here she is. Because look, we pull little montage. This is part of her routine, the aspirations. And the minute I showed you the, but like the right thing is a verbal tick. This she can do. I don't know if she can maintain like discipline, but she's done it so far. Look at this top four And this movement that we're in about, as I like to say, seeing in the face of a stranger, a neighbor. Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Just being able to, to know that their hard work allows them to get ahead. Right. The beauty of a democracy is each of us has the power. Each of us has the power. That's right. That's right. To answer that question.


That's right. Everybody on the significance of the passage of time. Right. God, The significance of the passage of time. Got it. So I felt a great responsibility and, and the incredible power of the people. Right. And you know, I got some Madison cred. Right. That's a business, tiny business. It's a concept of a business. Right. I So, so what if Oprah had said, well, let's say, what if Stephanie rule had said, instead of you, you did, you flip burgers. Ha ha What If, you said, you know, this is kind of a trivially issue.


But it's become very important because it's, it questioned your veracity. Could you just set the record straight and tell us now where you worked at McDonald's and what year you did just tell us the McDonald location, but she knew they were branch gonna never answer branch. Yeah. That would've blown up the whole thing. 'cause she couldn't do it. And if Hope had of just said instead of Yeah, yeah, yeah. If she just said, when you say you're, you want to help people and you want to give equity, what do you mean? How do you do it? Which program do you want? Do you want to do it through HHS? Do you wanna do it department labor? What is the program? Can you just give us 10 detail? And they know that she, she knows they're not gonna ask that.


But if they did, and that's why she'll never, she'll never go down during, you know, the, the, the hurricane or talk to somebody impromptu, or when she was talking to those border PE people, you really didn't get a microphone in there because they weren't gonna ask her because she can't do that. And they can't do that because she's never had to do it. And you know, I think we all have met people like that, that are complete constructs. They're just empty zombies. I mean, they're just, well, And, and it, it wouldn't be that bad if, if this were somebody who did have strong policies and we could see on the books, yes, okay, this is a serious person. Maybe she's not that charismatic.


Maybe she thinks she's more profound than she is, whatever. But this is all they're selling to us is this airbag. And we're supposed to accept this as the thing like McChrystal said, you know, this is the character, the hopes and the Dreams. That's why Ambitions and the work ethic and Right. That's why we get so angry about it because we're watching a train go over the cliff and you can't, you know what's going to happen. And you, you keep wondering if somebody's gonna apply the brakes and say this is a fraud. She's insulting the collective in, in intelligence. Everything she said about Afghanistan, she was the last, she bragged that. She was the last person in on that decision. We, she said she wanted to ban fracking, not just once, but emphatically 10 times.


Don't believe her. Don't believe her on the border. Don't believe her on crime. Don't believe her on any of these things. And yet it's all We all know. She's funny. But, it's a massive fraud. I mean, it's truly A fraud has Been committed on us. It's, it's, it's, and even look, even at what happens, they get Tim Wal and they want us to believe he's this down home folksy guy. They get her husband d Doug m Emhoff, and they want us to believe that this man who cheated on his first wife and impregnated the nanny, they either aborted the child or he abandoned the child. Yeah. N neither one is good, but when he sits down with the Jens Sakis of the world on MSNBC, if you're gonna go there, then go there into what kind of a man and husband he is.


You don't have to ask him what kind of a husband he is. You can, you can ask him something else If you want, but if you're gonna talk about what kind of a husband he is, that you're gonna have to go there instead. This is what we got when he sat down with her over the weekend and sat 15. An interesting part of how people have talked about your role here is how your role has reshaped the perception of masculinity. And I'm not sure you planned on that, but you are a incredibly supportive spouse. Has that been an evolution for you? And do you think that's part of the role you might play as first gentlemen? It's funny, I've, I've started to think a lot about this. I've always been like this. My dad was like this. And to me, it's the right thing to do. You know, support women times when, oh my God, you list up women, we support women.


Whether it's pay equity, childcare, family leave and all these issues that, and you know, this post-ops hellscape women should not be less than, there's A pop culture phrase wife guy, which you've kind of been known as. Are you familiar with this? I've heard about it as Called a wife guy, a proud wife guy. How do you feel about that? Well, If I do something annoying to Kamala and she gets upset, I'll just show her that article. A Picture. Well, wife guy that, that was a former press secretary. I know it. I mean, they, they're trying, they put Donald Trump, basically they're trying to put him in jail. Alvin Bragg, because it all started with Stormy Daniels and they use Stormy Daniels everywhere.


But if that was true and you have a one-time, tri with a porno star is pretty bad. But you're gonna criminalize that and use that to embarrass him and criminalize. And this guy brings in a woman into the his own home and he's hired her. There's, and it's a power imbalance as the left always warns us about. Yes. And then, and then they're so strong about abortion. They're telling everybody to get abortion, but they don't want to tell us whether she was forced to have an abortion or not. They should be bragging about it according to their own doctor. And He said, I I'm a you're a wife guy. If by that you mean you like to bang the nanny when the wife's not looking.


Sure you're, you're a wife guy. I like to support women. How'd you support her by aborting the child that you had outside of wedlock with the nanny? Is that supportive? Was the ba was the baby a girl? Because that's not so supportive to that little girl. It blew up at Arnold Schwartzenegger. As soon as he came out of office, they, it was kind of like in California. His wife knew about it, but kept it quiet. As soon as they announced it, he, everything blew up for him. I mean, the Republic, everybody thought he was a cad. He was a scoundrel. This woman was in his own house. He used their own bed. He lied about it. He had an illegitimate child. He never took, but then he kind of manned up to it. You know what he said, yes, I did this and I'm supporting them.


And, and he kind of recovered a little bit, but he hasn't told us anything. And they don't wanna find out anything. But Victor, they, they think of the journalistic dereliction. You, you have Doug Emhoff, maybe you're gonna ask him, what's her vision for X? What's her vision for y What, okay, maybe you're just gonna use him as like a policy surrogate. But If, you decide to go to the what kind of husband Doug Emhoff is place. And then you're that fawning. You've humiliated yourself. I like, I can't believe someone didn't say, Jen, Jen, let's not go there. He banged the nanny and got her pregnant on the first wife.


There may or may not have been an abortion or an abandoned child. One of those two things did happen, even according to him. Let's maybe not make him into the second coming. Okay. But this is par for the course for Jen Psaki. We put together just a few examples of her very tough, hard hitting questions. Watch, You've also been front and center in talking about abortion rights. Why do you think that's so important? Do you think he's scared of debating her? The other thing I have been thinking about a lot is how it must be for you when you see people attacking your wife. What do you guys do when you have downtime? Now she's a great cook, loves to cook. She is, you've said she's tried to teach you to cook.


What can you cook now that she taught you? And you also passed on advice to Gwen Walls. What did you pass along to? So no one cares. Okay, let me, let me round back to what was in the first question. You've redefined masculinity. This is such an insult to American men that they, that they would tee this guy up and say, this is the new definition of masculinity. I am insulted victor to, to suggest that a man who behaved like that, I'm too. Right. Who behaved like that. And also that it's, what is it there, is there something wrong with a man being in a more traditional man role that's not only supportive of the wife. Most men can be alphas and supportive of their wives.


But I mean, there is another element of ma i I was embedded twice in Iraq and when I saw, I was on a block hawk once and I was sitting next to a guy and we were flying at night and he, he was 18 years old from the middle west. And he was, he had a 50 caliber machine gun. And there was no, there was no cover or anything. And I asked him when we were, when we left, I said, you do this every day. He said, I do it every day. I said, you get shot at all the time. I said, you have to avoid things. Yeah. People build cell phone towers. They don't tell us we it's dangerous at night. That, that, that's an element of masculine. And you know, I just put a roof on my home and I looked up and there's a guy named Jose and he had 45 pounds of shingles on his back.


And he was tiptoeing across an old Victorian farmhouse, 35 feet above the ground. Like he was a ballet dancer with all this weight. Wow. When it was about a hundred. That's masculine. And yet we're supposed to tell us that everything that we've associated with courage and physicality and muscularity and danger, that's, that's out the window because this is a new type of macu. If it's a new type of masculinity, then he would say, look, I screwed up. I had an affair with my nanny and it was bad and I regret it. And I took the following measures to rectify it. And I, you can ask me anything you want and I'll, that's the, that's masculinity. That's, and he didn't do that.


That's right. And, and so I, when I get really upset is that, you know, what's masculinity is via border patrol guy and get no credit and go down there every day. And you have no idea who you're gonna encounter. They don't, you don't know if they're a murderer, a rapist, a drug. They, you don't know if they've got a car cartel hit out on you cop. Yes. And they do it every day. And yet we don't, we don't acknowledge that type of masculinity. And that's, we shame them. And you know, and we got this idea that, you know, we have a big problem when we have 60% of all bas are given to women. And we're, look, there's been article after article about the, so-called Male is living at home. He's, he's prolonged marriage dating children, home buying into his the thirties.


He is just directionalist. I think part of it is that we have talked about the new masculinity and not the old masculinity and said, you know what, you're 18 now, you're an adult and you're gonna have to go someday. You're gonna get married in, support a family and buy a house and stay up late and take a second job. That is what a man is supposed to do. And, but we've so deprecated it and emasculated it. And, and so when I look at waltz, I, and he and, and Kamala's Hussman are supposed to be the new sign of masculinity. And we're all supposed to vote for that. I think that's one of the reasons that a lot of people, especially the Mexican American community, a lot of African American males, they don't buy that.


And a lot of working class whites don't buy that. They wanna say, there's a lot of men out there that get up every day and do very dirty, hazardous jobs and they don't get much compensation. They don't get much recognition, but they are very masculine in the way they do it professionally. And they take care of their families and friends. And, and so I I really get this. I hate this elite condensation. They're so condescending. Oh yeah, we've kind of got a new masculinity. She taught me how to, and then they're hypocrites. They're hypocrites. You know, all men have, I don't know anybody in my own circle. I know a lot of people, none of us are perfect, but I don't know any man that said he was masculine because he and then impregnated a woman who came in to take care of his children and the inner, the inner sanctum of his own home.


And then Exactly. Tried to hide it. Tried to hide it. If that's the new definition of masculinity, I can it. I don't want any part of it. Keep It. Yeah, same. Absolutely. Alright, two other things before I let you go. Tomorrow night is the vice presidential debate. I, for one cannot wait. I'm very excited to watch this. I can't hear that right. It starts at 9:00 PM It's on CBS, although, is this, is this one Steve Kra hour where we're gonna be able to watch it everywhere? I imagine it is. Yeah. You can watch it anywhere like they did with the presidential debates, which is good there. Here's the deal. CNN got a expectation setting dump from Team Walls.


And that's exactly what this is. The headline is heading into the vice presidential debate. Tim Walls is fighting nerves. He's nervous. You see Victor, they spoke to close to a dozen top campaign staffers. So basically they sent the entire team to go talk to CNN about how Tim Walls is doing. And you see how he's doing is he's constantly coming back to how worried he is about letting Kamala Harris down. He doesn't want Harris to think she made the wrong choice. He fears he won't make his case as well as he needs to. His digs at Vance are a glimpse into his anxiety.


He feels Genucel contempt for and confusion over what he views as vance's abandonment of their common roots. You see, Vance abandoned their common roots by getting himself into Yale Law School. And this is not to be forgiven. And he feels Genucel contempt for Vance for doing that and for flipping so many of his positions to fit Trump. He, the digs he takes at Vance by saying he didn't know many Midwesterners who went to Yale are a glimpse into his anxiety that his opponent learned to be a sharp debater there at Yale, according to those who knows know Waltz.


You see, he's attacking Vance's Midwestern roots and then progression to Yale because he's anxious that he learned to be a sharp debater there. It's not because he's a mean petty, nasty, divisive person. They go on to say, his aids insist, this isn't just about setting expectations. He's just not a lawyer. Debater type according to Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar. It's not like he was dreaming of debates when, when he was in first grade. Neither was JD Vance. He was in a home being abused physically and emotionally in sheer abject poverty.


Amy. So I think you have him confused with Chief Justice John Roberts, who was born in the cradle with a little black rob on, but that's not JD Vance's story. All of this is trying to set the stage for us to think that walls is in the fetal position. So when he comes out tomorrow night swinging, we're going to be oohing and eyeing, He's gonna need it. I, I had apprehensions about Donald Trump because the first debate with Biden, he was kind of a spectator when Biden kind of, somebody threw water on Biden, like the Wizard Oz's witch. And he just melted as they watched. And, and by, I don't think Trump really prompted that. And then I thought when Trump gets into the next debate, the moderators are gonna be biased and they're gonna bait him and bait him and bait him on things he's very sensitive about.


And they did, even though he, I thought he did pretty well. But I had some reservation. I don't have any reservations I've talked to in my past. I don't know him well, but I've talked to him a few times. I think that he is one of the most skilled conversationalist, and I don't know if you'd call him a debater, but when he goes on and meets the media, he's very, very good. And when Tim Waltz has talked about Donald Trump being a coward, and these people are cowards and they're not really good people, he's gonna have his water. I really do think because he's gonna be on there and all of the biased CBS moderators in the world are not gonna be able to help him because he is a buffoon and a blowhard.


And I think I, if JD Vance performs like he usually does, and I don't even think it's performing. He's just, he's just somebody who's naturally very skilled and bright and re parti. And I think they're terrified. And I think the moderators are gonna be shamelessly biased. I think Walch is gonna call him, he's gonna quote everything that JD had said about Trump when he opposed him in 2015 dash 16. I think he's gonna call, he's gonna cat lady this cat lady that, and it's not gonna have any effect at all, Megan. It's not gonna help Them. Yeah. And they're saying that, that they're going, she's gonna try to bring up, they, Tim Walls may try to bring up a line that CNN reports, Kamala Harris was preparing to use when she was still in the Veep role and thought she would have to debate to get Joe Biden reelected as president, asking Vance what promises he made to Trump so that the former president, president would not send an angry mob after him with a gallows like Mike Pence experienced on January 6th.


Interesting. I'll say last time around, before the presidential debate on a, b, c, they dropped a piece like this and they made promises like this, like line by line and they did them. So yeah, JD Van should read this piece because they actually did use the exact lines that they had, you know, sort of fronted Yeah. In the media. Yeah. There's one, there's one interesting piece in here too, just before I let you go. Where they do reveal CNN does that the vice president staff, this is the reason j Tim Waltz was everywhere before he was chosen and has given no interviews, you know, since then, other than the one he did with her, the vice president staff, meaning Kamala Harris' staff does not want a contrast that would highlight how few unscripted events she's done.


Yeah, well, he's a force multiplier of her avoidance. He can't, and it's not just that she doesn't want him to speak, he doesn't wanna speak because he's not very good at it. He's blistering, he's buffony, she's hyper, he's kinetic. He doesn't come down well with people. He doesn't come across well. And this could be far more important than most, most vice presidents of debates are inconsequential. But when you have the top of the ticket who will not debate very, I mean, doesn't only debate in a favorable forum, no conferences, no town halls, no unscripted rallies, nothing like that. Then you turn attention to somebody. 'cause there's no Biden, the president is not there anymore.


The vice president is avoiding. So maybe the third guy, the future vice president might be able to talk. So there's gonna be a lot of attention that usually isn't accorded this debate. And I think that they're, they're paranoid and they can call JD Vance everything they want. But he's not just a Yale, he's a very skilled Yale lawyer and he has a lot of experiences in the military and finance, but ultimately he's very, he's naturally bright and well-spoken. He's a wonderful writer. And I think they feel that this is something they'd, whether or not do. Oh, I can't wait. And I look forward to speaking with you and listening to you thereafter, my friend.


Thank you so much for being on, as always. Thank, Thank you for having me. Okay, so we're gonna take a break, but before we do, I wanna tell you something. I didn't watch Saturday Night Live. I, I don't watch Saturday Night Live and, but I did watch the Cold Open, which was circulated online and it was all over the place on, on X. And so I watched the 13 minutes and can I tell you, for the first time in years, it was funny, they poked fun at Kamala Harris and at Trump. I actually don't know who they have doing Trump. But he wasn't funny. And he wa it wasn't a good Trump. I sorry. I mean the Trump is so, like, he's iconic. You can't settle for less there.


You gotta get somebody who can just nail the Trump invitation. They didn't. So that wasn't good. But the Kamala Harris was good by Maya Rudolph. And the best part was they brought Dana Carvey out there to do Joe Biden and he nailed it. And the guy they had played Tim Walls, I laughed out loud when they had him walk on stage as Tim Walls with all the weird jerky arm movements. Watch this. See My campaign is like the Sabrina Carpenter song Espresso. The lyrics are vague, but the vibe slaps come on out here. Coach Walls. Woo. Hey, hey, hey, hey.


I've heard what the right says about me just because I'm unapologetic about being a man, supporting his wife. Oh, he's a beta a Wife guy, JD Vance. People are saying he was a bad pick and in many ways he was. jd, come on up back to president. Thank you. Okay, well folks, we still got work to do. No joke, I'm being serious right now. Come on. And guess what? And by the way, fact of the matter is the rich don't pay their fair share.


Hey there. Is that nice? Yeah. Really good. Okay. Hi there. Okay. Hi. Get back here. Okay, that was actually well done. So kudos to them for making an effort. Maybe they're watching the, the numbers of Greg Gutfeld and actually getting scared over there and understanding that comedy, truly great political comedy has no sacred cows. And we'll take shots at both sides. Alright, we're gonna come right back with the guys from the Daily Wires s Crain and Company to talk about what's happening in the WNBA with this one player clearly launching an attack on Kaitlyn Clark, which now she denies.


And the whole WNBA turning on the reporter who deed to ask about it. We gotta talk about. This is a great story. It's up next.


Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Did you forget to file for an extension? Are you stressed out about it? The October 15th deadline's fast approaching and time is running out. If, you haven't gathered all your documents or made any estimated payments. You could soon be targeted by the IRS After October 15th, the IRS can garnish your wages, freeze your bank accounts, or even seize your property. Hmm. But there's help available. You don't have to fight this problem alone. Tax network USAA Nationwide tax firm has helped taxpayers save more than 1 billion bucks in tax debt. They have filed over 10,000 tax returns and assisted thousands in reducing their tax burdens. And they can help you too. Don't wait. Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a free consultation. They will guide you through a few simple questions to determine how much you can save. Take action now before it's too late. Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV BET M GM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey. And yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We're turning to the topic of Kaitlyn Clark, WBA star and reportedly rookie of the year. Joining me now, Blaine Crain, Jake Crain and David Cohen, their hosts of the Daily Wires sports show, Crain and Company. Guys, welcome back. Good to see you. So this has leaked the WNBA hast officially announced who the rookie of the year is, is my understanding But. it was, it was nabbed. I think the Atlantic broke it. I'll correct myself if my team tells me I'm wrong. In any event, she's obviously an incredible star. She's totally revitalized interest. Well, I mean, vitalized interest in the WNBA in a way it never was before. And yet since she's joined the league as a rookie, she's been abused.


She's been abused over and over again by these other players. And reportedly it's a race thing that that many black women inside the WNBA are resentful that this white woman came in and is getting all this attention. Nobody disputes that she's an amazing basketball player, but still they seem resentful and angry toward her. And it's resulted in physical alterations on the court that don't get called as fouls that the girls then deny were intentional. And Caitlyn Clark always takes the high road. She never, you know, points the finger But. it happened again where she was playing.


Hold on. 'cause my audience knows I don't know anything about sports. I only know when it crosses into the news lane. She, her team was playing the Connecticut sons and the player, deja a Carrington, tried to get the ball from Caitlin. And at the end, Caitlin plays for the Indiana Fever at the end, it seems pretty obvious to me, intentionally scratches Kaitlyn's eye with her long fingernails. She denies it was intentional, but watch, there it is. Hold on. So she goes for the ball and then look, she points her hand down after the play, after the, the ball is passed, this player from the sun. And it seems very clear, she bends her fingers into Kaitlyn's eyes.


There it is. She could pull her hand away. She didn't. She got, and Kaitlyn had a black eye and it was not called as a foul. And then she was seen celebrating on the sideline and laughing with a teammate. All right, so here's the other piece before I get to you guys. USA today columnist, Christine Brennan, who covers all sorts of sports. Got a moment with this Connecticut Sun player, deja a Carrington and asked her about it because that's what you do as a reporter. Watch this Dene. Yeah. Did you, when you went and kind of swatted at Caitlyn, did you intend to hit her in the eye?


And, and if so, could you just, or, or, or if not, either way, could you talk about what happened on that play? I just, I don't even know why I would intend to hit anybody in the eye. That doesn't even make sense to me. But no, I didn't, I didn't know I hit her actually. I was trying to make a play on the ball and I guess I followed through and I hit her. So obviously it's never intentional. That's not even like the type of player that I am. So yeah. Did you and Marina kinda laugh about it afterwards? It looked like you, there was later on in the game that caught you guys laughing about it. No, I just told you I didn't even know I hit her. So I can't laugh about something I didn't know happened With the increase. Okay, last thing I'm gonna say is all that was a lie in my opinion.


Phil Houston spy, the lie guy would say all that. She had all the telltale signs of lying. If If, you asked me, did you hit her intentionally? I'd say no. Nope, I didn't. She went right into convincing behavior. I didn't, I don't even know why I would intend to hit anybody in the eye. That's what a bank robber says. A bank robber says, I'm an honest person. Why would I ever rob a bank? I have money, I have a job. A a truth teller says, no, I didn't rob the bank. No it all of this convincing behavior and not a no And denial. Denial. What, this is obviously a liar and I don't know this person, but as an outside per I can anyway. Now you guys, the WNBA is on the offense against the reporter saying she's racist.


Suggesting she's racist, she doesn't deserve her credentials and that she was trying to fuel racist homophobic because the, the girl who did the hitting the Connecticut State player Dee is a lesbian, racist, homophobic, and misogynistic vitriol on social media. Okay, late on me, Blaine, Jake and David, what do you make of it? Well first off Megan, thanks for having us. I mean there's, you know, so much to unpack here, but really it comes down to, to one main thing. To me it looked, that looked intentional, right? Typically when somebody does get hit in the face or you're trying to block something, you don't put your fingers down like that. Your hand swipes and maybe your hand makes contact with their, their face.


We'd see this in basketball all the time. It's intentional foul. Somebody tries to block somebody shooting a layup and they hit 'em in the back of the head or on the face. And that ends up being a flagrant one or a flagrant two depending on how they call it. But I don't have as much of a problem as the, with the Intentional Act because we've been watching this all year in the WNBA. It's the fact that the reporter is not allowed to ask that question. Just in general, even if this was the first time. But after a series of events where we've watched all season long and into the postseason, Kaitlyn Clark get abused and taken out. I mean even during timeouts, people are intentionally walking into her, bumping into her doing things mid play and after the play.


And If, you don't know Christine Brennan's so woke, I don't know how she ever sleeps. So this isn't exactly somebody coming, she's so woke from the Daily Wire, our Fox, Fox news. So the fact that they're attacking her just shows you the WNBA continues to drop the ball on its whole issue. They got given the greatest gift of all time this rivalry between Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark. And you used the word vitalize. 'cause you're right, you can't revitalize something that was never vitalized. But the WNBA has totally failed. And whether it's not putting on the Olympic team, not using her in promotions, being hesitant to put her at the forefront of the league, I think the WNBA has missed a huge opportunity. And the only reason, Megan, that we're talking about it and you're talking about the WNBA is because of Kaitlyn Clark.


Exactly right. Just to put some meat on those bones via Forbes, okay? They have the highest audience they've seen in 24 seasons. And the, and the WNBA games, televised games with Kaitlyn Clark's, Indiana Fever averaged 1.18 million viewers compared to 394,000 for all other games. There were a record 22 games that averaged over a million viewers. 19 of which involved Kaitlyn. So I mean, you'd think they'd be saying thank you. They're not saying thank you. Yeah, Blaine, No they're not. Which is surprising to me. We have to really see what the WNBA organization is about and who they are and what they want to do. To me, this is controlling free speech. This is what it is.


You can get up there whether you're Caitlin Clark or whoever you wanna be and pander to whatever they want you to say, but I promise you it will never be good enough. And one way to control culture right, is it's through sports and controlling speech. So they will push this and kick this down the road as long as they have to until they can control what is said there from reporters, what is said on X from Twitter, from Elon Musk, until they can control every little thing. This kind of reminds me of Eminem when he got into the rap game, right? You can talk all you want, you can do this, but sooner or later you have to respect somebody's game. And the way Caden Clark Clark plays basketball has to be respected and sooner or later the dam is going to break.


And the WNBA what matters more money are your feelings. 'cause we can look around the league and see the same thing Luca Dchs dominating the NBA say what you want, but they respect him. There's no respect to Caitlyn Clark and it is blowing my mind. And sooner or later it's going to cost the WNBA everything. Hmm. David, the executive director for the WNBA Players Association, a woman named Terry Carmichael Jackson, who is hardcore woke very big into the racial justice stuff, puts out this ridiculous statement to unprofessional members of the media like Christine Brennan, you are not fooling anyone. That so-called interview in the name of journalism was a blatant attempt to bait a professional athlete into participating in a narrative that is false and designed to fuel racist, homophobic, and misogynistic vitriol on social media.


You cannot hide behind your tenure. What? That doesn't make sense. Instead of demonstrating the cornerstones of journalism ethics like integrity, objectivity, and a fundamental commitment to truth, you've chosen to be indecent and downright in states here. She asked a question trying to get at the truth. You've abused your privileges. You do not deserve the credentials issued to you. And you certainly are not entitled to any interviews with members of this union or any other athlete in sport. Those credentials mean you can ask anything. But they also mean you know the difference between what you should and should not. We see you USA today, sports should explain why a reporter with clear bias and ulterior motives was assigned to cover the league USA today to its credit standing behind its journalist, Christine Brennan, who also is as woke as they come, an open Trump hater and has shown her politics many times.


It's, there's some deliciousness. I mean David in seeing her on the wrong end of the woke stick. But that statement from the WNBA is absurd. Absolutely absurd, ludicrous even. And the line that sticks out to me is to say, to even ask that question is an example of racist and homophobic and misogynistic language. Now, m Kelly, you tell me how asking that question is an example of homophobia because I would love to know, but nothing we're talking about is new. We've been watching this all summer long. I don't know how many different ways an organization needs to explain to an individual that they are not welcome. First off, we saw Kaitlyn Clark not make the Olympic team. And the reason given was, well she's just not one of the best players in the WNBA yet.


Okay, fine. But then she makes the playoffs lead the fever to their first playoff game in eight seasons. And she's not even on the promotional material for that team. So the biggest cash cow in the WNBA can't even make the w NBA's graphic to promote the team making the playoff. Now, at one point I wanna make here, Megan and I explained this to Dan Bongino and I wanna make sure to reiterate it here. What we're talking about is not just Kaitlyn Clark being discriminated against because she is white. That's one factor of this. But if Kaitlyn Clark were to embrace every factor of leftism, I mean if she had tattoo sleeves all over her arms, if she had purple dyed hair, if she were married to a woman, if she were out campaigning for Kamala Harris, she would be accepted by the WNBA.


But she's not, because I don't think this is a, a legitimate sports league. It appears to me to be like a political organization masquerading as a sports league. Yes. That's how it sounds. More on the numbers adage reports, the number of WNBA advertisers increased by over 60% in 2024. Attendance, 2024 attendance increased by nearly 50% from the year earlier. Indiana led with an average home attendance of 17,000 a year over year increase of 319%. And so people are watching and interested in, in this league like never before. And yet Sonny Hostin, in an unusual moment of honesty, explained why they still can't stand her within the WNBA here she was not long ago.


If Caitlyn Clark is the vehicle that will bring this sport that I have loved so much and so long to little five-year-old girls playing in Harlem, I say yes, bravo, I have no problem with that. I do think that there is a thing called pretty privilege. There is a thing called white privilege. There is a thing called tall privilege and we have to acknowledge that. But I do think that she is more relatable to more people because she's white, because she's attractive. And unfortunately there still is that stigma of against the LGBTQ plus community. 70% of the WNBA is black.


Th a third of the players are in the lgbtq plus community. I, I think that people have a problem with, with basketball playing women that are lesbians, who cares? They are great athletes. Well you, You see the people weren't going Jake because they were homophobic racists. That's why the other girls resent Kaitlyn getting attention 'cause she's not black or lesbian. Well, Sonny literally had a great point and should have just stopped. But you can't make that point without having to back up something to, to make it seem like, well you're not going all in on, I'm all in on Caitlyn Clark. Like you can't just say the truth and then stop.


As far as Sonny, for the most part, you know, I think If, you put her brain in a dog and walk backwards. But that's a story for another day. The part that I don't get is where they think this hate is coming from to the L-G-B-T-Q community. Right? Nobody cares about whether the players are gay or straight. The reason more people are watching 'cause it's a better product. We saw this in college basketball when you saw what Iowa was doing and LSU and South. Carolina and these great athletes, these women are great athletes. Sonny was right about this point. So why not just embrace that they're great athletes and use that to fuel the sport without calling, causing any division, without calling anybody homophobic. Okay, lemme ask you 'cause you guys are the sports guys.


I like half the women's soccer team is gay and I look at the NFL and the NBA. Most of those guys are black and yet huge ratings, huge attention. It doesn't seem to me like Americans can't stand lesbians or black people. Megan, I'm from Auburn, Alabama. But. it is a, it is a college town. When you go to a game, it doesn't matter if you're black, blue, gay, straight in love with the toaster or whatever. When Auburn scores and somebody makes a great play, we high five each other. Ball. Just make the play. That's right. See, that should be the beauty of sports. But you should not love your toaster. That's got all sorts of other no, obviously associated with it not, But I'm just saying it doesn't matter. None of that mattered.


The ball doesn't care what skin color you are. A fastball doesn't stop because there's a gay guy at the plate. Sports should be the place where you, it is Based on merit. What you provide as a teammate, that's, and as a player on the field, that's how you should be judged. Grow up ladies grow up. Great to see you guys. Thank you so much. Thanks for listening to the Megyn. Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.