
Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans, up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota all loans and amount subject to lender approval.


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases, the most mysterious, are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers, and every Wednesday on my show the deck, I dive into the coldest of cold cases. Many of these victims didn't get the press coverage they deserve during the initial investigations, but I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light and that listener could be you. Listen to the deck now wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. I wanna start today with the total abandonment of American women total abandonment. Honestly, this press Corps couldn't give two craps about the actual state of American women today. What they care about is that you can kill a baby in utero. Beyond that, they have absolutely no use for women. That's where I wanna start today after what I've witnessed this weekend around Kamala Harris and her absurd media behavior.


Now, currently the media is enjoying a round, enjoying a round of girl boss moments. Have you checked anything on the web today? What a girl boss Kamala Harris is as a result of her decision to appear on the podcast, Call Her Daddy, which normally traffics in shows entitled, quote F Me with a dildo, end quote. Not kidding, but this weekend decided that presidential politics may in fact be their thing. It isn't. It isn't. It was an utter fail. I like, I am. So, you know, I don't know shit about sports. Sorry, I don't know anything about sports. I don't, as you guys know, occasionally sports becomes a news story and I'll talk about it, but I'm very quick to disclose.


I don't know anything about it. And I certainly would never be the person purporting to do an important interview of a sports figure who's in the center of some sports storm, as opposed to just my role over here as a random commentator. When it becomes news that's, that's the position this person was in. You, you played with fire and you got burned and you misled and you failed at an important moment in presidential history. There's so much to go through. The particular moment that's being celebrated this morning had Kamala Harris responding in this interview to a barb from Arkansas, governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. It was akin to the childless cat lady remarks from JD Vance, which were years ago, right?


He made those comments three or four years ago. They got brought up again against him once he, he was named as Trump's running mate, and for some reason Huckabee Sanders thought it might be a great idea to double down on them. She said, last month at a town hall, the following, As my eyes feel with tears, my sweet daughter reaches up, pats my shoulder and says, it's okay, mommy. One day you can be pretty too. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble.


She didn't need that last line. She didn't need it. It was dumb politics and I love Huckabee Sanders, but this is stupid for Republicans to get to keep doing this. Okay? So Harris goes on this podcast and the host brought it up, and here was Kamala Harris's response. I don't think she understands that there are a whole lot of women out here who, one, are not aspiring to be humble. Oh Lord. Two, a whole lot of women out here who have a lot of love in their life, family in their life, and children in their life.


And I think it's really important for women to lift each other up. I have two beautiful children, Colin Ella, who call me Mala. We have a very modern family. My husband's ex-wife is a friend of mine, and I love those kids to death. And family comes in many forms. And I think that increasingly, you know, all of us understand that, you know, this is not the 1950s anymore. Families come in all kinds of shapes and form. Alright? First of all, it is absurd for anyone on team Trump to be ripping on someone else for not being humble enough.


Okay? This just was not a smart attack. Second, did the GOP not learn its lesson with the JD Van's comments and the blowback, which he's still laboring under. I understand what he was trying to say. We've talked about it on this show. He gave me his first interview, we went through it all. But there's no question that this is not a smart line of attack that the right should double and triple down on. You heard when Tucker came on this show, he expressed that he felt bad. He said, you know, as a cable news host, I think I egged him into that and I was kind of snarky and I wish I had, and I'm sorry for it. Stop doubling and tripling down on this dumb attack, okay?


Not having biological kids is not disqualifying for someone who wants to hold higher office, nor does any presidential candidate have a lot of humility, okay? That it would be great if they could find some, it would be great. But anyway, for the love of God, Kamala Harris has enough real and deeply disturbing personality traits and policies to actually attack her on this one is not necessary. But as for the way how Car Kamala Harris actually responded to this, it actually, it's not a girl boss moment. It wasn't empowering. It was offputting. Everyone who runs for office should be looking for a little humility, for a little opportunity to be humble.


All the leaders should. We don't need God complex Presidents thinking they alone know best when it comes to free speech. Madame Vice President or Forever Wars, right? She has virtually no governing experience. She was a lifelong prosecutor who then spent three and a half years in the vice presidency doing ribbon cutting events. Her one actual responsibility was the border. And we all know how that went. But had she actually spent the last term governing and making decisions for this country, I think she would likely realize that humility might actually be a good thing, not something she needs to Ute. Just to sound tough, we're not looking to be humble, okay?


I mean, honestly, to me it jumped. It was like the exact same thing is I eat no for breakfast. That routine she's been giving, it shows a fragile ego. She's insecure, she doesn't have the goods, and she knows, we know we do know Kamala. We all see it. Well, today that story's everywhere. It's everywhere. The media's loving this comeback she gave you. Go girl. So the system is working exactly as it has been lately, and as the Democrats think it should, the Democratic presidential candidate avoids virtually all real questions in the press, right? But like she's in a new form of the Presidential Protection Program. She goes instead on some sex podcast where she knows she will get no tough questions.


She gets digitally affiliated by the host, and then the Sycophant Media gets off on the performance telling us all how good it was. It is the presidential equivalent of a visit to the Amsterdam Red Light District or the 1970s Times Square back alleys. They all need a shower. And we are all feeling grosser for having heard about or witnessed it in the first place. Okay? Here's the real problem, though. Not one, not one of those media enablers has reported on the story that we may be about to put a woman abuser in the White House. As first gentleman, Doug Emh, the husband of Kamala Harris, has been accused of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, not 30 years ago, not 30 years ago, 12 years ago, in front of a red carpet gala on the street in France in 2012, right before he met Kamala Harris.


And not a single one of these same gawing media outlets has written one word about it. We discussed this in detail on Friday show. Now we understand that Ms. Harris sat for this particular interview the day prior to the Daily Mail report, breaking the news of Emh H's alleged assault. Fair enough. The host did not know, but Kamala Harris almost certainly did. And listen to her go on that podcast and talk about what a champion of women Harris is. We still have so far to go on the issue of, of child sexual assault. Just like in a previous time, the issue of domestic violence, people didn't talk about domestic violence.


And part of it was this really warped idea that, well, what happens in the home is none of our business, but if it happened on the street, it would be our business if we wa witnessed it on the street. And so the point being that abuse of anyone is something we should all take seriously, as opposed to saying it's not our business. It it, it's something that we have to agree should not happen. And whatever resources and whatever attention we can put into reducing the likelihood that it happens is worthwhile. If it happened on the street, it would be our business.


You heard it from her directly. If it happened on the street, it's our business abuse of anyone is something we should all take seriously, as opposed to saying it's not our business. And whatever attention we can put into reducing the likelihood that it happens is worthwhile, then do that. Madam Vice President do that because this did allegedly happen on the street. So it is our business by your rule. This is something some of us are taking seriously, as is your rule. And we hear at the MK show, as well as at the Daily Mail, which broke the story, are putting attention into reducing the likelihood that it happens to someone else by reporting on the story.


Madam, why won't you follow your own rules? We've gotten no comment from you at all. An unknown campaign spokesperson gave a benign statement to Semaphore saying the report is untrue. Any suggestion that Mr. Emh would have or has ever hit a woman is false, totally generic and doesn't respond to the vast majority of the report you've sat idly by and you've celebrated as this media has made a hero out of your husband knowing about the nanny.


And if the second daily male report is true, knowing that he paid her 80 grand to stay silent after she lost their baby, which she blames on him. You watched, as they said, he has single-handedly redefined masculinity, that he's a wife guy. That quote, supporting women is just something he's always done. What a crock. I, we played you the Jen Psaki stuff on Friday. Another So-called journalist actually had Doug Emh h sit for an interview after the Daily Mail story broke. What a get. Great, maybe he'll ask him, does anyone give a damn about domestic violence?


Maybe this guy does he abuse of a woman in public on the street, Kamala Harris says, we have to pay attention to that kind of thing. Here's Tim Miller of the Bulwark, an entity whose very existence is due to their deep loathing of one thing. Donald Trump. I I I, I don't mind taking shit. I actually kind of like it and Revel and it's like, I, I don't mind if some jerk is, is whatever attacking me. I don't mind the harassment. It's fine. I don't like it when my kid gets brought into it and I do sometimes react poorly. And, and that has happened to over the past few months.


And that happens to you all the time. I mean, your kids are getting targeted. I see Ella getting targeted. I'm just, I just kind of wonder how you process that, how you deal with it. Well, first of all, sorry, that what you're going through. Oh, come on. It's not Compared to what No But it, it's, we, we gotta call it all out. I mean, look, we're, you're a journalist. We, we believe in a, you know, free press. We need strong journalists out there calling it out. And, and for you guys, yeah, we do be able to do your job. You can't do it being threatened and being targeted, and that's part of their game too. It's all, it's all a distraction. So the, the attacks on me personally, the kids Kamala it. Look, it's not fun, especially when it hits the kids, but right now we have a mission.


And that mission is to win this election. Okay? They were talking about attacks, including attacks on his daughter Ella, for whom I have nothing but sympathy. I feel bad for this young woman. Can you imagine having your dad cheat on your mom with your nanny and then create a love child who then gets miscarried according to the Daily Mail, allegedly because of something your dad did? That's the claim. What we know is true. 'cause he is admitted, it is, he knocked up the nanny while he was married to this child's mother. So that's disgusting. But here he'd like to play the victim. It's not nice to make fun of that child or any of the children.


We haven't done that here on the show, but I am interested in what happened to the nanny. And I'm very interested in what happened to the girlfriend on the street Kamala in Con France, less than two years before you started up with this guy. And for Tim Miller to not ask him one question about the allegation that he's a woman beater is a disgusting failure. It is yet another dereliction of journalistic duty. And he does consider himself a journalist. Now, amazingly, I don't even care if you do, I don't care if you consider yourself a journalist, a sex podcast host, whatever, you get this guy sitting in front of you.


You ask the question that is in the news that he's, he's now responded to through a campaign spokesperson to ask whether he actually hit his girlfriend in 2012 outside of a red carpet gala in conference. And whether there will ever be tape of such a thing or if that person is, is not, actually, wasn't the subject of his abuse, why won't he put her forward? Will can we expect to hear from her? Because you guys out there know, if you were wrongly accused of hitting or punching a girlfriend and you didn't do it, you would go to her and say, please tell the world this is a lie.


Where is she? Why hasn't he, why didn't you ask Tim Miller? This media's too busy celebrating her girl boss moment to talk about the fact that on her arm she may be escorting a, a woman abuser right into the oval, the Easter egg hunt, Christmas tree party, all of that great. How many women are gonna get to go and have Doug Emh put their arm around them if she becomes president at the White House Christmas party and wonder whether he used that same arm to smack a girlfriend across the face because she allegedly placed her hand on the shoulder of a valet to get a cab.


I mean, thi this is just, we've fallen so far, I can barely hold on. I'm holding on by my fingertips to see a press corps that I recognize as vigorous and honest and not owned by anyone in power. As for the rest of the Harris interview on this sex podcast, which I realized as other things besides sex, but not many, I I don't, I've never listened to the second day of my life. My team has pulled soundbites, which I think might be too filthy for us to actually play. But I gave you the feel for what she does. The young host admits at the top to her credit that she's not the one who should be asking questions about the economy, immigration, or fracking.


Good, I appreciate that. And there might be a lane for her to ask questions. But in this position, a month out from the election, one has to stop and ask oneself, why did she come to me? Am I being used and do I really wanna be this person's stooge? Instead, what appears to have happened here was the host decided to make the en entire interview about the area she claims to know best women women's rights. Alright, I'm listening. Do you, like you say, you talk about it all the time. Actually, what that turned out to mean, not a surprise, given that this is an obvious leftist is one thing. Abortion. Abortion, abortion and more abortion. And sure enough, that is what we got.


We got the now off repeated lie that Georgia's abortion laws caused a young mother of one son to die as she was trying to abort her twins. In fact, she died of malpractice when after taking the abortion drug, she was forced to wait too long for a perfectly legal DNC by her Georgia doctors. Her family should sue over that. We got a lie from Kamala Harris that the GOP wants to take away women's birth control, which is not true. We got the host seemingly upset that Trump has called Ms. Harris names in the past, like dumb. The question was, how does that affect you when he calls you those names?


Well, gee, how do you think it affects Trump to be called a sexual predator by Kamala Harris, a fraudster, a criminal Hitler by her top surrogates and supporters? Might that warrant a response of she's crazy, she's fake, she's dumb, which are the adjectives the host brought up? You might wanna contextualize your question so that the audience has some idea that these didn't come out of nowhere. The host seemed particularly bothered by Trump telling women at a rally in Pennsylvania not long ago, that he would be their protector if he's returned to the Oval Office.


Harris was allowed to rail on how that was a lie because he's hands selected the three judges who participated in overturning Roe versus Wade in the Dobbs opinion. And that was exactly what this host wanted to hear. I wonder if the host cares anything, anything about issues affecting women other than abortion. Like does she care that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have changed Title IX with the stroke of their pen and they've allowed boys and men's to take over women's sports and redefined womanhood to begin with, and that Trump has promised to reverse that, that Trump is promised to remove men and boys from women's private spaces where they are being hurt all the time, raped in prisons, sexually assaulted in bathrooms and locker rooms, having their metals stolen, not to mention their innocence.


Do you care? Or is it all about killing the baby in utero? I just wonder, 'cause as a woman, I, I care about a lot of things. I I care about where the country is on abortion rights. I think it's an interesting topic, but I really care about what happens to the women once they are born and live their lives. Here's the, you know, you're, you en engage in an industry of filth from what I read. Here's terms, you can understand it in the young girls don't want a bunch of penises coming at them in their locker room. Okay? I know you love that. That's, that's the business that you're in talking about all the times you've been on the receiving end of one.


But I don't want it happening to my 13-year-old while she's trying to play soccer. You get that? Do you get it? Try to keep up because there are issues affecting women outside of the only one you give a shit about. Does this person know anything about the anti-sex trafficking law that Trump passed? Does she know he's promised a seriously increase sentencing for those who abuse women and girls down at the border as part of his immigration policies? How about the fact that we had no wars under Trump as opposed to under the Biden Harris regime where we expressed and showed weakness right off the bat with the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal leading.


Many experts have said directly to Putin feeling emboldened and invading Ukraine. Not to mention what happened in Israel. In Ukraine, at least 10,000 civilians have died, including 3000 women and almost 600 children. Does she care about that? Did could, could those women consider themselves better protected when Trump was in office? Not to mention the 1200 dead in Israel as of today, the one year mark, including almost 300 women and 29 children and those who died in the retaliatory campaign in Gaza. And that goes on beyond. All of this is so infuriating.


And what bothers me is the hypocrisy of it. The hypocrisy of it. They want you to end that podcast thinking Kamala Harris is the one who will protect women, who cares about women. And none of these issues is even brought up. The whole thing is designed to make Trump the devil and Harris the savior of women's rights. And it's infuriating.


Health has been a big topic around the country over the past few weeks, right? And one thing we don't talk about enough is how exercise plays a vital role in that. And it's not just cardio. We really need to look at strength training more muscle helps to boost metabolism and helps as we age. But let's face it, many are intimidated when it comes to lifting weights at a gym. Not to mention the fact that we're all busy and we don't necessarily have the time. This is where Jacked Up Fitness comes in. They bring the gym to you, a full machine that fits in your house and does it all. It's an all-in-one home gym. It allows you to do multiple strength training exercises. And best of all, it comes with access to their app, which includes multiple workouts where you just push play and follow along. Jacked Up Fitness is an American company and they're giving 900 machines this year to the Wounded Warrior Project. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and help veterans on their road to recovery, order your home gym today@getjackedup.com and enter code MK for a 10% discount on your own home gym.


Joining me now, Andrew Klavan, he's host of the Andrew Klavan Show. He's out with a new book, a highly anticipated mystery novel titled A Woman Underground, available now for Pre-order. Andrew, welcome back to the show. What do you make of my opening comments? Oh, It is good to see you. And I think, you know, this is one of the key issues of this election. This is one of the things this election is gonna decide. The American media has protected Kamala Harris far more efficiently than the Secret Service has protected Donald Trump. And one of the things I think that this election is going to decide is whether the people are going to ask to be lied to for another four years. Whether they're going to trust the same media that lied to them about Donald, Trump and Russia that lied to them about Covid and the vaccine that has lied to them about Joe Biden and whether he was competent to hold office.


Do these people still have the sway that they used to have back in the day when the media controlled basically the flow of information? I personally don't think so. I'm kind of optimistic about this. I think when people look at Kamala Harris going on a dopey show like Call Her Daddy, I don't blame the girl and Call Her Daddy for interviewing her. That's a big opportunity for her. She has no capacity to do an intelligent political interview, so that's not a problem. But d don't, don't the people look at that and say, why is this woman who's asking not just to run the country, but to be the leader of the free world, why doesn't she face down the kind of hostile questions that Donald Trump faces down as he walks across the street? As he walks through his plane, he stops and talks to people who despise him.


But Kamala Harris goes on Stephen Colbert. She goes on places where she knows she's going to be treated with kid gloves. And I guess I'm wondering because I don't think I know, I don't think anyone knows the answer or will know the answer until the election is over. Are the people really suckers like this? Are they really going to let this woman unvetted almost completely get into the Oval Office? And I, you know, I'm hopeful that they're not going, it's not going to happen. I'm hopeful that over the weeks, you know, I understood the surge of emotion that came upon the Democrat Party when a dead candidate Joe Biden was removed for a living candidate Kamala Harris. I understood that that was kind of an up for them, but at some point, at some point it shouldn't take more than 30 days.


At some point he can't help but think, aren't the wise people among the Democrats going to say, oh, this is a fraud, this is a phony. I think you're absolutely right About one thing, Meghan, that Republicans can be terrible fools. They're outnumbered. The press has them, outnumbered the press takes any gaff they make and turns it into a major, major scandal where it doesn't matter what Kamala or Tim Wal says, they, they'll let it, they'll bury it. But still, I think you're absolutely right that the GOP has done a bad job of defining what it is that makes Kamala Harris so bad. They throw out words like radical, which don't really have any resonance. They do things like pick on the fact that she has no children, which is utter nonsense.


But they don't really get at the fact that this is a party that has become anti-American. This is a party that is, has a theory, they have a theory of anti-colonialism, that it's countries like America that are the problem. That America became strong by bleeding the weak by bleeding people of different colors and it's America that needs to be weakened and destroyed. And American allies were the problem. And Kamala Harris is one of these people. She believes these things. Tim Walsh is definitely one of them. He's appointed a man to help rejigger the education system in Minnesota who has said that America needs to be overthrown, American needs to be deconstructed and overthrown. So these are people who have beliefs that are antithetical to what a majority of Americans left and right believe.


And the GOP has not done the job it should do in bringing this out. If they're waiting for the press to do it, don't hold your breath 'cause it's not gonna happen. But I think you are absolutely right that they have not guided their attacks in the kind of sharp, incisive way they need to, to get people to see who this really is. She, she's a bad hat and she does not love this country that she's asking to lead. You know, I wouldn't be giving this host a hard time if she said, I don't, you know, like some of these guys that Trump has sat with, they haven't asked him tar hard questions, but they own it. They're like, shit, I don't know anything about anything. Let's talk about drugs, let's talk. Right? Okay. That what this person said was, I'm not gonna get into fracking the economy or immigration 'cause that's not my thing, but this is what she actually said.


I am all about women. This show has been rooted in supporting women and talking about women and lifting women up. And then it's, she goes on to say, because there's no denying, we've always been underserved and we are second class citizens to men. We've been treated like second class citizens to men, the same old, you know, tropes. We've heard from sort of first wave and many wave feminists for a long time. Okay, great. Now you have my attention in a different lane, right? I, I was listening first as a journalist, but now you check that, so I get it. This isn't gonna be that kind of interview for now, but now you want my attention as a woman, okay? I'm paying attention to that. Everyone on the left, every, and she purports to wanna appeal to both leftists and Rightists on her show lefties and righties that she doesn't wanna get political.


A lot of the people, there's a major backlash against her today because she apparently does have some more conservative listeners once the show is gone, you know, to expand beyond discussing men's testicles, which is literally what she does. I, she probably got a couple of conservatives in there. She started to get a little bit more self helpy and she doesn't wanna lose them. So she comes out to say like, oh, you know, I thought a lot about whether I should do this. Well, I have a little lesson for you Madam Conservatives care about a lot more than whether they can kill their babies in utero. A lot like some of the issues that I just outlined. And instead what we got was this person coming out and calling herself the host, a privileged white woman that lives in Los Angeles.


So I'm very aware of that, okay? That's not how conservatives want to hear you talk about yourself. We're not obsessed with color or privilege or any of that nonsense. And they wouldn't allow Kamala Harris to get away with saying you don't have to abandon your faith or deeply held beliefs to agree with her position on abortion. That you can talk to your priest and still emerge totally fine with abortion. That's a fail madam. That's, you can defend abortion if you want, but not on those grounds. She gets a pass on it. She didn't know that Kamala Harris was the first sitting vice president ever go to PO Planned Parenthood. Why didn't you know that? I thought you were all about women's rights, right? Isn't that your Mecca?


Planned Parenthood? That's what every leftist woman loves and lifts up is Planned Parenthood. She let her get away with the contra contraception law. She get her a lie, she let her get away with the Amber Thurman lie. She let her get away with the, the nonsense about Trump saying that babies are dying on the table after birth. She teases it up saying in the debate, Trump claims some states are executing babies after birth. Can you just clarify as though Kamala Harris is this independent witness who's just gonna clear it up for her and Kamala re returns with more of a nonsense answer that doesn't acknowledge babies are being allowed to die on the table post birth ladies pay attention.


Here's that exchange. I do wanna clarify something in the debate. Former President Trump claimed that some states are executing babies after birth. Can you just clarify? That is not happening anywhere in the United States. It is not happening and it's a lie. Just, it's a boldfaced lie that he is suggesting that can, can you imagine, can you imagine he's suggesting that women in their ninth month of pregnancy are electing to have an abortion.


Are you kidding? That is, that is so outrageously inaccurate and it's so insulting. Okay, I Andrew, my point is, if you're gonna do, if your say your lane is all about women and you introduce these topics, a modicum of information should be thrust into your brain. Try to put around, put away the discussions about the testicles for two minutes and think about your research. Alright? Execute may not be the right word, but there is an issue of born alive babies being allowed to die without the doctors surrounding them on the table doing anything to help them.


It's happening in multiple states, including her running mate's home state of Minnesota, where 24 babies have been allowed to die on the table since 2015. Tim Walsh reversed the mandate that they be helped in 2023 and also pulled all reporting requirements. So we have no idea it could be double 24 by this point because they no longer have to tell us how many babies born after a botched abortion are allowed to just die with no help on the table. It's, you know, I, I don't even know what the word is that I'm looking for. Is it, it's, it's hypocrisy. It's laziness. It's this newfangled like I am woman, hear me roar.


Because you get a very successful podcast and good, good for her. I, I beret sure none of her su success. But if you're gonna venture over into a lien that could determine the future of the country and you are going to bring up issues that could determine people's votes, do your homework. I, you know, just to, to give a little sympathy to this woman, she's obviously a dope. I mean that's the first thing she asked Kamala Harris to name a law that restricted the bodies of men the way an anti-abortion law would, I guess restrict the bodies of women. And my first thought was, well there's a law saying I can't use my body to kill someone else's body. I mean, there's a, a law that restricts the bodies of men in the same exact way that an anti-abortion law restricts the bodies Of women.


Well, lemme ask you this, Andrew. How do you think it would go for maybe not you? 'cause you like I am longer in the tooth. How do you think it would go for Spencer if we got into an all-out war with Iran in the Middle East and we had to implement the draft, do you think Spencer would be able to say, my body, my choice? I'm not going pretty sure that affects his body in a pro profound way. But consider this for just a minute, that those lies that Kamala was just telling about the fact that babies can be left to die in Minnesota, as you said, Tim Wal oversaw taking out the restriction of keeping a baby alive. It was taken out of the law in Minnesota. It was in there and then they took it out so that babies can be left to die and they have been left to die.


But consider this at the debate between Trump and Kamala Harris, the moderators from one of our major news outlets also is supported that lie. They also let that lie pass and actually said, oh no, this, this doesn't exist anywhere. They basically said what Kamala said on that podcast. So you're being a little hard on this podcasting dope with our, our major journalists from our, one of our mainstream networks did the exact same thing thing. Fair point. No, fair point. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, she does have her areas of expertise. I mean, I'm not gonna take that away from her. Here's a sample of some of her work in slot 16.


How do you work with the balls and the asshole? Okay, so on a man, so The balls like, it really depends on the guy he does. Like some guys don't like it. Yeah, some have less sensitivity and you can tug on them. Yes. Put them all in your mouth. Like, yeah, some guys, other guys are like, fuck yeah, it hurts whenever you try to do it And. It's So interesting to always see like the difference in the balls. 'cause some have like really tight, smaller, smaller ones and then other really saggy, Interesting fact. But Mike, I don't know if this is every guy, but he has something that we call like morning balls in the morning. They're like super tight, like sucked up, like looks like a 12-year-old. Wait what? Yes, they're like really tight and perky in the morning and then at nighttime they're like down slowly sagged down and they're like all saggy out like RFA balls. Wait, That's so interesting.


I'm sorry, this Is disgust. Now I gotta pour bleach in my ears for that. This is Disgusting. Who, what kind of a person? Like very classy, very classy and very classy of Kamala Harris to sit down with a person. Weird that the subject of Doug mh h's balls did not come up. Does he have morning balls? Did he, when he banged the nanny, however, is balls like when he was abusing his ex-girlfriend? What has happened to us? I'm a little disappointed that she didn't ask those questions. That would've been at least a more interesting interview than the ones we've been getting from Kamala Harris. But again, don't, don't you think, don't you think that people are looking at this and see that this is a dodge, that they are being mistreated, they're the voter is being disrespected here.


I mean, it's not, it's not Kamala Harris is being disrespected. It's not Donald Trump, it's not this girl running the podcast. It's the people who have a right to know what this woman is going to do at three o'clock in the morning when we find out that Iran has launched a missile, not just at Israel, but at us. You know, that's the job she's running for. She's not running for Mala, you know, she's not running to be our, our our maiden aunt. She's running to run a country that has been driven into a serious state of disrepair and crisis on, on her watch, on the watch of her administration. And it's no good saying, well, she was just the vice president. The president himself has said she was in on everything. She was far as he was concerned. He, she was just as qualified as he is, which I would agree with.


She is just as qualified as he is. But I think that, you know, I I just, I just have to wonder, and I think if we have a country in which people can watch what you just showed and watch the kind of conversation that Kamala Harris is opening herself to and say, yes, you know that by golly that's the lady I want in the White House, then maybe, you know, unfortunately we get what they deserve. I mean, I think that that's, that is the question. At some point, at some point when you've been lied to once, twice, three times, four times on major, major issues as the American news media has lied to us over the last four years, five years, eight years on several issues of tremendous importance, once you've been shut up and silence and once you've seen how people are silenced who disagree with the agenda that's being put forth by the media, do you not say, I'm done, I'm not voting for these people, even the people who hate Donald Trump.


I can understand why people don't like Donald Trump. I can't understand why they would vote for Kamala Harris. What has she said? What has she done? What has she accomplished that they support? The only people I can see supporting Kamala Harris with a full heart are the people who stormed onto the campuses after October 7th a year ago and said, wow, we really are vote, you know, we're rooting for Hamas. We really want all these Jews to be killed. We think this is great anti-colonialism. Those are the people I guess can support Kamala Harris, but who else is looking at her and thinking, yep, that's my president because of the things that she has said and done. And so this this podcast, it's indicative, I mean, if she goes on Stephen Colbert, if she goes on places where they basically just wanna promote her because they haven't got the brains, God gave a goose.


You know, I, I guess this is part of that. If that's what you're gonna fall for, that's what you're gonna fall for. But there must be, there has to be for this country to continue. We have to please beg God that there is a large contingent of people even to the left of center who are looking at this and saying, I just can't pull the trigger on this. I cannot put a vote in for this empty woman who really is hiding a very, very radical agenda, a very anti-American agenda behind these soft soap interviews and these soft soap answers. Here is the clip that they have released ahead of the 60 Minutes interview.


There are two actually now. The one they released over the weekend was about Netanyahu. And whether he's a close ally, look at SAT 17 But. it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. Do we have a, a real close ally in Prime Minister Netanyahu?


I think with all due respect, the better question is do we have an important alliance between the American people and the Israeli people? And the answer to that question is yes. Okay, so she won't call Netanyahu an ally, and I have no idea what the first part said. She's, she makes no sense. I'll say one thing on the Sex podcast, she made sense because it was her favorite issue too. Kamala Harris loves abortion. She loves talking about abortion. And by the way, she was definitely edited on that show. There's no doubt in my mind they cleaned up her answers. You could tell on some of the clipped answers that they had done, or a solid of clipping, which should be disclosed.


In any event, she made no sense on a topic that's really important, the Middle East and then refused to call Netanyahu an ally. So it doesn't seem like it's going very well. We're gonna see the 60 Minutes interview tonight instead of last night because the show was preempted due to some special, and there's a possibility now you tell me, Andrew, that the reason we now hear she's going on the view Howard Stern and Colbert tomorrow is that it didn't go so well for her when she sat down with 60 and she's anticipating needing to change the narrative. It, it never goes well with her when she has asked any serious question.


I mean, it really doesn't, I cannot remember a shining moment when Kamala Harris was challenged by a not all together in the tank journalist and came back with an answer that made you think, wow, this really woman really has a grasp on the issues. And this Israel issue, this war in the Middle East that started, as you say, because of Joe Biden's weakness, this is one of the most serious issues that exposes who these people are. You know, I won't, I don't wanna go back too far into the past, but there's a way in which this war which, and this is the anniversary of October seventh, so it's worth talking about. Yes, there, there's a way in which this war is Barack Obama's war, Ash DEA was put in a halfway house for eight months, sentenced to eight months in a half house for nothing, for a minor campaign contribution of fraction.


Because he pointed out that if you read Obama's works closely, you will see that he's an anti-American, anti-colonial who colonialist, who thinks America has to be weakened and cut back in order for the smaller countries of the world to be free. And in keeping with that philosophy, the reason they put Dinesh in jail for that, for saying that is 'cause it was absolutely 100% true. And in keeping with that philosophy, he sought to strengthen the terrorist, American hating country of Iran who wants to destroy Israel, but only on the way to destroying us. Donald. Trump took the agreement that Obama worked so hard to put in place with Iran, an agreement that Netanyahu said would pave the way for Iran to get a nuclear weapon.


He said it won't block the way, it will pave the way to Iran to get a nuclear weapon. Donald Trump repealed that agreement and put sanctions on Iran that kept them helpless for four years, kept them quiet for four years. The minute Biden got back in office, he gave all the money back, he gave all the, took all the sanctions away and put that agreement back in place so that Iran is now apparently hours away from making a nuclear weapon. That philosophy, that philosophy that has strengthened the America hating country of Iran is the same philosophy that brought the students out into the quads on October 7th cheering for the murder of Jews and the rape and murder of women murders so heartless, so cruel that they're almost unbearable to think about.


And yet there were, those students were cheering 'em because they're being taught the same things by the same professors who taught Obama the same kinds of, of professors who taught Obama. This is what Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh also believed that this country is the problem. That Iran can be strengthened and make the Middle East a better place. That it's, it's obvious there are still, I think 97 hostages in place. It, it's common decency. You don't even have to be a geopolitical genius. It's simple common decency that you do not negotiate with these people. That you do not call for a ceasefire, that you back Netanyahu up 100% until every damn one of those hostages are released. And instead they're picking on Netanyahu.


He's the problem, he's the problem somehow. And they have, you know, he must be running Netanyahu must be running in places on his back for them to stab him because they have been done nothing but stab him since this debacle began. And when people are drowning in North Carolina and in Georgia, their houses are being wiped away. And Kamala Harris is issuing statements about the poor Lebanese who are suffering because Israel is doing what it has to do to fight Hezbollah. Who is Iran, just like Hamas is Iran. It, it just shows you that they're not on track to support this country. That they're asking you to put a woman in the Oval Office who does not feel that this country is the last best hope on earth.


And it, you know, I don't mind if some radical professor wants to have hold that idea, but I think electing presidents who do not believe in this country like we did with Obama, I think it's a big mistake. I think when you have a president, when you have someone leading the country, he should love the country. He should put this country first. He should wanna build it up. He should wanna make America great again. And I don't think there's any chance that Kamala Harris wants those things either openly, philosophically, or deep down in her heart. And I think it's a dangerous thing, and I think she has revealed it at times. But this is what the press is hiding. This is what the press is doing. So much work to keep from us is that she is not on our side, but she wants to lead us very dangerous situation.


She wouldn't even say Israel. Israel is our, is our very close ally. Yeah, she just talked about the Israeli people, which there is a distinction there that she's trying to get around. I mean, it's amazing to me one year after this horrific terrorist attack on Israel that took the lives of so many innocents we're in the place where our possible next president won't say that Israel or Netanyahu are close allies, gives us a bunch of gobbly gook. I don't know what she said. Our work has resulted in movements. I I have no idea what she was saying and I don't think she did either. As Trump said about Biden and that really the Hamas propaganda campaign, which was incredibly effective, continues to lead to massive demonstrations in the streets of America and around the world in their favor.


You know, the, if you went back and asked Hamas though it's been blown apart by Israel, you know, in retaliation for what Hamas did. If you went back and asked whoever's left, was it worth it? I don't think you'd find one to say no. I think they'd all say yes, it was worth it. Look at the worldwide sympathy for them that's been generated. What happens every time Israel goes to war Every time. And since the beginning, since Israel's founding, it has happened. Every time we have stopped them from the victory that they need to complete the defense of their country. We say they have the right to exist, but that's soft. Why? You know, that's nothing that the the right to exist. Everybody has the right to exist.


Do they have the right to exist as a Jewish state and not be under fire and not have people trying to obliterate them? You know, it is, it is amazing to me that there are those on the right. The groupers, the antisemites who basically support, who call themselves America first and yet support the people who say death to America But. it is not amazing. It is not amazing that the left supports Iran and, and despises Israel. This is the important thing for people to understand. This is not an accident. This is not like if they only knew, this is not like, oh, if you could just open their eyes, then people wouldn't be saying, oh, we're queers for Palestine, we're queers would be killed. Or women for Palestine where women would be virtually enslaved.


It's not that they're ignorant, it's that they have been taught a philosophy that makes good evil and evil good. That's, that is the problem that in our universities, people are being taught a philosophy. Obama was one of them that actually makes good, bad and bad good. And, and it's, it's so important for people on the right to understand. I think JD Vance understands it, but I'm not sure that Donald Trump quite grasps it to understand that we're dealing with a philosophy that is antithetical to the health of America. And it's not stupidity, it's not the fact that they don't know which river and which sea they're chanting about. It's about the fact that they have been taught to see the world ideologically in a certain way that makes us the villains in the world.


It, the, the ideology isn't true. It isn't true that countries become powerful by leaching off the weak. What is true is that countries that are powerful sometimes spread in power over the week and sometimes that's very helpful. I think the British Empire was actually a net positive to the world. I think the America, American is not, America's not an empire, but I think America had, Gemini has been a good for the world. There is nobody in any university, in any major university in America who agrees with me. And so when they're teaching our students, our young people for the money, we pay them the money the federal government gives them. They're teaching our young students this hatred of America, which also is hatred of Israel, which also is hatred of the Jews because all of those entities represent the West and its freedoms and it's the freedoms that have made us as strong as powerful as we Are.


Yeah. Alright. We have more with Andrew coming up, including President Biden's message from the White House and President Trump returns to Butler. What an appearance.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it's a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name and then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or by using the link below.


This is an ad from Better help. Unfortunately we don't get an owner's manual for ourselves. There are no simple instructions for what to do when we feel down or when we have relationship problems or family conflicts. That's when therapy can help. And better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit better help.com to learn more. That's better. HEL p.com.


Kamala Harris is out there Friday. Like, it's interesting to me because I think she's having a change in strategy right now. And Jen Psaki seemed to be suggesting the same. But I do think it's interesting that suddenly she's, she's blanketing the field when it comes to media. Not real journalism, but you know, I mean going on The view is obviously not real journalism. Colbert, same Howard is a fun show. He'll ask her some serious questions, but he's obviously a fan. But you know, you know what you're getting when you go on those programs and she's doing more of it than she has. So I, to me that tells me yes, possibly 60 didn't go well. But I think zoom out and what it tells me is the campaign's not going well, the numbers are not moving and she's gotta do something else.


Because if she thought she were winning, she would certainly not be taking the, the risks of speaking without her prompter. You know, she doesn't like to do that and she's not good at it. In fact, there was an, an issue with, was she in Detroit just the other day where she tried to speak and she was on prompter and she felt good. She was in Flint, Michigan and you could see the prompter froze and panic set in. She can't do it without that prompter. Here's that moment. Look at this Here. Neely, Senator sa, Senator Peters representative Slotkin, who we will elect to the United States Senate. She still got, she still has a prompter there. Sit 32 Days until the election hair freezes Uncomfortable.


Pause, be deep sigh. So 32 days. 32 days. Okay, we got some saying it business to do. We got some business to do. Alright. 32 days. Wow. And we know we will do it. And, and this is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. This is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. We are the underdog and we know we have some hard work ahead. But here's the thing about us. We like hard work. We like hard work.


Hard work is good work, hard work is good work. And with your help in November we will win. We'll win. We're not playing around. I'm so embarrassed for her Andrew. Like she, you could imagine if cr Cr cringe moment. Yeah, right? Like imagine if she had to sit in front of your microphone and do your show for one day. Just not, not as a guest, just as you speaking extemporaneously about issues of the day without that prompter. 32 days. 32 days, 32 days.


And then in front of a, the only reason she gets away with it is because the crowd is adoring of Democrats. So she can get away with saying hard work is good work hard work is good work and get like a bunch of people to cheer that nonsense. Compare it to Donald Trump too. You know, I get frustrated with Trump sometimes, especially during debates when he hasn't got the detailed responses that I want him to have. 'cause sometimes in the Kamala Harris debate, she just left herself open to be sliced and diced and he couldn't quite bring that to bear. But he talks to everybody all the time. And you said quite rightly, he talks to people who are friendly toward him, but he also talks to people who just despise him. And he does talks off the top of his head.


He's not afraid to say what's on his mind. And one of the things that I think is actually incredibly appealing about Donald Trump is you know you're getting Donald Trump. There's nothing phony about the guy. I mean, you can hate him. You can love him, but there's certainly nothing phony about him and Kamala Harris, where is she? Who is she? What does she actually like? We have no idea. We have no clue whatsoever. And every time, every single time she was without a prompter or gets a question that comes outta left field and she doesn't see it coming, she falls. She unravels completely. She's like a, a ball of wool in the hands of a kitten. She just is taken to, to pieces. And, you know, I compare her to Trump, but also compared to JD Vance, who's an educated, articulate man who does have a grasp of the facts, and it's just embarrassing.


It's embarrassing to think that she could be representing this country. She, as she's out there campaigning, like almost at the same mo moment, Joe Biden comes for the first time ever into the white House briefing room and decides to start speaking to the press. And there's been a lot of speculation. I don't think it's crazy about whether this was an intentional attempt to undermine her, because here was the message you'd think this would be a plus. But given his approval ratings and how people feel about this economy and the border, et cetera, it's not, it's not a, it's, it, it's not a nice thing to do. Here's what he said. Can you talk about how your vice president, who is running for the presidency, has worked on these crises and what role she has played over the past several days?


Well, she's, I'm in constant contact with her. She's aware we're we all, we're singing from the same song sheet. We, she helped pass the, all the laws of being employed. Now she was a major player in everything we've done, including passage of legislation, which we were told we could never pass. And so she's been, and her, her staff is interlocked with mine in terms of all the things we're doing. It took about two seconds for Team Trump to release this ad. I'm in constant contact with her. She's aware we're we all, we're singing from the same song sheet.


We, she helped pass the, all the laws of being employed. Now she was a major player in everything we've done. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. I mean, on the, on the other side, what was she, what was he supposed to say? You know, like she'll, she'll make a big change from my terrible policies. It's kind of hard to imagine what he could have answered. You know, thank God she'll rescue America from my terrible policies. I really don't think she's done anything. I gotta be honest. I think the one thing they asked her to do is be the border czar. She stunk, she didn't do anything. And that, that she's had no responsibility. I really do that. That's what I think. I don't think they used her. She's a ribbon cutter. The vice president normally doesn't do anything unless her name is Dick Cheney.


So I don't even count that job as part of her experience. I'm stuck with her In 2019 when she was running for the top job, she told us how she felt about everything. And I don't think she's really had any experience since then. She sat there not doing anything about the border and not doing anything else. And now she wants to like sort of say she's this important person, eh, eh, really? And there's really nothing to look at to see that she could be a, an able president of the United States. Listen to CNN reacting to the fact that as they were just about to go to the Harris campaign speech, Biden chose to come out. Watch. I do have a, a note and I'm, I'm curious what you think about this. We were actually about to go live to Vice President Kamala Harris, who's speaking right now in Detroit, Michigan.


And apparently she's talking about this port strike ending. She's trying to appeal to union workers, and yet you have the president of the United States come out clearly overshadowing her, answering significant questions. Is that a communications mistake? Is, is the left hand not talking to the right hand in this situation? That's a very good point. And if they were coordinated as you assume they would be, this would not have happened. It is interesting. It's, it's not too big a guess that Biden just hates her. You know? I mean Right. He obviously feels forced out of office. He actually believed he could win even after that disastrous debate.


You know, she and, and Kamala Harris did everything she could to bolster him up for as long as she could. But he was basically thrown out by his own party. It was a coup. And I don't think he's taken it well. Also, he hasn't got the cognitive coherence anymore to hide that fact. I don't think he can actually hide his rage. I thought the takeoff they did of him on Saturday Night Live was probably pretty close to the truth where he was screaming, I don't want go. I didn't want to go. I think that that's probably probably where he's at about now. So it wouldn't surprise me at all if he just hates this woman. We've got some good SNL clips. We'll play in a minute. But, so you've got Kamala trying to like generate excitement out there in Flint and Michigan.


It doesn't go well. She loses prompter, then she gets overshadowed by her former boss. Well, current boss, he's still president. And at the same time you've got the 60 minutes interview, which we'll see tonight, the new interview strategy as of tomorrow. I mean, this is a big change. She's been doing almost nothing. So this is a lot to have added. I can't wait to see how it goes tonight. 'cause if it goes relatively well and smoothly, it'll mean it's a legit change in strategy for the campaign. If 60 is a disaster, it will mean that what she's doing tomorrow is an attempt to distract from what happened on CBS. So, we'll, we'll know in 24 hours. But surprisingly, they also put out Tim Waltz, the emotional security support governor went over by himself to Fox News and sat down with Shannon Bream on the Sunday show and told a bunch of lies.


Here's one example, the Minnesota abortion law where he made sure you could abort your baby all the way through the ninth month and made sure that if after that abortion it were born nonetheless alive, you could let it suffer to death on the table. No requirement for lifesaving care. Shannon brought that up and sought 18. You signed the bill that makes it legal through all nine months. Is that a position you think Democrats should advocate for? Nationally? Nationally? Look, the vice president and I have been clear the restoration of Roe versus Wade is what we're asking for. This is A woman's right, but that all goes army on Roe Wade To make her own choice. The law does, the law is very clear. It does not change that, that was been debunked on every occasion.


But wait, wait, this is age, wait, but let's, Let's agree. What you signed is there's not a single limit through nine months of pregnancy, Roe had a trimester framework that did have limits through the pregnancy. The Minnesota law does not have that. This puts, this puts the decision with the woman and her healthcare providers. This doesn't change anything. It puts the decision back on to the woman. But you do it now, if it takes out the language about preserving the life of an infant who was born alive, Every doctor has an ethical responsibility to provide what they can in each situation. That is the way the law is written out. No, it isn't. That doesn't even mean make sense to provide what they can in each situation. What does that We read the statutory language to our audience last week.


We read the exact language they used to have to provide life-saving care, and now they don't because of his strikeouts in the law. He signed in 2023 and he also got rid of the reporting requirement. So we know how many babies this is happening to. Just a bunch of lies. You know, I guys at the Daily Wire are making fun of me about this, but I find this guy so creepy. I find something, it's not just every, almost every word, word tucker said outta his mouther. Oh my. You know, I was, I was joking about it on one of the shows about how I keep waiting for Clarice Starling to show up, take him away, because he just seems like the kind of guy who was a girl in an ette in his basement. But I, I just, every word that comes out of his mouth is a lie.


That big eyed, you know, looked like he got caught in the headlights. There is just something so creepy about this guy and you can tell it. It really is there by the fact that the press keeps telling us what a regular guy he is. He's a coach, he's a, you know, he wears flannel shirts. He's a guy, he carries a gun and all this. And I just keep thinking, ugh, you know something, you know, it's very cruel. If you ever watch, I'm sure you have watched little boys in school. They know immediately when some guy's not right. You know, they start to bully him. They throw 'em out of the group. They can be very mean about it. That's the way I feel about this guy. You know, I feel like if he came to my, if I'm in elementary school, he's the kid, I'm gonna start bullying, you know, because there's just something wrong.


Yeah. I mean, honestly, like, especially when you realize he put tampons in your bathroom as a, as a boy. So Then, yeah, that's a giveaway. Yeah. Shannon, Shannon brings up the subject of his many, many lies. She, she strings a couple of them together to see what he'll say and here's how that went. You've modified your story or explained that you misspoke about things involving your military rank, about carrying a weapon in war. Your 1995 DUI arrest using IVF to have your beautiful children Gus and Hope being in Hong Kong and China in the summer of 1989 during the Tiananmen events. What do you say to the American people who think I I I don't know that I can trust this guy with all those modifications?


Well, to be the potential commander in chief of this country, Well, I think they heard me, they heard me the other night speaking passionately about gun violence and, and misspeaking and, and I gotta be honest with you, Shannon, I don't think people care whether I used IUI or IVF when we talk about this. What they understand is Donald Trump would resist those things. Look, I speak passionately. I had an entire career, decades before I was in public office. They know. And I'm very proud of my 24 years in service and my records. I will own up when I misspeak. I will own up when I make a mistake. Let's be very clear on that debate stage. The other night I asked one very simple question and Senator Vance would not acknowledge that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election. I think they're probably far more concerned with that than my wife and I used IUI to have our child.


So I speak passionately, I speak passionately, people don't care. I'm proud of my service. I will own up when I misspeak. I mean, it's amazing to me. I'd love if, if I had 'em, I have to say I'd probably not string 'em together. I'd probably zero in, in particular on the retired command Sergeant Major. You said it. I mean, I, it's so many times I've lost count. I would string the butted soundbite together of what we actually have of him on Cam. And then I'd have all the written examples in front of me. And then I'd ask him, are you really asking this audience to believe that each one of those was you, quote misspeaking? Isn't it more likely that you intentionally overstated the rank that you had achieved?


And can you understand why military veterans are upset about it? I mean, he, there's no answer to that. You can't, it's just more everything the guy says he's pathological Andrew is a lie. You know, it's, it is absolutely true. First of all, that's why he hasn't come on your show. And if he does come on your show, yes, please have security because I'm telling you, the guy is really off somehow. I don't, I feel like I wouldn't be his target, But I just, I just think the kinds of things he lies about really are offensive. I mean, the last time you and I were talking, I was saying, you know, I I was given a T-shirt by the hundred first Airborne. I won't wear it outta the house. 'cause I'm afraid that people might think I was serving in that unit.


You know, I just, I'm just not gonna do it. And I think that he's the things he lies about, about being in Hong Kong during Tiananmen Square and then he said, oh, I got the dates wrong. That's like getting the date of nine 11. Wrong, you know, if you're somewhere on nine 11, right? You know it, you know where, where you are. He, he lies and he lies with that kind of weird childlike irresponsibility. Like he's never going to be caught. He's actually not ready for prime time. He's not ready for, for a national showing except for the fact that the press, again, has drawn a circle around him and is trying to draw a circle around him anyway. And has just like they've done for Kamala Harris. The press really is the problem. It's funny, it's boring in a way to say the press is the problem. 'cause people are always blaming the press and people always say, well, both sides hate the press.


I don't think that's true. I think our press is corrupt and it's corrupt in one direction. Jen Psaki liked it. She decided that what we need in this change of strategy we're seeing from Harris Waltz is more Walls. Watch this. Former President Obama's gonna be out on the campaign trail. Liz Cheney was with her out on the campaign trail. Are you starting to, are you anticipating a strategy shift? We've already seen them announce this, which I think is a great thing. Vice President Harris has a number of interviews she's doing over the next couple of weeks. Wal Tim Walls, who I think is a huge asset who hasn't been tapped into nearly enough for the last month is going to be out there. Is he, Is he though, is he a huge asset? I mean like sooner or later you might get somebody who really gets to drill down, you know, with him on one of these.


It'd be great to just, here's my recommendation. If anybody you know, gets him and is an honest broker, just, just take one category. Take just the abortion or just immigration or just the lies and drill, drill, drill, drill. Because the way he gets away with it is just, you can only ask like one or two questions on it and then you have to move on as the interviewer. 'cause you wanna cover a lot of ground. But if you really, like, I would love to show him, show him the language of the Minnesota abortion law. Look at it. You're the governor, you signed it, that you're way more familiar with this than I am. Why did you remove the part that says must give lifesaving care that's no longer in there. Now what did you understand you were doing? It's your loss, sir, right?


Like, or take the lie. Like how could you not remember that you were not in tianmen? I mean, we're on the one year anniversary of ten seven. You know, if you were in Israel on ten seven, you would know because people were being murdered all around you. Children, babies, innocence, sitting and waiting for the bus. You'd know same as Tianmen. Frankly, the death toll wasn't as high. But the, the slaughter was absolutely shocking at the hands of the government. You'd know how could, how could you have screwed that up over and over? Like, press it a little and see what he says. Yeah, and you know the question for me, when people lie, sometimes people lie. I think walls does this a lot.


He lies to aggrandize himself to make himself seem like more than he is and to make him seem more normal than he obviously is. But I think people also like to hide stuff. And I think that this is the whole question of this campaign is what are they hiding? And as I said before, I think they're hiding a very anti-American agenda. You know, these last four years have been very upsetting in some ways, not because of the failure of policies. Jimmy Carter had failed policies, but he didn't hate the country. He's just made a mistake. He didn't know how things worked. He didn't actually know what made economies better, what made countries more secure. That that's not what's happening now. This is an actual attack on our sovereignty and on our ability to be the leader of the free world and maybe even the leader, the hegemonic leader of the world in general.


And I think that this is a, again, a philosophy that has been piped down from the upper reaches of academia through the press, through the media, and has taken hold on a lot of the intellectuals and a lot of the intellects in our administrations and in our leadership. And I, I think that that's the sort of sort of thing we should be going after. We should be exposing what they really believe. Why would you say, why would you say that Lebanon should be the center of our sympathies when not only is Israel the one under attack, but North Carolina and Georgia are underwater. Why would you say that? Why would you say that the border, that it shouldn't be illegal to cross the border illegally. Why is that?


So why would you want, wanna protect people as they're doing in California where they've made it against the law to check somebody's ID as he comes to vote? You know, when I was a kid, I wish they would've done that in liquor stores, but now they wanna do it in it's against the law to check someone's ID when he comes in to vote. Why would you do that and why is there not one journalist who asks that question or asks the even more important question? Who's running the country who right now is running America? You know, it's amazing to me. This is, you know, I was a journalist for a period of time, a short period of time. But I was a journalist and I was okay. I was full of curiosity. I wanted to know. I didn't trust anybody. I didn't trust anybody in power. Why is not one journalist at any major venue saying who's running the country?


Who is making the decisions in this country? It's clearly that I Have a theory on that. Okay, I have a theory. Yeah, my theory is the left does not want to go there because they don't want her elevated up to the presidency between now and election day. Because it'll be a lot harder for voters to say she's not responsible for any of this. Like if she's the sitting president and things don't start turning around right away, that doesn't, that's not good for her. So the left doesn't want it and the right doesn't want it because it will elevate her in a way that has the risk of making people not wanna fire the first female black president after one or two months in office.


So they're just like, head down, we're gonna have to stick with the guy who's in there because there's some risk in her being elevated for us. So both sides have an interest in not pushing it. That's, that's a really interesting thought that if everybody has an interest in keeping quiet about it. But it does make me curious because I wanna know who was running the country before we suddenly discovered to our shock and surprise that Joe Biden wasn't capable of doing it. 'cause it's been a long time. I mean, remember Kamala and all the rest of 'em lied to us for a long time about just how sharp this Joe Biden, who was the best of all possible. Joe Bidens was before we found out. So who does run the country? I mean, is this, is this a new idea that we're supposed to have that there's just some blob of a bureaucracy that runs the country without any elected leadership?


I, I suspect it is. I mean, that's all we heard during the Trump administration from the New York Times. Let's thank God we have an unelected government that's stopping Donald Trump from doing what the electors want him to do. But it, you know, it's a really good theory, Meghan. I think you're probably exactly right, but I do wonder myself, like what are we supposed to think? It, it, how are we supposed to think this country works now? Is the president just a figurehead? Is there somebody else that we can turn to? Is there somebody else we can hold responsible and vote out of office when they get it wrong? Because I, I don't know who that would be. And so I, I guess I, I wanna know, because I wanna know when Kamala takes office, will it matter? Is it gonna change anything? Yeah. Does she have the power Or the Bill to change things?


We, yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I, I assume we'll see her a little more than we see the current guy because she is, you know, 60, she's not 20, you know, whatever he is 200. But I don't know because she's so awkward at the mic, they may just keep her underground. I do wanna get back to the New York Times because they, they did this unbelievable hip piece on Donald Trump and how old he's getting, I mean, the absolute nerve by the times. But before we leave her change in media strategy, there is some reporting that it's a definite shift as so Jen Psaki alluded to there NBC news, the headline is Harris's campaign plans to ramp up its negative messaging about Trump a new phase.


I mean like that's new. A new phase aimed at trying to move the small number of undecided voters her way, according to five Harris campaign officials driven in part by internal campaign data showing that sharper messaging against Trump could per, could persuade some still unsure Americans. The numbers aren't moving, quote unquote said a Harris campaign official speaking on the condition of anonymity. And on Friday in a campaign speech at the Redford Township Fire Department in Detroit, Harris said the following about Trump and union workers take a listen. We will not be fooled.


We will not be gaslighted. Donald Trump's track record is a disaster for working people and he's trying to gaslight people all over our country, but we know the facts and we know the truth. He is an existential threat to America's labor movement. That's, that's rich. I mean, I mean under Don Donald Trump, this first time that wages went up in decades is the first time that the gap between rich and poor narrow the first time that the gap between black and white narrowed. What, what does she, what on earth is she talking about? The working class got a bigger percentage tax cut rate than the more wealthy did.


The, it's, there's a reason that the s Union did not endorse her. And now the firefighters did not endorse her by the time she showed up. There was no endorsement waiting for her by a slim margin. The International Association of Firefighters declined to back any candidate. The union reps more than 300,000 career firefighters and emergency responders. They were the first to endorse Biden at the outset of his campaign against Trump in 2019. This time around nothing, which seems to clearly suggest it's another teamster situation where the membership backs Trump, but the leaders don't wanna say that.


So I don't know if this is her new sharper messaging, like he's an existential threat, like they've been saying all that stuff. There's, is there another tool in the arsenal to get meaner about Trump? Well it's, it is also kind of comical. I mean, I, 'cause I have a morbid sense of humor, it is kind of funny to watch them worry that Donald Trump will do things like try to put his political opponents in jail. You know, basically all they've tried to do is put Trump in jail. It's kind of amazing that they can get away with it. But I guess when you have a dishonest and corrupt press, you can get away with it. But. it is, it's sort of comical. I mean, everything that they accuse him of doing, they're doing. And if, if you talk to some left wingers as I occasionally do, they'll tell you, well that's okay because it's all right when you do it to Trump.


But it's not all right when you do it other, if you do it to anybody else, then suddenly magically becomes a threat to democracy. I really see, I'm, I'm kind of optimistic. I'm not usually optimistic about elections and I absolutely do not know what's gonna happen. I think it's completely unclear. I think you have a, when you guess you have a 50 50 chance of being, right? But right now it just does a gut feeling. I'm kind of optimistic because I think Trump is doing pretty well and I think he's sort of saying the things that he needs to say. And I think slowly by slowly ca Kamala Harris's the illusion of Kamala Harris is falling apart and people are remembering, oh yeah, we always hated her. They always hated her. The press hated her. The people hated her. She's never won vote for anything, you know, in, in terms of the presidential, her presidential run.


So I, I don't know, I, I think that right now, whatever they're doing is not only not working, I think it's also the opposite of working. I think she's actually losing, they say the pool polls aren't moving, but I suspect they are. I think they're moving in Trump's direction. Hmm. You can sense a bit of panic. Why else would we be seeing Tim Walls on Fox News? Why would it be we be seeing Kamala Harris on 60, which is a very big risk for her. Not to mention all those other places I just mentioned. And why else would we be seeing the New York Times, the New York Times try to go deep on Trump's age. May I remind this audience, which they already know 'cause we discussed this when they were refusing for quite some time to report on Biden and his age.


This is the paper that wrote the piece quote for Joe Biden, what seems like age might instead be Style, it might be a style thing. And, it went on. I mean it was very long And. it was very absurd. And they compared him to how in, in some cases the older artist revisits familiar themes with a new sense of playfulness and freedom. Like Henry Matisse making cutouts Shakespeare bending the rules of the game in the Winter's Tale and The Tempest or Bob Dylan reshuffling the pages of his songbook. So you see, so a late style they say is to highlight the way certain artists at the end of their careers and to renew in distinctive phase of creativity.


That's how they wanted us to look. He's Dylan, he's Matisse, but now they get to Trump. And yesterday the top story yesterday on the New York Times website was as follows, Trump's speeches increasingly angry and rambling reignite the question of age subtitle with a passage of time. The 78-year-old former president's speeches have grown darker, harsher, longer angrier, less focused, more profane, and increasingly fixated on the past according to a review of his public appearances over the years. Alright, now you're gonna love this. Here's a just a couple of things that they pull out.


According to a computer analysis by the times Mr. Trump's rally speech, now last an average of 82 minutes compared with 45 in 2016. That makes him older. You see Andrew, that's evidence of his advanced age that he can go longer proportionately, he uses 13% more, all or nothing terms like always and never than he did eight years ago. Which some experts consider a sign of advancing age, always and never. Those are no-nos if you wanna seem young. Similarly, he uses 32% more negative words than positive words.


Now compared with 21% in 2016, that doesn't, it makes no sense, which can be another indicator of cognitive change. You see he's more negative than positive, which means he's old. Then here's another one. He uses swear words 69% more often than he did when he first ran a trend that could reflect what experts call disinhibition. Well then I have it too because I use a lot more swears than I ever have in my, I too am I guess having dementia. He cites fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter and said, where's Johnny Carson bring back Johnny who died in 2005 and goes on about how attractive Carrie Grant was.


This is their evidence that Trump is too old and is in feeble. Well it's possible he's citing Hannibal Electric 'cause he's running against Tim Walls. But it's also just possible this is, you know, these may be signs of his being, his his replaying the like in like a Bob Dylan like way. Yeah, his changing up his songbook. The Trump songbook I, I'd like them to do. Yeah, Why isn't it his Dylan period? Andrew, I don't get it. This is Bob. Bob Dylan, period. It's obviously this, this is like him in the village, you know, in 1962. And I think, you know, I don't understand exactly, I'd like them to produce the article in which they said his speeches weren't angry, in which the New York Times said his speeches weren't negative and weren't angry.


And so they're really disappointed now because he's moved from being, it's just so sweet before her. He's just So sweet is she's gonna go negative now. Is she gonna get the same analysis that she's now gotten more negative than positive versus where she was three months ago? Well, That's just her, Bob Dylan, like artistic as she grows older, she's say kinda replay. But in Trump it's obviously dementia and decline insanity. It's, it's great. I mean the New York Times is a hilarious newspaper. I read it every day and get a lot of laughs out of it. It's, but it's, it's sad. Yeah, it used to be, it used to actually be, I know you're probably not old enough to remember this But, it actually used to be a good newspaper. Yeah, it's been a long, long time. There is some hope happening not at the New York Times, but I am somewhat encouraged, not like overly, but I'm somewhat encouraged to see Saturday Night Live get a little funny and take aim not just at the Republicans.


It seems like it's trying, it's of course much more pointed and nasty toward the Trump team than it is towards the Dems. But to do anything with the Dems is progress from where we were. They took on the VP debate this Saturday and here's a bit of that and saw 22. Okay, he's out there, he is doing his thing, whatever that may be. Okay, come on, just relax. You know, you haven't had a night off in three months. Do you wanna watch something less stressful like the Menendez Brothers show? I don't know Dougie, I kind of wish I had picked Josh right now. Oh, Josh Shapiro? No, Josh Cabernet Looks tll be fine.


It's not like he's gonna say something crazy. I've become friends with school shooters. She breaks the wine class. It's a good imitation too, actually. It's, Appreciate it. Oh, Jim Gavigan's very funny. It, it's nice, you know, it is nice to see because the fact that they have actually stopped making fun of one side. First of all, I think it's terrible for the country that there is no comedian on mainstream TV on late night TV making fun of the left. You know, everybody can laugh at himself if you're also laughing at the other guy, but if they're only attacking you night after night, you're gonna turn him off and you're gonna get angry and it's just, it's just loud.


Stephen Colbert is bad for the country. It is bad medicine to have some guy who's just promoting left-wing ideas and left-wing people and then constantly attacking anybody who thinks that Donald Trump is worthwhile. It actually is bad for the country. So it's really nice on that sense to see them laughing at the other side a little bit. But also the other side is funnier than we are. I mean, they are just more incompetent. They, they lie more, they're so comfortable in their cocoon of the press that they actually do expose themselves a lot more than we do. We have to be a lot more careful. Some of the stuff that you open the show with when you were talking about the mistakes that Republicans make, what like, you know, JJDV is talking about Cat Ladies and all this stuff. The only reason those mistakes get blown up so much is because they cover them so completely.


They keep covering them endlessly. Anytime somebody makes a gaff on the right or if somebody makes a gaff on the left, it's just the Bob Dylan phase. And I think that that's, you know, that it's really is bad for the country to have a media that only does that. And it's especially bad on the entertainment media where we all participate and we all wanna be entertained. And I'm willing to laugh at my fellow conservatives if they will also let me laugh at the left. And that would, that would be a healthy thing for both sides. Exactly. It's like all the fact checkers after that, after that VP debate fact-checking Tim Wal on his lies about Minnesota laws just keep saying needs context. The fact checks that are ha needs context Like the truth and They just context.


They repeat exactly what the accusations against him were. And as true, but like you've added no context. What you've done is you've fact checked him, is telling a lie without admitting that you just caught him in a lie. Here's a little bit more of an SNL with quote Tim Walsh and quote President Biden, You claimed you were in Hong Kong during the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre when you were home in Minnesota. Can you explain that? So I think what happened is I went to Epcot. You can go around The whole world and I, I had a couple in the Germany section and I thought I went to China anyway. I'm a knucklehead.


You've been watching this guy. Come on waltz. What's wrong with that guy? He's crazy. Get your facts straight, Jack. You gotta hit him with a no joke. Here's the deal. Let me be clear Nor Rich to say that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. When he peacefully gave overpower, we said no fact checking and willingly and willingly, don't check that. Gone on his plane without incident. Don't right after saving Obamacare, don't check that. Well, if, if we're allowed to s stand up here and lie, then I would like to say I actually was in Tanamen Square.


That's a fair joke. Yeah, right. It makes So much easier. All good. It does make you feel like there's like, okay, there's some hope that they realize, by the way, they've killed their entire genre, right? They've killed it. Like Colbert's dead, Kimmel's dead, all the late night shows are getting crushed by Gutfeld. They're starting to realize if the other way, the Colbert way is not the way, it's not a good business model. They're probably sick of losing. Well I'd almost say it means you should bring back Johnny Carson, but I wouldn't want the New York Times to think I was getting old. You know, I think that that was a, that was an actual thing. You know, my father was a, a comedian. He had a big radio show in New York and he would always hit one side and then the other side, even though he was a staunch left winger, Johnny Carson did the same thing.


He was a staunch democrat his whole life, but he always had a joke for the right and a joke for the left. And it's healthy. It's a healthy thing to do, especially when you have what is essentially a town square, like network television where people are gathered together of all different kinds of, and persuasions and it's just, it's just bad. It really does strike me, you know, with when I see Colbert and you have to hope, ultimately it's bad for their business model because what happens is the more you serve the left, the more you have to serve the left, right? The New York Times can't even run an op-ed that's slightly to the right because their readership is now so entirely left wing that they will be offended to hear an opposing opinion. So once you start doing that, once you start slanting And, it kind of builds on itself until finally that's your whole audience.


Audience and now you've got audience capture. You're stuck. Yeah. Playing to that audience again and again. We heard the M-S-N-B-C producer caught under cover last week by James O'Keefe saying exactly that he was a weekend producer for M-S-N-B-C saying, we can't, we can't, we can't really challenge the Democrats because our audience gets mad and we get a bunch of letters and you know, now he's like, we've made our viewers dumber. Okay, let's take a pause because I'm gonna squeeze in a quick break and then we're gonna come back and I wanna talk about Butler, which was, you wanna talk about joy? I mean it was, it was joyous And, it was profound. It was moving. That's next.


Let me ask you a question. Do you think our country's going in the right direction or does it feel like things are falling apart? If you are feeling alarmed, you're not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life have taken action to prepare for whatever is coming next. And that could start with having an emergency food supply. Storing food in your home can be valuable in this crazy time in America, which explains why so many people are preparing right now. You can get ready too with a three month emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey wheat bread, and mushroom rice Poff. Yum. The entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. Now this food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country will look like then, but you can know that you'll be ready for what comes go to prepare with megan.com right now. To order your three month emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply, that's prepare with megan.com.


This show, as you know, encourages honest conversations, which is not always easy in today's media environment with big tech companies deciding who and what gets amplified. But there is a news platform that prioritizes free speech and transparency without controlling the narrative, and it's called Ground News. Ground News is an app and website that aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Ground news reveals for every single story how media narratives are shaping the conversation and who is covering the topic. It makes it easier to navigate the news and may even be helpful to you. For the next time your liberal friends send you a headline from their favorite bias news source. They are offering our viewers 40% off their vantage plan right now, which gives you unlimited access to their website and app. Ground News is independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check them out@groundnews.com slash Megan. That's ground GOUD news.com/megyn ground news.com/megan.


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases, the most mysterious, are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers, and every Wednesday on my show the Deck I dive into the coldest of cold cases. Many of these victims didn't get the press coverage they deserve during the initial investigations, but I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light and that listener could be you. Listen to the deck now. Wherever you get your podcasts,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, the BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, these sports book Born in Vegas. bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply,


Andrew on Saturday. Former President Trump amazingly went back to Butler Pennsylvania. It's really incredible to hold a rally 12 weeks after he was nearly assassinated to the day, look at these shots of the huge crowd. According to Fox News, it was about 60,000 who showed up. The campaign used cranes to once again fly a massive American flag above the stage. When Mr. Trump took to the stage, he stood behind thick bulletproof glass. At one point during his speech, he also welcomed Elon Musk to the stage. Look at him jumping up for joy. He was jumping around before telling the crowd he's dark Maga and saying he believes Trump must win to preserve the Constitution.


Here are a couple of highlights from the night in. So one, A big thank you to Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania, and as I was saying, get astronauts into space. Come here, take over E's jumping, take fist, pumping after getting shot, fight, fight, fight. There's no need to down. He's dancing the Trump dance. Get yourself off the ground.


Wow. For those of you wondering, Elon's t-shirt, red Occupy Mars, think of what it must have taken Andrew for him to go back there and, and just get right back up and make a joke out of it. As I was saying, when he turned his head, You know, Elon Musk said this when they, when he interviewed him on X and said, you know, it's just inspiring what he did. And that's something that a president should be inspiring And. it makes me think back to when he got Covid and he stepped out on the balcony of the White House and took his mask off and the press dissolved in tears. I mean, it was, I, I thought one of the most shameful moments in American journalism was Jake Tapper saying, when Trump said, you don't have to be afraid of covid, you shouldn't let it dominate your life, Jake Tapper said, no, you should be afraid and you should let it dominate your life.


Well, they can't erase this. They can't erase the fact that somebody shot a bullet at this guy. It hit him, it hit him in the ear and he stood up and shook his fist. And you know, Musk made a joke of it at the, at the Butler reunion. He made a joke saying, one president can't even get up a flight of stairs and the other president shakes his fist after getting shot. But you know, there is something to that. It's not just rhetoric. I mean, you do want a president who's going to lead in attitude, not just in policy. And that is something, you know, I don't think we've had in quite a while. You know, the kind of FDR who stands up and says, we have nothing to fear, but fear itself. I think Trump embodies that. And he has proven that he is who he says he is. He is the tough guy and the brave guy that he says he is.


And at this point, you can dislike him, but you can't disrespect him because that is something that you do not see that often. You don't get a chance to see it that often. Somebody who reacts like that under fire, it really was an inspiring moment and it's going to be an inspiring moment no matter how the left tries to push it down the memory hole. That's what one of the things he's talking about when he says, I'm gonna protect women. He's talking about keeping us safe, keeping us in our children out of wars, trying not to get us bombed or killed by Iranians or their generals or our sons and daughters killed and outposts it like it takes that kind of strength to do those kinds of things and also to project to the world, don't mess with us, you, you'll be sorry.


Trust us. It's not gonna go well for you. Biden has exactly the opposite projection and it's gotten us into a lot of trouble. I think most people can see that Elon Musk actually tweeted out a video of a young woman. I don't know her, she, I don't think she's a public person talking about how she was, she's a Democrat. She hated Trump. She believed all the narratives about him in the media And, it was actually covid that started to turn her opinion around on the guy. When she watched him come out and say exactly what you just said, Andrew. She recognized though the media freaked out in response to his messaging. This is our leader who's trying to keep us calm and keep a positive attitude and maintain normalcy and not create a panic.


You know, same as what we saw in Butler that day when he was still bleeding from his head. Yeah. And I remember the press attacking anybody who said, you know, during Covid there are worse things than death, but there are dishonor is worse and cowardice is worse, and weakness in the face of true danger is worse. And the press is, wants us to forget that they wanna manipulate us, they want to use our fears to manipulate us, and they can't do it unless they can cause panic. They want us to panic over everything. The weather is a cause of panic. Whatever we do to, to get rid of, to get energy out of the ground is a cause of panic. Everything is a cause of panic because if we're panicked, they can control us. And to see a president take a bullet to the ear and stand up and shake his fist, that's the opposite.


That's a calming thing that makes you think, okay, somebody's in charge. Who can handle it when a three o'clock in the morning call comes. There's just no question that Donald, when Donald Trump brags that he will go to Putin and tell him, look, you're gonna do certain things or you're gonna have to deal with me, that that is more impressive than Kamala Harris or Joe Biden doing it. When he says it to Iran, when he says it to China, you know they're listening when he hands a terrorist a a picture of his house and says, we're gonna drop a bomb on that house. If you don't do what we want you to do, you're gonna believe him because he is who he says he is. It is. That was an important moment. It wasn't just an inspiring one, it was an important moment and a defining moment for the Trump personality and for the Trump campaign.


At the same time, we get how many pieces on Mama la and what a wonderful stepmother she is and what a wonderful aunt she is, and no coverage of Trump's tender moments with his sons and his daughters, or his grandkids, or this woman who is one of the paramedics who took care of Trump in the wake of the shooting in Butler. She spoke for a bit on Saturday And. it was really lovely. Here she is. That evening I witnessed a man with a deeply rooted bond with his family. I heard him speak with his wife, his children, and his grandchildren. He let them know that he was safe and that he was being taken care of. I heard his daughter say, only by the grace of God you are here.


The man that we all see on TV with a strong personality who sometimes doesn't mince for words or who is seen as a wealthy, powerful businessman, was not the man that I stood beside that evening. What I saw was a man that in the aftermath of one of the most terrifying experiences of his life, showed resiliency. He showed strength and courage. He showed that his family was at the forefront. He was a husband, a father, and a grandfather. He was compassionate and grateful. He was kind and humble several times. I stood and stared at him with tears rolling down my cheeks. He was someone's dad. He's a human just like you and me. I held the hand of that man who sends out the mean tweets and I thanked him for loving our country and fighting for our freedoms.


He assured me that he is doing everything he can to save our country. And I believe this to be true now more than ever. Wow. What do you make of it? Well, you look at Trump's children and they really have turned out well. You don't have to like 'em, but they've turned out well. They're successful. And then you look at some other people's children, you know, and maybe not so much. And I think that does say something. It does say something about a man. There's no question about it. Nobody's gonna look at his, you know, marriage record and say, good for Donald Trump. He's been a great husband, but he obviously is a man who the, the people around him love him. And the his kids love him and his grandkids love him. And that does say something about him. I mean, as a, as a person, I think there's more, far more to him than the press wants us to see.


It's one thing if you're not gonna make her into like the mom law, if you don't wanna do either with either one of them, I'm fine with that. But if you're gonna do it it for the one, you gotta take an honest look at the other. and Trump is a loving dad and granddad and there's really no two ways around it. Great to see you, Andrew. Thanks for being here. Thanks for having me, Megan. It's good to see you Kamala's on 60 tonight. I'll give you my thoughts tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases, the most mysterious, are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers, and every Wednesday on my show the Deck, I dive into the coldest of cold cases. Many of these victims didn't get the press coverage they deserve during the initial investigations, but I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light, and that listener could be you. Listen to the deck now. Wherever you get your podcasts,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800. That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.