
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We have a great, great show for you today. We've got Kerry Lake and James O'Keefe, but before we get to them a minute or two on the disaster, that was Kamala Harris's latest media outing.


As the cool fall breeze settles in, there's nothing better than wrapping yourself in pure comfort. Cozy Earth is all about turning your home into a sanctuary of softness and tranquility. There's the bamboo sheet set made from premium visco from bamboo. These sheets are unbelievably soft, and they get even softer with every wash. You will love how breathable and temperature regulating they are. But, it's not just the sheets, but cozy earth's women's stretch knit bamboo pajama set is another must have. And for the guys, check out the new men's performance sleep short, designed for comfort and breathability. They'll keep you cool and cozy all night long. And don't forget the new puffy sheep slippers. Cozy Earth products are crafted with a commitment to quality you can feel backed by a 10 year warranty. Treat yourself this fall. Go to cozier.com/megan and use code Megan for up to 40% off. That's cozier.com/megan, M-E-G-Y-N. And don't forget to tell them that I sent you in the post purchase survey, Cozi Earth wrapped yourself in luxury this fall.


I would say we definitely went up in quality when it comes to the person asking the questions. Though, I've got a lot of criticism for Stephanie Roll. I do not put her in the same category as those a, b, C moderators or really even Dana Bash. She did ask some challenging questions. That's basically what I'm saying. But no follow ups and none of the flip flops of Kamala Harris's positions, like all of this stuff is just left floating in the ether as though it's never happened. It's just incredibly frustrating to watch. But I'm going, I'm grading on a curve here because we, we, when everyone fails the test, you know, someone's gotta be given a d plus.


I guess. Look, the real story is Kamala Harris and how she answered the question. She was terrible. She was absolutely awful. I actually don't really understand why she can't do the memorization trick that she did for the debate for these interviews. Now she knows she's gonna sit with this for this interview with a woman who has a business news background. You, she's just, you know, done an economic speech. Why wouldn't you get your little note card team together and come up with a few like actual answers on your economic plan, on its weaknesses that you might get asked about.


You know, I don't get it unless this is that version. And like those people aren't very good if they're not writing mean note cards about Trump. That that might explain it actually. Okay. There's a lot to go to. I have the transcript here. It started off with what I think may have been her worst answer. I actually think I, I was driving in my car last night listening to SiriusXM when this was rolling, and thank God for SiriusXM and the fact that you can get news live on SiriusXM as a lot of you are doing right now. But in any event, I, I've heard this whole interview, and in particular the one where she responded to red tape, red, how are we gonna get rid of government red tape?


We'll get to that. But let's kick it off with what was probably the second worst answer of the entire thing. And it was on question number one. The question you'll hear it here was, okay, you laid out your economic vision, but a lot of Americans don't see themselves in your plans. What do you say to them, to Americans who don't see themselves in your plan? Her plans are so myopic. We talked about that one day. I was like, basically, If, you have diabetes. She's got you in mind for something. Yay. And now since then, she's talked about her economic plan covering first time home buyers, k people who are in the first year of having a baby K and people who wanna start a small business.


Alright? The vast, vast majority of Americans do not fall into one of those three categories. I believe that is what Stephanie rule was trying to get at. Like, what are you gonna do about the millions, the hundreds of millions of Americans who are suffering thanks to your policies? And your three little proposals don't cover any of them. Would you listen to the nonsense, the repetitive nonsense? And if you've got, you know, a vodka soda with a splash of lime right now, I challenge you to drink every time you hear hardworking dreams, ambitions, or aspirations, roll it.


Madam Vice President, you just laid out your economic vision for the future. Yeah. But still, there are lots of Americans who don't see themselves in your plans. For those who say, these policies aren't for me, what do you say to them? Well, If, you are hardworking If. you have the dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of what I believe you do. You're in my plan. What, you know, I, I have to tell you I really love, and I'm so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people.


We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. Yep. We have dreams. We can See what's possible. We have an incredible work ethic, Work ethic, But not everyone has the access to the opportunities that allow them to achieve those things. But we don't lack for those things. But not everyone, you know, gets handed stuff on a silver platter. And so my vision for the economy, I call it an opportunity economy, is about making sure that all Americans, wherever they start, wherever they are, have the ability to actually achieve those, those dreams and those ambitions. Yeah. I, I mean, I'm, I'm hammered if I'm drinking at home at this point.


Okay? So if you're hardworking, If, you have the dreams, If, you have the dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of what I believe you do, you're in my plan. Got it. Okay. What does that even mean? I have to tell you all the filler I really love and, and so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. You've said nothing. You are wasting time with filler. Just the little duck's legs underneath the lake going and going and going and going and going and going. Nothing's happening though nothing. Energize love what I know to be spirit character American people. We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. We can see what's possible.


You could see the edit of her. We can be unburdened by what has been, you can see she's been told Don't stop. Just stop saying that. You can see the self edit. We can see what's possible. We have an incredible work ethic. Okay? You already said that if you're hardworking, you have dreams, ambitious and aspirations. You're in my plan. I love, and I'm so energized by what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. We have ambitious, we have aspirations and dreams, and we have an incredible work ethic. We can see what's possible. So far, we've done nothing. All right. Is everybody with me on what she's doing here? But not everyone has the access to the opportunities. Again, the question was for the people who don't see themselves in your plans, what do you say to them? Not everyone has access to the opportunities that allow them to achieve those things.


Achieve what things? Ambition, dreams and aspirations. What things, what you have. You haven't laid any of the things out. Not everyone gets handed stuff on a silver platter. You mean dreams, ambitions, and aspirations. But what? So my vision for the economy, I call it an opportunity economy. I love how she's like, this is my phrase, this is my thing. And opportunity equality. I mean, the true, the the true thing that she's running on is equity If. you really read her plan. She's going back to, we don't all start in the same place, but we absolutely have to finish in the same place. It doesn't matter how hard you work, it doesn't matter your level of education.


It doesn't matter how well adjusted you are or aren't. You must end in the same place in Kamala Harris's worldview. That's equity. She's on camera saying it more times than I can count. That's what opportunity economy stands for. In any event, she didn't say that here. Okay? My vision is making sure all Americans, wherever they start, wherever they are, here we go again, have the ability to actually achieve those dreams and those ambitions. You can feel the cringey, the cringing of her staff. Can't you at this point? You know, they're back like, ah, stop saying that. It's no, we're not, we're on no card number two.


No. Which include, okay, she's okay now she's getting great. She's getting to what the dreams and ambitions actually include, which include for middle class families. Here we go. What? Just being able to know that their hard work allows them to get ahead. Right? Right. I hate how she says right after all of her sentences. Right. You know? Right. Like she said something truly profound and now we're bonding over what does Sue say or she is how she really sees the future for us all. Okay? So she's gonna make sure we have the ability to actually achieve our dreams and our ambitions, which include being able to know that our hard work allows us to get ahead.


That's what she's gonna do as president. That's amazing. I like, I love that she's gonna do that for me. She, what other thought in my mind about how the future could be just general thought about how I'd like to be. I'd like to be a kinder person. I would like to be more observant in my faith. Can she help me with that? Maybe, maybe she'll work on those opportunities for me to actually achieve my dreams and ambitions and my aspirations. And then she finishes it off with, we didn't play this, but I come from the middle class. My mother raised my sister and me. She worked hard. No one gives a shit about your mother. They care about themselves.


Stop talking about your mother. Start talking about the people who are actually suffering. Okay? So the only thing she said, and the whole answer, and this was at the very end, was my, so my vision for the economy is let's deal with some of the everyday challenges that people face and address them with common sense solutions. And then we got these four words such as, yes, what affordable housing. Okay, affordable housing, she's gonna solve that. We're not sure how, but she's mentioned a $25,000 tax break for first time home buyers only. So if you've already owned a home, you're effed.


If you're struggling to pay your mortgage But, it happens to be your second home, you're effed. That's it. And then she wants to somehow create more houses. We don't know how we'll get to that later. Okay Then instead of Stephanie rule saying, you did not answer any of my question. You said a bunch of nonsense and did not get substantive. What specifically are you going to do outside of the three myopic tiny proposals you keep mentioning? No, that wasn't the follow up. The follow up was ready. Over the last four years, there have been tremendous economic wins and you have just laid out a big plan.


What, what, what are the tremendous economic wins? Was it the, the trillions in spending that we could not afford that drove us up to double digit inflation? Was it the inflation reduction act, which President Joe Biden has admitted was falsely named and was really a climate bill, which we all knew at the time. And like what? That's sycophantic commenting and questioning. It's not questioning at all. And then she pivots to, okay, this is fine. But still the polling shows most likely voters still think Trump is better to handle the economy. Why do you think that is?


Okay, then she comes out with, Trump left us the worst economy since the Great Depression. When you look at the employment numbers to Stephanie rules credit, she says, that was during COVID. She says, employment was, she means unemployment was so high because we shut down the government and we shut down the country. Good for her. Then Harris responds with lies. Even before the pandemic, he lost manufacturing jobs by most people's estimates at least 200,000. What does that mean? Most people Kamala her husband Doug. Tim Walls, Joe Biden. Because that's just not true. That's actually a knowable fact. It's not, doesn't have to be an estimate. We actually can look it up and we don't have to look very far.


'cause CNN, which is no fan of Donald Trump actually fact check this itself, saying the loss in manufacturing jobs for Trump's entire presidency was 178,000 manufacturing jobs. But, but you've gotta look at when those came. Okay? Because manufacturing employment plummeted at the start of the pandemic, shedding 1.3 million jobs in April, 2020 alone, the economy then immediately resumed adding manufacturing jobs increasing each month from May to December during the pandemic before a small loss in January, 2021 when we were splitting over administrations.


Okay? But those gains were not enough to make up for the losses of the pandemic in March and April. So what was lost, one 70 800,000 was lost during the pandemic. And she is wrong when she says 'cause Kamala Harris, you know, says no, before the pandemic. Before the pandemic. Donald Trump lost those jobs. That's a lie. A Stephanie rule. I'll give her, I'll give her some slack and not having her fact check ready, because maybe shouldn't didn't know. But she was ready to say, you know, that those unemployment numbers were caused by, by Covid.


And so if it had been me, if I get the chance to interview Kamala Harris, you can bet I'm gonna run down what she says in response to all these issues. And if there's any lies that she said on record, I, it's my job to fact check her. In any event, she lied and got away with it. There we go. And by the way, the truth about Trump is that prior to that point, prior to the pandemic, he presided over a gain, a gain in manufacturing jobs of 414,414,000. This is a plus for Trump, not a minus as they portrayed on M-S-N-B-C. Okay? She goes on to rip on his tax plan, he cut, there were tax cuts for billionaires and top corporations, excuse me, and didn't pay much attention to middle class families right now, Stephanie Rule knows better.


She knows better. She was a business reporter. This is the truth. All income brackets benefited substantially from Trump's tax reforms. However, those who benefited the most were the working and middle class. There was a long article in the hill that laid out how, according to IRS data If, you look at people's adjusted Gross Inc. Gross income under Trump, those who made between 15,000 and 50,000 enjoyed an average tax cut of between 16 and 26%. Those who made between 50 and a hundred thousand had a tax cut of 15 to 17% under Trump. Those who made between a hundred and 500,000 had a tax cut of 11 to 13%.


You can see the numbers are going down, the arrow is going down, they're still all getting tax cuts, but they're not as generous. The more you make those who made over a million, less than 6% tax cut right now, that's fine. I mean, they had more to begin with, I'm sure it wasn't quite as painful. It's not quite as painful for them when they have any sort of a, you know, tax adjustment. But they had a tax cut indeed that was by some estimates, 20% less than the tax cut given to the working class. So these are lies. And they were not brought up. There was no challenge whatsoever. Okay? Then rule asks her, alright, let's talk about taxes.


Those tax cuts, they expire next year. And there are many people confused saying, I don't know what's gonna happen. Are your taxes gonna go up? You know, my taxes gonna go up. She says, and under Harris administration, at what income level should someone expect their taxes to go up? And Harris says, anyone making less? First of all, anyone making less than 40 400,000 a year, your taxes will not go up. Okay? Joe Biden peddled this lie too. And you know what happened? Taxes did go up for everyone in the form of groceries and gas prices. Everything you buy, as you well know, energy, your electric bill, the inflationary spending that these two did, like drunken sailors for the first few years of their presidency has caused your tax in every corner of your life.


So If, you believe you weren't taxed by the Biden Harris administration. If you're making under 400,000, which was a broken promise by Joe Biden, I got a bridge in Brooklyn, I'd like to sell you. Then she goes on to say, I'm gonna cut taxes actually for a hundred million Americans, she's talking about her $600,000 a year child tax credit for, for young couples with their first year of their child's life. JD Vance is proposing a 5,000. It's, the difference is not significant. And by the way, that is not something that's going to apply to the vast majority of Americans. Well, here again, here again. Right? So the, she's, she's being asked a question about income tax, what's gonna happen to you?


And here she lies about If, you're under 400,000, your taxes will not go up. And then she says, I'm gonna give you the child tax credit, which is just a, it's like a present, right? I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a tax present. So then Stephanie Rule asks her a good question, how are you gonna pay for that? You can't just give people a tax credit like the child tax credit and just pull money off money tree. It's not how it works. So how are you going to pay for it? She says, expanding that child tax credit that you mentioned, you mentioned housing before. The 25 grand for the first time home buyers giving that extra money for a first home. Same thing. If, you can't raise corporate taxes or, or if the GOP takes control of the Senate, then she basically means if the GOP takes control of the Senate and if the GOP maintains control of the house, either one of those things, we'll screw your plan.


Because they're not gonna help her offer these policies without appropriate spending cuts. That's not, that's not what the, what's gonna happen. And Stephanie rules pointing it out. Where do you get the money to do that? Alright, that's the question. Where do you get the money to do that? We have this exchange. I I, I have to revise my answer. Maybe this is the worst. I don't know. There's three top contenders for worst bad. You watch it and you tell me, watch the light bulb go on after over Kamala Harris's head when she realizes she has no damn plan for if there's divided government and she can't shove through her agenda, watch Expanding that child tax credit or you mentioned housing before, giving that extra money for a first home If, you can't raise corporate taxes.


Or if GOP takes control of the Senate, where do you get the money to do that? Do you still go forward with those plans and borrow Well, but we're gonna have to raise corporate taxes and we're gonna have to raise, we're gonna have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That's just it. It's about paying their fair share. She's an idiot. She's an idiot. She has no idea what she's talking about. I don't know if she understood the question. The question is what If? you cannot get this through in a divided government so that corporations pay more.


And the answer is they just have to pay more. They have to. That's just it. That is just it. She sounds like one of those moronic talkers. You see, that's just it. She sounds like a 4-year-old. That's her level of understanding. Don't believe any of these promises. She can't do it. She doesn't have a plan to fund it. And to the extent that that was exposed in the M-S-N-B-C interview, good on Stephanie rule. Then they go on. Stephanie chimes in Bill Gates just said this week, if he was in charge of taxes, he would've paid more. Okay, great. But how do you find that line to make sure corporations are paying their fair share and they're not leaving our country.


'cause If, you tax them through the eyeballs, they'll leave plenty of places where you can make widgets. Doesn't have to be in the United States. And then we get a lecture on, I work with a lot of CEOs. I've spent a lot of time with CEOs. Sure. Jan, I'm gonna tell you that business leaders who are actually part of the engine of America's economy agree that people should pay their fair share. Oh my, I Can't. I can't with the filler. I can't So much filler. They also agree that we should look at a plan. When we look at a plan such as mine, about investing in the middle class, investing in new industries, bringing down costs.


What is she saying? This is empty. Empty calories investing in entrepreneurs like small businesses. That the overall economy is stronger and everyone benefits. She said nothing. Part of my plan for the economy is investing in new industries in a way that we have active partnership with the private sector. I have worked with the private sector my entire career. Okay. She's been in government her entire career. I can't like all the rest goes on like that. And I'm not gonna make you go through it the way I had to last night. And then she ends with, so you can take a nice vacation from time to time. She said, nah. Thing about how you avoid taxing the corporations through the eyeballs to the point where they run, which is a real thing.


Just ask New York City where this exact thing is underway as California where this exact thing has been underway. Okay. Then we move on to my favorite. This is my favorite. Alright. This is truly my favorite part. This is part, I was listening on SiriusXM last night and I was like, what? What? And Sarah, my hairstylist would say, what? I didn't get it. Okay. Stephanie rule, one of the main problems it it come with, because they were talking about buying a home, right. And rules saying for people who wanna buy a home, yeah, it'd be great to get that $25,000 kicker only first time home buyers. But it's not just affording a home.


We don't have enough homes in this country. Absolutely right. Is Kamala rule and one of the main problems are regulations and rules. Strict, strict rules at a local level. How do the feds cut through all that red tape and help the locals solve housing problems? That's actually a good question. How do they watch this? How does the federal government cut through all that red tape and get down to, I know the suburbs of Pittsburgh and say we're gonna have to build some affordable housing here. Part of my goal and the plan would be to create 3 million new housing units for rent and, and for ownership by the end of my first term.


It includes also what we must do to cut red tape. You're absolutely right. I know that we have to reduce the red tape and speed up. What we need to do around building some of the work is gonna be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars. And looking holistically at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people. Okay, so how are we gonna cut through the red tape?


It takes far too long. There's too much bureaucracy. I know. We have to reduce the red tape and speed up what we need to do around building. And that is going to require working from the federal level with the state and local government. How, how was the question? That's where she should have jumped in. Stephanie, how was the question? Stop redefining the problem. I just laid out the problem. Now you are the one. So who's supposed to be running with solutions? What are they? The question madam was how, and it's going to be different in different places depending on the needs of that community, the needs of that local government, the needs of that municipality, but working in consultation and coordination and also around incentives that we can create.


What the fuck did you just say? I'm sorry, I can't, what is that? That's not a how. There's too much bureaucracy. We have to reduce the red tape. I know I said that. Speed up what we need to do around building, I know that was built into my question and it's going to require working from the federal level with the state and local governments. I know how how it'll be different in different places depending on the needs of the community, of the local government, of the local municipality working in consultation and coordination and also around incentives that we can create. What, and then just what do you think she keeps talking. You are like, maybe, maybe she saved the best for last. Maybe she's got another tool in her arsenal.


Maybe she's got another trick up her sleeve, for example. Great. An example, I'll take it. Some of the work is going to be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments. Okay, I'm waiting for it. Great. I we're a lots of filler, but what around transit dollars? What, what what? The transit dollars. That's how she's gonna get rid of the red tape. Stopping home building transit dollars and looking holistically. Drink at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically.


Drink at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in a holistic drink manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people. I'm done. I'm out. I'm out. I've heard enough. I can't, I object on every level I have inside of me to object. If. you vote for that as president, then you deserve what you're gonna get. I do not deserve it. The people who are gonna vote for Trump do not deserve it. It's a calamity how dumb this person is.


And that she's been placed in this position by her party, by fiat without anybody. There are smart people in the Democrat party. She's just not one of them. They weren't allowed to run either when he was seeking to be renominated or once he got coed right out of office, they elevated her for all the same DEI nonsense principles. They put her in the vice presidency, not to mention the ag position, probably the senate position and certainly the DA position that led to this path in the first place. She's not a smart person. And that is on display every time she sits down for an interview. So I say keep it, keep it rolling.


You keep on you, you go with your instincts. Yeah. You're on a roll now. Post debate. You did so well. You can do this Kamala, you can do this. Keep talking. That's all Trump needs. Joining me now to react and talk about her own race is Carrie Lake. She's a Republican candidate running for US senate in Arizona. Carrie, welcome back. What do you, what do you make of that debacle? Well, I'm mad that you made me sit through that. I can't, I it's almost impossible. It's, I'd rather listen to nails coming down a chalkboard than to listen, I'm sorry to, I'm to, well, to to listen to that interview. I mean, you, you laugh sometimes you, you scratch your head wondering what does she mean? And then if you're really honest, you have a horrified thought of what if, what if people don't get out and vote?


What if she ends up in the Oval Office? And that to me is the most horrifying thought of anything I could ever imagine. So, you know, you, you nailed it. And every single, you just went through it like you were going through the plays of a, of the Super Bowl. Unfortunately, it wasn't as exciting as the Super Bowl. I I think she is a master, a master chef at making word salad. And we just saw that in the interview. And, and you know, and this is the funny thing. She's on M-S-N-B-C. You cannot find a more friendly territory to do an interview with an M-S-N-B-C. And for her, they didn't even give her hard questions. As you said, they didn't push back all that much.


If she can't handle an M-S-N-B-C, the most friendly interview she could possibly do. Can you imagine if she sat down with you? I I would pay money to see that Megan. I would pay money to see that. I would too. I would pull a Matt Walsh the way he got Robin DeAngelo and just pay $15,000 and have her sit with me. Whatever it takes. I'll make a donation to her campaign. I'll do it. I'll make a donation. I'll buy my way in. It's just, she'll never do it. And you know, you're a journalist too. That's how you became a famous person in Arizona. And you understand when you, when you sit down for a big interview, you have to prepare, right? Like you've gotta prepare And when you don't get an answer, you're supposed to press for them. Instead.


We had Stephanie rule out there basically saying, I don't really need, I don't need direct answers because these are tough issues. Listen to her talking about it after the fact with Chris Hayes and SOD 11. What she did right there is kind of explain that it's complicated, right? We're a country of 330 million people. Our economy is complicated, right? In the same way, is the economy good or bad? It totally depends. So tariffs, if used in the right places can work. And one could watch that and say, well, she didn't give a clear direct answer. That's okay because we are not talking about clear or direct issues. Okay? She doesn't know anything. The problem is that Kamala Harris doesn't know anything.


I I think you're right. I don't think she's an intelligent person, and I'm not trying to be mean. They throw a couple of things that are like, Hey, make sure you throw a a fact out. Throw 330 million out 300. You can remember that 330 million people. Throw that out in your soundbite somewhere and then use a word like holistic. Throw that one out. Make sure you don't say what can be not burdened by what has been. Let's try to find you. It's like she's throwing a couple of little words in her, in her brain and is trying to use 'em to sound smart. But she's got, she's got no substance. And the people are craving substance right now because they're in a, a world of hurt. I'm all over the state of Arizona, Megan and yesterday we, we actually held a press conference on our plans for how we can help with this housing crisis.


And so listening to her talk about it, I I, you know, I just was realizing that we have way better plans than she could even conjure up. And you have to, we, you know, you have to, people are in, are struggling. I look at young people, we had three kind of different groups of people that are struggling right now. We had young people who are just about to get out of college. They've done everything right according to what they were supposed to do. And now they're looking at the price of, of housing. It's gone up in Arizona, 35% pretty much everywhere. And then you look at the mortgage rates which have doubled and they went from 2.77 to about 7%. Now if you've got bad credit, close to 8% If, you can even get a mortgage. So that brings your monthly mortgage payment up 105% from $1,300 to 2,700.


These are Arizona figures, but I'm sure they're similar in a lot of other states that is just pricing people out of homes. So these young, this young generation feels that they will never be able to afford a home. They look at their parents' home and their parents may have bought it 30 years ago and it might've only cost 80 or 90,000. And now they find out it's worth half a million. How did they ever get into a house if a starter house is half a million dollars in many, many cities and communities? And then we, we talked to a family, a growing family who, like many of us, myself included, I locked in on one of those awesome Trump interest rates with the mortgage rates being about 3%. We locked in our mortgage at that. And so did this young family and now their family's growing and they wanna get out of that house 'cause they're outgrowing it, but they can't leave such a great mortgage rate and find another house that a is gonna cost more and the mortgage rate is gonna kill 'em.


So they're kind of trapped in a good mortgage rate because all that's Out there. That's what's And and why, why are the adjustable mortgage rates so high? Because of the fed, because of the inflation that she caused. That's right. I mean, that's the underlying bear behind all of these questions about the, the housing crisis and how much people are paying like you caused it. The re they're trying the fed's raising the interest rates because they're trying to control the out of control inflation you caused with your drunken spending when you and Joe Biden took office. Right. Why, where was that question instead? She, you know, we meandered we had questions on whether she really worked at McDonald's and offered to, you know, all beef patty Special sauce. Mike, I get that like sometimes you wanna end it on a nice note, not when this person is in the Presidential protection program.


No, I would've liked Simple Question. The only has access. Go ahead. I I would've liked the real simple question. Do you know what causes inflation? And just stop and see what she says. That'd be great. Because there's only one entity that can cause inflation and that is the government printing money. And they printed money and printed money and printed money. The value the worth of your own dollar went down. You know, we talked to a retiree senior citizens who are forced to be renting right now and their rent is going up and you know, their, their one un bill away from being homeless. And a lot of these, these senior citizens who own their homes out right now are watching and they can't afford their property taxes anymore because their monthly spending, their monthly expenses have gone up because of that inflation.


That's right. The cost of, of living. That's right. Everything going up. And now they're saying, we can't afford a property tax if we don't pay it, we're gonna be homeless. So it's, it's a, we're in a dire situation. I am predicting we are going to see hundreds of thousands of Americans in the next month, few months slip into poverty. And I worry that we're going to see people who have by no fault of their own, could even slip into homelessness. Not because they've been spending crazy, not because they've been taking, you know, extravagant vacations because they all of a sudden they cannot afford their monthly payments on anything because of the price that, the price of everything that's gone up because of the dreadful, disastrous policies of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris that started on day One.


And all she wants to do is say, oh no, Trump lost 200,000 manufacturing jobs even before the pandemic. That's a lie. Like she, there's no accountability for what they did, which, you know, what they say passed his prologue, you're gonna get a whole lot more of it if they get another term, if she gets a basically a Joe Biden second term because she's not acknowledging that she's made any mistakes that, that he's made any mistakes. The other piece of her plan is this, I'm gonna crack down on price gouging at the grocery store, which there is zero evidence of. There is no evidence that these grocers are doing that. And she never gets pressed on that. Her surrogate got pressed on it by Sandra Smith over on Fox News the other day and had no answer.


It was actually pretty remarkable. But she gets asked the price gouging question and here's how she answered it. Watch this. Prices are still High. Yeah, I agree with you. You've said you wanna take this on by going after those who engage in price gouging. Yeah. But as somebody who supports free markets, who's a capitalist, how do you go after price gouging without implementing price controls? Because once we get in the zone, people start to get worried and they say, I don't know what she stands for. So just to be very frank, I am never gonna apologize for going after companies and corporations that take advantage of the desperation of the American people.


And as Attorney General, I saw this happen in the midst of an emergency, whether it be an extreme weather event or even the pandemic. We saw it where those few companies, not the majority, not most, but those few companies that would take advantage of the desperation of people and jack up prices. Yeah, I'm gonna go after them. Yes, I'm going to go after them. Okay. So she's trying to act tough. But the question was, as someone who supports free markets rules, talking about herself, who's a capitalist, how do you go after price gouging without implementing price controls?


You as the magic wand commander in chief saying, bread shall serve now be the following price, milk shall revert back to $3. How do you do that without implementing price controls? And she instead, I, this audience knows, I I laugh at her 'cause she has this John Wayne routine, Carrie, where she's like, I'm, I'm a border state prosecutor and I've fought those criminal drug cartels like John Wayne would, and it's a lie. And here she busted a yes, I am gonna go after I'm gonna, no, the question is, how are you going to go after them without implementing price controls? And by the way, what is your evidence that price gouging is happening at all as opposed to grocers are responding to your inflation?


That's right. I mean, If, you look at If, you talk to anybody in the, in the du food industry, grocery industry, they have one of the lowest profit margins of any business. I mean, it's a very competitive, cutthroat business. And they, they're gotta compete with the other guys. So I, I think of all places, there's not price gouging in that industry. And that's where we're suffering the most, where people can't afford groceries right now and they're ending up at the food bank at the end of the week just to get by and get through the end of the week so she doesn't know what she's talking about. I mean, we could sit here and try to parse every word she said and, and read the tea leaves and try to make sense of it. But it as gobbly gook. It doesn't make sense. She doesn't know what's going on. And watching her interviews, it makes me think she's not even part of running the show right now.


She is somebody they push out in front of the cameras. I don't think she's a part of any, can you imagine, If you were running a business and she was part of, of the team. She's not someone you're gonna lean on for big ideas and hey, how do we, how do we solve this problem? I I, I'm, I'm deathly afraid right now if, if our fellow citizens are falling for this extreme makeover of Kamala Harris, and if they're watching that interview and thinking that sounds like someone who's intelligent, that we've done a really, really bad job of educating people and shame on, frankly, shame on M-S-N-B-C. If I may, I hope that when Stephanie rule was doing that interview, her inner voice, her inner thoughts were saying OMG oh my gosh, what do we have here?


This woman doesn't know what she's talking about. I hope she was thinking that. But shame on M-S-N-B-C for pushing this whole ruse, for pushing the ruse that Biden and Harris were, were a great combo, and that they were great for our country and they were doing good things. Yes, she has, they have been destroy, destroy, destroy our country since day one hour one minute one when they came in, pulled back an incredibly effective border policy, opened up our border, invited the world in. And when, when not enough people in their estimation came in, they started flying people in, then they started funneling tens of millions of dollars to NGOs to pick up people at the dairy and gap and transport them in. And then they created an app to get more people in. They are trying to destabilize this country, sell us out and destroy this country.


And that's another reason our economy is suffering. You have to take into account this outrageousness of what's happening on the border by some estimations, 21 million, 21 million illegal immigrants have poured across our border in the Biden invasion. Listen, they gotta live somewhere 21 million people. They're going in housing and hotels and apartments that Americans could certainly use. And now we've gotta, as Americans compete with 21 million people for housing. It's basic supply and demand. When you have that many people who need housing, the housing prices are gonna go up. And she never talks about how the wide open border has affected our economy.


It's keeping wages down for hardworking middle class people. Because when you have people coming in who are willing to work for peanuts and they can't work for next to nothing, because our government, that means you and I, the taxpayer are subsidizing their housing, giving them food stamps and giving them for real all of the resources they need. Of course they can work for nothing 'cause they don't have to pay for any of that. We're footing the bill for their living expenses and they're keeping our wages depressed. That's what the residents of Springfield, Ohio have been complaining about. In part saying all the pro the housing around us has gone through the roof in terms of cost. Because all these Haitian migrants have come in with a government subsidy in a card and they can rent these places.


They can buy these places. We can't. And then of course, once there's a a viable market of renters and buyers there in the form of Haitian migrants who have our taxpayer money, they can drive the prices up all around them. And so the Americans there, the Springfield residents are losing on every front now. They can't afford their own homes, their own leases. Yeah. They can't afford tole and not to mention what's happening in the community with all, you know, all the rest of it. So Yes. Well, and the subject of immigration was brought up. I wanna get to that with you because obviously, oh, okay. You are running for Senate in a border State. I did not, I did not see The whole interview did come up. Oh no, I didn't Have have to watch the whole interview. You Did the right thing.


You did the right thing. I'm here for you. You did the Hard work for us. Took the pain for my audience and you, here she is asking her about immigration Communities around the country that have legal immigration. Many have said we're, we're, we're at capacity. And many feel like the government has said to them, well adapt. Sit down, be quiet. This is how it is. What would a Harris administration do for those communities who've taken in many, many legal immigrants but are at capacity? Well, first of all, we do have a broken immigration system and it needs to be fixed. And if we take a step back months ago, some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress came together with others, proposed a border security bill.


Donald Trump got word of the bill, realized it was gonna fix a problem he wanted to run on and told him to kill the bill. Don't, I will bring that bill back and I will sign it into law. And we need a comprehensive plan that includes what we need to do to fortify not only our border, but deal with the fact that we also need to create pathways for people to earn citizenship. Wait, what was that? Whoa. There you hear, hear it at the end. Just slid right in there. Yeah. She really does want Amnesty citizenship. She does the, the, the, the people running the Democrat party do. My opponent, Ruben Gallego actually voted to give these people amnesty and voting rights. By the way, he wants everyone who's poured across to have amnesty, which leads to then citizenship.


But he wants them to have amnesty and be able to vote right away. He's voted for that twice now. So that's pretty despicable. But a couple of different things here. You know, I live on a border state here. I live in a border state in Arizona and we're, we're really suffering there. The whole country is now, because we're all border states, there's a big difference between border security and immigration policy. Border security is keeping us safe, is making sure that nobody is just pouring into our country unvetted. And we've had, as I said, I say, 21 million. That's what I'm hearing President Trump say, he always seems to get the numbers right. You know, people kind of go, wait a minute, that number seems inflated. And then sure enough we find out he was absolutely right. So I think we're closer to 20 million people who've poured in illegally unvetted.


We don't, we, and we also have seen as the DHS has confirmed what Trump said, which is that places like Venezuela are emptying out their prisons and their insane asylums. We're seeing it in Arizona. We have these Chilean street gangs, which are breaking, they're called the dinnertime bandits, breaking into homes at dinnertime by the hundreds, robbing people blind. We're seeing the Venezuelan dangerous ven Venezuelan gangs who are taking over cities and towns and doing home invasions in Colorado and other places in New York City. The subways aren't safe. The streets aren't safe. The government, our federal government has flooded us with dangerous people that are walking amongst us.


You know, I think of Lake and Riley that, that nursing student in Georgia who went out for a morning run. And you know, she doesn't, she's expecting that the government is making sure people are vetted. If they're coming in. She doesn't know that she's gonna be running past somebody who is a violent rapist and killer. And the poor girl is not, has lost her dreams, has lost her life because of that. And it's happening time and time again. So we've gotta shut down this illegal activity at the border. I can't believe that she said that it was delivered to her broken. They broke the border. They broke the border. We don't have a border right now. They handed over control to the cartels and 320,000 children were trafficked across our border that the borders are Kamala.


Harris has lost track of. And I'm, I'm a mother and that keeps me awake at night. I know you are as well, Megan. The thought of these kids first, a being trafficked. I've seen video of 'em coming across many times. They're coming across in large groups with people who are not family members. They look like they're drugged as they're coming across the border for them to get thrown into what kind of only God knows what kind of a horrible world they have been thrown into and have gone missing. Now, God bless President Trump. He's saying it. I'm saying it. We need to repatriate these people back to their homeland in order to save our homeland. And we need to re find those children. I and I hope they're still alive and reunite them with their families and whatever country they came from.


We cannot save our homeland unless we send these millions of people who poured in during the Biden Beijing back to their homeland. Gotta do it. That's right. Get out. They don't belong here. I'm sorry, but they weren't invited. They don't belong here. They don't wanna assimilate most of these folks, and it's not our responsibility to fix their lives under President Think Trump. We had 2.3 million illegals come into the country under Joe Biden. We had 10.4 million documented. I mean, they're undocumented, but I mean that we have confirmed 10.4 million. Yeah, I think it's more than that on the record books then at least 1.3 million quote legal migrants that we gave the red carpet to like the ones in Springfield. And then on top of that, there could be, that's what Trump is saying, that there's another 10 million of So-called God aways, four of them are in the news this week, and we'll get to it after this break for raping and sexually assaulting children in Nantucket along with other citizens there.


It's not just Springfield. All of this is coming or Arizona or Texas, yeah. To a state near you soon, even without another Democrat term in the White House, Kerry. I mean, this is the problem's already here. Now we have to ask how to solve it. I got 30 seconds until I and the millions of the millions of, of millions of military aged men who port across the border and terrorists. So wait till, wait till we have a terrorist attack on our home soil. I predict that is coming. Oh God. We're gonna pick it up there. And after Ka Lake, we have James O'Keefe who's doing this in-depth documentary right now, along with Tucker Carlson on the border and what's actually happening.


So we're gonna take another deep dive. It's fascinating. It's chilling. Stay tuned.


Every big election makes us think about the future. It is a great reminder to plan for your family's future too. A lot can happen over the next four years and life insurance provides peace of mind ensuring your loved ones are protected. Policy Genius helps you find the right life insurance policy at the best price so you will have one less thing to worry about. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for 1 million bucks of coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policy Genius technology lets you compare quotes from America's top insurance insurers and just a few clicks helping you find the lowest price If you ever need help. Their expert license support team is there to answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the process. Be ready for the future with Policy Genius. Head on over to Policy Genius dot com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save Policy Genius dot com.


In the Marines, we always said, If, you fail to plan. You're planning to fail. Well Arizonans know on the border, there is no plan until Washington politicians stop coming to Arizona. For your BS political stunts, we just want solutions. I'm Ruben Gallego and I approve this message. Welcome Back to the Megyn Kelly Show. Carrie Lake is Ruben Gallegos opponent for that US Senate seat being vacated by Kirsten Sinema and is according to the real clear politics average down in that race, some all four points, I think it is the real clear politics average, has him up 4.6 5 38 has him up 6.6.


But I wonder Carrie, whether he has that same message for Kamala Harris, who's one of those Washington politicians going there right now for her first border trip and a half years to Douglas, Arizona. Hope she can find the border. She's been the border of Czar and has, has not been able to find it as of yet. And when she gets down there, she's gonna see one, one really amazing thing, which is a big beautiful wall in some parts that President Trump put up. And then she's gonna see big, huge gaps that we wanted to build the wall. But she and Joe Biden, along with their cheerleader, Ruben Gallego, who you just saw there, took all of the, the materials that we, the people paid for $325 million of border material, border wall material that we were going to finish the wall with in, in huge parts of Arizona.


And they sold it for pennies on the dollar. It was really theft on the people that have been on the tax paying citizens. And so she'll see the big, beautiful wall. She'll know how amazing that is and how it works to keep people out. The cheapest way to secure our border is with the wall. President Trump understood that and he was working to finish that wall. And when, when I win the US Senate and President Trump gets back in the White House, we are going to complete the wall from the Gulf Coast to the Pacific coast, and we are going to make sure that we have a border wall. We're gonna have a a, a door a, an opening, a big door for, for legal immigration, but we are going to have no door for illegal immigration. It's gonna be shut down, no more illegal immigration.


And we will then take a look at our legal immigration and, and how we're allowing people in. We, I think it's one to 2 million a year we accept in legal immigration. And that needs to be Based on, in my belief, on, on what our economy needs. It should change depending on what our job situation is. If we are, we have plenty jobs and we can't fill them all, then we need to maybe look at having more people come in through legal immigration. But if jobs are scarce and Americans are out of work, then we need to have fewer people coming in through legal immigration. But we can't really delve into immigration because I don't think the American people have an appetite for it as long as this border is wide open and we're being flooded with people coming in illegally, many of them who are dangerous.


You mentioned the polling, that's, you know, I don't, I I am not looking, the, the public polling in this election has been so bogus and, and so misguided that I feel very confident where we stand. We are in our, in our internal polling have been up, up slightly the whole time. So I don't, I don't look at that public polling because I just don't believe it after what I'm seeing in our own polling. And I'm also seeing something else that's really interesting. If he were really up and up by what some of these ridiculous polls say, he would not have already poured he and his friends 75 million into the, into ads running for this race. They wouldn't be watching Chuck Schumer pour 5 million a week into this race if he were really up by what some of these ridiculous polls have said.


They would take that money and move it into another state. But Chuck Schumer is pouring a fortune into Arizona. The Soros family is pouring a fortune into Arizona. They're lying about my opponent. They make him look like a real levelheaded guy. He is the most hateful human being. A Twitter troll who, his favorite word is the F word on Twitter. He literally told a Marine to F off and take the, take the shot, the covid shot when the Marine was kind of saying, Hey, I, I, I'm not so sure about this he said f the cops, he said, f the NRAF, your prayer. This is the kind of stuff that he says on Twitter. And then in the, so-called Summer of Love, Meghan, when he was marching in defund, the police rallies next to a sign that said, all cops are, and then the word bastards, I hate to even say that.


He was marching next to a sign like that calling to defund the police. He co-sponsored legislation. The George Floyd legislation wanted to get rid of the filibuster to ram that legislation through legislation which would've defunded the police nationwide, changed up the style of policing to more of the social worker style policing and taking away qualified immunity. And for people who don't understand what that is, it's really that, that insurance that an officer has that when they're out trying to protect us and keep us safe, and they have to be able to take their weapon and use it in an emergency situation, and they don't always get it right, sometimes they make a human mistake. They're making split second decisions.


And we don't want them to have to lose everything their, their everything they've got and have their family lose everything. Qualified immunity protects them from that. He wants to get rid of that, which would mean no officer would ever feel comfortable to discharge their weapon and save their lives. It means more crime in a dangerous situation. It means more crime. It means more crime. We've seen it. Yes, absolutely. And in a state that's already riddled with immigrants from God knows where many of whom are themselves already criminals. That's right. That that bit about wanting to get rid of the filibuster is very alarming. And especially because Kamala Harris gave an interview just over the weekend in which she reiterated her own favor for getting rid of the filibuster.


She claims to put Roe versus Wade back into action to somehow have a national plan that mirrors, okay, so she doesn't have that power, first of all, that she's gonna find out the hard way that that's not constitutional. But she wants to and she wants to get rid of minority rights in the, in the Senate in order to do it. And he's totally on board. Here he is. And by the way, you can't, you don't If you get rid of the filibuster for Roe versus wait rate or abortion. It's gone for everything. It's gone. Like, that's it. Yeah. Here's Rubic, then Washington, DC Go on the same in January of 2023 on the filibuster. Listen, TOS 15. Look, my position is that filibuster has to get reformed. It's not a a tool of compromise.


It's a tool of, of obstruction. Okay. Carrie, I've gotta tell you, like I know you say you don't believe the polls, but how is this guy anywhere close to you? Arizona has been a red state. I know right now it's all blue in its leadership. There was somewhat of a revolt during the Trump years. But how could Arizonans be thinking about voting for this man? They aren't. They aren't. I mean, I'm, I'm on the ground. I talk to more Arizonans every day, every week than anybody in the country. And they aren't. And you have to look, yes, we do have Democrats leading the state, and you have to look back at the last election. And I know we probably don't wanna delve into that, but I believe that our government was taken from the people in that.


And we've, we could go onto that another show, but we're, that's why we're working so hard to make sure we have elections that are run, honestly. And I think people are waking up to the fact that we've got issues like illegals voting all kinds of lines on voter rolls that shouldn't be there. And we have all kinds of issues. But Ruben Gallego, I guess he graduated from Harvard, doesn't seem like the, the brightest bulb. But yeah, he wants to get rid of the filibuster. And because this shows that they don't want to have any compromise and talk. First of all, you're not gonna get rid of the filibuster. And you're right, they don't have the ability to, as they wanted, as you said, bring back roe and, and all of that.


They, they just constitutionally don't have the ability to do that. I agree that that decision should be sent back to the states and, and that's where we are right now, where states are deciding that. But he wants to get rid of the filibuster for everything. Get rid of the filibuster to pass the George Floyd legislation to defund the police, get rid of the filibuster to do, to make Washington, DC and Puerto Rico a state. He's already voted once to make Washington DC a state. How does that help Arizona and why would he make that vote? Doesn't, he's a congressman. He's a congressman in the district of Arizona that has the fastest growing homeless population in the country. Faster, fastest growing homeless population. It's not Portland, it's not San Francisco, it's not Skid Row, it's not dc.


It's right there in the heart of Reuben Gaga's district. Now, the benefit he has, Megan, is that he has no name id people don't know who he is. And you would think, wait a minute, Carrie, that's a terrible thing. No, I keep seeing him pop up in my Twitter feed. He's definitely got money to advertise on X because he is there all the time. I'm basically like, stop harassing me. But you can't, you can't avoid it. So he had no name id. People didn't realize how bad his votes were. Literally every bad thing you could imagine, every bad idea from men, boys participating in sports with our girls. He's voted for that. Kids getting sex changes, underage kids getting sex changes behind their mom and dad's back fed federal money going to sanctuary cities. I mean, literally everything he votes for is a vote in the wrong direction.


And so people don't know who he is. And now because they don't know who he is, he comes out, he bullies Kirsten Sinema, who was a pretty moderate Democrat, turned independent, bullies her out of office and runs because she wasn't progressive enough, according to him, and runs for office and now is doing this extreme makeover where he's trying to act like a moderate, he doesn't even call himself a Democrat anymore, even though he was in leadership on the Progressive caucus and is voted with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris 100% of the time he's to the left of a OC and the squad, he's to the left of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. He actually makes Bernie Sanders look kind of moderate. That's how radical He's, he voted 100% in line with Joe Biden's policies.


100%. 100%. Now I, I can't think of anything I've liked that Joe Biden has done. But even people like a OC only voted with Joe Biden. I think it was like 95 or 96% of the time. He is lockstep. He's their favorite congressman. He's their little rubber stamp. And so the scary thing is though, because he's got so much money and they're running these ads, some people are looking at those ads and they're going, oh, he's kind of across between Mr. Rogers and GI Joe. Maybe we should vote for Him. He called, he called Trump's border wall. Stupid, dumb, absurd and pointless. That that's what he said. He accused Trump of scapegoating immigrants and he wanted amnesty for 2.3 million illegals.


I just like, I'm having difficulty understanding how he's not at 2%, but I think you tell me what you think. I think it's about abortion because he's his lead. If, you believe, you know, the, the New York Times Sienna poll, which I know you don't, but If you do. His lead with over you is with women. He's plus 11 over you. With women, you're plus two over him with men and with young people. He's plus 30 among the 18 to 29 plus 22 among the 30 to 44, my tea leave reading says, okay, that's probably abortion, because it looks like Arizona has 58% of voters saying they plan to back this prop 1 39 at the ballot box, which would make the current abortion regime more radical than it is right now.


It's at 15 weeks in Arizona, and they wanna restore it to the Roe regime, which would make it around 24 weeks. But also at any point, Based on the physical quote or mental health of the woman, which is an exception, that completely guts all restrictions. I it seems like for better or for worse, Carrie Arizonans are pretty strongly pro-choice. He is too. Do you think that's hurting you? Well, I I will say the polls typically as you get closer to election day, start to close, get, get closer. But when you look at the real clear politics, there were a sup couple of really crazy polls in there that were just absolutely ludicrous. So that's why I think the, when you look at the average, you're saying, why is he up this much?


It's much closer than that. I'm, I'm showing in my internals that I'm up by a, a smidge, so I'm happy with that. But he is talking about that topic and that's all he's talking about. And then he walks along the border and acts like he, he cares about the border. Now he's even saying things like, oh, maybe we do need a wall in some places when he fought tooth and nail against President Trump. So that's all they have. That's all they have to talk about. And the the he knows it. Okay, well, what About abortions? What about, and that, that's been one of your unsteady points where you came out, you were pretty very har like strong pro-life, and then there seemed to be some backlash. And then you, you backed off it of it to the point where some conservatives were saying, what, where does she stand?


Because you came out and said, okay, I I, you said I choose life, but I'm not every woman. I wanna make sure that every woman who finds herself pregnant has more choices so she can make the, that choice that I made. So I don't exactly know where you stand on it. Like, do you support this proposition 1 39 that would restore the Rotary regime? But lemme tell you where I stand on it, and and Ruben knows this as well, we're running for a federal office. We're running for the United States Senate. And so we don't get to decide what the law is. It's been handed back to the states and the people of Arizona and this election are going to get to decide, we're gonna get to choose what our law is. Is it gonna be this current 15 week abortion law that was bipartisan that Democrats and Republicans supported in the legislature, which basically allows for abortion up until about four months of, of pregnancy?


Or will it be the one that you just described? The people of Arizona get to decide and we're all gonna get one vote in that. And Ruben doesn't respect that. He wants to take that choice away from us in Arizona. He wants to take the choice of deciding what this law is away and act like a little emperor and, and, and get rid of the filibuster. And he thinks he's gonna decide at the federal level. It's going to be decided at the state level. And I trust the people of Arizona. Whatever they decide will be the law. And what we, what I would like to do as a US senator from my position in the Senate is pass more pro-family legislation. I had a real epiphany about a year and a half ago, and I had an opportunity to go to Hungary and I was reading up on, on Hungary, and I, I was reading on the way over and I noticed that they had cut the number of abortions in half in a very short period of time.


And I, I got a chance to meet with the Prime Minister and I said, how did you do that? And you didn't change any laws? He said, no, we didn't change any laws. We realized that we were having a, we needed to up our population. We, the birth rate had gotten very, very low. So they started passing pro family legislation. If, you get married, you get a tax bonus, maybe your taxes come down 1%, you have a baby, they come down a little bit more. You have another one. Any woman in Hungary who has four babies never pays taxes again. And what they did was they encouraged families and they encouraged the beauty of that. Listen, times are really, really tough right now. More and more women are going and having an abortion because they can't afford a baby.


And If, you look at the statistics, 60% of women say if they would've known they had emotional or financial support, they would've tried to keep their baby. And I just wanna make sure that women know they do have that support. And as Republicans, we haven't done a good job at talking to women, even though I believe Republicans do. And Then you get the Planned Parenthood messaging everywhere, including outside the DNC about how you can abort your baby right here, just take a pill and you can abort your baby. Can May I ask you though, because you are an Arizona citizen, are you gonna support this proposition 1 39? Is that something you could vote for? I support the law that's on the books that was bipartisan. It was passed by both Democrats and Republicans. And it allows for, yeah, at the 15 weeks, I believe, I believe in exceptions.


I believe you have to have exceptions for rape, incest, and, and the life of a mother. And so that's the one I'm gonna support. Okay, that makes sense. Can we just, But again, you know, the people are, I, I don't know. I don't know who, how that vote's gonna go. And the people will decide and it, it makes me sick that Reuben wants to take the choice away. Yeah. From the people of Arizona. That's Exactly right. It's not a federal issue. It that's the problem. That was the problem with Roe. They nine judges in black robes sees control of the issue for 50 years. Ruth Bader. Anyway, Ruth, Ruth Bader Ginsburg herself said, this should be decided at the state level. That's right. I I've got to ask you about his weird marriage controversy.


What, what went on with the, he was, he claimed that he was engaged on February 15th, 2020. In fact, we later found out he had already been married to this person for at least two months. He announced the marriage in June of 2021. He had gotten married two years earlier, two plus years earlier. Why is he lying about when he got engaged to and married his current wife? If this guy's breathing, he's lying. I mean, to be honest, he's, and I hate to always bring up personal stuff, but I think in a, in a situation, well, I brought it up.


We're electing. No, you did. Thank you. Well, we, when we're talking about electing somebody to office and they're gonna be there for six years, we need to know the character of the person. I mean, this is a guy who walked out on his nine month pregnant wife, his first wife, when she was getting about to give birth to their firstborn. He served her divorce papers days before Christmas, walked out and ran off with a DC lobbyist. And his, his first wife had to deliver that baby all alone and take care of that newborn all alone. And this is the lobbyist that he had ended up marrying. I don't know why he, this is the second one. I got married to her at the end of 2019. And then several months later, they, they were married in 2019.


Then in 2020 on social media, he says, I popped the question. And she said, yes. And I'm like, wait a minute. You've already been married several months. You popped the que made it look like they had this big special engagement. And then months later said, oh, we got married. You know, if you're gonna lie about things like that, strange, weird things like that, you're gonna lie about everything. And you can look back at his life and realize, before he got into politics, he was a director of a bank that was set up for illegal immigrants to do banking. And they got, they got charged with fraud for bilking Latino immigrants out of their life savings.


From there, he went on to an ambulance company that ended up under federal investigation for Medicare fraud. This is a guy, if you're willing to defraud Medicare and defraud, you know, immigrants, then you really, and, and, and you're willing to walk out on your wife days before she gives birth to your firstborn. You know, this is a guy of questionable character and I don't think we need any more crooked politicians in the Senate or in in dc We actually need to get rid of some crooked politicians and bring some honest folks in there. So I'm looking forward. Alright, I got a for forward to you representing the people. I got a Question for you because we have a lot of, a lot of women who watch this show. We have a lot of men too, but a lot of women who consider themselves independent.


And I've sensed a change in you from when you first burst onto the political scene to now, like you, I think you had, you still have swagger and it's justified. You're an incredible communicator. You're the best at battling with these nasty press people who wanna throw false quote facts in your face. And you, you've just proven yourself a very capable campaigner. But maybe some of these women who are getting ready to, you know, entertain him as their candidate, think, oh, she's too brash, or she was too pro the Trump election denialism stuff. And if those women are listening to this interview thinking, well, well, I don't know.


You know, maybe, maybe she's changed. 'cause that's just my perception of you that like some time in the political arena has maybe settled you some, forgive me. That's my own opinion. What, what say you? Well, I think, I don't, I don't think I've really changed as a person. I mean that you, you, you constantly kind of growing and, and you're hoping to If you have flaws to work on those and always be a better person. But I, I believe if the If you see a change in my tone, it's just that I realize we are at the end of the line for our country and there's just a more serious feeling in my soul about what's happening. I have two kids and I am deathly worried about their future right now.


That's why I continue to stay in this fight. And I'm realizing too that so much of, of the back and forth, like in each other's throats and the media's saying we're 50 50 and we're at each other's throats. It's not moving us forward as Americans. And we have a lot of problems right now, and we're gonna have to come together. I'm also realizing this isn't a Democrat versus Republican situation. I believe this is Americanism versus communism And. when you realize how serious, what a, what our country would look like if it was a communist country that sends a chill down your spine. And so there's a much more serious feeling about what's going on right now. I feel much more nervous about the future if we don't come together and get this right.


And I would tell, talk to women out there and you know, I'm, I'm a woman. I, I, by the way, Republicans know what women are and yay, I grew up in a family of women. I grew up in a family with eight girls, eight, eight of us and one boy, my poor brother, he turned out great by the way. And so I understand women and I also understand that for a lot of women these times are really tough. I, I'm in my fifties and I was talking to a couple of women who are single and they're in their fifties. I don't, I don't know if they were divorced or what the situation was, but they said they were single. And that they're actually really worried about their job. If their job's gonna be around, apparently they're in the industry they work in, they're having some layoffs.


And I know for a lot of women that can be a really shaky time. We're in a scary time. And if you're kind of going at this alone and worried about the economy and your job going away, and I think we need to do a better job at talking to women about how we can make sure we are doing what we can to protect this economy and make sure that they're not gonna have to go it alone without somebody to Lean on hopes, aspirations, and dreams. That's the way Carrie Way, hopes, Aspirations, dreams. That's the Way, in a holistic way. Oh My God, I cannot listen. I I'll tell you what women want and I I what I believe women want and what I think all people want, we want, they want a good, strong, healthy economy. They wanna make sure that our streets are safe.


They wanna make sure our borders safe. Our kids are getting a solid education. These, we have a ton of huge problems on our hands, right? The solutions are actually really easy. But the politicians in DC don't like to solve the problems. They wanna keep the problem so they can pour hundreds of millions and oftentimes billions of dollars into the problem. Ruben Gallego wants that border wall open. He wants to throw tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions toward NGOs. Pour a little bit of money toward this special group over here, this group, keep the problem there so they can continue to pour our tax dollars into the problems. Well, he's already in office as a congressman and as I said, has he has a record, has voted nothing entirely with Joe Biden If.


you want somebody from the outside, somebody who might actually go to Washington and shake it up. You're looking at it right there in green. Carrie, great to see you. Thank you. Thank you Megan. And we'll continue watching the race. Okay. God bless you. Bye-Bye. Oh, you too. Alright, we're gonna come up next with James O'Keefe. We're back to the border. We'll get into as well what happened in Nantucket. It's just so dark. Every day you see a story. It could be these, so-called legal migrants in places like Springfield or here in New York, this thing she mentioned, Venezuelan gangs, that's who suspected. And this latest thing that happened in New York and one of the boroughs, these dinner parties that get stormed, it's very dark. What's happening?


And then the illegals, I mean, that's what happened in Nantucket. We had illegal immigrants who were so-called God aways, they sneaked into the country and then they were caught and then they were let go. And they've been committing crimes, they've been raping children. I'm just wondering whether the media that spent barrels of ink barrels on fact checking their eating the pets, would like to spend one pen's worth of ink on their raping children in Massachusetts in the Tony town of Nantucket. Does anyone care now?


Anyone? We'll see. Okay. We'll be right back with James.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. Oh, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds impossible, right? But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners. And it's a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud or scammers. Leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name. Then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com, or just by using the link below.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


The border crisis is one of the top issues to voters throughout this country in the 2024 election for years, we've heard the record breaking numbers. We've watched hard to believe scenes, I mean scenes you don't wanna believe unfolding across our Southern border And today we're getting a closer look at what exactly is happening, how these migrants are making their journey to the United States, the dangerous players along the border and the organizations backed by us, by us, the United States who ultimately benefit from perpetuating this whole crisis. James O'Keefe is a journalist and founder of O'Keefe Media Group or OMG. He's here today to share his new documentary film, Line In The Sand associated with the Tucker Carlson Network.


Here's a bit from the trailer. Watch What's happening inside that facility. You know what's happening? They all protect each other. The NGOs, they got some spotlight on us. Yeah, the federal government. This is dangerous. I don't think we can trust anybody. I'm, I'm adding, we made it on the wall. Follow the journey of the immigrants. I can't do this guys. The journey of the children. Oh, This is big time here. We're at, we're a cartel tunnel now, dog. We in a cartel graph too, Chris, for someone. And the journey we get into human nature. Some things can't be read in a book or a newspaper. They must instead be lived.


Hmm. James, welcome back to the show. I know. Where, where are you right now? I'm in Campo, California. Right next to the border wall here. Okay, so walk me through it. This is one of the rare occasions in which I haven't actually gotten a chance to see the film before helping to promote it. So that's kind of good. 'cause the audience is, is in the same position I'm in. What's, what's the purpose of doing this? Like what were you trying to get after that others haven't gotten after? Yeah, people, thanks Megan for, for having me on people, there's been a lot of reporting on the border and people have seen this. I don't think there's ever been a movie like this made Meghan in that it actually immerses you with the cartel.


It you take the journey, the illegal immigrants take some of the moments in the film are almost impossible to believe are real. For example, they're cutting through the fence here where I am an hour east of San Diego with these big massive saws. We actually put audio recording devices on the fence to hear what they're saying to each other. We snuck into these facilities where they're housing all these unaccompanied children. We went undercover into these New York City facilities where they're giving out fake residencies. So you're sort of, it's sort of this cinema verite very, very raw, almost brutally raw picture of what's happening. And you get to sort of be immersed in it with me.


So we follow the journey of these people from their origin to their final destination. And what we discovered was so shocking. I mean, and almost in the sense that everyone's making money off of this. People are in denial about it. And I wanted to make a film that showed and that shocked people and, and into being awake about what is happening in this country. It's actually kind of a great combination of your natural skills as a storyteller, as a journalist, as somebody who is very used to going undercover to catch crimes or just bad people in action and applying it to what's happening along the Southern border.


So I get the, I get the marriage of you with this topic. I wanna show a little clip we've pulled of you and others running to board this moving freight train with some of these migrants. Let's watch this and you can explain it. The EMX train conductor signaled to the immigrants not to take this train, but the next one, This is a good one. This is a good one. This is the best one to trouble. Oh, is that it? Down there? We got a run. Let's go. There's children running. That's us. That, I think that's the train right in front of us. Next one. Next one down.


Next one down. It's chaos climbing on the outside. Go. How are, how are you On top of the plane? Off the train. How you gotta keep going? Oh shit, I can't fucking do this guys. Hurry, hurry, hurry. Come on. Trying to get on the train. Come on brother. You got this mother. Come on. Yeah.


Why you got this? You got this brother? Sorry. Hold. We're here. What is this? It's Cole. Cole Pellets. Were you trying to board a moving train there with those, with the migrants? Yeah, Megan, that is the, the La Bestia, which is Mexican for the beast. The beast Train in Ito, Mexico. The Venezuelans board. This train. You saw mothers with their little babies strapped to their chests boarding a moving freight train to get on the train to go from the Mexico City area all the way up to Ciar Juarez. I actually climbed aboard that train and I was, one of my colleagues was kidnapped by the cartel.


I was detained by the, by the Mexican army there in an unbelievable scene. You just saw a little clip of it because I wanted to show what these people have to go through. And people say, well, you know, this is a humanitarian thing. Lemme tell you it's not a humanitarian thing. A lot of those mothers are throwing the babies on the train. Some of them get run over. This is gruesome. This is crazy. I, again, I I wanted to show something that's never been seen before. I rode the train with the Venezuelans. Like I said, I was detained. I actually had a hidden camera in my watch. So I captured the detention that the Mexican authorities were saying how the United States government was funding this.


I mean, this is just insane. And while it is true that everyone knows the border is broken, I think Megan, sometimes people just need to see the truth is like a lion. As St. Augustine said, you just gotta see it to understand it. And we have to know the nature of the crisis. And by the way, a lot of these people are very nice people. One of the things I, that struck me being with the Venezuelans on that train ride, and I was scared for my life. I was terrified alongside of them. Many of them are just trying to get a better life. I I, some of them are probably bringing drugs into the country, but a lot of them just want to get here. And it's not necessarily their fault, but the United States government is funding this.


And that's what they told me. That's what the Mexican authorities told me. And you get to watch it in the theater. Like I said, it's a documentary, but it's unlike any documentary you've ever seen. Why is the United States government funding this? That's a great question. I mean, health and Human Services is giving billions of dollars, for example, to these detention centers in Texas that most people have never heard of. Megan, we snuck into these places and we talked to these officials, places like Southwest Key in Texas. These NGOs get billions of dollars from the feds and If, you stop the flow of immigrants, you stop the funding flow to these institutions.


And what these people all told me, and I'll let many of them didn't know they were recorded, was it was all about the money for them. They needed these people to keep coming. They needed the children to keep getting trafficked. And by the way, we're talking about half a million children in three years. They need the children to keep flowing so they get the money in their pocket so they can quote feed their family. And that's why the, the film is called Line In The Sand because it's, it's a film about the border, but it's not really about the border. It's about this almost biblical or age old paradox of at what point do you draw the line and stop doing evil things in order to make a living. And that's a really, that's a really hard question to answer.


The film, the film shows all these people saying, I'm just doing my job. I'm just doing my job. I gotta earn a living. Many of them border patrol agents. But the film ends in a very optimistic, uplifting way because it actually shows true courageous whistleblowers. They haven't actually gone public yet. Border patrol agents, et cetera, who do do the right thing and are punished for it. And, and I think the film ends, you know, with basically saying every, everyone seems to have a price except for a couple people. And it talks about those people. So it's a really deep, deep theme here that we're exploring. But you mentioned this group, Southwest Key, this NGO non-governmental organization that houses minors.


They were given $978 million in 20 24, 3 0.2 billion since 2020. There are 17 shelters in Texas, eight in Arizona, two in California. The CEO makes over $1 million a year. The facilities house thousands of children. The top executives make over half a million a year. There's that organization. And then one of the ones that jumped out at me, James, is Wpath. Wpath is there, that's, yes. That's the trans group that's trying, I mean, truly, it's like all these trans activists trying to trans our children.


I know. I, this was in San Diego. I'm, I'm an hour east of San Diego. The film was is in Texas, New Mexico. Mexico and California. We actually followed the, I always wanted to do this, Megan. I followed the, the illegal immigrants from their origin to their final destination every step of the way. And along the way, we were in San Diego parking lot and there were all these NGOs giving assistance to the, to the immigrants. And one of them was the world professional organization of transgender health. This guy, we, he does not know he is being recorded and they're transporting him to the airport. And, and all of these NGOs get money to help. The more people that they move, the more money that they get.


And then they use the legal lawyer process in California to, to, there's so many groups helping these people making money off this crisis. And again, I asked the bus driver, what, what are you doing? She's like, I'm just trying to earn a living. I'm just trying to feed my family. I'm just doing my job. I'm just doing my job. I I mean one of the, one of the groups on here, you, you got Immigrant Defenders Law Center, the government grant, 6.6 million salaries, compensation's, 4 million Asian Americans advancing Justice government grants, 39.1 million salaries, compensations 3 million, and I'm sorry to see on here, Catholic Charities government grants for 42.8 million salaries.


Compensations 22.5 million. I like that is the kind of thing that makes you not wanna put the money in the basket at the weekly mass. That's a big theme in the film is the, is the churches are in on this. And, and, and by the way, Megan, a lot of people told me not to touch that. I I, I had people, you know, I'm sure a journalist, I'm sure you get this off the record, James, you don't wanna upset the Christians. Now listen, I'm just telling you the facts. I had a whistleblower inside Catholic Charities give me internal documents that are in this film. Never before seen. I had Zoom calls in this film. These are things that no one's ever seen before. Like taken from the boardrooms of the Catholic church where they're saying things like, yeah, we're no longer Catholic. Just you can't, you can't make it up.


Wow. It it's not, it's crazier than a if I brought this stuff to Netflix, they would laugh at me. You think that I'm hiring actors to say these things. I'm not, these are actual boardroom meetings in the Catholic church or the saying we've lost our way. We're no longer Catholic. They get money from the Department of Police. Well, it's kind of true about the current pope. I don't think it's true about most Catholics, but the current, we got questions about the current Pope who's very pro Yeah. Immigration and is pretty tolerant of some other social issues that we haven't seen in, in some weird ways. But anyway, it's, they're not alone. There's so many groups here, James, who work to make money off the system. And it starts to make sense. Like why does this problem continue to fester and grow?


So when the migrants, they get on the train and what, what happens next? Like, 'cause what, like how do the cartels come into it if they're on the train? Does the train just drop them off in San Diego and they're good to go? Or where do the Cartels come? Yeah, that's what the film, that's exactly what I wanted to show for the, for the, and I don't think anyone's ever seen this before. There have been a couple YouTubers that have shown some things. The Venezuelans, they come from around the world to the city of Iro Puo to climb aboard this, this train they call the beast train. Actually the train that I was on was the Bolero train, which is like the beast little iron balls. You lay on top of the freight train. And I was told when I got to Iro Puo by locals, I said, you should not be doing this. They're gonna ransom you for a hundred thousand dollars or whatever.


And I, and I knew there's a possibility that I could get kidnapped. Like my colleague, my colleague was kidnapped Megan, and they destroyed his equipment and then they let him go. Maybe they didn't wanna kill an American. So when I was detained by the Mexican authorities, there was a possibility that I would be ransom. But thank God I I was very fortunate I recorded that entire encounter. It's in the film. It's, it's extraordinary. But to answer your question, they, they take the train sometimes they get off the train. They walked up to, in the film, what you see is they walk up to El Paso area in particular, see it a Juarez. And then they, they, they cut through the fence. You actually see this happening. They run drugs through the fence.


A lot of the children are lured here. You also see that these are very hard images to see and it's very difficult to show it. But we show a little bit of it. Some of the children are drugged. We show that. We actually see in the movie Drugged Children. And you see their faces. You can see things have happened to them. And you see the smugglers go through this graded fence, carry the drugs. We actually ran after him talked to them, they said they paid to get here. One of the immigrants actually tells me he can't tell me who paid him. 'cause they'll kill him. And then, and then they're, they're brought to this parking lot in San Diego. The NGOs put them on a trolley train.


They go to the San Diego airport, the bus drivers. I interview all these people and they put them on airplanes and they bring 'em to places like to New York. I go to New York and I follow that whole process to their final destination. Randall's Island, which is a kind of an encampment in New York City. They're snuck in there. It's just, I guess sometimes Who's On that front? James on, on that front. James, who is Pedro Rodriguez. So that's one of the, the, the, the, the guys in the film that's running one of these churches in New York City. We go undercover in the church and they're just stamping fake addresses. It's rich. They're, you, you pay them and they give you an address. So I go in there as a Ukrainian immigrant, of course I'm not.


And they stamped this document saying, here's your address in New York City. And then they also give us a wristband and a free flight wherever we want to go. So it's, I mean, like I said, you, you gotta have to watch it to believe it. We have a little video of you confronting Pedro Pedro. We'll, we'll play short. We'll watch a little bit of that. You are wondering all these states in New York, in every country fake address, because you are boys of teams and criminals and liars. You are unbelievable stamping fake Addresses Because you are a bunch of teams and criminals. You are still children. Well it seems you are been wanting in three states in, in South America still because you are still children.


I still children, yes. They're still children. Yeah, they do. They take, yeah, they do. Is this best defense is a good offense kind of approach by Pedro. Yeah, You're showing a tinys. I mean it's like, almost like projection there, Megan, this guy lost his mind. And like you've typical O'Keefe investigations, when I asked the subject for comment talking about how I steal children and just saying crazy things, right? He, this gentleman was caught on tape committing perhaps criminal acts, stamping fake addresses. And he was caught. And you see that kind of narcissism, that sociopathy on display when these people are caught red-handed. Why did they give him fake ad addresses?


So that's a question that we explore in the film. He's making money off of the crisis. I mean, this is, okay, so I go into this NGO undercover, catch them on tape stamping all this fake stuff. And I'm a journalist, so I'm outside the place asking for comment. And these Ecuadorian women come up to me and they're speaking in Spanish. And they say to my colleague, who speaks Spanish, can we please sp is he a member of the press? Can we please speak to him? And privately they tell me, this guy is making all this, he's taking advantage of us. He's charging us $1,100 for our asylum claims. And he's scamming us. So wow. I thought, I thought that was remarkable because these people all tell you that it's about helping these people get a better life.


But the immigrants told me, and the illegal immigrants told me that they're being scammed money out of their pocket, their words. And I didn't plan this. It's not like I, these people found me. And they actually jumped in the SUV and gave me an impromptu interview crying about how they're being scammed. And that's when Pedro ran up to me and said, I steal children. My assumption and belief is that perhaps he steals children. That seems like projection. I think he was trying to say enough negative things about you to make the footage unusable. Not understanding that pretty much everyone who's related to news knows you in this country and would not fall for that.


But the, it's, you know, you mentioned the, the children and these women and you can't help but feel for them and their condition. But then you think about the truly bad guys who are coming across the border too. Hurting those women and those children and then hurting our women and our children and our men. Yes. And that's the story out of Nantucket over the past few days, which I do wanna mention. 'cause of course the mainstream media's ignoring it. There are four illegals. This is broken by Fox's, bill Eugen on Wednesday in, and they were arrested by ice last week in Massachusetts, which is a sanctuary state ICE's Boston office, arrested for illegal aliens who are charged with raping or sexually assaulting Nantucket, children and residents, all of whom had been released from local custody despite serious charges.


Elmer Sola an illegal alien from El Salvador, which by the way is part of the Kamala Harris root causes problem. Guess she missed. This one entered the US as a god away and was charged last month with three counts of aggravated child rape. The victim was a Nantucket child, new charge. He's now charged with 11 counts of sex crimes against a child. There's another Brian Daniel Aldana, Avalo Salvadorian illegal alien entered the US as a God away charged in July with raping a Nantucket child. And then two others who appear to be not children, but I'm not exactly sure what their age are.


We searched to see if this story was covered by the mainstream media. CNN zero MS, NBC zero, NBC zero, New York Times Zero, Washington Post Zero. How much ink have they spill James on pets trying to disprove that pets are being eaten. They're really interested in that. This not so much. Well, that's what I hope, you know, I'm an optimist, Megan. And kinda like years ago, 15 years ago, I think you covered that Acorn story where Yeah, we did 15 years ago when Congress defunded Acorn. It was one of those breakthrough moments when the New York Times is forced to report. I believe this film could change things. And I hear you, the media doesn't report on it.


That's why I say people know that things are broken. But this film is not a political film. There's not, I I took all politics outta this, but didn't mention the presidential candidates. This is a, this is a, a, a trends in Dentalist film. Let me give you an example about the children. You mentioned Nantucket. I don't wanna give the the whole thing away, but in the film there is a, a few border patrol agents who blow the whistle. And one of them is just an absolute lion of a man. And he talks about the underage girls. He talks about the rape. And I interviewed him in uniform. He's going out on a limb and he breaks down crying in the film.


Now the cease and the, the border patrol has have just sent him a cease and desist letter the last few days. So I go up, this is in the Canadian border, now we're in Vermont. People don't realize that. It's also the Canadian border is being overrun right now by Haitians and, and various people. And I go up there to confront the border patrol for comment. And the Vermont State Police is parked outside of all the neighborhoods of all the border patrol agents protecting them from my news crew. They detained me. And then we got the footage, we're gonna release it later today of that, I believe, unlawful detention. So it seems like everyone's protecting the system, Meghan, the police, the NGOs, the federal government, they're all protecting each other and, and the press for some reason is protecting that.


So we have to, it's kind of reached a boiling point in this country. I know Kamala's going to the border tomorrow. I think it's reached a boiling. It is not a left or right issue. It's certainly not a conservative or liberal issue. It's a humanitarian issue. It's humanitarian. And The first part about being an alcoholic is you have to recognize you got a problem. So hopefully this film accomplishes that goal. I wanna tell the audience, it's called Line In. The Sand. It's available to the public on October 10th, exclusively on the Tucker Carlson network. James, all the best to you. Thank you so much. Thank you Megan. Hmm. What a story. We are back tomorrow with Jesse Kelly and comedian Rob Schneider. We'll see you then.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.