
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Monday. It is legitimately a happy Monday, isn't it? I don't know about you, but I've been on Cloud nine since last Tuesday night. I feel great. I really do. I feel like America's already becoming greater than it was just by the promise of a Trump presidency. And he's made some staffing announcements that have me feeling especially so we'll get to those in just a bit, especially on immigration.


Meantime, the left and corporate media, but I repeat myself, are still trying to figure out how it all went so disastrously wrong for them. They believed Dan Seltzer, they believed Dan. They believed Dr. Allen Lipman with his keys in his forecast, who says he was totally right about everything. It was just our racism and misogyny that got in the way of him seeing things. Clearly. We showed you that on Friday, and we are starting now to get some of, we still haven't had the big piece. Trust me. I know it's coming. It always does. But we're starting to get some of the juicy details about the Kamala Harris campaign mess. This is what's gonna happen. I told you this before, more and more you're starting to see it. Her team's coming out and blaming President Biden.


He's a hot mess. She inherited a mess. You know she did all she could, but mess, mess. Thanks to Joe Biden. And trust me when I tell you the Joe Biden team will be leaking, what a disaster she is and was behind the scenes. It's probably happening right now. Some publication is probably in the midst of shoring up their sources. And we're gonna have some deep piece that says we spoke to 12 sources who didn't want to go on the record for fear of retribution, even though there can be no retribution now, because her career is over, her political career is done. Meantime, Donald Trump wasting no time getting to work and as I said, has made some big announcements today, which we will get to me.


And there's also drama already unfolding in the US Senate as they gear up to figure out who the new majority leader will be when the new Republican Senate takes office. Okay, joining me now for all of it. The ejs, Emily Jasinski, DC correspondent for Unheard and host of Undercurrents and Eliana Johnson, who is Editor-in-Chief of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the podcast, Inc. Stained Retches.


For those of us holding our breath for the past several months, we can exhale, work can finally be done on the major issues this country's facing, one of the most significant being our national debt. The fact is our nation's broke and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. You might want to diversify your savings. How is that a bad idea in any world? This is why I wanna tell you about birch Gold. So many things are out of our control, out of the president's control, so it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Physical gold. And the best news is it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit. Plus, right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Protect your savings with birch gold. Just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Ladies, welcome back. Hey Megan. Hi Megan. Alright, so I'm dying for the big, the big think piece, but it's not here yet, but I, I will wait. I will be patient. I have no doubt it will come. Okay. I do wanna talk about the think pieces that have been out thus far, trying to explain why she lost, and I'll start with Washington Post. How Kamala Harris and Joe Biden lost to Donald Trump and left Democrats in shambles. They're in shambles. They are in shamble. I, it's, it's a fair, fair assessment. Okay? It starts with Biden. Biden sucked. He refused to meet with pollsters. He dug in.


We had one of the Pod Save America guys out over the weekend saying Biden's internal polls showed that he was going to lose like 49 states, something like, or 400 electoral votes, something incredible in this election and still thought he could win somehow. So the general consensus is F Joe Biden, thanks for coming to where most of us were before. The country's been saying that since the, the the Brandon thing. Let's go Brandon thing then. I love this. They're blaming Kamala Harris's campaign manager. That makes sense. Of course, you'd always blame the campaign manager to some extent, and yet no one has yet blamed Kamala Harris.


Truly like in all these pieces there, I have yet to see the person say she was terrible. She couldn't connect, she couldn't give straight answers. They're much more comfortable, comfortable, I've gotta say with the white female campaign manager and the white male campaign manager, none of them wants to lay a glove on Kamala. What did Jen O'Malley Dillon do wrong? Well, she insisted on having a larger role in the messaging process. She had come over from Team Biden aids just fired ideas into the void. You'd have someone say, what about too risky for too long? And O'Malley Dylan and other senior advisors rejected those pre pushes as lo as well as others push for just a single word dangerous.


Now, this is obviously campaign aids, who felt to steal a term unheard by Jen O'Malley Dylan. And now we're like, if only she had taken my great ideas, we would've, we would've won. This is all just like teaspoons in the ocean stuff. They're totally not getting it. And the piece goes on to say, finally the group settled on what they privately called the three u's or the triple U'S unhinged, unstable and unchecked. Now they're, they're right. That's a terrible idea. And they went on to point out that one campaign responded by saying no one, even in the campaign was able to even remember the three U's. I just said them and even I don't remember unhinged.


That was one of them. Like, it's not catchy. I'll give you one more and then I'll get your reaction. One person says, okay, this one's correct. 'cause they went to somebody who works for Joe Manchin. It's very simple. If you try to win elections by taking, talking to the elites of this country, you're going to get your ass kicked. There are not enough Beyonces, Oprahs or Hollywood elites to elect anyone And. then they go on to talk about how linked their party is to the elites. So of those first two, I think, I mean, some Biden blame, yes, he stuck around for a long time, but I don't think Biden was the answer to their problems. And, I do not think messaging.


Was it And, I Do not And I do think connection to elites is relevant, but they have yet to get to the real core. Ladies, you tell me what you think the real core is. Eliana, I'll start with you. The, The core of the problem, I think is what the Democratic party has come to stand for. And, I. I think the framing of of that piece is sort of misleading. It, it, it frames it as a, is it, was it Biden or was it Harris? And the truth is that it was both because they came to stand for the same thing. Biden was, Biden had a very problematic record, and Harris then refused to distance herself from that record.


So it was both of them. It's not that complicated. But the Democratic party spent the last four years telling voters that the issues that were most important to them, which were the economy and immigration, A, that inflation as it relates to the economy first, that it was transitory and then that they weren't reading data, right. And that actually You know things were getting better and on immigration telling them that it wasn't a problem and you just can't win elections that way. Can't win elections that way by telling voters that the things that they perceive as problems aren't problems.


That was 100% what they did, Emily, the they, they go on like piecemeal to go through like some of the problems without really getting to the heart of it. They po they point out, here's when they get to Kamala Harris. She took some quote bananas and quote positions back in 2019 that came back to haunt her. Yeah. Yes, she did. That's, that should be playing a lot higher in your piece. WaPo and her innate unlikeability and un inability to communicate with people is another. They talk about how now they see the John Kelly fascist stuff as a mistake. Many of us were telling them that all along it was rejected. Now they're second guessing, having her final speech at the ellipse because it brought up January 6th, which they now are acknowledging, may have not been a very powerful closing message.


And they get to finally, she went on the view and she didn't distance herself from Joe Biden. Like, I love all these piecemeal You know hits. I I don't disagree with those piecemeal hits, but to Eliana's point, she just, they're not getting it. Like what she said, the inflation, if you look at all the polls, what the, what the viewers cared about, they cared about the voters. Three things, the top three things. And there's a really interesting survey out right now backing it up, inflation, immigration and cultural issues. Yeah. And, and it's so obvious. I mean, and to some extent this is why the campaign was always gonna be, even though you have Donald Trump is polarizing, like his numbers by election day were higher than they had been in a very long time as favorables.


Arguably, if you're looking across like RCPs national average, his favorability was higher than it had ever been. That said, he's still polarizing to a lot of Americans. So they had a shot of doing something even with inflation and immigration where it was, but they would basically have had to had leaned so so hard into the nuts and bolts kitchen table issues. And even with a terrible candidate like Kamala Harris, which everyone has to agree that she is, she's just a bad candidate. She's not a good national politician even so she got like 47% of the popular vote. So there was a world in which Kamala Harris could have been banging the table talking about immigration, talking about inflation distancing herself from Joe Biden over and over and over again.


She would've had to do that and not running on January 6th, not running on fascism. Interestingly enough, if you look at the RCP national average of the polling, where you saw Kamala Harris start to dip was on October 23rd. That is the day after the Atlantic story about John Kelly saying that Trump wanted generals like Hitler. That's the day after that story came out. It never recovered after that. Which is super interesting because Kamala Harris and Democrats took that story, literally projected it onto Madison Square Garden the night of Trump's rally and started talking about it nonstop for days afterwards. That should have been obvious that it was distracting from their kitchen table pitch, that their kitchen table pitch wasn't strong enough to begin with.


All of these things, it's just so obvious. And to watch the hand wringing right now from like, as you said, Megan John FAU of Pod Save America, who was covering up for Biden's age over and over again. I mean, it's just like they suddenly, it's okay for them to say some of the obvious and to explore some of the obvious, but they were the ones that were enforcing this really strict position where you couldn't speak truth for months and months. So yes, welcome to the party everyone, but I'm not impressed by your sudden realizations. Just this morning on the New York Times podcast, the daily Eliana, they were going through You know why her message didn't resonate and they were trying to take on the e the economy and inflation and the, the, I mean, just the nerve of these guys, the the nerve.


Where was your honesty about this before the election, when, when voters were looking for the straight scoop and frankly your readers may have been looking for the fra for, for the straight scoop on where she was going wrong prior to the vote. You know, I mean think about it from their perspective. They wanted to help Kamala Harris. Why wouldn't some honesty prior to the election have done that? Why wouldn't some questions to her pressing the weaknesses in her position, which tend to shore up a candidate rather than cut them down have been appropriate prior to November five. So what they did, we're talking about this morning on the New York Times, this audience is gonna appreciate this acutely was well, she tried to speak to economic issues, but she had very pinprick strikes that didn't appeal to a wide swath of voters.


I have been saying this and my audience has been writing me about this for months. It's great that she wants to give the child tax credit, but unless you have a child And it's first year, it really doesn't help you. It's great that she wants to help first time home buyers, but the vast majority of Americans are not in that place in their life either because they're not yet ready to buy one, they, they're not interested, they wanna rent or they already bought their first home. It's like the, her constant focus on diabetes medication. Oh, okay, great. If you're a diabetic, most of us aren't. And even the New York Times is now admitting these were too small. And you look over at Trump and he's like, I will take on China.


I will war with tariffs. I will make sure manufacturing jobs stay here, stuff that will help everybody, all of the US co economy. And he had four years to point to where he actually did have a booming economy. Yeah, You know on, on the economy, Harris did, look, there's two separate issues. One is the messages they chose on the various issues, and the other is her ability to articulate and answer questions about issues and both were problematic. She did try to talk about inflation, but her message on it was, I'm going to address price gouging And I. Just don't think that the average American thinks that You know the manager of the Safeway down the street or the Piggly Wiggly or whatever is like that their groceries are expensive and shot up You know eggs cost three times more because Safeway is price gouging.


I I don't think And, I'd be curious to see polling numbers on this. I don't think people really believe that And I would have a hard time thinking that that resonates with people. The other is her ability to have exchanges with voters and reporters about these issues. You mentioned You know the pod Save America, bro pressing the weaknesses in her positions. She just did not prove herself a capable candidate in terms of having those sorts of exchanges. And, and that gets to her just weakness in terms of candidate skills and to the Democratic party's process around this and that they decided because Biden decided to run and then he decide, You know, you could even go further back.


He decided to pick a vice president based on checking gender and race boxes, which he said explicitly at the time. Then he decided to run again. Then he decided to bow out and elevate her without having any sort of competitive process that she just had not been put through the paces. By the time she was elevated to the top of the national ticket And, it really did produce sort of, I would say a perfect storm for the Republican side, but but a disaster storm for Democrats where they had a candidate who chose bad policy positions and then couldn't like articulate, couldn't she, and, and articulated them poorly.


It's amazing because it, it's like you, you look back now at how it all unfolded and at the time of the switcheroo, I mean, I guess I thought that Joe Biden's endorsement of her was forced that that's, that was my general feeling at the time that they kind of leaned on him and said, you gotta get out and you gotta give her your endorsement because we don't have time for this open primary. And that, frankly, that could still be true. I don't know. But they're changing the messaging on it now or they're, they're offering some new messaging because You know Emily, there is a question back to your point you just made, whether Kamala Harris could have distanced herself from Joe Biden or whether her not doing that was in any way part of a deal that she made with him.


Like did, when he called her up to say, I'm, I'm stepping out, was there some sort of a deal struck where she said, I I would love to have your endorsement. And he said, I'll give it so long as you don't run around for the next a hundred days bashing me. I don't know what happened in that conversation, but for the first time now we're learning from Nancy Pelosi supposedly that she didn't expect that endorsement and that she allegedly was sitting there waiting for the open primary bottoms up thing that they all told us we got and that we didn't get. And listen to hear to her here in the New York Times interview she gave Should there have been an open primary though?


Well see, we thought that there would be a You know there it was. The anticipation was that, that if there, if the president were to step aside, that there would be an open primary. And as I say, Kamala may have, I think she would've done well in that and been stronger going forward. But we, we don't know that that didn't happen. We live with what happened and because the president endorsed Kamala Harris immediately, that really made it almost impossible to have a primary at that time. It's very interesting. She's basically blaming Biden for Kamala Harris becoming the nominee, suggesting the rest of us were not expecting it to go down like that, but he forced her on us.


Hmm. Yeah, I mean this is Nancy Pelosi at her, let's say shrews. I guess her political instincts are strong, but I'm also curious as to how hard leaders like Nancy Pelosi were pushing Joe Biden to resign before he ultimately did after that debate. Because you can really take the disaster of this election for Democrats all the way back to Joe Biden's decision A, not to entertain a primary B, then not to actually listen seriously to public polling. People saw that he was way too old. I mean, the polls, when you go back, it was so obvious that people were like uncomfortable with Joe Biden's age. And now Nancy Pelosi's saying You know we all expected an open primary. It's interesting, Meghan, because that answer that Kamala Harris gave on the view I think was October 8th, and now there's some shot in Freud about Sonny Hassan unintentionally like bringing down the Kamala Harris campaign by asking how she'd be different from Joe Biden.


And she didn't have an answer other than there's nothing that immediately comes to mind, which I think gets to your theory. It's like that would be the one question that you would have a scripted and just like pitch Perfect answer to that. That is the one question And. then they did some cleanup on it after that horrible answer. But it does get to your barely your theory, right? And, it Gets your theory. Theory barely to kind of clean up I do of my kitchen very halfhearted. It's Like, did she have, she didn't have permission. It like it's it's possible she didn't have permission to actually go as hard after the Biden legacy as she needed to. And anyone could Have told you that. Oh, come on, come on. Anyone could have told you that when the switch happened that you would need to go to have a successful campaign.


You would need to go very, very hard against inflation. You would need to go very, very hard against immigration. Could she have done that? I mean, she would've been lying. She would've been lying, but she could've gone harder. Go ahead, Eliana. No, I don't, I don't buy that. Look, she could tell Biden, let's, okay, they made a deal in the back room. Let, let's just stipulate. Then she gets the nomination. What's he gonna do when she starts trashing him? This is You know big boys and girls presidential politics. What's he gonna do? I just don't buy that. She's so has You know. She just felt the need to keep her word so much she couldn't You know run a good campaign.


Why Didn't she do it? Why do you think she didn't go after she, she she offered no separation between them. You know Occam's razor. She has bad judgment and she's a bad politician. And I think she's always been, I think she's risk averse and she doesn't like to make decisions and You know that that would be my best guess as to why. And And, it takes a certain level of skill to separate yourself from an administration of which you were a part. And I'm not sure she actually has that level of, of rhetorical skill.


She's so dumb. I like, I trying to me crazy's. It's so stupid. She's so stupid. Is Jen O'Malley Dylan's so stupid. David pl iss not so stupid to to, to understand how to say the following. My role as vice president was to support him and his agenda. No one elected me to enact my agenda. They elected me to be in a supporting role to the guy who won. And I've performed in that role. Now I'm being asked, what is my agenda? And I will tell you my agenda is we need to do something about the border. We need to do something about inflation. The I've seen these problems. And I understand the pain people are feeling and then you just pivot away like she was totally incapable of doing even that. The, the o advisors must have seen the need to do that.


Yeah. Well Megan, I think you'd make a much more capable presidential camp candidate than Kamala Harris Or General O'Malley Di Dylan or David Pluff. Yes. Yeah, And I. Think also, that's the thing like the Biden family. Biden is waning, but Biden is still powerful. The Biden families, his allies are powerful people like General O'Malley Dylan and Biden Ally is powerful and would be after a potential Kamala Harris loss. They still are. That's the amazing thing in democratic politics is how often you can fail upward and continue to get successful positions after losing and losing and losing. So all of their like ruminations right now are kind of amusing from the outside. But the sad thing is that there's this tug of war going on. You saw it on MSNBC when Eddie Glaude Jr.


And Stephanie Rule, Stephanie Rule tried to kind of disagree with Eddie iad Jr. That this was all about bigotry and racism and misogyny. And she said people voted for Trump because of inflation in their pocketbook, their bank accounts. And he stepped back in and said, no, that's You know. Basically said that she was out of touch as a white person. And Stephanie Rule kind Of said, let hold your, hold your thought on that. I'm gonna play the soundbite and take it on the back end section 21. Good. There's this sense, right, that whiteness right is under threat. The demographic shifts. The country isn't what all of these racially ambiguous children on Cheerios commercials are confusing the hell out of me, right Eddie? A lot of people voted because their life's too damn expensive.


And it And it was here, And it. They Voted for. You are telling me, Stephan, that all of these people who believe that their lives are, that bread is too high and eggs are too high, that they voted for a convicted fella, a guy who said, we can grab the Pee. I think, but I think there are tons of people that don't pay attention to And. I'm not defending it, don't pay attention to politics at all. But we, while we live in the most prosperous country in the world, people are saying, life's not fair. I'm not doing well. My son's still living in the basement. I can't seem to get a job. I don't like the status quo of voting for something else. I do not believe that. I cannot believe that.


And reason I you check your drama believe it is because you don't want to believe that. That's what's really motivating them. It's always the case. We, people don't wanna believe what the country actually is because if they believe it, they're gonna have to confront what's in them. Princeton University professor, good lord. Can I just say one thing? Like all of it, You know, even her, I'm not defending it. They're, they're uninformed. I, I mean, I just wanna concede that they're uninformed. I'm not defending it. They don't have the time to understand what a fascist, awful person he is. So they just voted for their, their pocketbook and then he, him Emily playing like the emotion, you don't get it.


He's basically playing the race card. Like you don't understand. You don't wanna believe what the country is, but I have to live it. I would've laughed in his face. It would've been fun to laugh in his face. Honestly, I, one of these days I wanna sit down. I have a lot of black listeners and viewers to this show. I would love to see any one of them sitting across from this guy playing his empty race card over and over. He, it only worked against Stephanie rule because she has currency with these white liberal elites who need you to feel that way. They, you need to accept Eddie's worldview in order to be invited back to the cocktail party. So she's gotta be like, oh yeah, yeah, I feel the same.


We're terrible. We're terrible. But You know. It's just like they, they didn't do their homework anyway. Sorry, go ahead. No, she's my favorite. I call her Stephanie. What about Park Avenue rule? Because one time she actually challenged Biden for demonizing Park Avenue. And so people who live on Park Avenue are Americans too. Mr. Biden amazing. But that is, I mean I was thinking the same thing. I was like, I would love to see a black Trump supporter in conversation with Eddie Glaude Jr. Because it is just so insulated. But this is what's happening in the party right now is you have like half of the voices saying that this was about misogyny and racism and the problem was with America, not with Kamala Harris. Then you have the other half people like John Favreau and Ezra Klein who are now trying to say the Democratic party is fundamentally out of touch.


You have to start treating people like Joe Biden or Joe Biden, Joe Rogan, who's a median voter, who's not a conservative person at all. You have to start treating him with respect and you have to start treating him seriously. And you have to start treating his listeners with respect and those two positions. What I find amusing and also kind of disgusting about it, is that the people who are playing the race and sex card are holding everyone else hostage and prisoner because they, and, and by the way, everyone else who is now trying to course correct is responsible for their hos their own hostage situation because they enfolded. Yes. And they promoted that bullshit for years and years and years. And now they're actually trying to course correct and they can't because they're being held back by Eddie Glad Jr.


Who said just the dumbest stuff right there and has been promoted to be on MSNBC like every minute of every day if you look up at MSNBC, there he is because they wanted, they were supporting and promoting those ideas about American voters. That's So right Emily, that is so brilliant. That's exactly right. They painted their own prison cells and now they're locked in them and can't figure out how to get out of them. And Eddie's on the outside like that. You're where you belong. Here's just a little bit more from this guy. The audience may remember we ran a sound bite of him in October where he almost broke down on MSNBC watch. He's dangerous, he's dangerous to particular people because we gotta keep this chaite out of office.


'cause if he comes in, our babies are gonna be in danger. 'cause remember, those young children are gonna grow up with the memory of having to not go to school for the threat of bombs. And somebody told him that their moms and dads eat cats eats. If they eat cats and dogs, I'll, I'll get myself together, Claire. Okay, take a minute. Deep Breath. Oh my God. Well what about That? I understand Eddie, he did need a minute to find his balls. I like what's with the blubber ring? Like, oh, they're gonna have to, oh my God, the bomb threats were bullshit from a foreign country that like, of course he, this is, they're talking about Springfield, Ohio in the wake of the dogs and cats thing.


Like this is, but this is a car, this is a manipulation Eliana by this guy to be on there. Like, I'm crying because I'm black and, and the children were shamed by the, by the dogs and cats thing. And here he is again now to Stephanie Rule, like you just don't wanna admit what America is to people like me there. The whole point of this And I made this point on Friday is there's no excising that lunacy from the Democrat party. They made the Eddie Glaude juniors and they're going to have to live with the Eddie Glaude Juniors And I don't know what their future looks like, but they cannot coexist in the same party if they try to take out their fealty to identity politics.


Well, Megan, you you asked why didn't Harris throw Biden under the bus and say You know inflation is a huge problem. Immigration is a huge problem. And And I think part of it was fear of the Eddie Glaude Jr. Wing of the party and how they would react if they saw her pivot to say, You know the concerns of Trump that the concerns Trump raises and the concerns of his voters are serious because that faction of the party simply doesn't believe that they believe that the animating force of those voters is racism, misogyny and bigotry. And I think You know there was no point throughout this election at which she was willing to stand up to the far left of the party, including in clarifying why she had pivoted away from some of her You know Looney Tunes 2019 positions.


And I do think I I do, I I think that's probably the best ex explanation for why she didn't disown Biden. And the other thing I would say about Eddie Glaude Jr et cetera, is Trump thrives off of that dy of off of the dynamic of their existence. Their views are so alienating to the MAGA wing of the party. And he, he truly thrives off of that dynamic. And You know when I, when I see that sort of thing, my response is sort of like, keep, keep going because Me too, because They are propelling You know every time one of those clip airs a new Trump voter is created.


Well there's a really quick point on this. It's did you guys see Seth Moulton, his representative? Yeah. Said something about how You know we shouldn't have boys competing in sports. Who his staff quit. Yeah, he said that after the election, two of his staffers quit. This is the perfect illustration of them painting themselves into their own prisons. He is exactly the example because Seth Molten has been 180 degrees away from where he purports to now be when it comes to his legislative record. He's upset his girls might have to play against boys on the, on the field hockey field. It's because of you Seth, that they do. You opposed the legislation that would've stopped it.


You wrote and co-sponsored and voted for legislation that would require it screw you and your totally false empty protestations. Now either you're lying right now about your concerns about your daughters, or you're telling the truth and you completely effed them just to get voter support behind you when you actually had the pen in your hand. Either way, you're a Creighton, you're a hundred percent exactly what's wrong with politicians today. I can't stand you, you make me wanna move to Massachusetts where I am admitted to practice law, sir, and run against you. Maybe I'll file some legal challenge against you. If I don't decide to run for office, I'm not gonna have to dust off my Massachusetts bar card to make sure you get effed like you effed the girls of Massachusetts.


Okay, sorry, I'm not sorry actually. So on the, on the focus of identity politics and the impossibility of getting rid of the Eddie Glaude Jr. Strain, it's not just him, it's the strain of the Democrat party. We've gotta spend another min yes, another minute on Joy Reed. It's a TikTok situation until her ass is fired. It just, there's no way MSNBC, which is in a full meltdown now about how bad their losses were. There's no way they can keep this woman I don't like. I realize they're in the same problem that the Democrat Party is like they have a base that they need to keep, but she and her little friend, Ellie Missal, are truly the most racist people on television. And here's her latest messaging as some groups indeed are reportedly planning some march like the Women's March.


Now they're trying to get a march ready. That'll, that'll do it. They're gonna bust out their pee hats again. Okay. All they worked out so well the last time. And listen to Joy Reed's reaction. Hey, I just wanna give some free advice to the white progressives, particularly white progressive women who may be thinking about marching against the Trump victory, maybe putting back on the P word hats and doing that thing. I I would just say probably don't send any of those invites to any black women. You know, I I'm just gonna tell you right now, they're not coming. Like I'm pretty sure black women have resigned from the Save America Coalition, save Democracy Coalition and definitely the Save the Democratic Party Coalition.


I think that's probably not happening. I would just keep those invites maybe among your own friends because I don't think, I don't think they're coming. But yeah, I think black women are now on the save. Black women prioritize black men and prioritize black communities, black businesses and, and that and You know the black spaces, but save America, save the Democratic Party. Yeah, I don't think that's happening. Okay, first of all, where is your hair? What, what happened to your hair, Joey? It's gone. Like, it's gone from like, it looked like Trump's hair and now it's gone all together. Any who? This is what happens when you get bitter and bitter and bitter and we've seen all these women shaving off their hair online.


Have you seen this? This is like part of the resistance effort to, to telegraph that you hate Trump. These You know somewhat okay looking women are shaving off their hair. So I don't know if that is what she did there, but we already knew that you were a far lefty. You didn't have to shave your head. Second of all the nerve to like, this is what happens, right Emily? She looks at the white progressive women as like, what, what more self-flagellation could white progressive women have done to earn the little pat on the head from the joy reads of the world. Ladies pay attention. It doesn't get you anywhere. If you, the conservative women or the more moderate white women let you down, you'll be lumped in your whiteness comes first before you, your progressivism does in this battlefield.


You'll be diminished, you'll be rejected by the joy Reeds of the world Until what? Until Joy Reed gets her way at the ballot box. Emily. Well, and Joy Reed is really speaking on behalf of elite, progressive black women. She's not speaking on behalf of black women as a whole. Because what we've seen over and over again in polling is that the, the sort of Democratic party and its activists are far further to the left of actual black voters Hispanic voters than they are themselves. So on issues like policing on issues like economics, like they tend to be cultural issues for sure. The people like Joy Reed who are in elite media spaces are further to the left. And so her sort of going and, and giving this free advice as though anybody should care about her free advice after what just happened and her performance as a journalist over the course of the cycle is hilarious.


But I am curious what MSNBC does about, like how overt racism coming from Joy Reed and now the stall, which happens all of the time on their shows, do they now recognize it as toxic racism now that it's sort of been clear, it's been rejected by voters, it kind of gives them license to say, all right, this is not working, this is too far, this is radical, this is extremism, we're platforming it You know those are executives in the c-suites who are thinking through these questions. Do they now say we have to stop platforming this extreme racism and acting like it's constructive and healthy? I'm actually pretty curious about that. Me too. Here's a little bit more from her. Her warnings post his victory. Eliana sought 20. Don't think because you have a green card and came through the right way.


If you're brown, you may not stick around. I don't think they care whether you have a green card or not. They're pulling people out and taking people out of this country, whether they you like it or not, Ali, or whether you voted for them or not. Surprise. So he's going to deport all brown people even if you're here legally like this. NBC owns MSNBC and this organization is allowing her to spew this racist hate on their channel that he's going to deport all brown people, even those here legally. Eliana, truly, how long can, can they allow this and can that party with that kind of thinking survive?


You know, there've been a couple news articles that have floated the idea that NBC and that Comcast may may sell MSNBC, And I do think that's being floated for reasons like this. Because although the cable news network, the cable news arm of of the network makes money, it it does cause some problems for the larger enterprise. And I wouldn't be totally shocked to see that happen. A lot of the headlines they make are for cliffs, like, like the ones you just played. And it's now intentionally being floated in the press that this thing may, may be spun off into its own orbit and Joy Reid will be a big part of that.


But also You know some of the stuff that's on Morning Joe and elsewhere. It is all over the network, which has intentionally defined itself as a, as a resistance network. You know you recall the, the absolute hysterics over the fact that Rona McDaniel was brought on, brought on as a contributor where it was Ms. NBC host that torpedoed something that NBC was trying to do. She was supposed to be a contributor for NBC and and things like that. So I actually wouldn't be shocked to see it be sold Because why? Because she's, she was a paid liar because, and because she attacked the media. She, and it's like that they're worried about her being a paid liar from a woman who's saying Trump is going to deport all brown people, even those who are here l but they care about honesty.


Eliana It because it's a constant public relations liability for the larger NBC news Comcast Enterprise. Yeah. Oh indeed. And look it the stuff that she's pedaling, like if she wants a race riot, that's really what you take away listening to Joy Re she actually does want some sort of rioting in the streets, some sort of race revolt she had on this person. Again, this is just on Friday. This is an ancient history to counsel people who don't wanna be around their family members who voted Trump. And sadly, this actually may have been necessary because if you go online, you'll see a ton of lunatics who actually are talking about disowning family members who voted Trump.


Listen here, You know. When You know someone voted that way, do you recommend just from a psychological standpoint being around them, we got the holidays coming up, So I love that you asked this question because You know there is a push, I think just a societal norm that if somebody is your family, that they are entitled to your time And I think the answer is absolutely not. So if you are going to a situation where you have family members, where you have close friends who You know, have voted in ways that are against you, like what you said against your livelihood, and it's completely fine to not be around those people and to tell them why You know to say, I have a problem with the way that you voted because it went against my very livelihood.


And I'm not gonna be around you this holiday. I need to take some space for me. And I actually talked to You know adults as well as advising parents for children. I mean, I think You know. I don't think that you should force children. I don't think you should force adults to be around people just because they're your family. I think there's a level of You know need to establish boundaries. And if you feel like you need to establish boundaries with people, whether they're your family or not, I think you should very much be entitled to do so. And I think it may be essential for your mental health. Hmm. These people are sick. They're sick. Emily, I look at this whole thing as like, it started in the Democratic party, like a, like a cancer, like a basal cell that maybe you could just removed and moved on without too much invasive things.


Too many invasive things happening to you. And now it is a full-blown metastatic pancreatic cancer. And the Joy reads and the Eddie gls, they're everywhere. And this woman who says not not just you but your children in, they need to get 'em away from people who are pro-Trump. Okay? Good luck with that because children go to school and they see children who disagree with things. And you want your children not to see nana and popup who are in their eighties, who voted for Trump for reasons like wisdom that comes with age. But you've gotta turn it into they're racist and they can't be around each other. This is, it's sick. So, and also like something like three in 10 black men under the age of 45, according to the Associated Press, voted for Donald Trump.


And same thing, he, he got over 50% of the popular vote. So you're talking about just completely blocking off a vast swath of the country. And on top of that, this means basically what Joy Reid is doing is continuing to mainstream these totally abstract academic concepts of internalized racism and internalized misogyny. Like if we pulled back the layers of the onion as to what she's trying to argue in that segment, it's that you shouldn't associate even with black voters for Trump or female voters for Trump because they are internalizing misogyny. They're internalizing racism, internalizing sexism. That's what it comes down to at the end of the day. Meaning they are then promoting the racism and sexism back, back out into society despite being women or black voters.


They're still responsible for this racism over and over again. And we saw this a lot during the Trump years, but this to your point about comparing this metaphorically to cancer, this is a cancer cell that started in academia and people who went through academia were crying for the roof from the rooftops for years saying, please, please pay attention. This is becoming mainstream. This is being planted. The seed is being planted in the minds of young people. And they're moving into c-suites. They're moving into newsrooms. They're moving into boardrooms. Please do some like stop throwing them a bone. Stop extending the olive branch. Stop taking this stuff seriously because it is utterly unserious. It is stupid. It is illogical, it is postmodern And. it is stupid. And that's what you now see and toxic and yes, and racist and unhealthy and just awful.


And this is now what you see ha having infiltrated fully the newsrooms of major papers and MSNBC. And now what are you gonna do about it? And I mean joy. N Reid lied about cnn. Joy Reid lied about her blog being hacked when people found old posts on it that were objectionable, she lied about it. And MSNBC, they Anti-gay Yes, yes. By her own standard would be wildly homophobic. And she claims she was hacked and they didn't get rid of her after that. So I'm, I mean, I don't know. I don't know. Here's the other piece of it. So the watching the left and, and that is CNN too. Try to grapple with the messaging on the trans issue has been, I'm not gonna lie, very entertaining.


Like I don't give a shit about them anymore. You, you accept it. You don't accept it. The the rest of the country is forging on without you be left in the dust and keep losing or pay attention to us and take us seriously. And like this guy in Massachusetts, I'm perfectly wide open to the idea that you are now on my side in this side of the Normies. But you must atone, sir, you must tell us that you realize you've been on the wrong side. You're sorry for your votes, you will now change your votes and you regret putting young girls in the position that your daughters have been in, then you're welcome and smearing, but you're not just gonna and Searing people on over people who disagreed with you. They smeared people who disagreed with them for years. The Equality Act, if you disagree with the Equality Act, you were a bigot for years.


They did that. Exactly. So, but they are starting to realize that we were all right and they've been completely on the wrong side. And the vast majority of Americans are on our side too, the side of the Normies. So here is the thing I mentioned to you earlier, this is amazing. There is a new public opinion research initiative called Blueprint. It's designed to take a sober detailed look at what Democrats need to do to win in 2024, right? So they, they were looking at this election and now they'll be looking at the next, at the next one. And they did a postmortem on the vote last week, why America chose Trump inflation immigration and the Democratic brand.


Alright, what does that mean? So it's this long list, you can see it's like all color coded. These are the top issues. Then it goes all the way down. And the number one issue, and they, I get, I need my readers on this so such tiny print, okay? The number one is inflation was too high under Biden Harris. The number two was too many immigrants illegally crossed the border under Biden Harris. And number three was Kamala Harris is focused more on cultural issues like transgender issues rather than helping the middle class. And if you look at the breakdown by like group, the number one issue, so overall for all voters, it was in that order, one, two, and three.


But if you look at all swing voters and swing voters who chose Trump, the number one issue was the trans issue. The number one issue, the number one thing that drove the swing state voters to Trump over Harris was the trans issue. And the so-called Culture wars. So you go ahead and ignore it at your peril Democrats and get used to being a loser because that's the position you'll be in forevermore until you come on board. But they're having a really difficult time coming to terms with it.


Ladies, I give you the CNN panel on Friday where Jay Michelson basically loses his shit in response to the transgender issue. Watch, I think There are a lot of families out there who don't believe boys should play girls sports. They're not boys. I'm not gonna listen to transphobia at this table. I am not gonna listen to you call a trans girl a boy that has, when you use a word just to slur, I'm gonna interrupt. That's not how it is. They're not boys. They're not boys. Second, they're not playing girls softball. Let's just reset for one. I'm not gonna sit there. Let's reset for a second because I look, this is a really heated issue, right?


And sure, Michael, I know you, I know that you understand that people have different views on this. I think out of respect for Jay, like let's try to talk about this in a way that is respectful. Okay? So let, let me rephrase this since I'm being targeted here. I, I don't you not no, it's to clear you're not being targeted, but I'm, but it's okay. I I'm specifically saying that I know that you are not intending to be transphobic. This whole thing about trans girls is a, is a canard. It's, we're talking about a tiny, tiny sliver of the population. Gotta Make regular people with children look at these things and they say, You know what? This is a bit too far. You may disagree with that reality, but that's why Republicans kept running those ads over and over and over again because they saw the metrics suggested that they were Working and lie in those ads over and over again.


And using rhetoric like you just used saying this is boys playing girls sports. Okay, sure. Michael Singleton, a moderate Republican analyst doing the Lord's work there trying, trying to correct or or stand by the actual biological facts there. And this guy Jay Michelson not having upset, it's a slur to call a boy a boy. You have to call a boy who says he is trans, a girl, a trans girl, and he will not sit on this set and allow that slur to be uttered. And then Abby Philip, who's just insufferable comes in to try to like regain control and looks at sure Michael to say like, I understand You know your intent wasn't to offend, but on this set we're going to use You know language.


That's not offensive. She, because she too, just like Stephanie rule needs to be in the club. She's gotta say it the way the left wants her to say it. Or she might lose, lose her elite leftist card and sure, Michael was a hundred percent right. Just the most gentle pushback Eliana of like, this kind of is an issue. He's probably looking at the chart and Jay Michelson hasn't seen the chart that if he maintains this nonsense position, he will lose the swing states forever. Eliana. Yeah, that was a totally bananas and not the only one of those crazy round tables that we've seen And I do actually think Abby Phillips's role there was the most problematic where she's supposed to be the neutral moderator and ways to say, this is not You know this is the sort of language we're gonna use, which is actually not a neutral position.


You know. Wait, I think standby The right because I, I'm desperate to hear your full answer on this. I've gotta squeeze in a quick break for SiriusXM. We'll pick it up right there in just a couple minutes.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of June, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


You okay, Eliana? We were talking about the left and it's grappling with the trans insanity that they unleashed on us. Oh, you'd played that clip of Abby Phillip trying to regain control of her You know crazy panel on CNN and You know one of the guests interrupted another to say, don't say it's boys playing girls sports. They're not boys. They're not boys. And she asked that You know the person who said, boys playing girls sports, use the appropriate language. And that to me is the most egregious thing that happened on that panel.


You know the person who said they're not boys. He's that that guy's entitled to his opinion. Sher Michael's entitled to his opinion, but for the ostensibly neutral CNN anchor to weigh in and say You know, it's the view of the, the the neutral person that this is the language we're going to use is, is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. Like Right, the, the job of the anchor To Say And I will deal in facts. We deal in facts here on the show. The fact is it's a biological boy and her panelist, Jay is the one who needed the correction. You may consider them some sort of a girl, a fake girl, a trans girl, a boy posing as a, whatever your language is, that's okay for you here as the anchor.


We need to speak factually or the viewers won't have any clue what the controversy is about. Or To say like, You know what on this set, we're gonna have room for both opinions. Like you gotta let this guy talk. Shh. Okay? But CNN can't do that because associate the Associated Press style on transgenderism was changed years ago. And all of these newsrooms abide by it. So speaking on the theme that we've been talking about, all show about being painted into their own prisons, they have all accepted the Associated Press. Even some conservative news outlets at the time accepted the Associated Press guideline on transgenderism and they did the same thing with immigration. There are all kinds of AP style guide capitalizing B for black, like these are all changes that the newsrooms have accepted.


So if Abby Philip wanted to be a genuinely neutral moderator, she would have to shirk the Associated press guideline on discussing transgenderism that her newsroom has accepted as the, the kind and non bigoted and civil way to refer to people for years now. Like they have to, if they wanna go back on this, they have to admit that for years and years they were wrong. And. I'm kind of interested to see how that goes. You've got Senator Chris Murphy, a democrat here in my adopted home state of Connecticut who's out there trying to offer his postmortem on what happened. It was a cataclysm electoral map, wipe out Senate D practical ceiling is now 52 seats.


We're up to 53. Chris FYI. Time to rebuild the left. We're out of touch with the crisis of meaning, purpose, fueling maga. We refuse to pick big fights. Our tent is too small. Does racism explain part of the attraction of the right's? Nativism of course, but mass deportation is a terrible response to American's. Real sense that they are helpless in the face of global forces like increased migration. The left largely ignores this pain. So we have to address the pain, but not with the de, with the solution of deportation because it's racist says he, we don't listen enough. We tell people what's good for them. Okay? And when progressives like Bernie aggressively go after the elites that hold people down, they're shunned as dangerous populace.


Why? Maybe because true economic populism is bad for our high income base. Correct. And then he says, meanwhile men tumble into a different kind of identity crisis as the patriarchy society's primary organizing paradigm for centuries rightly crashes. This is this guy trying to have it both ways, right? Like they're racist. I understand they're racist 'cause they support Trump and his deportations, but they're not wrong about immigration. The men are having an identity crisis because their patriarchy is rightly crashing. The right pushes an alluring dial back. The left says, get over it again. A refusal to listen and offer responsible solutions. You see, we need to crash the patriarchy, but we need to offer responsible solutions to that crashing, which we support and want.


We need to recognize their racism in wanting immigrants out, but we need to not mock it. We need to offer a more sensible, this is disgusting. This guy's a eff and You know what's not on his list. Anything having to do with the trans issue, which he just like that guy in Massachusetts has been shoving down our throats here in Connecticut. Completely on the wrong side. He is a far left radical, and this is what he was saying two months ago. This was September or October. Watch As a parent personally, I celebrate those few transgender kids who often spend their entire adolescence being shamed or marginalized by the kind of small people who push resolutions like this.


I celebrate the fact that they get the experience of the comradery and the happiness that comes with being part, part of a sports team. I think that's great. I don't think that's a threat to my kids. I don't think that's a threat to my community or the nation. This is an absurd resolution. It's designed to distract Americans from Republicans real agendas. It's designed to build a culture of fear and mistrust. He's really focused on, on the happiness he wants to make the trans kids happy. Eliana, unlike the girls who are having literally all of their teeth knocked out by boys on the field hockey field, or the girls like those in Wisconsin who went into the girls' locker room after a sports match and had a so-called trans student, an 18-year-old male come in fully naked to join them in the shower.


But Chris Murphy is super glad that the so-called trans student is happy and all the others who are unhappy, the actual girls who have a right to their privacy and do fair play and and safe play, they can f right off in his world because their happiness, it's just not a priority 'cause this is a small number. Look, I think there are gonna be a lot of clips like this that Democrats are gonna have to reckon with because the truth is that the party went way too far left and embraced a lot of issues that You know America that ended up repelling a majority of Americans. And there's gonna be a, a pivot away from these sorts of cultural issues.


And I think it's gonna take two or three years for the party to figure out how do they talk about issues that actually matter, both matter to Americans and don't repel them because the trans issues is, is one that matters deeply to them. But the way Democrats have been talking about it is one that deeply alienates You know most normal people. So I I think it's, it's this gonna take a while for democrats to, to untangle and they're gonna have to be willing to make a lot of people in their own coalition very angry. I mean, look at, look at that chart, Emily. It's, it was the number one issue for swing state voters. Number one, it's above inflation, it's above immigration.


Ignore it at your peril. Chris Murphy and all of you other late to the party Democrats who are racking your You know, wring your hands and racking your brains trying to figure out how this happened. We all know that while we'd like to think we matter in states like Connecticut and New York and California, the ones who decide the presidency live in those seven critical swing states and they're paying attention and they've had it with this nonsense. Yeah, by the way, Megan, I mean we should note, and when you say it was the number one issue, the Trump campaign also also worked very hard to make it the number one issue. And that their best ad was about this issue. And they poured hundreds of millions of dollars into putting that ad on the television sets of swing state voters.


And they had a really catchy tagline. Kamala Harris is for they them, and Donald Trump is for you And it. So I think it's hard to separate the two. 'cause of course, before the campaign started, voters would've said inflation, immigration are the top two issues. But I think the Trump campaign did a lot to bring out this issue knowing that it was something that would really alienate You know regular independent voters, pe undecided voters from Kamala Harris and the Democratic Party. To their credit, to their credit they did. But I, I have to say, the women and the men like Bill Boris, who have been activists in this space for years, are the ones who made the Trump campaign recognize that they had a live wire here.


That they, there was something in the American populace that was infuriating. A lot of lovely, well-meaning parents who had been tolerant for too long in an effort to be inclusive, not bully, but then had seen a shift to where biological girls, girls were getting bullied and hurt. And even when I talked to Trump a couple of years ago, You know it was, he was a little on his heels when I said, can a man become a woman? He handled it, but this wasn't really, and And I was late to the party. But there have been women and men in this space for a long time who have been really pushing this and have been totally fearless. You know, I, so I think about them, I thought about them last week too.


It's a massive victory that they made the Trump campaign make this an issue and look at the response, Emily. Yeah, that is such a, such a good point. I remember when I was covering Title IX back in like 2017 and Betsy DeVos was hesitant about actually undoing some of what the Obama administration had done because the cultural pressure at the time coming from outlets like CNN and You know the Associate Press and all of these places was so strong that even somebody like Betsy DeVos was You know, being very, very careful about how hand, how to handle the issue. And now we fast forward And I, I mean shout out to people like Terry Shilling, the American Principles Project, who, when I talked to him a couple of days before the election, I asked him, how are you feeling about suburban women?


And one of the things he said was working was running on pushback against the transgender issue. And that was, I found that very, very interesting because what the left was saying at the time is that this is all about kitchen table issues and democracy, lowercase d democracy. You didn't hear from a lot of corporate media outlets that Republicans were having success running on the transgender issue. And what's also interesting about that to me is where the postmodern left the Eddie Glaude Juniors and the right agree is that this mattered, but the Eddie Glaude juniors of the world will blame it on bigotry. And the right just says, we tapped into the common sense of the Joe Rogan listener who doesn't, who who sees this as another one of the issues, the same ways they see it sometimes economic populism.


They see this as them being held in contempt by the people in power because there's room for reasonable disagreement on this. They may be pro LGBT. I've talked to parents whose kids went through, went to facilities to deal with You, know their, their gender dysphoria and were fully going through the transition process because their parents are generally supportive of the LGBT issue. And the parents realized, oh my gosh, we made a horrible mistake. We thought that we were being supportive. We thought that we were being loving and we were wrong. And, and people who haven't gone through that or talked to people who have gone through that have no idea how wide the room for disagreement is on this issue, how common sense the people who disagree with this issue are and how far left many of them actually are.


I mean, it's just so out of touch to continue carrying on as though this is the only acceptable position that you can have and not understand that for many people it's not just something they disagree with, it animates them. 'cause you're telling them they're stupid and they're bigots if they disagree with you on it. And that's how you get people to the polls for Trump. I mean, I am, I'm terrified to offer a list because there's just been so many great people in this space who have been very bold and brave. But just, just to name a few who have definitely influenced me, you gotta start with JK Rowling, right? You gotta look at Abigail Schreyer in her amazing book, irreversible Damage in 2020. And then the women who have just been incredibly smart in advocating on this, like Helen Joyce, like Kelly, j Keen, like Jennifer Billick, the like, even on this show, the the women who came on and really kind of helped me see the light on language, not just Kelly J but also Kerry Peja Bowler and Britt Mayer came on for a year and they were refusing to do that crap.


And I was like, I don't know. And eventually I realized, God, they're totally right. And there's just, there's again, I'm, I hate to even say billboard, Chris You know Matt Walsh. There have been so many folks who have shown total and utter courage and I'm so grateful to all of them for helping me see the truth and then to get loud about it. And all of us have been loud about it. And finally we were heard, we were heard by the Trump campaign, RI Gaines, how could I forget her? After her terrible experience with Leah Thomas. So all these women, Chloe Cole Detransition, who's been very brave, who was just a teenager when this was done to her, all of those fierce warriors won on Tuesday and watching the other side try to deal with that fact is kind of entertaining and extremely gratifying.


Okay, let's talk about what's happening on Team Trump right now because it's actually really interesting what he's doing. The the announcements he's made, made. We talked about Susie Wiles on Friday, his new chief of staff. I mean he hates women, but it's weird 'cause he's made a couple of very big female appointments so far. So I'm weird how he's done that. He announced today he's asked Elise Nik congresswoman from New York, from upstate New York to become un Ambassador You know her. She's tough as nails. She's the one who cross examined those heads of university like Harvard and MIT and just eviscerated them leading to all the resignations. She'll be great at the un. That'll be fun to watch. And you've got got to hear what he did on immigration.


This is so good. It's so Good. If you voted for Trump, you're getting dividends already. He's announced that he's gonna appoint, appoint this man named Tom Holman as his border czar. That's not a con a a position that must be confirmed. So that's good because this guy can do what he want. Hey, if Kamala Harris can be the border czar, so can Tom Holman. He served in the first Trump administration. He was acting director then of Ice Immigration Custom Enforcement. And in his announcement Trump said that Homan will be in charge of all deportation of illegal aliens back to their country of origin. Homan reacted to the news this morning on Fox watch.


And look, I I've seen, I've seen the, these, some of these Democratic governors say they're gonna stand in the way they're going. They're going to make a hard force. Well, I, I You know a suggestion. Yeah, if you're not gonna help us get the hell outta the way. We're going, Hey Tom You know the last person who was border czar. She didn't wanna be called border czar. You're proud of It, right? Yeah. You know what I I I'm gonna look, I don't wanna look like a genius. 'cause when you follow failure, you can't help, but you can't help her succeed. Right? He began his career in immigration enforcement back in 1994 as a border patrol agent. And while his career background is important, the way he fires back at these bully Democrats on this issue and at the media is a thing of beauty.


It's truly beautiful. Last month he was interviewed by 60 minutes watch. We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year. I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families? Of course there is. Families can be deported together. Amazing. In 2019, Homan took part in a hearing on Capitol Hill. It's so good about the Trump administration's border policies.


He was accused by Democratic progressive congressman of not caring about migrant children because of the color of their skin. Do you understand that the consequences of separation of many children will be lifelong trauma and carried across generations. Have we not learned from the internment of Japanese Americans, Mr. Holman, I'm a father. Do you have children? How can you possibly allow this to happen under your watch? Do you not care? Is it because these children don't look like children that are around you? I don't get it. Have you ever held a deceased child in your arms?


First of all, your comments are disgusting. I've served my country. I your I've my, I've served my country 34 years. I find, I find your comments. This is outta disgusting as well. I've served my country for 34 years and yes, I held a 5-year-old boy in my arms that in backed that tractor trailer. I knelt down beside him and said a prayer for him because I knew what his last 30 minutes his life were like. And I had a 5-year-old son at the time. What I've been trying to do my 34 years serving my nation is to save lives. So if you to sit there and insult my integrity and my love for my country and for the and for children, that's why this whole thing needs to be fixed. And you're the member of Congress. We agree on that. Fix it. Yeah, if you wanna legalize illegal immigration, good luck with that 'cause it's gonna get a hell of a lot worse on that border.


If you'd say okay from now on, there'll be no consequence, no deterrence. It's not illegal to come to this country. Legally more families will come. 31% women will be raped, more children will die. We're a nation of laws. If you don't like it, sir, change it. You're the legislator. I'm the executive branch and I've served my country honorably for 34 years. And I will not sit here and have anybody say that I don't care about children because they're not the same color as my children. He is amazing. This guy's incredible. We looked into that story he referenced of the five-year-old boy that he was talking about that he did hold in his arms. It happened back in 2003. The boy died along with 19 others after being crammed into a tractor trailer with nearly 70 other migrants.


In total they were being smuggled into the United States. This is how they do it. And they suffocated to death. Some tried to claw two holes through the truck's foam insulation just to try to get a breath of fresh air per a report by the daily signal at the crime scene that day. Tom Holman was there. Holman said he directed the men taking the bodies away to save the child until last to not remove his remains until last. Because he said quote, I couldn't deal with it because I just kept seeing my son there. And he held that little boy and then that idiotic representative walked right into that.


Have you ever held a dead child? Yes I have. I've seen the consequences. That's what Holman was saying of your disastrous policies. I'm the one who's gotta clean up the bodies. There are reports at the time about that disastrous truck stop and and the deaths. There were at least 62 people packed into this trailer. They were in a nearly airless heat baked container despite the effort to get two holes in there so they could breathe. Most of the human cargo was male. That five-year-old boy was the youngest. But there was a girl who was 15 that day and she actually lived sheriff's deputies there brought her cake and cookies so much for the evil border patrol guys who were there not caring about the brown people like that.


Representative I is suggested an emergency dispatcher received a nine one one call from a man speaking Spanish. This is how they found out there was an emergency there and broken English at 11:42 PM the man was saying, we're ex we're asphyxiating. Help me, help me. We're asphyxiating in Spanish. He said, we're in a trailer, we're illegals. This is the cost of that open border that people now like Harrison Biden have allowed for years. And by the way, the reports now are that we can expect deeper or the immigration problem to spike over the next couple of months until Trump gets there. That the illegal, see this is per of the Daily wire this morning quoting from NBC that they're anticipating January 20th as their deadline to get into this country.


So what's Joe Biden gonna do about it? Because you're gonna get more deaths and more rapes of young, of young girls and more families who ultimately get separated because these drug mules, these bad actors use the children since we're against family separation to get across the border and the children are exploited time and time again. Tom Holman's been on the side of the angels on this and he is being placed back in charge and we should all celebrate his return in that same hearing we just showed you. He also fired back at A OC who as always thought that she knew better when she questioned him about the administration's zero tolerance policy.


Mr. Holman, your name is on this. Is this correct? Yes. I signed that memo. So you are the author of the Family Separation Policy. I am not the author of this memo. You're not the author, but you signed the memo. Yes. A zero. A zero tolerance memo. And so the recommendation of the many that you recommended, you recommended family separation. I recommended zero tolerance, Which includes family separation The same as is where every US citizen parent gets arrested. When the, where the child Zero tolerance was interpreted as the policy that separated children from their Parents. If I get arrested for DUI, And I, have a young child in the car, I'm gonna be separated.


When I was a police officer in New York, And I arrested a father for domestic violence, I separated Thatam. Mr. Homan. With all due respect, legal asylums are not charged with any crime. When you're entered the country illegal, it's violation. Eight, United States Code 1325. Seeking asylum is legal If you wanna seek asylum and go through the port of entry, do it the legal way. He's incredible, isn't he? My God, the ejs are back with me now, Emily and Eliana. I don't, I don't know what more, just as I was thinking, I don't know what more we could ask for. We get the announcement that Trump is putting Steven Miller also on the immigration case.


He's deputy assistant. What is he? Steve glossing over his official title, deputy Chief of Staff for policy on the immigration front. And he's the guy who came up with a lot of those policies that work so well into Trump, like remain in Mexico and some of the executive orders that Trump signed requiring us to crack down on these BS asylum claims. That's a dream team. Emily, Tom Holman is so interesting because one of the ways he first started, I think really getting it in media is that he worked for the Obama administration. He's been given like an award by Barack Obama. And, I think that's what gives him the confidence to go and talk to a OC like that because he saw this flawed process from the inside.


He saw it on the ground, And it. He's able to then sort of flip the script and say this is zero tolerance. And you saw her kind of pause there. It was really interesting when he said it was a zero tolerance memo. She didn't totally know what to do with that because it's the script being flipped on UnHerd. And he's a great example of somebody who's able to do that with confidence and boldness because he sort of has worked for the other side. He is talked to the other side, he is been friendly with the other side. And so he's able to just say, listen, I don't give a damn like I've seen this. I know exactly what I'm talking about. And and so he's a huge asset for Trump. Steven Miller, somebody who is totally vilified in the press and Trump isn't afraid to appoint him to a deputy chief of staff position.


Right? So you definitely seeing fearlessness, there's no hesitation from Donald Trump at all about bringing some of these people no matter how vilified they are in the press. Stephen Miller is a genius. He is a genius and he knows immigration better than almost anyone. And I don't. I'm thrilled that he's willing to take the risk with You, know his family, his wife, and called a white supremacist over and over. He was a newlywed. They were calling him terrible names. That's what's gonna happen if you try to clean up the border. We've seen it time and time. So it does require nerves of steel to say yes to this Holman looks like he's got him. We know Steven Miller's got him. I'm overjoyed to see this Eliana and in the news today too, Tom Holman making clear that President Trump's pre deportation priorities are not about people who are here unlawfully who are abiding by the law.


Now I realize it's a crime to sneak into the country illegally across the border, but that that's not the priority. The priority is the criminals who are here and causing havoc in the states. And in response to that, you already get like the Massachusetts governor coming out and saying, we will not cooperate. We will not You know what happens is what this person, Massachusetts is seeing a, a rash of rapes by these illegals in the commonwealth of Massachusetts. And what happens when a, an illegal rapes somebody is they go to jail if they get arrested and then you might find out that there's a detainer on them from ice.


They're in the system as like, Hey, we're looking for this illegal. If you happen to catch this person committing a crime, please call us. And what happens in sanctuary cities or states like Massachusetts is the cops see that and they say, we don't give a shit. We don't care. We won't be calling ice. We're going to release this guy back out into the general public. Like he's just like a, like a shoplifter and we are not going to be involving immigration authorities. And now the Massachusetts governor has gone on the record saying, we will not be cooperating. We will maintain a, our status as a sa as a sanctuary state. And that's gonna be the next battle. As Trump tries to get the worst of the worst out of the country, Eliana and the media will be on the wrong side.


I think there are a couple interesting things happening here with personnel. The the first, the first is the order with which these picks are being made. You know. First you had Susie Wiles being named chief of staff and she's a a really interesting pick who couldn't be more different. I, I don't think from Ryan's previous, who was Trump's first chief of staff last time around, who was somebody he didn't really know. I mean, Ryans was running the RNC Trump and the RNC weren't that close when he ran. Susie has been running his operation since 2021 and somebody who has really gained his tru trust and demonstrated an ability to manage, manage both Trump and his operation.


And the second is that the first, the first appointments we're seeing coming from Trump are on immigration, which I think sends a signal to folks that he's going to take the issue seriously. You know the first, the first appointment coming out wasn't the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Defense, but it was the immigration czar And I. Do think that's intentional and sends a signal. And also to see, we haven't talked about Elise Stefani going to the United Nations. She's someone who is, he talked about strong women. She's I think likely to be in the mold of Nick Nikki Haley, who was there before, who will be an advocate for for America and Israel on, on the world straight stage.


And so thus far You know, we're seeing, we're seeing interesting a a appointments that I think are broadcasting the president-elect intentions for what he intends to prioritize. The other interesting battle unfolding right now, Emily is in the Senate where it, they, they called the Massachusetts Senate race, not Massachusetts, Pennsylvania Senate race for Dave McCormick, who defeated Democrat incumbent Bob Casey. Good for him. And Casey's trying to challenge it, but it doesn't look like that's gonna go very far. And also the Republicans are on track according to the latest count to win the house gonna be tight. It looks like maybe still they'll have a four vote margin, so not a lot what they've had already, but it's very important that they win the house.


And so right now, by the latest count, I'm informed that by people in the know the Republicans expect them to pull it off. So now the question switches to leadership in the Senate and the they're gonna, what the reports are is that Mitch McConnell is pushing through a vote on leadership. The next generation of leadership this week, which is very soon, doesn't give a lot of time for people to get organized. And it's between John Thune, John Cornyn and Rick Scott. Rick Scott is a, is a senator, former governor in in Florida who is much more in the MAGA mold and the other two are much more like establishment Republicans.


There are some tape circulating of them crapping all over Trump. When the Eugene Carroll allegations came out, that's obviously an attempt to signal to Trump that these are not MAGA loyalists. Whereas Rick Scott is on board with the the president's agenda. So what do you think is gonna happen with this and what do you think should happen? Yeah, this is fascinating. And I was reading Politico playbook this morning. They did a rundown that was basically totally wrong and just clueless. This has been a campaign that's sort of been happening in the background for a really long time. And anybody with good sources in the Republican senate coalition knows that Rick Scott has been trying to lay the groundwork for this for a really, really long time.


And that he has also gotten good support from conservative stalwarts like Ted Cruz, even people like Marco Rubio and like that has been going on for more than a year now because Mitch McConnell was sort of clearly on his way out. Cornin and Thune are close to McConnell. And so if you want to sort of purge McConnell from the Senate, which a lot of Trump allies in the Senate, no needs to be done then Mike Lee and Rick Scott and this sort of campaign they've been ar orchestrating for a long time in the background is really important. Now, I don't think there's a great option in this race. I think You know, even people close to Rick Scott would tell you he's not the kind of perfect ambassador for, for MAGA for a lot of reasons.


Like he, he doesn't have the kind of personal charm some politicians do. And he, he hasn't really been in leadership, so he might not understand exactly how the machinations work in the background. But what Mike Lee and others are trying to do behind the scenes right now is make a point and say, we are done with the Mitch McConnell approach to voters. We are done with this approach to the Senate where you just go along with leadership and leadership runs everything. And we're not You know sticking any, we're, we're not like trying to actually disrupt the Washington machine at all. So that's what they're trying to turn this battle into. And that's where you're seeing a lot of people get on Rick Scott's side, even if they're close with Thune or Corin or whomever because they understand the voters wanna see them kind of stick it to McConnell.


And a big question going forward is what Trump does. It looks like he's gonna stay out of it. But, but a lot of people in order to appeal to their, their Trump voters in their own states are trying to fa are, are actually gonna face kind of a hard decision in this one. Because if for Scott doesn't win and you allied with him, what happens with Dune and Cornin, if one of them is in leadership position, it's, it's a tough It's it's a Tough situation. Yeah. Well the by the way, Senator Rick Scott's gonna be on the program tomorrow, which is one day before the vote. So that ought be an interesting interview. I hope you guys tune in for that. The, it's, it's kind of fascinating to watch it play out. It's very clear that Team Maga wants Rick Scott and Trump hasn't weighed in as of today, as of the time I'm speaking, probably because he wants to have a good working relationship with whoever gets it.


But he's obviously not a fan of Mitch McConnell. Those, those two, they're not, there's not a lot of love lost there, Eliana. But I'll give you a window into what Team Mag is saying about it in the form of this tweet from Tucker Carlson who doesn't tweet a lot. And he tweeted out the following yesterday, what the hell is going on in the US Senate hours after Donald Trump wins the most conclusive mandate in 40 years? Mitch McConnell engineers a coup against his agenda by calling early leadership elections in the Senate. Two of the three candidates hate Trump and what he ran on one of them, John Corny, is an angry liberal whose politics are indistinguishable from Liz Cheney's. The election is Wednesday.


It's by secret ballot, also important And. it will determine whether or not the new administration succeeds. Rick Scott of Florida is the only candidate who agrees with Donald Trump. Call your senator and demand a public endorsement, public being the operative word there of Rick Scott. Don't let McConnell get away with it again. And then Robert Kennedy responded saying, without Rick Scott, the entire Trump reform agenda wobbly, what do you make of it? I I actually don't think it's quite that simple. First Trump, there are reasons that Trump hasn't endorsed and has stayed out of it. You know the, the ballot secret, which is a big deal.


So nobody's gonna know who voted for whom. But the senate, senate leadership position, it matters for understanding the way the Senate operates and then for keeping a coalition together. And that's what McConnell was good at. So Trump I think is going to be weighing in terms of endorsements, who can keep 50, what looks like it's gonna be 53 Republicans together, he's, he's gonna wanna nominate some crazy and controversial people. And in fact, he's already floated the idea that he wants the Senate to move for recess appointments. Having a Senate majority leader who's not that popular may not be the best thing for him.


If he wants someone who can keep, who can wrangle votes for him. So I think it's actually more pop, more, more complicated than like who's the most MAGA here? Interesting. He really may wanna think about who can wrangle the most votes for him, who's also going to be an ally and like, look at the end of the day, any one of these guys is going to have to be an ally to Trump. You know to varying degrees, yeah. Has some more than others. But like they're gonna need somebody who understands how the Senate works, where the weak points of each one of these guys is and how to cobble together the most votes. Votes. What do you make of that, Emily? Because it seems to me that in the same way Trump said, I'm the get out the vote effort, like just me being me will get people out to the polls and he was right.


Isn't Trump the thing that's going to make the Republicans vote Trump because they're all afraid of Donald Trump campaigning against them saying negative things against like which Republican would have the stones to undermine Trump on his agenda with what is very clearly a mandate from the country right now? Well, I think probably the best example of where you could see a McConnell ally having the boldness to do that would be on Ukraine. And so if JD Vance now is president of the Senate, incoming president of the Senate is pushing for cutting funding to Ukraine, which he's signaled in every You know instance that he absolutely would do conditionally of course, and it's more nuanced than people say. He just wants to stop You know, cut off all funding Ukraine.


But if, if that starts to get pushed, I think what the people like Mike Lee and Rick Scott see is a real, there's a absolute will to undermine the MAGA agenda on foreign policy by people who are really close with the Republican donor class. And it's fine to disagree with the mega position on, on Ukraine, but it is a deeply held belief among Republican leadership. And so I actually think it's not implausible at all that there would be very, very bitter backroom fights over that in particular that you wouldn't get with a Rick Scott. And, and to Eliana's point, it's also though true Rick Scott lacks the sort of charm to get a Susan Collins and to You know, do a little push and pull in those negotiating situations in the the back rooms, which is what you do when you're in leadership.


So there's something, you, you lose something with that too. But I think Susan Collins is annoying. She's annoying. Well she And I'm not sorry that we don't really need her vote anymore, Although they would have to deal with her 'cause it, I mean yeah, it's true they don't really need her vote. But on certain issues there are different senators where that, that Ukraine is going to be the litmus test for how Yeah, some of these established You right publican didn't Senators you used to be at the Federalist. You tell me, I think I saw Sean Davis saying that he got attacked by John Cornyn as, as a Neville Chamberlain Yes. For saying I really like the idea of getting out of these forever wars and And I think it was about Ukraine. I'm trying to remember if I'm tying two together.


Unfairly was, but he was, he was taking a more of a peacenik position. And, it got called Neville Chamberlain by John Cornin. Yes. And as soon as John Cornin sent that tweet Sean, at the time, this was like less than a year ago, Sean at the time was like, send John Cornyn's comms director and email and ask him to debate me on Federalist Radio Hour, which I used to host and did it and got a response from 'em back right away being like, no. So that's how it all played out. But it was, I mean he, he straight up called him compared him to Neville Chamberlain. And that's how deep this goes with them. They are very deeply opposed to Trump as a person. They're very deeply opposed to some of these tenets of the MAGA agenda. And so they know they need to keep Trump happy. I agree with that. But there are, they have buttons that once you press them, things become untenable between Trump and them.


Well, This is gonna be kind of interesting, ladies You know it's not all smooth sailing just because Trump won the election. There are deep divisions within the Republican party. Look what's happened in the house over the past few years with the leadership elections over and over and deep divisions there. Not quite as deep as on Team Blue, but they're there. So they're gonna have to learn to navigate through that. And we'll see soon. I mean, I guess we'll find out on Wednesday. I will say this, my team tells me that McConnell announced he was leaving in February and said the leadership election would be in November Back then it seems that the other side would like a little bit more time to, I guess, organize and get the good word out and have meetings and do all the things.


So we'll see and we'll see most of all what Trump does, if anything, to, to move the needle. Standby. Quick break more with the ejs after this.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Me Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


It is Veterans Day and an important time to take a moment and just remember the sacrifice that our veterans have made for us. And we know a lot of them. I'm sure you guys do too. And we do a lot of interviews with veterans. I'm thinking of You. know guys like Sean Ryan who came on and talked just recently in in May about his experience and just, it can cause a lot of trauma. And I feel like the least the country can do is on a day like this, stop and think about them. You know, just because we've moved on from the wars doesn't mean the wars have moved on from these guys who served us. So a couple of examples of our best and bravest, A couple of memorial days ago we had on Marcus Latrell and his identical twin brother Morgan.


It was actually we were gonna do him on Memorial Day and then we, we moved it to August And. it wound up being, it was the August of the disastrous with Afghanistan withdrawal and they were still reeling from the horror of it. But this is a nice story. This is Marcus Latrell. His whole story was told in Lone Survivor, they made a movie out of it with Mark Wahlberg and his brother here. You're gonna hear his identical twin brother telling about the moment they got the call down in Texas that he had been found, that Marcus had been found and was alive, which was very much in doubt. Listen, Master Chief Goro was out there and he's the one that would answer the phone. And by this time there's anywhere, there's about 40 seals out there.


And we would all pile into my father's bedroom, which was little bitty and shoulder to shoulder and master chief's on the phone. He is like, yes sir, Roger that. Understood Roger that. Yes sir. And he dropped his head. And, I mean we lost it, right? We, we was like, oh my God, You know the worst case scenario, And. I'm sitting there staring at him. Everybody was crying around. I was sitting there staring at him and he, he, he, he gives us a thumbs up. Anyhow, my parents came walking in and then some of my best friends came walking in. They saw everybody else crying. Mom loses it, dad loses it. They're like, no, no, no. They, they, they, they found him. He's rescued. So, I mean, I don't remember who it was. Walked out to the crowd and said they found him. And. I mean it sounded like the Super Bowl.


Like I could hear it from Afghanistan. So all the, but the problem with that was all the, all my friends and family were celebrating the fact that we found my brother. But all the seals that were out there and all the other, and there were some Marines and Army and everybody just started to come out and, and spend time with us. We were still very stoic. 'cause we're down, we're down men. Just an incredible story. And Marcus Lutrell is always very clear that he wanted the, there were four of them, three guys who died in the mission with him. It's important to him that they be mentioned. And so we do salute today. Lieutenant Michael Murphy, petty officers, Danny Dietz and met Axelson as well and many others who died in trying to find Marcus something that he blames himself for, which he shouldn't You know he's got severe survivor's guilt, but is doing his best to live with that.


What a good man. It's just a good reminder of just the incredible type of soldiers and seals that this country produces. And again, they need to be remembered in donations, in thoughts and prayers. If you see them on the street, if you can give up your nice seat on an airplane or a bus or anything for them, like what we can do for our veterans must be done and less of ourselves and more of them. That is episode number 1 49. It was from August of 2021. The show is about a year old. When we did that, I'm gonna take you back even further to episode 1 0 9 and literally like my favorite, my favorite interview I've ever done, which was Rob O'Neill, the man who shot Bin Laden.


And this particular segment, we weren't even on camera yet, it was just audio only. This is episode 1 0 9 and his description of the Navy Seals and others on board the chopper flying into the Bin Laden complex. When they had gotten the intel from the CIA analyst on where he was and how to find him, listen, Before we left, I had one of my guys say, because we accept the death, that's it. We're we're gonna die. He said, don't take this the wrong way because I'm 100% going. Don't worry about that. I'm going, I just need to say it out loud. If we know we're gonna die, why are we going?


And and so we had a conversation and we had a conversation. We said, okay, well, we're not going after Bin Laden for the fame or the reward or the bravado. We are going after Osama bin Laden for the single mom who dropped her kids off at elementary school on a Tuesday. And 45 minutes later she jumped to her death out of a skyscraper because that was a better alternative than whatever the hell was going on inside at 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. And her last gesture of human decency was holding her skirt as she jumped outta a building and murdered herself. She was never supposed to be in the fight. We're supposed to be in the fight. That's why we're going Still getting emotional listening to that.


Rob O'Neill is a hero, those guys. It's humbling, isn't it, Eliana? You listen to that and you just remember like how small your own life is, however big you may think it is, and the amount of sacrifice these guys go through, not just while they're over there seeing their friends die, losing limbs too many times. But then when they come back and the, the readjustment, Dakota Meyer Medal of Honor recipient came on the show as well and talked about how when he got back stateside, he tried to take his own life. Thank God someone who loved him, an angel had taken the bullets out. But it's, it's those guys we think of today and try to remember You know how, how humble we must be when we think about our own lives.


Absolutely. And to those people to whom we owe all the free, all the freedom we have in our day-to-Day lives take, takes a lot to protect. It Takes nerves of steal. I mean, that's the thing, Emily, it's like I I I've often said, I just sit at this desk. I know like you, we can call ourselves warriors for free speech or this cause or the other very different story when you actually lay your life on the line for the country. Yeah. We don't celebrate these men and women enough. And I mean the, to them. The bravery is just so normal. And that's what's is what's so incredible. So it, it's a wonderful country and the negativity about it is sad when you hear these amazing stories of bravery and sacrifice.


But you have, you have a president now President-elect who says he is gonna rebuild our military. He's gonna get woke him out of the military. And let's not forget the gold star families who lost their 13 service personnel daughters and sons in that disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal in August of 2021, who were made a campaign issue in this whole thing by Kamala Harris, who dis disgustingly stepped on a rake about them honoring President Trump, Trump at Arlington. And they had their final say as well. They're a commander in chief who loves and respect them, will be returned to the office. Do not believe the lies told about Trump on that front. And I believe our military is in for better days ahead. Ladies, thank you both so much.


As I mentioned tomorrow we have Senator Rick Scott on the show locked in a battle for the next Senate Majority Leader. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And, no fear.