
Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All right, sweetie. Pie buckle. Oh, good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay, Kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember, their elbow pads Needs two. Okay. Yep. There you Go. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see


It's game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's Red Hot Hunch 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withdraw Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Total failure. She did not move the needle at all. I'm sure you watched last night the Kamala Harris interview with Brett Bear on Fox News. She had an opportunity to really explain to Fox News viewers how she could help them and she didn't. Instead, she just kept repeating her same few small ball plans for the economy, which she has all but admitted are just a pipe dream unless the Democrats take complete control of both houses of Congress.


She, you saw, she's been asked like, what if, what if there's a Republican house? What if there's a Republican Senate? How are you gonna pay for that? And she told Stephanie Rule, well, we just have to. We just have to. What? What if you don't? The question is, what if you don't? And she did know better in addressing that massive problem to all of her plans last night.


Health has been a big topic around the country over the past few weeks. And one thing we don't talk about enough is how exercise plays a vital role in that. And it's not just cardio. We really need to look at strength training more muscle helps to boost metabolism and helps as we age too with balance and if you fall and all the stuff. But let's face it, many are intimidated when it comes to lifting weights at a gym. Not to mention the fact that we're all busy and we don't necessarily have the time. This is where Jacked Up Fitness comes in, they bring the gym to you, a full machine, and it's cool, it's amazing. It fits in your house, And. it does it all. It's an all-in-one home gym. It allows you to do multiple strength training exercises. And best of all, it comes with access to their app, which includes multiple workouts where you just push play and then you follow along. So they basically idiot proofed it for you. Jacked Up Fitness is an American company and they're giving 900 machines this year to the Wounded Warrior Project. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and you wanna help veterans on their road to recovery too, order your home gym today@getjackedup.com and enter code MK for a 10% discount on your home gym.


She spent the majority of her time bashing Trump. That's what, that's what obviously this was about for her. She wanted to go on Fox News into the belly of the beast and just bashed Donald Trump. It was a one long game of Trump, the pinata with a bunch of attacks that in many cases were utterly baseless. This Madam Vice President was the wrong strategy. You should have called me. You should have called me as, I worked at the place for 14, 13 years and I know the Fox viewers very well. And you do not win Fox viewers over by bashing Donald Trump.


They love Trump or they're at least open-minded to Trump. You win them if they're winnable at all by showing them the ones who aren't huge Trump fans, but are Republicans or have voted Republican or at least kind of Trump open-minded. You. You show those people that you are a better option because you can help improve their lives, that they can trust you and that you aren't as radical as they have been hearing every day, all day on Fox News for a year. You didn't do any of that. None of it. None of it.


Instead, what Kamala Harris did? Well, she took every opportunity to show the audience. She, and really Joe Biden are the chief sufferers of Trump derangement syndrome. She lied over and over and over on her positions, on her policies. She denied her own record and the worst sin was, and we saw it over and over. She dodged question after question after question after question after question and then played the victim trying to sound indignant when Bret tried to get her back on track. That was the, that was the biggest dynamic of the whole interview. Time and time again, she failed to answer the questions. I mean on big issues, immigration, whether we should use taxpayer dollars to fund trans surgeries for prisoners and illegals, which is important, but also is a stand-in for the overall issue of trans and the erasure of women.


Finally, Brett asked her about Biden's mental acuity. No, she failed to answer that one too. Instead, she filibuster. That was her go-to trick either with non-responsive plum. That was her number one choice. Or sometimes on another issue entirely. Just get outta bounds. Talk about something totally unrelated. And honestly, this is a politician's trick and it's not unusual to see it, but in response to everything, you're not addressing any substance. What are you doing there? You're trying to win voters in a new forum. Why would you say nothing? The only thing of substance she said was, Trump sucks. And that's the wrong strategy when dealing with Fox viewers.


Honestly, it was just stupid. I, I don't get it. And then when B Brett would try to redirect her back to the question asked, she acted like he was rude. Is rude a word? Her lapdog, media Syco fans keep repeating today. Let me tell you something about, to those of you morons who think that B Brett was rude in trying to get her to answer the question asked, it's not her heir, it's Brett's he, it's Rupert's heir, but it's in that half an hour exchange. It is Brett Bayer's heir not yours. You don't pay to keep the shop open. You don't go out and deal with the advertisers, you don't hire the staff, you don't work with the producers. You don't lay out the the lineup.


You don't hire the talent. It's his heir, his not yours. You being there is a gift to you. Roger used to tell us, never thank anybody for being on your show. He used to say, don't say thank you for being here. It should go the other way. Thank you for having me. They should be thanking you. You're giving them a massive audience of several million people. I don't know what the ratings will be for last night, but it'll be big. It's your gift to them and it's your job to control the air when you have a guest on to keep it interesting for your audience to keep the car driving straight ahead and to not let it veer too, too far off the track. That's your obligation. Brett is employed because Fox believes accurately that he will deduce what his audience wants to have asked and seen, discussed.


It is not up to her to come hijack the entire interview with empty talking points. We've heard 10,000 times. He did absolutely the right thing by redirecting her over and over to the question asked and on behalf of his audience pressing her for a real answer. He did nothing wrong. I thought he crushed it, which I posted on Twitter last night. He did a great job. Now her little act today is being praised by the left. As you know, she looked tough. She was tough, but this, this was not tough. This was not toughness. We saw from her. This was a candidate incapable of answering hard, answering hard questions over and over, trying to dodge long enough to ideally distract the questioner.


And when Bre was not distracted, then she would begin to whine that she wasn't being allowed to answer. That's not tough. Tough is answering the hard questions, which let's face it, virtually every president a candidate can do. Obama could do it, Romney could do it, McCain could do it. Trump can do it when he wants to, when it's one of his favorite issues, he'll go right there. She blew a big chance to define herself in a new way to say, I'll take the border. Yes, the border is a mess. But look, Brett, I was vice president, not president. You know, I've seen what has happened to people like Jocelyn, the young girl who's 12, who was murdered by an illegal.


She let in. And I'm totally committed to stopping this. Having had this experience in the number two spot has only made me more resolved. Should I be elevated to take care of this problem? And here are the executive orders I will issue on day one to do it, irrespective of whether I can get Congress to cooperate with me. That's not what she did. She just dodged. I'll show you the exchanges in a second. Same thing on the economy. She should have said something substantive like instead of her myopic little $25,000 for first time home buyers, you know what a collection of people that is not big. Not big enough to just make it your platform. She should have said, Trump spent us into oblivion. He was like a drunken sailor.


He wasn't exactly an economic purse. Clutcher. Now that I might be in charge, I'll take a more reasonable approach and we'll fight the debt and we'll fight inflation. And here's exactly how she can't, she doesn't know. She doesn't even understand those three plans. She's unveiled. She's been given some talking points, which she repeats incessantly and they're empty. She should have given some points that sounded reasonable to Fox viewers. And she almost did it on the border. She admitted the border's broken, but she took no responsibility. And then she tried to gaslight us into believing she's really Steven Miller Trump's border guy with it. Fingers in the belt loops. The thumbs in the belt loops.


John Wayne, she came out last night with her little routine. I'm the only one who's prosecuted transnational or criminal, whatever, Biden's mental acuity. That was another one. Thank God Brett asked about that. That was great. Thank God somebody finally did it. Good for him. But for frankly, it was downright embarrassing. She didn't have an answer on this. How does she not have an answer on this? She just assumes no one's gonna ask her. No one has. I'm like, I'll give you an answer. Kamala, okay, you should really listen to this show more 'cause I could help you. All right, you should have said something like, Brett, what I saw was an older president who had moments of forgetting his words sometimes or his train of thought, but was still entirely capable.


That's what my experience of was with with him. And then came the debate. And as you know, within weeks of that, he resolved not to run for a second term. That's what else can she say? But what she said in the interview was, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, trump. She was the TDS was like coming out of her ears. That's not responsive to what did you know? And when did you know it? Which was really his question. So none of this is going to assuage even a single viewer who watches Fox, who thinks you lied. You could and you won't admit it. All right, we're gonna go through this more specifically, let's start with immigration, which is where Brett started.


It was the right thing to do. It's her most vulnerable issue. And here's a little montage of how he pressed her. How many illegal immigrants would you estimate your administration has released into the country over the last three and a half years? Well, I'm glad you raised the issue of immigration because I agree with you. It is a, it is a topic of discussion that people want to rightly have and Answer. You know what I'm gonna talk about? Yeah, But do you're just a number. Which do, do you think it's 1 million, 3 million Good For him. Right? Let's just get to the point. Okay, the point is, Answer my question that We have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired. So your Homeland Security secretary said that 85% of apprehension, I'm not, I'm not finished.


We have a, we have an Immigration system, a estimate 6 million people have been released that needs to be into the country. And lemme just finish. I'll get to the question. I promise you I was Beginning to answer and When No weren't, When you came into office, your administration immediately reversed a number of Trump border policies. Looking back, do you regret the decision to terminate, remain in Mexico at the beginning of your administration? The first bill, practically within hours of taking the oath, was a bill to fix our immigration system. Yes ma'am. It was called the US Citizen Citizenship Act of 2000. Exactly. For 21 And. it was essentially a So but I Pathway to citizenship for the Please Finish. Yes ma'am. May I finish, may I finish responding please. But here But this, but You have to let me finish please.


You Had the White House and the House and the Senate and they didn't Bring up responding to the point you're raising. Okay. And I'd like to finish With false info. We recognized from day one that to the point of this being your first question, it is a priority for us as a nation and for the American people. And our focus has been on fixing a problem. And then to Brett's credit, he followed up with you were in control like you, you were in control. Why didn't you do it? You know, he said Democrats voted against the belt and so on. So they got into it on immigration and he didn't let her slide for one second.


That was a thing of beauty. I don't understand, like these media writers out there may not know what it's like to be a Republican or an independent or a right-leaning person. And how frustrating it is to watch her get away with her. Her lies. It's, it's a soothing bomb to watch somebody actually confront her with the real facts. Okay? Your stupid amnesty bill in 2021, which you purported to be a tough on the border bill, was a joke from day one. It was your Democrat controlled house that killed it. And the White House didn't push it. See Politico at the time you tried it, stop trying to refer to that like it was your day one priority. What you actually did on day one was issue a bunch of executive orders that undid all of Trump's harder border policies like remain in Mexico, like cracking down on the, the number of asylum claims like you reversed the building of the wall and sold off the parts for for cash wa Like that's what she did.


And all she can do is lie. Now she recently stumbled upon the fact, oh gee, we had a 2021 bill that was kind of amnesty with a couple of border enforcement things. I'll just tell that like it's real. It wasn't, the Dems killed it. And then she goes right to her 2024 border effort that, oh we had Republicans Conve cooperating with us and Trump killed it. 'cause he'd rather run on a problem than run on a solution that we've heard that a million times, right? Like that's all she's got. And as for the three and a half years between those two points, she's got nothing. So he presses her in a great way by bringing up some of the families that you guys have seen and heard from on this show. The victims of her policies and Biden's policies, including the mother of little Jocelyn Nagare and her testimony before Congress about what happened to her daughter.


Watch Jocelyn Nari, Rachel Morin, Laken Riley. They are young women who were brutally assaulted and killed by some of the men who were released at the beginning of the administration, well before a negotiated bipartisan bill. This is a specific policy decision by your administration to release these men into the country. So what I'm saying to you, do you owe those families? It's Really, I think an apology. Let me just say, first of all, those are tragic cases. There's no question about that. And I can't imagine the pain that the families of those victims have experienced for a loss that should not have occurred.


So that is true. It is also true that if a border of security had actually been passed nine months ago, here's south, it would be nine months that we would've had more border agents at the border. More support for the folks who are working around the clock trying to hold it all together, not matter vice president to ensure that no future harm would occur. So do you owe them an A apology is what I'm saying. I Break, I'll tell you that I'm so sorry for her loss. I'm so sorry for her loss sincerely. But let's talk about here's what goes wrong, what is happening right now with an individual who does not wanna participate in solutions.


Let's talk about that as well. But do you want to answer, in all fairness, I told you I feel awful for what she and her family have experienced. That is not the same as an apology. It's not, I feel bad, I'm sorry for her loss is not, I'm sorry for being part of what caused it. That's what he was asking. Of course she didn't answer that. I mean of course. And I'll give her points for starting off right by showing some empathy for the families. However, the pivot was right to the nine months since that one stupid mirage of a border bill was tanked.


That totally ignores what these parents, these families have been testifying to, which is she opened the border, she and Joe Biden opened the border and we had 10.4 million illegals come through and tens of thousands of them turned out to be criminals of one sort or another. And young girls have been murdered, raped, murdered, tortured, so have young men. And he named three of them. She took no responsibility. I'm telling you, that shit is not gonna fly on Fox News Channel with those viewers. Trust me, immigration is one of their biggest issues and her taking no responsibility, none whatsoever, and just trying to shove that fake border bill down there throughout, it's a fail.


It's a fail. What are you doing there? How is any of that any different from all that you've done in this race so far? Aren't you looking to rejigger things? Aren't you looking to move the needle? That's not the way, that's not gonna do it. So once again, she failed to own up to what she and her administration have done. So she keeps going to say, okay, you know, but they, they stay on immigration. He says, look you, you kept saying the border was secure during this time. When in your mind did it start becoming a crisis? And she goes on, well we've had a broken immigration system transcending even Donald Trump's administration. Let's be honest about it.


Okay, now we're talking, okay, are you gonna have your moment? Or you're like, you know it's bad, I admit it's bad and we made it worse. Maybe you do that and then you do the pivot and here's how I'm gonna improve it. 'cause I was just vp, not P, not P. And then she goes, I've been clear, she said that all night when she wasn't. I think we all are clear that it needs to be fixed. And then she, she goes on to say, okay, we need more judges to the border. We need to process these cases faster. And what she doesn't say is we need to stop them from coming in in the first place. It's not that we need to adjudicate their claims faster. Yes, that's a piece of it. We need to stop them from coming across the border to begin with. That was the main thing Trump did.


And she doesn't speak to it because she doesn't plan to do that. She doesn't plan to do that. So that's what she says. And, and to get those resources, you know, for the judges. 'cause she went to the border, which she pointed out. She spent like a half an hour at the border. Now she wants us to believe she's an expert. And now you have talked to these guys and they need more money for these resources. Congress is the only place that that's gonna get that fixed. Right? But there is a ton you can do via executive order that you refuse to do. In fact, you took executive actions the other way. Just say you'll do them. Just say you'll do the executive actions that Trump did. Just say that if you're really committed to shoring up the border, but she's not. So she tries to just say, oh well they need more financial resources and that can only come from Congress.


My hands are tied, my hands are tied. Brett, to his credit, again, fires back with, there were 90 plus executive orders that were rescinded in the first days. Many of those were Trump border policies. And then he's gotta move on. He's already spent like four or five questions on immigration. I would've done the same. But he pivots to you, you claim you talked to the border patrol. Well their union just endorsed Trump saying quote, you've been a failure. Why do you think they said that? Now I get what he was doing there. I, I will say I would've, that's too open-ended. It just gives her a platform. I would've said, why did you rescind those orders? Why did you stop the wall? Why did you rescind remain in? Why? Why did you rescind remain in Mexico?


Why did you open up the expansive possibility of applying for asylum? Why sometimes the why's are the hardest questions. Anyway, she went on to say, oh they're su they're frustrated, they want support, you know, blah blah blah. It, it wasn't it. Fine. Then he goes back and says, look, in 2019 when you ran you said I'll let the legal illegals apply for driver's licenses and free tuition at universities and to be enrolled in free healthcare. Do you still support those things? And here's how that went down. There's a lot of people that look back at what you said in 2019 when you first ran for president and there have been changes and you've talked about some of them when it comes to immigration.


You supported allowing immigrants in the country illegally to apply for driver's license to qualify for free tuition at universities to be enrolled in free healthcare. Do you still support those things? Listen, that was five years ago and I'm very clear that I will follow the law. I have made that statement over and over again what that mean mean as vice President of the United States. That's exactly what I've done. Not to mention before You, if that's the case, you chose a running mate, Tim Wal who, governor of Minnesota who signed those very things into state law. So do you support that? We are very clear and I am very clear as is Tim Walls, that we must support and enforce federal law.


And that is exactly what we will do. It's an infuriating dodge infuriating Dodge. You ran for president promising to change federal law to allow illegals to apply for driver's licenses to qualify for free tuition at universities to be enrolled in free healthcare. Do you still support those things? Y this is one of my frustrations throughout. She pretended that the president has absolutely nothing to do with the law. She needs that little schoolhouse rock, just a bill. So she can figure out that when you're president, you actually are the one who signs the bills into law and who actually comes up with a lot of policy prescriptions that you then work for and advocate for with Congress, which writes the bills.


But they don't become law. Not without a veto, unless an override I should say, unless you sign them as the president, you need to sign the bills for them to become the laws. Why she just like, she's just some plebe. I well I'll follow the law. No, no, no. You're in a position to actually make law. You're in a position to make law and you said you wanted to make these laws. Do you still follow that or don't you? And she just kept dodging with that stupid line And. It's an empty line, meant to dodge her real pres policy prescriptions because why would she not just own it? What's the reason to not embrace those earlier policies? Because she still holds them and they're very unpopular.


So that's what she did. Brett zeroed in on one decriminalizing border crossings. That was another thing you said in 2019. Do you still stand by that? And she said, I don't, I don't believe in decriminalizing border crossings and I've not done that as vice president. Okay. She, she couldn't have done that as vice president, but okay. And I will not do that as president. Great. So he's, he asked her, so that's an evolution that you've had. Great. Like let's talk about it and here's where she goes. So annoying. Let's be very clear. I'm the only person running for president who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations.


She won't discuss her evolution 'cause there's been no evolution. What she's realized is she's too far left and she can't say the shit she really believes. So she's gotta pretend again that she's Steven Miller now. And she just does it by saying it's, it's not, it's not something I'll do. He's like, explain the evolution. What did you see that made you change your mind on your stupid dangerous idea from 2019? And instead of actually explaining anything, she goes back to her John Wayne routine about how tough she was when she was a a, a prosecutor in a border state. Okay, Brett switches to the trans issue. He talks about how Trump's running an ad in Pennsylvania and elsewhere that hits her for supporting taxpayer funded sex change procedures, including operations for prisoners including violent felons, people on death row and illegals.


And here again, she comes up with her infuriating, I'll follow the law. Four, Are you still in support of using taxpayer dollars to help prison inmates or detained illegal aliens to transition to another gender? I will follow the law. And it's a law that Donald Trump actually followed, you're probably familiar with now. It's a public report that under Donald Trump's administration, these surgeries were available to, on a medical nec necessity basis to people in the federal prison system. And I think frankly that ad from the Trump campaign is a little bit of like throwing, you know, stones when you're living in a glass house.


The Trump aids say that he never advocated for that prison policy and no gender transition surgeries has Happened during his, you know, take responsible for what happened in your administration. Yeah, no surgeries happened in this pre presidency. It's in Black and white. Would you still advocate for using taxpayer dollars for gender reassignment Surgeries? I would follow the law just as I I, but you have a, I think think Trump would say he did. You would've a say as president I, Like I said, I think it's real. He spent $20 million on those ads trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan in this election that is about focusing on the needs of the American people. And then she goes on to say that this issue is really quite remote and his policy was no different.


Alright, this is based on a New York Times report yesterday that hit Donald Trump for being very pro giving sex change operations to people in prison. Not true. When Trump took over as president, if you read the New York Times report, when he took over as president, he inherited a policy for the prisons that Obama had put in place allowing those procedures. And what did the Trump administration do? They fought them. They fought the policy. The legal wrangling continued throughout his term and then Joe Biden won. And when Joe Biden won, he was all for it. And one of those prisoners got the surgery, which the New York Times is blaming on Trump.


But they challenged this procedure both as a policy matter and as a legal matter. Trump was never in favor of this. And if you think Donald Trump is gonna get into office and do anything other than try to reverse this policy, you're crazy. This is very much front of mind for Republicans right now. She knows it and that's why she's not answering. I'll just follow the law. I'll follow the law. Well are you going to work to revoke this policy or aren't you? We don't wanna pay for the tranny to have their penises chopped off after they've killed little kids. It's a thing for Democrats and Republicans.


And by the way, it's happening. She, she dodged, I'll follow the law, I'll follow the law. So the problem for her here again is she pushed to change the law when she was California Attorney General. She, that's what Trump's ad is pointing out. When she pushed, when she was California ag, she pushed to change the law. The law back then in California, even in liberal California, did not allow taxpayer dollars to be used for this. So she bragged on camera when she was speaking to this L-G-B-T-Q group a few years ago that she behind the scenes worked to change the policy that would allow these transgender people to get these procedures on the taxpayer dime. She's proud of it. Or she was a couple years ago.


And that's what's in the Trump ad. She worked to do an end around the policy and we're gonna release a special episode later today where you'll hear from a prosecutor tomorrow morning where you'll hear from the prosecutor who put this guy in prison who murdered this beautiful young-ish couple by luring them onto their own boat, A husband and wife that they were trying to sell, saying I might be interested in buying it. He got them onto their boat. He had the whole thing planned out. He had accomplices and he got them under duress to sign over the deed to the boat right before he tied them to their own ship's anchor and threw them overboard, threw them overboard where they drowned to death attached to the anchor of their own boat.


That pig had his sex change operation paid for by California taxpayers thanks to Kamala Harris. These are facts. Listen to the episode tomorrow morning. It's a quick interview and Matt Murphy, the prosecutor on the case who has nothing against trans people whose lifelong California guy will walk you through exactly what she did. Okay, I'll follow the law. That's what she wanted to say. That's how she tried to get out of it. And this is just a remote issue. Guess again, we didn't hear anything about boys and girls sports.


Maybe the next time she tries to go into a difficult or more challenging forum that will get asked. 'cause I'd love to hear what she says, what she says on that. Then Brett switches to the economy. Why do you think more people say they trust Trump on the economy than they trust you? And now we get into the Kamala Harris wordiness. I think that when you look at an analysis of our plans for what we would do as president of the United States, it has been clear to those who study and understand how economic policy works and moving forward. Because I do believe the American people are ready to turn the page on the divisiveness and type of rhetoric that has come out of Donald Trump. T-D-S-T-D-S-T-D-S people are ready to chart a new way forward and they want a president who has a plan for the future and a plan that is sound and will strengthen our country.


My plan for the economy does exactly that. His plan would be again, to give tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations in our country and will blow up our deficit what not responsive. Why she can't do it. Think about how Barack Obama would've answered this or Bill Clinton, they would've been honest. They would've said people maybe they would've said, they tend to forget. You know what the Trump economy actually got us. It got us an additional seven and a half trillion dollars in debt. It got us into a position where when Covid struck, we had nothing in reserve. Whatever, however you wanna spin it. But she can't do that. She's gotta do word salad extraordinaire until she finally remembers that she's got a line about Trump's tax cuts to billionaires.


And then she's like stuck the landing. Brett says, this is another thing Republicans have wanted to hear asked. You said, turn the page, people are ready to turn the page. Madam Vice president, you were asked on two different shows last week, what, if anything would you do differently? Here's what you said. And he runs clips of her saying sh nothing. Right? And so he says, so nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. And she starts with, let me be clear, she just did this over. Let me be clear. And then you can be assured what's going to follow is not clear at all. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Bride's presidency. That's it. She said weak plus plus she's had months.


But she, you know, since that question stumped her, she's had a week to come up with something good. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. Let's listen. So you're not Joe Biden, you're not Donald Trump, but, but nothing comes to mind that you would do differently. Let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency and like every new president that comes into office, I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, and fresh in new ideas. I represent a new generation of leadership. Literally what she's saying is, I am not the same person as he is. I mean, what? My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency.


Yet we know, obviously you, we can see you're two different human beings. This is not news. I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences and fresh and new ideas. What are they? The question is how are they different from his, what are the new ideas? Walk us through it. She won't do it. She can't do it. It will be a continuation of the Joe Biden presidency because the answer she gave on the view last week was the real one. Nothing comes to mind. Nothing at all. She's not running to do anything differently. So if you liked your time under Joe Biden, if you thought the economy was good and the country was going in the right direction, she's your gal.


But she's speaking to Fox News viewers trying to tell them it's Forget Biden, I know you didn't like him. Vote for me. Instead, because I represent a new generation of leadership, I have not spent the majority of my career in Washington DC I invite ideas, whether it be from Republicans who are supporting me, et cetera. Okay? This is not going to persuade the Fox News viewers who understand the Republicans supporting you are Adam Kinzinger and Liz Cheney. You may not have noticed, but they've been excommunicated from the Republican party. This is, and by the way, not for nothing, but Trump has got a Kennedy who's ready to join his cabinet.


Trump has got Tulsi Gabbard who ran for president on the Democratic ticket in 2020. So this is not special about you. He says again to her, your campaign slogan is a new way forward. It's time to turn the page. You've been vice president for three and a half years. So what are you turning the page from? We have this, all right, I'm gonna play it. But like, this is one of like, this is one of the most frustrating parts TDS, it's a TDS answer. What are you turning page from? And she tries to say basically the last 10 years.


So, okay, that brings us back to 2014. Who was president again then? Who was president through 2017? It was Barack Obama. So we got three years of the 10 with Barack Obama. We had the last three and a half years with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. So that's six of the past 10 years. And then he had four in there with Donald Trump. So you got 60% of the last 10 years with Democrats in control, Democrats in the White House. So he asks her, what are you turning the page on? 'cause you are currently in office and here's how she answered it.


Exhausted. More than 70% exhausted of people tell the country is on the wrong track. They say the country is on the wrong track. If it's on the wrong track, that track follows three and a half years of you being vice president and President Biden being president. That is what they're saying, 79% of them. Why are they saying that? If you're turning the page, you've been in office for three and a half years And Donald Trump has been running for office, But you've been the person holding the Office. Come on Madam Vice, vice president, you and I both know what I'm talking about. She's stumped. You and I both know what I'm talking about. I actually dont. What are you Talking about? What I'm talking about is that over the last decade people have become of power.


But listen, over the last decade, it is clear to me and certainly the Republicans who are on stage with me, the, the, the former chief of staff to the president of Donald Trump, former defense secretaries, national security advisor and his vice president. One that he is unfit to serve, that he is unstable, that he is dangerous, and that people are exhausted. Okay? So there you can see her, she stumped. It was another Leicester Holt and I've never been to Europe moment. Remember when he is like, you haven't been to the border and I've never been to Europe.


That was what we just saw there. And, don, you've been, you've been in office for three and a half years and Donald Trump has been running for office. Watch it again. More than 70 percented of people tell the country is on the wrong track. They say the country is on the wrong track. If it's on the wrong track, that track follows three and a half years of you being vice president and President Biden being president. That is what they're saying, 79% of them. Why are they saying that? If you're turn the page, you've been in office for three and a half years And Donald Trump has been running for office Since, but you've been the person holding The office. Come on Madam Vice president, you and I both know what I'm talking about.


You and I both know what I'm talking About. I actually don't. What are you talking About? What I'm talking about is that over the last decade, you Get it. Look at he's genuinely stumped. I mean, Brett's genuinely like, what the fuck is going on right now? What are you, no, what are you saying? What are you saying? Her campaign forward is a new way forward or slogan a new way forward. What is the new way you're in office right now? She can't answer it all she can say is Trump bad orange man, bad divisive rhetoric. Then he comes back with, why is half the country supporting him? This is an election for president. Are they misguided? She doesn't take that bait, which was a smart move on her part.


Then she jump, she jumps to, okay, I wouldn't say they're stupid. No, I'm not gonna say that, but he's been saying he would turn the American military on the American people. This is a lie. She repeated it and the Democrats are repeating it everywhere. Go ahead and tune into M-S-N-B-C for 15 minutes. I dare you to get through 15 minutes without this coming up. We did a fact check on this on, what was it, Tuesday morning at the top of our show. And it's a lie. Trump was asked by Maria barter Romo about Joe Biden's prediction of chaos on election day and violence and asked him if he thinks that could happen. And Trump said there won't be violence from Trump supporters.


But how I would handle that is, yeah, if necessary we'd unleash the National Guard and possibly even the military. His response was, we're not gonna let that happen. We're not gonna let riots in the streets tear down America because people are unhappy with the election result. That's what he was saying. They, that is what this is based on. Yes, he talks about the enemy within and you, and you heard that he, he was specifically in one instance talking about people like Adam Schiff, who have made it their entire business and career to try to ruin Trump. But he talks about these radical leftists who he calls Marxists and so on, and he was like, these are the enemy from within. That's fine. That's normal political rhetoric, frankly, the Democrats say far worse. But the thing that makes this really controversial is to tie the threat, to unleash the National Guard or the US military unsaid people.


That's what's pushing people over the edge. And they're doing it totally falsely. It's a lie. He has not said that. He said if there were riots in response to the election, that would be an appropriate response. And most of us agree with him. That's what we wanted to see during BLM. Get the National Guard out there. Stop letting people get murdered by these loons. Don't let 2000 cops get hurt. We should have handled that more aggressively under his presidency. And he's saying, I got the message and I won't allow that. But they've turned it into the government's coming, the military's coming to your backyard barbecue if you voted for Kamala Harris. It's, it's just, it's a lie. And honestly, this is where like she gets so incredibly whiny.


Alright, so she, he says to her, she, she gets into her thing about, he suggested he would turn the American military and the American people. And Brett takes a bit of a weird turn here where he says, we had a town hall with Trump this afternoon. And we asked him about this statement and he tosses to a soundbite between Trump and Harris Faulkner where she asks him about the controversy. And he plays Trump's defense of the controversy, which is basically Trump being like, well, we have it. Okay, let's watch. If you listen to Donald Trump, if you watch any of his rallies, he is the one who tends to demean and belittle and diminish the American people.


He's the one who talks about an enemy within, within an enemy within talking about the American people suggesting he would turn the American military on the American people. We asked that question to the former president today, Harris Faulkner had a, a town hall and this is how he responded. I heard about that. They, they were saying I was like threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing the threatening. They do phony investigations. I've been investigated more than Alfon Capone. He was the greatest gang. Oh goodness. No, it's true. We've no, but think of it, it's called weaponization of government. It's a terrible thing. So Brett, I I'm sorry. And with all due respect, that clip was not what he has been saying about the enemy within that he has repeated when he's speaking about the American people.


That's not what you just showed. Well, he was asked about that specific clip. No, no, that's not what you just showed. In all fairness and respect, respect to You. I'm telling you that was the question that we asked him. You didn't show that. And here's the bottom line. He has repeated it many times that he has talked about turning the American military on the American people. No, no. Again, so this is so annoying because Brett did nothing wrong. He's trying to keep advancing the ball. We've been hearing them playing these Trump sound bites for a week now. He's trying to say, I heard your accusation, you made it repeatedly that he is making these threats. Well, we asked him what his defense to these accusations is. He's trying to move the ball forward to make news.


And here's what he said. Would you like to respond to that? And she could easily have said, you know, whatever she wanted to like, look, he's not sorry, he didn't walk it back. You know, he claimed in that clip, he wasn't threatening anybody. But go look at the tape, right? Instead, she tried to accuse Brett of playing like the wrong clip as if he had the wrong, no, Brett has seen the clips. Trust me, he's seen the clips. He's trying to move the story forward. Now, I think probably a, a more clear way would've been fine. This is what Trump said first. Here's what Trump said. I mean, honestly, you could have just played what Trump said originally with the full context. It happened on Fox with Maria Bar Romo just play it.


Let the audience hear. He was talking about riots on election day. He's not talking about sending the military to go torture Kamala Harris voters and then say, aren't you taking it out, out of context. That's, that's what I would have done. But this is fine. This is another approach. And she decided to get once again to feign indignance indignation over him, allegedly playing the wrong soundbite as if like Trump didn't say it. And that's what Brett was trying to get at. That's not what at all, he's trying to get you to respond to his defense. It's called an opportunity for you madam to take a shot at Trump's defense. She wouldn't do it. She just feigned indignation. And this is their favorite clip over on MS this morning.


Oh shit here, Mika presenting good for her. Brett Bear used to be a respected journalist. He's a hack. He queued up the wrong, that's not what Trump said. You people are too stupid to live. This is so dumb. You're so dumb. Either you're dumb or you're dishonest. I think probably both, to be perfectly honest. Anyway, fine. That's how that went. Then he tries to defend himself and she doubles down on her nonsense about he's gonna lock people up. He's gonna send the American military against them. That needed to be fact checked. Go ahead. Is it Steve Kau? Is it our Tuesday episode where we did a fact check on this? It's at the top of the program.


Yeah, just click, click that program. It's the first 10 minutes, you'll understand. Exactly. And then she's back on our TDS. He's not stable. He's not stable. He's not stable. We should all be concerned. And then he asks her the question about Biden's mental faculties. Listen here, The significance of that You call Donald Trump, he's misguided. You say now he's, He's unstable. Unstable. He is unstable. Brett, He's not. Well you say he is mentally not stable. He's not stable. Lemme ask you this. You told many should all interviewers concerned that Joe Biden was on his game that ran around circles on his staff.


When did you first notice that President Biden's mental faculties appeared diminished? Joe Biden, I have watched in from the Oval Office to the situation room, and he has the judgment and the experi. This is not responsive, experi and experienced to do exactly what he has done in making very important decisions on behalf of the American people. Joe Biden, there Are no concerns raised Brett. Joe Biden is not on ballot. I understand But it and Donald Trump, down Trump, Trump. But, But you talked about it. And Donald Trump is after George Clooney said, within a few minutes of talking to President Biden at a fundraiser that he thought this was not the same Joe Biden that we saw on the debate stage. Donald Trump is on the ballot.


I understand you met with him at least once a week for three and a half years. You didn't have any concerns. I think the American people have a concern about Donald Trump. She won't answer. She can't, she knew. She knew for as long as everyone in that administration knew, and she covered it up. And when asked point blank, when did you know she dodged? I mean, look at that answer. I'm just looking at the transcript. He, he asked her, when did you first notice his mental faculties appeared diminished?


She tried to just say, Joe Biden's great. He has the judgment experience. Brett, no concerns raised Joe Biden's not on the ballot. That's the point. He's not on the ballot because he had a mental collapse at a presidential debate. And then the state of his mental acuity became a national security problem and a political problem for you guys. So when did you know that's the question. Joe Biden's not on the ballot. The next answer, Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. George Clooney said within a few minutes he saw it. What about you? Donald Trump is on the ballot. Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. I'm telling you, Fox viewers will be sitting there pulling their hair out. You failed.


You blew your opportunity. You blew your big moment to go into the lion's den and show how tough you were because you couldn't answer the tough questions because you were complicit. And we know it. You met with him at least a week, at least once a week for three and a half years. You didn't have any concerns. Donald Trump. And then another long answer about Donald Trump, it ended with him asking about Iran. And you know how this administration has not acted like Iran is the number one threat she resorted to her word salad. Well, I will tell you most recently, whether it was April or October, and then several hours on each occasion that Iran posed a se a threat to Israel.


I was there most recently in the situation room in the most recent attack, working with the heads of our military and doing what America must always do to defend and to support Israel in its requirement to defend itself and to give American support, to be able to allow Israel to have the resources to defend itself against attack, including from Iran and Iran's terrorist proxies in the region. And that, and my commitment to that is unyielding and unwavering. You've said nothing because you, you were in the situation room when things went down. That's all you've said. How does that show you understand and have pushed policies that take into account Iran is the biggest threat we're facing.


It doesn't. It's just incredibly frustrating. She's incredibly empty. She knows nothing about foreign policy. I mean, nothing. Nothing. At least if you look at Donald Trump over the years, he was coming up a businessman. And so he talk about foreign policy all the time. He's the one who made China a story and, and tariffs and trade. She knows nothing. When we come back, our friends from ruthless will be here to help us get further into this. And the insane media reaction to it. You're being gaslit by the left. This is a failure by Kamala Harris.


Grand. Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, g C's online, on campus at hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of June, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Introducing Instagram Teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All Right, sweetie Pie buckle. Oh, Good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay, kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember, they're elbow pads Needs two. Okay. Yep, there you go. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Joining me now, Josh Holmes Michael Duncan and John Ashbrook. And the man known to his minions as Comfortably Smug, the fellas from the Rootless program. Go find them at youtube.com/ruthless podcast. Great to see you guys. Well look at your new fancy set. Oh, very look, you're stepping it up in the world. I like it. Yeah, we brightened things up a little bit. We like, we we've, we've kind of going And Kelly, you gotta look good for this sort of thing. Yeah, it's taken us this long. I like it. All right. So what did you think of last night? Thank for Having us. We, we appreciate having your air time and we fully respect you. Give us a You're welcome. You're welcome. It is an honor, I'm sure.


Alright, so what'd you think of last night? Lemme start with like two observations before we get into the Kamala stuff. 'cause I think all of us have got thoughts on that. First of all, Brett Baird did an absolutely exceptional job. I mean, this is, yes, he's one of very few, remarkably few journalists yourself included, that when you get into a situation where you're interviewing a public figure of some significance that they can actually do their job in a way that journalism is supposed to be done. I think he did an exceptional job. Second of all, what I found so hilarious about the reaction to all of this is the Democrats acting like she just stormed the beaches at Normandy, right? Yeah. Because She answered all the questions, you know, it's like, no, no, no. Like that's the job that people are supposed to do who call themselves journalists.


And like Brett is an absolute blue chip journalist. Like this is what he does. He did the same thing to Donald Trump, by the way. You know, so I listen, I, I understand that they don't watch Fox, so they don't know what actual journalism looks like on special report at six o'clock, but that's what it's Right. Or any but, or any channel. I guess it's not available, but they, it's been so long, and by that I mean never that Kamala Harris has had a challenging interview since she became the nominee. They don't even understand it when they see it. It's like the dog with the Hmm hmm. They don't, instead of being like, oh, journalism. They're like, he's, so I'll give you a sampling guys. Here is a little bit of the media meltdown.


In response to that interview We witnessed a man who spent his life as a down the middle journalist seeming to throw it all away for his audience of one interrupting the vice president awkwardly and unnecessarily. I thought She handled it masterfully. I mean, he was rude. I think Brett Bear was rude. Listen, was it a home run? No. Did she needed to be a home run? Absolutely not. And I Was quite repulsed by Brett b bearer. I, the attack move from the beginning was, was, was quite stunning. Vice President Kamala Harris kicks Brett Bear's ass as an extraordinary performance from the vice president and hostile territory.


And frankly, Brett Bearer should leave, quit the job and go to a monastery and hope to atone Oh. gosh. Yeah. The lib media reaction is exactly what I was waiting for this morning after I saw it last night. I mean, every morning when I get up, I like to say, today is gonna be an insane day. And what I saw this morning out of the left wing media just did not disappoint. Yeah, no. And And it a huge missed opportunity. I mean, take it outta the partisan lens. And you know, Democrats for weeks have been telling, begging Kamala Harris' campaign to distance herself from President Biden.


And she refused to do that. And Brett Bayer gave her numerous opportunities. He was like, look, you know, 80% of this country thinks we're on the wrong track. Is there anything you would've done differently in the last three and a half years? And she can't, he asked her, okay, what's gonna be different about your administration than Joe Biden? The best she could do is, well, I will be a different person. It'll be a, you know, a different person will be taking the oath. New generation of leadership. Unbelievable. So, and you're younger, you Would, you would think on Fox News, if they had a strategy as a presidential campaign to make that pivot, to make distance between Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, do it on Fox.


You've got people willing to hear that message that are independent, that are conservative, leading, and like, you had a huge opportunity. That's what I is blowing my mind about. This is, it was a huge opportunity for Kamala Harris to finally make that pivot. And she didn't, But she ain't got it. You know, I mean, that's the problem. She just doesn't have another gear like this is for whatever you saw of Kamala Harris, and I think it was an abject disaster for her, for all the reasons that you pointed out in your monologue. I at the top, she doesn't have That's as good as you're gonna get. Like, it, it doesn't get any better for her than that. And imagine you spent the last two weeks not being able to answer the simple question of what you would do differently, and then you get a shot to redo it and you still haven't come up with anything.


Like sooner or later you're just like, well, I guess it's all we got. Harrison's like Scott, Donald Trump, you know? Oh, well. So I will add this. I also thought she was whiny like that business about against the American people. She's got to be aware. She has a terrible voice. As Maureen Callahan describes it, it's vocal fry adjacent. It's too much. It's a, it's a lot. And there's a clip online on Twitter where it has a split screen of her with like the angry scolding look. And Brett bear as follows, with the eyes closed. It's like, and they were like, there isn't a man alive who can't relate to this.


You know, like, She's A lot. And I, I teed up just a little sampling of what I am referring to. Watch The, may I finish, finish, may I finish, may I finish responding please. But here, but this, but you have to let me finish. I'm in the middle. And they didn't bring up Right Bill responding to the point you're raising. Okay. And I'd like to finish turning the page on rhetoric that people are frankly exhausted of Brett, more than 70% people tell people Areed. Well, he's the one who talks about an enemy within, within an enemy within talking about the American people. That's not what you just showed. Well, he was asked about that specific No, no, that's not what you just showed. In all fairness, I respect, I'm telling you to, you telling. That was the question That we asked him. You didn't show that.


You say now he, He's unstable. Unstable. He is unstable, Brad. This is a democracy and in, in a democracy, the president of the United States, in the United States of America should be willing to be able to handle criticism. Sorry. No, my take on that guys is like that. The young gals might be looking for like a girl boss moment. She's already got them because they want abortions. This, she needs to get men. And you tell me what, what man is out there. Like, I wanna spend more time with that. Yeah, I mean, so I, I believe it was actually Roger Ailes who would point out that if you watch people on mute just for the body language, it's extremely telling of what's happening there.


And I actually, after I'd watched it, I muted it. It was much more enjoyable with her on mute. But just looking at her body language, the last 30 seconds for me were just completely critical. She was back in her chair, arms folded. Yeah. Just giving off as much hostility as physically possible a person can convey that whole interview. She basically came off as being someone who is angry, combative, extremely unlikeable. And I I she's not serving herself any favors with male voters, with female voters with any voting block except for the left who has found themselves in a position where they want to be gaslit. Where they want to say, oh, she won the day.


Yes, I am happy. She does not want to answer any questions for me. He, Brett Bayer, you know, it's sad that the state of being a great journalist is asking questions that average American want to know. At what point did you notice Joe Biden had cognitive decline? One of the things that makes Pret so good at this, at this gig is that he has this exudes his comfortability, right? And at one point she was just trying to talk over him the whole time and he is like, I think we're just talking over each other. I apologize. Here's what I'm trying to ask. It's this, this disarming way as a viewer, you watch it and you're like, oh, he, he's got total control of this situation. Meanwhile, you look at her and it's like, it's just combative and, And oh, alright, I've got to read you this Holmes. So first of all, I do wanna say it is, I'm gonna read you this quote 'cause it's plays right off of what you're saying.


But the opposite view Brett revealed after the interview that they got there late. They were supposed to tape between five and five 30. His show starts at six. And when you're doing what's called an As live, where you're doing an interview that's pre-taped and you're just gonna run it as was, you know, without edits, it does take some time to ingest it into the system and to turn it, like you can't, you can't be doing that interview up till 5 58 and make air at six. Trust me, we've been in this position many times on many shows I've done. And so it was important that it go from five to five 30 as she agreed to do. He revealed after the fact, she didn't show up until five 15 and sat down fine. He was a pro. He started taping it with her.


And that 25 minutes in instead of 30, her team was giving him the hard rap. He said four of her staffers were behind her, like rap rap, which explains why he was like, he even said it in the interview, like, I'm getting the hard rap here. Which is so weird because it must have been over the top because if you've got staffers telling you a hard rap is necessary, but the candidate is speaking and going on, she's supposed to be the boss, like she should be in charge. If she wants it to go on, it's gonna go on. I wouldn't be listening to the staffers. So they were in a panic because they knew it wasn't going well and they, they really tried to f him, which by the way did increase the time pressure on Brett.


He knew he had to get through these subjects and to stop the talking points and the non-sequitur. And he did a great job of it. But here's what I wanted to read to you. There's a lot of crazy media reaction, but this guy stood out, stood out to me, he works for Deadline. His name is Dominic Patton. And it's just over the, over the top having been roasted online by the MAGA base in anticipation of softball questions, quote real journalist as the VP called him at one point, you're already wrong, Dominic. She called him a serious journalist. So already you fucked up your facts. Brett barely let the VP get a word in during the opening part of the sit down as Bear played largely to the MAGA base and his core viewership, the veteran anchor appeared largely out of his depth, challenged on his questions and wanting to flex his own muscles.


Bear ended up fumbling his line of questioning and losing control of the interview to the well prepped VP as he got caught up in centering over and over on culture war issues and Joe Biden's mental acuity. Oh my God. Well, Megan, you know, when I want analysis on depth, the first place I usually turn is deadline. Same. And I, same tell you how many opportunities I've had to like go to Deadline and, and just out what is really going on behind the scenes. You just, you, you, you don't know until you read Deadline.


One of the things that was interest to me about the four staffers waving their hands in the background is what subject they were covering when they did it. She was getting very weak on her on and they lost their mind. That's What it was. Yeah. She, we can't let her keep talking about Iran because we have Iran ISTs who are working for us, and so we can't mess that up. They're watching Michigan poll numbers point tick down. Exactly. That's a good point. And complaining that Brett was interrupting her. Well, it, you know, you gotta make some clarifying points during an answer in which like, they all start with, well we really gotta go back to the signing of the Treaty of Versailles before we talk about the order crisis. You know, like she was clearly stalling for time because she didn't wanna have to answer the question.


I mean, it was Brett who had a name check, the bill she was referencing that would quote Secure the border, the US Citizenship Act. Yeah. Right. That's, that's an amnesty bill, like a border security bill. And then she talks about, well, in the last nine months we could have passed a bill that would've strengthened all these things. And yes, he has to clarify, well, lake, that doesn't help Lake and Riley because the illegal immigrant that murdered her got in in, you know, 2022. Yeah. And it's like that, that's the job of a journalist. I know that's uncomfortable for them that, that she got asked real questions, but it's nice that it finally, well, they don't know it. I mean, That's the, that's the thing that's so blatantly obvious about first of all, the Fever Swamp that the deadline guy lives in. You'd probably take a look at that and get the hell out as fast as possible.


But, but like, they're so unaccustomed to any sort of real pushing or questioning. I mean, look, this, this lady's been the nominee of the Democratic Party since mid-July. Nobody's ever asked her. I mean, the fact that she's on stage in the first place is because of the mental decline, obviously, of her boss. Right? And that's why he got off the ticket and she's on it. That's not an imperative question to be asked. That's the first time anybody's ever said, Hey, Kamala, did you ever notice that the guy couldn't complete a sentence? Right? Right. We Be married, the rest of the media can't do it because they were in on it. See, this is the first person she has sat with who wasn't in on it and therefore had no qualms about saying, yo, he's been dec in decline for a long time and you've been vouching for him.


Let me read you something on the interruptions. I mean, this is, first of all, David ppl, who's I think running her campaign, tweeted out right after it was over Kamala Harris Strong. Now you tell me when you have to tell the people she was strong. She, you don't, you don't really see Donald Trump's people tweeting out Donald Trump strong. We know Kamala Harris Strong handled an ambush Fox interview light years better than the, the hash Donald Trump unstable made of the Fox pep rally disguised as the town hall. So it was an ambush. According to him, Claire McCaskill Brett Bear was downright rude and disrespectful. She's strong. She, she's strong. She, she, she tweeted Dan Pfeiffer, who's part of that Pod Save America.


Right? Brett Bear likes to dress up as a journalist, but he is as committed to the larger Fox News Project as Hannity or Pirro. Here's, listen to this, Harris Harris handled that Fox News interview with confidence and skill. Now try to imagine Donald Trump handling tough antagonistic questions. You Got to be kidding me. Yeah, Yeah. No, It's, it's crazy. Three months ago they were all saying, no, Joe Biden's a mental giant behind the scenes. Just trust us today. They're saying, oh, Kamala was really strong. She killed it. Yeah. And well then, okay, I don't know why people like Puff and P are humiliating themselves. They've already made so much money, like the pot save guys got in trouble with their employees going on strike because their houses are an architectural digest.


You don't have to be alien at yourself like this. You're already loaded. So smug, maybe we're being too hard. Maybe they just really don't like interruptions. Like Claire McCaskill all these Ms NB CERs. Maybe they really don't like interruptions as we heard on M-S-N-B-C. We heard on CNN, oh wait, here's a little montage to remind you. The biggest scandal was when they spied of my campaign, they spied of my campaign, Leslie. Well, there's no real evidence of that. Of course there is. It's all over the place. Leslie, sir, they spied of my campaign and they got called Can I, can I say something? You know, this is 60 minutes and we can't put on things we can't verify. You won't put it on because it's bad for Biden. We, We can't put on things we can't verify Leslie, they spied of my campaigns.


Well, we can't verify that. It's been totally Verified. You haven't asked about inflation. The No, no, I'm sorry. Let's stick to this. The American people I know know The American people want us to talk about how to make their lives better. They don't want us to Why You say that? The Unselect committee destroyed all the evidence. They say they, I wanna know about your Perspective, Mr. Wait, Kristen, I wanna ask. They put out an announcement that This I I I agree. You don't wanna talk about policy Again? No. What I wanna talk about, you're talking about what I wanna talk about instead of about the fact Senator Kam Harris, Senator was your distraction Granted amnesty. You were the one who started talking about amnesty at a mass Passes An attack on a political opponent. I have another one where I have a hostile i'd. We have you for a limited time, sir.


I'd love to move on to different topics. We have, you're the one that held me up at 35 minutes. You Absolutely could reengage folks into the American labor market. This Is, I think, I mean, to work in construction, of course you could. As long as you put, I mean the unemployment rate is 4.1%. Most people who But the unemployment rate, Lulu, this, this is important to unemploy, but Most people who don't work can't work in the regular economy. Maybe, maybe they're okay depending on who's across from the journalist at issue. Yeah, I mean, partisan ship's a hell of a drug. The problem is, is that, you know, there aren't any Walter Cronkites roaming around those mainstream corporate media outfits anymore. I mean, they just don't have 'em. And they're so unaccustomed to any Democrat being pushed in the same way that every single Republican has, and even on their own, like conservative networks, right?


Conservative want answers to things they don't like, just wanna see your face, right? I mean, they want answers to thing libs don't. Yeah. Like they just want power. I would love to know what that woman considers the regular economy. I feel like that would be really interest. What is a regular economy? The double standard is just so in your face. But I will say there was one line that Kamala Harris delivered in that interview, which will come back to haunt her. I mean, I should say Trump tweeted out the whole interview saying our latest campaign ad just dropped. Yeah. But there was one line in particular, we liked it so much, we made a button of it. Listen, Responsible for what happened in your administration.


There we, let's hear it again, Responsible for what happened in your administration. What an amazing admission. Right? You know, as she spends the rest of the 25 minutes discussing how she has absolutely no responsibility for the administration that she serves in, right? I mean, it's just a wild it we come back to those things like you mentioned on the view when that she says that she wouldn't do anything different than, than Biden or this clip. They're like basic central tenets of this campaign that they have tried to work the entire messaging around that she's new, that she's different. She'll do things different than Joe Biden. That, that this is a change election and she is the change agent. Maybe whether it's generational or policy-wise or all those things. And yet every single time that she's asked anything remotely touching those things, she fucks it up.


And. It's like, dude, like go, is somebody not have just one talking point? Is there not just one talking point over in the Kamala Harris campaign where like every time you're asked about something, say this, she, Oh, I mean, yes. The answer to that is yes. And we've heard it a thousand times here. She was with Charlamagne, the God on his radio show yesterday, unleashing her very favorite one. It's sat 26. Knowing the entrepreneurship that we have in the community, the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams. Oh God. Not everybody has access to the capital, but they, but we know in the community, we do not lack for ambition, aspirations, dreams, hard work ethic.


My agenda is about tapping into the ambitions and the aspirations, knowing that folks want to have an opportunity. There's a Couple of things that you said. I Appreciate you. Thank you. Thank you, Zeke. There was a couple of things that you said that people would say were talking points, but it's really just your story. Even though they are becoming your greatest hits. Come on. Yeah, come on. He's a pro. He tried to savor, you know? Yeah. Oh, many times his questions were ridiculous. I actually can't believe what a boot licking experience it was. I would've expected a couple of tough ones. Why? Why do you let him call you the border czar?


That wasn't your role. Why is it okay for him to say he will lock up his political opponents? Right. It's ridiculous. I mean, they all went like this. I will show you my favorite part of that interview though, where she promises she's gonna win and debuted a new accent. Take a listen. This is a margin of era race. It's tight. I'm gonna win, I'm gonna win. But it's tight. And you know what is at stake is truly profound. I'm sorry guys, Yet another one. But I like, she gets in front of a largely black audience and there, I'm, I'm gonna win.


I'm gonna win. Girl. I mean, it's so obvious, it's so insulting. She gets away with it. Of all the Democrat candidates to copy, she goes with Hillary Clinton and being unlikable and creating accents on the spot. I, that's not exactly the template for victory. Is that how you win black men? You talk like that. Is that what she's doing? Like maybe we should try sending President Obama to scold them. Maybe that'll make them think I'm must of a scold. Maybe she's just running boldly on the platform of inauthentic authenticity. Yeah. Like that's, she's like, everybody tries to be authentic. Let me do the exact, I'm gonna see Yes. I mean like her, but her reach out is so absurd to the black men.


This continues, right? 'cause she, she thinks she can win if she can just boost those numbers with the black men who are going more and more for Trump. And that re requires going on Charlemagne's show and talking like that. I'm going win. I'm going. You tell it girl. I hear that girl. Like, come on, this is ridiculous. We hear you all the time. We, we know this is not how you talk. And she released her plan the other day. You saw where it's like, I know exactly what black men want. I'm gonna legalize weed. I put 1900 black people and others in jail for smoking weed or for dealing weed out in California, but now I've seen the light. I'm gonna legalize weed. Does that appeal to you black men? That's what I think of you and Van Jones, as if on cue comes in when he sees her plan, which is like, we're gonna study the diseases that affect black men.


We're gonna create like special loans just for black men, which is illegal. That's not okay. You're not, you're not allowed to do that in America under our constitution. She promptly reversed it and said, oh, Emmy. For everyone, for everyone. Which she did on Char Charlemagne, because it's illegal to do it her. Anyway, he takes a look at her little list and look at his reaction. Finally, Kamala Harris sent us a love letter that to you that might have been a policy document. I read that as a love letter from Kamala Harris to black men who need some love black men who need some respect, black men who need some concern and some care and consideration. You know, we, we need some MLA from Kamala and we got that Kamala.


Oof. How about jobs? Nothing. How, how about how about jobs? How about a better income? How about a better shot at exactly what you want? It's like, I I, what I don't understand is her pandering is like I, it, I've never seen anything like it. And it's not just the accent, it's not just the made up lines. It's not just the endless string of prepositional phrases. It's like saying what she thinks people want to hear and it's, they're just like, Hey, how about, how about a better life for me and my family? Yeah. No, I It's condescending too. A hundred percent. You know, I mean like, you start with the drug legalization thing. Like, okay, all, well, that's certainly an assumption that you've made Kamala Harris about our community.


But then you have these like nickel and dime, $25,000, whatever, $50,000 small business write offs and all of these things. And, and then they're like, none of which She'll get through with the divided government. Yeah, we can't do it. But remember, I mean, look, the, the Biden administration actually tried to do this with black farmers. It wasn't until the Supreme Court stepped in and was like, Hey, by the way, there is like a mountain of civil rights leaders that fought for the, the whole idea that we can't award race-based consideration of tax dollars in this country. And like, I don't know, they sort of had a pretty good point and they threw the whole thing out and she's like, no, we'll try that again. Oh wait, can't do that. Sorry. Yeah, I mean it's just, sorry, a sub. My, my plan is falling apart within days of announcing it.


I mean hours of announcing it. I do wanna get back just for a minute to the media reaction to her interview last night, because we've been hearing more and more the, her supporters mentioned the woman thing. It wasn't just Barack Obama. We've been, I heard on the New York Times the Daily podcast the other day, like more and more they're trying to attribute whatever problems she's having in the, in the polls to, you know, Yeah, The country doesn't like women, women can't make it in America. And here was the most explicit version I heard from Anand Anand, JIRA Haras, he's an NYU professor and an m s M BC contributor. And here was his reaction this morning to the Fox News interview But.


it was almost interruption is last night I was watching this And. it was like, this is, this is interruption as an art form interruption And. it felt like it started to feel like interruption as a metaphor for a, a rising new America, new generation of leadership. A woman, a person of color in Kamala Harris trying to speak and this kind of figure of the old guard who was offended at the notion that her voice had a volume, right? That her vocal chords made sound, invited her on the show and then was very, very angry that he could hear her And. it just felt like a metaphor for a, a minority in this country that is angry at the notion that a rising pluralist, more plurals new America is speaking, is around, is here.


And a desire to interrupt not just a person, but the future. And I actually don't think the future will be interrupted, Huh? So this guy is a complete moron. And I think Americans are really fed up with this kind of game where it really started during the Obama presidency. But saying everything is racism. This is white supremacy, this is sexism, this is misogyny. We're no longer in a place where we have an economy where we're allowed to have this kind of luxury of this made up garbage to be a concern for Americans. We have Western North Carolina. Underwater Americans are paying 8% on mortgages.


They don't wanna hear a message that actually you're a racist and America is a terrible country and they keep trying to play this And. it just, that strategy's not gonna work anymore. There's actual serious concerns for Americans. The border is wide open. Americans are getting murdered. There's, there's houses, there's buildings being taken over by gangs from Venezuela. And you have Martha Rat who says, well, yeah, I mean it's only a few buildings JD that have been taken over there, handful problems. And, and for these people to try to cover for an idiot, this is Kamala Harris is not only unprepared, it would be dangerous to have such a moron in office unprepared for even meeting with Brett Bear, let alone run the country. And they're trying to play the racism card. Americans are fed up with that guy.


I don't know, smug, I think a lot of, you know, Trump, Trump voters who might watch that would be very compelled to believe what that character from the Hunger Games movie told him. Honestly, I couldn't even listen to what he was saying. I was like, dude, pull your finger outta the lights. Soe. What is that hair? What The hell? That's a lot. Unbelievable. There was a lot of hair going on there. But it's not just Anand. I'll give you an example of what we've been hearing in, in recent days, is her poll numbers struggle in state after state watch. You just aren't feeling the idea of having a woman as present. That's what being a man is, putting women down. That's not exciting.


I think what weighs Kamala Harris down are two things that are obvious that distinguishes her from say, a Hillary Clinton or a Joe Biden or even Barack Obama. This is a woman of color and He's asking people who are the most racist of this country to support him. I'm the Trump 47 buck doesn't, I'm A Latino. That means he has me on that bus. That means you're okay with racism. It doesn't mean he's not Racist. Absolutely. We do have a fascist groundswell in parts of this country, mainly among white men, let's be clear, but in small pockets among black and brown men too. This happens to be a global phenomenon as women become more economically independent and seek positions of power.


But somehow it's a tight race comes down to race and comes down to gender. Like if Kamala was a rich white man, the race probably wouldn't be as close. This country still has an uninvestigated race problem that we are afraid to investigate. There's A reason why America has the same number of female presidents as the Taliban, but there's a, a certain type of person who thinks that voting for a woman makes you less of a man. Oh, Comparing this country to Taliban. I mean, I I mean it's just, it look time after time after time, it is the last leftist refuge of a losing argument every time they get behind the eight ball. Whether it's a policy argument or whether it's a a campaign argument or something.


It's always racism and sexism. It has to be, because certainly our leftist ideas that have bankrupted more countries around this world over the last 50 years than anything else aren't the Problem. Yeah. And certainly it can't be the problem that we nominated an absolute idiot. I mean, I, there are millions of women in this country who have no problem getting their point across. I live with four of them and I'm on TV with, I, I don't, I don't understand why they're like, oh no, they're against women. No, we're against that one. You know? Yeah. She's, she's a moron. Can you think, think about how the other leaders around the world are talking about, we've talked about this on the show. They make fun of her amongst themselves. Our enemies are like, yeah, I hope Kamala wins so that America steps down a notch And, it gives us a competitive advantage.


But don't you Think, fellas, and we talked a little bit about this this week on our show, Megan, it it, don't, you think that when they go to this last refuge, when they get to the point where you're all just a bunch of sexists or the argument that Barack Obama was making, isn't that basically what has pushed men away to begin with? Exactly. I mean, exactly. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like what man in America wants to be nagged and guilted into accepting that they're the problem. Like in, in all of this. Like, it's not what we all see in with our eyes every single day. That somehow like, oh, once again, look, we looked into it, we looked at the evidence and, and you're the problem. You know, and it's like, I feel like the men of America are tired of that. Back to SMUGs point, there's real problems, the economy, North Carolina being underwater and it's like, we're not gonna take this bullshit anymore.


That's right. I really think that the average American, they're smart. It, they, they may not be, you know, well educated or quote book smart in all cases, but that they have street smarts, they have instincts and that's why they make good jurors. And you, you know, I've, I've tried cases in front of juries before and you have a witness up there who is like kind of slimy in like their wiggling in response to the questions. It's a gift. You almost don't, you don't need to nail them down as the questioner. You just need to ask the question maybe twice, possibly a third time, depending on how important it is just to show the jury he won't answer. You can, I don't have to club you over the head with it.


You see it, I see it. And that was the sin she committed last night. She wouldn't answer on the three and a half years that she did nothing about the border. She wouldn't answer on the trans prisoners thing, which should be a very easy answer for her. She wouldn't answer about Biden's mental acuity. And what she saw and what they saw was somebody who was wiggly and didn't wanna be straight with them. That she, she did blow an opportunity both because she wouldn't take positions on issues that are important and because she telegraphed to them, I can't be trusted, I won't level with you. I'm really just a democrat, I operative, you know, but I'm gonna win.


I'm gonna win. I think that's entirely right. I mean, we joke about this all the time. The American people are often way, way, way ahead of not only where politicians are, but the media that are, are attempting to report on them mean you look at things like Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky. I mean the reason he didn't take a nosedive in the polls when all that stuff came out is people were like, man, I knew the minute that thing came up, what happened? Like, I got it right? Or like you look at like the Stormy Daniels thing and people are just shocked and aghast that that whole trial where she's testifying didn't hurt Donald Trump. People were like, dude, we got it. We already processed all that six years ago. You know what I mean? Yeah. They know what's happening and they know when somebody's not giving 'em a straight answer, which is precisely what she did in every question.


Right? It's one thing I've talked to the audience before about bridging away. They taught us this as, as young lawyers, how to bridge when a judge asks you a question that's just terrible for your side and you do have to do that sometimes. And politicians do it all the time and Trump does it and I get it. But you, you cannot do that on the core issues of this election, like immigration and why you didn't do anything about it, you know? And the trans thing has totally exploded in the last few weeks of this. It's like becoming one of the top issues and it's terrible for them. So she was just as wiggly on that, even though it's very clear where she stands And, it just leaves you with this feeling of like, I don't, I don't trust her. I know she's hiding something.


That's not how people, people wanna feel. Alright, standby. I'm gonna take a break and come back. I've gotta ask you about the latest polls and what, where you guys think this race stands now less than three weeks from Voting Day.


It's another intense election season and it's easy to feel pulled in different directions with all the political noise. But with DonorsTrust, you can stay in control of your charitable giving. You choose the organizations that reflect your values, whether it's conservative or libertarian or faith driven. And DonorsTrust will make sure your donations go exactly where you want. It's private, it's secure, and no matter who wins your giving stays true to your principles. Plus their service is top-notch. They make everything easy. So you can focus on making an impact with DonorsTrust. It's your vision, your values, your impact. Learn more and consider opening a donor-advised fund today at DonorsTrust dot org slash MK. That's DonorsTrust dot org slash MK.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts a new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All right, sweetie pie, buckle up. Good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember, their elbow pads Needs two. Okay. Yep, There you go. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see


It's game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's Red Hot Hunch 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook ga problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I realize that at this point in the game, it's dangerous to look at polls for anything. The only one that matters is on November 5th, but I'm gonna do it anyway. What the hell? The latest are showing some weird things guys. Marist has got Harris up nationally plus five over Trump among independents. They've got Trump up 10 points over Harris and that's up six points for Trump since their last poll. So he gained six points with independence, but he's trailing her in the overall by five and then 1776 projects. Ryan Gerus tweeted out, if you're seeing this and wondering how this can be, it's because the sample size was d plus seven.


D plus seven puts her up five points over him in the, in the national. That's crazy. Who goes to the poll it puts that has the a seven percentage point favor of the Democrat towards Democrats and who they ask. Same thing with this Fox poll that's getting attention today. Has her down two points in the overall to Trump, but then without providing the cross tabs, they say, however, she's ahead by six points among voters from the seven Battlegrounds. What does that mean? Up six points? He's so she's beating him by six points among voters in the seven battlegrounds without providing any cross tabs or information.


But if you dig like into the last one, guess what the margin of error is on that poll. 6.5 percentage points. Oh Yes, there you go. It's totally useless. So what is this? This is garbage fox Polling's usually better than this. This is disgusting. This is like, it's a lie. So I don't know what to think. I'll give you just two more. Quinnipiac Battleground polling just that just dropped shows Trump up seven in Georgia over her. He had been up five and in North Carolina, which is a redder state, shows her up two, whereas in the September 29th poll he'd been up one. So a lot of people are saying online, these polls make no sense.


How can North Carolina be more blue than Georgia? What do you guys make of it? Yeah, I mean, look, a couple things off the top. First of all, national polling is absolute garbage at this point because their universe is including a whole bunch of coastal people. They're electoral boats of long been since counted, right? So you gotta throw out all your national polls and look for these battleground things. Here's, lemme just say as a jumping off point, and then we can talk about these specific things. Polling gets really jumpy in the month of October. You have every media organization in the country that is polling all of these things. You've got every campaign statewide. You've got the Presidentials, you have the super PAC supporting said campaigns, and then you have these like independent pollsters out there doing it.


So your average sample that you need to get, you know what is reflective of a universe of actual voters is penetrated like 17 different times in any given week. And how many people do you know Meghan, that spend Friday night, 35 minutes talking to a random pollster about all their thoughts, dreams as it as it pertains to the electorate? There's a really a small number of people that'll actually do that. So when you have that kind of inundation, it makes it increasingly difficult to actually get good numbers out of it. And that's why you see October stuff start jumping around. I mean, in the industry, the way that I prefer to do it, if you're trying to make a decision in, in terms of messaging or something else, is something we call tracking, which basically leaves it open where you're, you're constantly pulling each and every night because it averages out your three or five day roll.


So if you get a real bad night or real good night, you can see everything kind of averaged out over the middle. Now of course, media organizations don't do that. It's incredibly expensive to do, but therefore it really doesn't give you an accurate sense of where polls are. I'll tell you this, I don't know what the polls are telling us, But. it does look like both sides this year are taking to early voting. Yeah, the like the numbers look big, at least down in Georgia they had record breaking early voting and I realize that the Democrats think this is better for them because it is record breaking. But I'm just not so sure because Trump recently switched too recently, frankly switched from only vote on election day to urging his supporters to do it early.


Do the mail-in voting, do the early voting. And I've heard Charlie Kirk of turning points say the same. It's got Georgia and Arizona in particular get out, get out and vote early and that they like what they're seeing so far. So I'm not sure what to believe, but I do think this election's a little unlike the last two where Republicans are less skeptical of the mail-in voting. What do you guys think? Well, historically Republicans have been able to win in the early vote. Yeah. Pre-Trump era. That was like our thing. Yeah. And I really hope that, you know, we make the significant push. I remember four years ago when we had to deal with that heartbreak. People were like, listen, we're gonna use all the tactics that Democrats did of early voting of ballot harvesting and everything.


Now's our time to follow through on that, how bad it felt losing that election. We need to make them feel the Democrats when we use that same tactic. We need to swamp the vote right now. Today is the first day of early voting in North Carolina. Every single person there needs to go cast your vote for Trump. You don't know what's gonna happen on election day. You saw natural disasters can come through, it could snow. You don't know what's gonna happen on election day. Get that vote in the Secretary of State shows you online that your vote has been counted. There can be no excuse to lose this election to Kamala Harris. We need to get those votes in for Trump now. Get 'em in the back. Hmm. And there is some good news for Republicans out of the early vote. I mean there was a, a data point out of Pennsylvania yesterday that showed that Democrats are turning out at 900,000 votes fewer than it turned out at this point in the 2020 race.


So maybe Democrats aren't as enthusiastic about Kamala as they had hoped their electorate Well and, and 2020 is gonna be your high watermark for the disparity between Democrats and Republicans with absentee by mail. Yeah. And early vote. So any little improvement by Republicans in all of these battleground states is gonna make a massive difference on election day. And remember, 2020 was decided by 40,000 votes over seven states. I mean, you're talking about slim, slim markets. Yeah. I mean look it Megan, it really is the difference between winning and losing here. I mean, what, what Duncan just said, 40,000 votes over over seven states. The difference between losing an election and an electoral landslide is less than a hundred thousand votes.


It's less than a hundred thousand votes. Oh. And so if you think about sort of making a plan to vote and Republicans I think are, are, it seems like they're doing a good job of trying to emphasize that, but banking those votes early, getting them in and then repressing, trying to figure out where the field of persuadable voters are both sa it saves the campaign in an incredible amount of resources. But two, it just, the certainty involved is so much better where you don't have to deal with natural disasters or anything that could happen on election day that you can't get to the polls. But that's such a good point. That's why people like Charlie want the voters and 'cause he's helping with this get out the vote effort.


They want voters in Georgia, North Carolina, Arizona to get out early. Because once they know that they've banked that person's vote, they can move on to targeting people who might be fence sitting. You know, who they've called on once or twice, but are low propensity voters who they, they gotta put all their resources. Charlie Kirk's gonna sh personally show up at your house and ask you to come vote for Donald Trump with him But. it does help them like consider it's not just like, oh, do it just in case. It's like, no, do it because it will help the people who are on the ground stumping for Trump trying to get voters out there, know where to concentrate their efforts. That's a very good point. Can I ask you this? So where, how do you like the, the odds here, you know, less than three weeks to go, I what's gonna happen?


What do you think? I'd, I'd rather be Trump than Kamala. Obviously a lot of this depends on what we just discussed, but if you look at where things have settled out and over the last 10 days, you look at some trend lines in places like Michigan and Wisconsin in particular. Trump's got multiple pathways to win provided he wins Georgia and North Carolina. If he wins Pennsylvania, this thing's over, it's done right. But he doesn't need to win Pennsylvania. He could also win Wisconsin and Arizona and it's 2 72. So I mean there, there's, there's a bunch of different pathways for him. There are zero pathways for her without Pennsylvania. She's gotta have it, it is neck and neck. You heard the, the numbers from the early vote. I mean, I like to have options.


Yeah. I like if I'm a campaign at this stage, I like to have options. And it doesn't feel like she's got a lot. Yeah. And I'll tell you, Megan, there is another number that really sticks out to me. It's the one that Brett quoted last night. 80% of the people in this country think that we're on the wrong track. And that is bad news for the party who's been in power for 12 of the last 16 years. They've, they've, they've made every single bad thing that's happened for us. And I think people just want change. And what Trump did, he led with authority. He was strong and our economy was pretty good when he was in charge. Yeah. And I said it on ruthless on on the last episode, but like outside of the polling, polling obviously informs what we think is happening in a campaign. But the other thing that informs our opinion is what the campaigns are doing.


Yeah. And Kamala Harris, you know, going to Fox News, swinging wild, trying anything she can to squeeze out extra votes tells you they're desperate that they know that they're behind With no central messaging either. Right. Like today, black Men Day. Right. You would never take that risk knowing your candidate is Kamala Harrison put her on Fox News unless you knew it was desperation Hail Mary time. Yeah. You Should have a central thesis that you're pushing across the finish line. Totally. At this point, everybody should know exactly what it is that you're saying before you say it when you're within 20 days of an election. Right. Hers is every day is something new and I think that is something New. Yeah. Like a, a brand new policy that she's unveiling for black men only. It's like, what? This is all new crypto weed.


Where where was this Weed? I mean that's, I don't, it's just said like we are now just a couple weeks from election day. You're closing the deal. You're not pitching it. Yeah. She's like, this is my policy proposal for this and I'm gonna hand this group a million dollars. Wait, that's illegal. I guess it's for everyone. She like, you see what Donald Trump is doing right now at these rallies. He's saying now's the time to vote. He's closing the deal. Kamal is trying to figure out what she's offering. And, and that's the other thing. He's defending his policies and well that, his appearance with the Bloomberg guy the other day was amazing. I'm just gonna show the audience a little bit of, we put a little montage. It's my favorite sound of the week Watch.


You are running up enormous debts. What, What is the Wall Street Journal now? I'm meeting with them tomorrow. What is the Wall Street Journal? Now they've been wrong about everything. So have you by the way, you've been wrong. You are trying to turn this, you are trying to turn this, you've been wrong about No, you are trying to turn, you are trying to turn this into debate. There's, there are business debate people. It's not, there are business but wrong. You wanna keep Jerome Powell as chair of the Federal Reserve his term as chair runs on to May, 2026. Would you seek to remove, remove or demote him? Look, I, I think it's the greatest job in government. You show up to the office once a month and you say, let's see, flip a coin. And everybody talks about you like you're a God.


Oh, what will he do? Gavin Newcomb, he's the governor of California. Newsom. He signed scu. I call him. But do you, do you think he corrected me? He corrected me. I said there there a, that's the first time I've been Corrected. There are CEOs out here. If they were said those sort of things about a rival CE they'd be, I know they'd be sacked. Do you think it's Know, but they don't have to survive like me. They don't have to go through what I have to go through. So. Right. That was totally credible. I loved his last answer. Like that audience, that's the economic club of Chicago. Like the, the gentleman mentioned these are CEOs and business leaders in the audience and they are cheering for Trump. Yeah. You got a standing up and also like you go In totally confident and facile with the facts.


You guys, unlike his opponent. Exactly. That's that's a point I was gonna make. I mean these, this is a crew that is not predispositioned to like what it is that he's selling from a populist economic agenda. And he did it. Yep. He went into the that, that's what the belly of the beast looks like. Yep. It's certainly not sitting across the table from a journalist. It was amazing to hear him say, but they don't have to go through what I do. Exactly. Right. He's gotta fight And it. If he has to fight dirty, then so be it. That's what they do with him. A pleasure gentlemen. Great to see you Always. Awesome. You're doing great. So, so thank you Maggie. Aw, thanks guys. Okay, so to be continued, we're going to be back tomorrow and we saved Doug mh h's latest media appearance for our guest.


Then it's Maureen Callahan. She's gonna have thoughts. She's been writing about it. There's so much news right now. Thank you for trusting us and we'll do it all over again tomorrow. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear


Data centers are the giant computers that power our digital economy, but they are so much more. I'm Stephanie Wong. I'm the host of Where the Internet Lives. A podcast from Google about the unseen world of data centers. We're exploring how data centers are making the world a more resilient place. Over five episodes, we'll hear stories about data enabled solutions to wildfire prediction, fixing the aging electric grid, eliminating waste and fighting heat waves. Listen to where the internet lives. Wherever you get your shows,


It's game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's red Hot Hunch. 21 plus in present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withdraw Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.