
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call, visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. President Biden expected to address the nation tonight. A farewell address of sorts for what some are calling his zombie presidency. Is he there? You heard? I think it was Michael Brendan Dougherty. Was it? No, it was Jim Garrity, sorry, the other day saying it's a, it's, he's a pinot president in name only, at least has been for the past week. And we don't know for how long before that. So we'll see tonight. Will he be live? Will it be on tape?


And what will his message be for the remaining six months of his presidency? Will he address the questions about his mental acuity directly, which he did not do in his, I'm stepping down from my candidacy letter. Meantime, vice President Kamala Harris takes center stage in the political conversation. This, I gotta be honest, been insufferable. Oh my God, I'm not, you know, I quoted this line the other day on Twitter. I can use it every day. It's Mr. GL from Willy Wonka, which you know, is my cultural reference for everything. And he says, I can't take much more of this. That's me. That's all political reporters, but it's really me.


In response to this attempt to rebrand everything Kamala Harris has ever done as the coolest thing we've ever seen. She's a meme queen declares Politico. The sycophants in the press are working overtime to sell her to the public again as part of her rebrand. She's the fun wine aunt. She's not somebody who has a cackle. She's not laughing. Kamala, I just can't, I can't. So far no interviews announced. That actually is kind of interesting. And right now she's relying on others to do the work for her. The polls are raising some red flags meantime for Team Trump in the early days of the Harris candidacy.


And that's where we will begin today. As we are joined by the guys from Real Clear politics. Their website is a must read destination, especially during election seasons, but really every day, all year round. Tom Bevan is the co-founder and president. Carl Cannon is Washington Bureau chief and Andrew Walworth is Chief Content Officer. Together. They're also now the hosts of the RealClearPolitics podcast, which you can listen to live on SiriusXM every day on the pot channel at 6:00 PM Eastern


If. you were not following the news. A massive hit to the US dollar just came in June when Saudi Arabia did not renew its 50 year petro dollar deal with the us. Since 1974, Saudi Arabia has sold oil exclusively in the US dollars and that was huge to America's global economic dominance. Now they want options other than the dollar. So ask yourself if there's less demand for the dollar, what happens next? Look, it's reasons like this that Americans are looking at Birch Gold Group. For over 20 years, Birch Gold has helped tens of thousands of Americans protect their savings by converting an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. To learn more, text the word MK to M 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your free no obligation info kit on gold MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Perch Gold has earned the trust of so many with their education first approach. There are thousands of happy customers and many five star reviews. Consider protecting your savings with gold right now. MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Guys, welcome to the show. Great To be with you Megan. Thanks for having us. Oh, it's nice to see you all. I, I listen to you often, but I never get to see you and of course I know only Tom. I really been enjoying the show. Welcome to SiriusXM. It's great to have you guys here. I think you're doing a wonderful job. I especially like it when Carl and Tom fight Whatever you're doing, it's working. So let's talk about, since it is called Real Clear Politics, some real clear polling, which is also a section on the website. When we came on the air yesterday, there was a poll showing that she was struggling when it came to younger voters, which is one of the areas in which she's supposed to be helping right the ship.


But she hadn't, in fact, Trump had had some 19 point swing from being underwater with younger voters in 2020 to being above Joe Biden by Two Points in Younger Voters, and then was above Kamala Harris according to the latest polling, which only included one day post her announce or post his withdrawal. But still he, it Trump was over her 17 points. Now we get the Reuters Ipsos poll. This is registered Voters And. it was conducted Monday through Tuesday. So all post his dropout and endorsement of her head-to-head, it shows Harris ahead of Trump by two points. The last poll they did was mid-July showed Harris and a hypothetical at that point, 44 to 40 to Trump's 44.


It was a, so it was a tie. She's gone up two and in a three-Way race, currently it's showing Harris up four points. She's at 42 trump's at 38 RFK, juniors at eight. So Tom, I'll start with you. What do you make of the Harris favorability numbers here? It released polling numbers here in this Reuters Ipsos poll. Yeah, and there was another poll out this morning, the NPR Marist poll, which had Trump up one point. Look, I think it's clear that she has energized Democrats and, and you know, numbers have gone up among African Americans, particularly women, Hispanic voters as well in the early going.


But to your point, not among young voters. She has in the Quinnipiac poll that was released a couple days ago, she was at underwater 14 points among independents, which is exactly where Joe Biden was. And we're also seeing that bi that Harris is not doing as well among white voters. And so I think, look, it's gonna take some time for this to kind of settle in and, and sort itself out. But, and some of this may be just a temporary, you know, bump for her enthusiasm wise. She does seem to be, when Biden dropped out, he was trailing Trump in our real clear politics, national average two-way race by three points. And right now she's at one point she's trailing Trump by 1.6.


So a little bit of an upgrade there, but we'll see how long that lasts and, and, and where things settle. And we're still waiting for, you know, data in these key battleground states. Okay? But the thing is, Carl, even Trump's longtime pollster, Tony Fabrizio has, they've leaked obviously an internal campaign memo saying, expect the Harris honeymoon that they expect to see in the coming days as the mainstream media goes wall to wall. Coordinating her, as I said in the intro, redefining her, lifting her, celebrating her. And they see it coming too. They know it's gonna come and then they say, but the honeymoon will end as soon as her record comes out.


What do you make of that? Well, I think that's right. The, you know, the Democrats almost had like a little convention in terms of the press coverage they were getting right after the Republican convention before we could measure whether there was a bounce out of Milwaukee for the Republicans. Joe Biden's, you know, announced he's not running. Kamala Harris is coronated. And then you, you, as you said Megan, all this, this loving coverage. It wasn't the first time, you know, when she announced when she ran four years ago, she got, I, I'd never seen coverage, news coverage like that. And the campaign was mismanaged. And as you know, she didn't even make it to the, you know, starting gate in Iowa, let alone the finish line at the convention.


But this has started again. But the other thing is If, you think about there, there's there know despite this, this, you know, revisionist history that Joe Biden is the greatest president since George Washington or Lincoln, you know, that the Democrats are saying. And that there were four groups of people, this guy Biden very low numbers for reelection. You know what, 40% job approval ratings. So there were these sort of four groups of Americans that didn't like the Biden administration. The first group is conservatives and Republicans and Trump supporters. You just wouldn't like a democratic president. Second group was people who were offended, swing voters, mostly independents.


Joe Biden campaigned to be a unifying camp, you know, figure. And instead he was very hyperpartisan, very divisive as president. And a third group of people are swing voters and independents who just thought there record on issues like immigration and inflation was abysmal. But there's a fourth group and that group was, and those three groups are all gonna still be critical of the Harris of Kamala Harris. But there's a fourth group of voters who just thought Joe Biden was too old. And that's the pr that's the ans Harris is the answer to that question. And so I think a a, a bump up on that issue alone. You got this guy out, he was too old to run, he's out. People were looking for a, who wanted to vote Democrat but couldn't support this guy. They can now go to Kamala Harris.


You know, Andrew, the numbers in terms of fundraising that they've pulled in over the past couple of days are pretty staggering. It was as of yesterday, something like 81 million in donations to Harris. Now I saw the latest figure was up over 126 million and just saw a report online that some 896,000 of those are from donors who had not donated anything yet this cycle, all of that is very good news for what had been a limping democratic party. But it doesn't change, you know, the fundamentals of the race, the policies that the Biden Harris administration put in place versus the policies that the Trump administration put in place.


And let's face it, while the Republicans now are falling more in love with Trump, his problematic behavior in the eyes of the Democrats is never gonna change. Nor are these Republicans ever gonna warm up to her. She's not been some, you know, stallion in the wings that the Republicans were looking at as like, you know, I could, I could meander over. No. So what do you make of the influx of money and how much should we be gleaning from that given those dynamics? Well, I always think the money, especially from small donors is important would point out I'm waiting for Elon Musk to put up the matching grant on his side. I mean, you know, Carl always points out money is the mother's milk of politics.


There's a lot of money this time around. So I don't, I don't put too much in the donation numbers that are reported. 'cause they, they seem to go up no matter what happens on both sides. I think that the memo from the r from the Fabric Trump campaign, that Tony's memo that you mentioned, and as a matter of fact you can read that that's on the site this morning. It's on real clear politics. It's kind of revealing as to how they are going to approach it. What here, here, I'll just read your part of it. They said the Democrats deposing one nominee for another does not change voters' discontent over the economy. Inflation crime, the open border housing costs, not to mention concern over two foreign wars before long Harris' honeymoon will end and voters will refocus on her role as Biden's partner and copilot.


I think that's how they're gonna run the race. That's how I would run it if I were them, you know, just tie her to the Biden record and you know, 'cause we know a lot of those policies according to our polling, the polling we see are so unpopular. Immigration inflation, even Lawfare, I think all a problem for her. And I don't see how she runs away from her role in the Biden administration, especially even the well she's doing for shortened campaign. You guys have seen she's doing it with the media's help what borders are. Tom, you've seen this what Yes, borders are. Yes. She wasn't the border. She was, she didn't have anything to do with the border.


It's actually pretty remarkable when you look at like Axios this morning saying critics Trump supporters are trying to say she was the border czar. She was never any such thing. And then of course Axios own former reporting calling her the border Czar. Not to mention Joe Biden's statements on the record assigning her responsibility for the southern border have come back to bite Axios and other, you know, Politico and other mainstream. The AP reported she was the border czar only. Now Tom, as she magically no longer the border c since she's become the democratic presumptive nominee, Yes, everything, every position that she took in her 2020 race, which were, was pretty far to the left on issues like defunding the police, defunding ice, giving healthcare to illegal immigrants, et cetera, et cetera.


All that stuff is now, you know, in the memory hole. And you know, she's portraying herself and I'm sure there's going to be, when, when they get to convention in a few weeks, it's gonna be all about, you know, Kamala Harris the tough on crime prosecutor from the Bay Area and you know, she's a real a a fighter and she can, you know, prosecute the case against Trump. I mean, this is what the race is on right now over the next couple of weeks to, to define her and frame her. And, and obviously Republicans are putting together ads. We saw when Phil Wegman, our, our White House reporter tweeted one out that he got from a political operative, this Dave McCormick ad that's running in Pennsylvania. It's Amazing. It is amazing.


And so those ads are gonna be running all over the place. Meanwhile, you know, Kamala Harris is going to be running her own ads. But to your point, Megan, she's getting, she's getting a pretty good assist from the media who are playing along with this idea that yeah, you know, she was never a porter are, that was never her, you know, part of her, her brief, you know, it's gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see if any of the, any of the critical coverage of her actually breaks through. It's crazy. And we are living in this mind meld moment where three days ago, Axios and Politico and all these other mainstream publications were doing their jobs as objective reporters or at least pretending to, they were doing honest reporting on Joe Biden's mental acuity and his physical failings.


And they were more interested in that than ever in being tough on both sides. And now she wasn't. The borders are, she's cool, they turned her from, you know, whatever. It's, I mean, we all know what the media does, so it's just kind of amusing and somewhat irritating. Meantime, Carl, what we're seeing, Megan, yeah, go ahead. Sorry. Well, this No, you go this thing, it's the crime, it's the prosecutor, the tough prosecutor that is really an example of collective amnesia. You know, she was in California, I'm from, I'm kept from California when she was Attorney General, that that passed, you know, there's a proposition passed Proposition 1447 that basically said shoplifting under $950 is no longer a felony, it's a misdemeanor.


And, but you could do it at different stores, you could do six stores in a day. It's nine, nine $50 that, that didn't count. And coupled with they stop requiring bail for misdemeanors, then the police stop responding to calls. Stop, people stop pro prosecutors stop prosecuting. Eventually the store stopped even calling the police And. it led to stores all over the state closing in Oakland and San Francisco and these liberal places. Well the, the one of the reasons that law passed is because it was named the Safe Neighborhood and Schools Act, which is Thomas Buckley, a columnist wrote that it might as well have been called the Every Everyone Gets a Puppy Act for all it had to do with crime. Well guess, guess who wrote the name, guess who wrote that name and endorse it?


Kamala Harris, attorney General. So this tough on crime thing doesn't really, it doesn't to me comport with the record all that. Well, Well she's gonna have to figure out where she's landing on that because, you know, when she was Attorney General, she did go after marijuana users. She did favor a three Strikes in Your Outlaw. So there were periods In her past. But this was, this was the antidote to that though. This was prop for this was to clean a record of that and to get rid of that proposition 47 to California veered it had the three strikes Law And, it veered under Gavin Newsom's administration and Kamala Harris and the last last term of Jerry Brown away from that and became more liberal on crime.


Again, Kam Harris Was part of that movement and she veered with it. She veered too, because now, you know, in modern day we've seen her, you know, bailing out BLM rioters and calling Jacob Blake and saying how proud she is of him and calling for defunding the police. I mean, she's like, I, so I do wonder, to your point, Tom, what message will we get at the Democrat convention? Is she gonna lean into, you know, the early days of Kamala Harris' Ag real prosecutor version of herself? Or is she gonna lean into what we've seen more recently, which is more aligned with the Democrat party? Although we'll see. 'cause even some moderate Democrats now are seeing the folly of their ways as crime rises and, you know, criminals return to the streets. I do wanna get to this, Andrew.


The one of the mind melds we're having at the moment is you've got a nominee presumptive, I guess I think it's fair to call her at this point of the Democrat party who not a single soul has voted for to be the presidential nominee. Not one person in the Democrat party has voted for Kamala Harris to be their, their Republican, or sorry, their their presidential nominee. And now you're starting to see a little blow back from groups like BLM, which spoke out about it. And some others quietly, reportedly behind the scenes are saying, why did we do this? The whole thing was obviously very coordinated, was it not? Because they're trying to say, and I'll get to this in a second, they're actually trying to say this was grassroots, this was bottom up Chuck Schumers on camera saying this.


But very obviously it was all coordinated by Party Elites in the 24, 48 or longer hours prior to her being endorsed by Biden. Yeah. And race is a lot of interesting questions about the role of political parties now because a lot of people have said, gee, you know, political parties have become so weakened over the last couple cycles. You've got, you know, all this outside money, what did the parties do? What are they good for? Tom doesn't even want them to hold conventions anymore. He thinks that's a waste of time. So Me, Megan, you don't know this, but Tom also dislikes the state of the Union. He's a pretty curmudgeonly guy. He's right. Let's go back to the written statements.


Thank you Megan. Thank you. Wants a letter sort of, you know, delivered by Carrier Pigeon. Yes, that's right. But, but so, you know, but you raise a really interesting, interesting question, which is that, was this all baked and did the party step up in a way, And, when you ask that question, then you have to ask what what is the party? It certainly seems to me that all this work in advance of, of Biden resigning from the campaign that all of this was worked out and that Kamala Harris was, at the end of the day, the, the bet that they're making, because you know, you have to see it two ways. One is if they don't put her in the chair immediately, do you end up with chaos or do you end up with, which I think the BLM folks are talking about, you know, it sort of process that, you know, strengthens her because she's, it's a trial by fire, it's it's small d democracy, right?


So I think what we, what we're gonna have, I think the problem she's gonna have is, as you say, no one actually voted for her. Although the Democrats will say that, look, you know, all these people voted for Biden Harris, she was on the ticket, so they were really voting for her. I think that's a tough argument to make, but I think that yeah, there's a difference between top Roll and the second, you know, the lady and waiting, keep going. Yeah, Yeah. But without, without going through the sort of cauldron of a, of a, a primary, she's really sort of stepping into, you know, it's going from zero to a a hundred miles an hour. Very few people I think have the political skills to pull this off. And I just think given her performance the last time around, you'd really have to wonder whether she's the one who's gonna be able to sort of step into a general election and appeal to, you know, independent voters and you know, disgruntled Republicans.


All the people she has to win in order to win those swing states where the whole thing will be decided. You know, Tom Andrew ac accurately says that they were thinking in the elite circles of the Democratic Party, you know, it, it could be chaos if we open this up. You, another word for that is just democracy, just allowing people to vote. And you know, yes, we understand Biden had to go, I was a big supporter of it. I think you guys were too listening to the, to your show that was obvious. But then there should be the chance to vote then, then it's up to the Democrats to replace him and decide who they want to be. Their nominee. That just did not happen. And the Republicans are exploiting it.


Team Trump is out there every day calling this a coup. You know, what about democracy? Thought you guys cared about democracy. This isn't demo democracy. And then you get this from Chuck Schumer. Would you look at this? It is so remarkable on so many levels, just watch and enjoy President Biden's selfless decision has given the Democratic Party the opportunity to unite behind a new nominee. And boy oh boy, are we enthusiastic? When I spoke with her Sunday, she said she wanted the opportunity to win the nomination on her own and to do so from the grassroots up, not top down.


She would work to earn the support of our party. And boy has she done so in quick order. So now that the process has played out from the grassroots bottom up, we are here today to throw our support behind Vice President Kamala Harris. Harris, I'm clapping. You don't have to, it's a happy day. What can I say, Tom? Oh boy, is that, or Willian, Where do we begin this? His selfless decision. That's one boy.


Oh boy, are we enthusiastic with the fist pump and everything? Yeah. Then, then she wants to win it on her own from the grassroots up and then in quick order she's done it. Now the process is played. Ah, there's no, so this is such a bunch of nonsense as a grassroots bottom up. The process played out when you were asleep on Sunday night, the process played out Tom Right behind closed doors with Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama sort of calling the shots. But let's remember Megan, how the Democrats got here. They rigged the primary calendar, they circled the wagons around Joe Biden early, early on.


They did everything they could to marginalize RFK Junior and dissuade anybody from, from running against Joe Biden. If Joe Biden had actually managed to have a, a legitimate challenge, he might not have won this primary on his own. And and I, I would dare to guess that if Kamala Harris had been running in that primary as well, she wouldn't have won either. I mean, the democrats, the, the data was clear. Plenty of folks, including plenty of Democrats had concerns about Joe Biden's age and his mental acuity all throughout this process, even before it started. But the Democrats would have nothing of that, would hear nothing of that and really set up the process. So he was their only choice.


I mean, Dean Phillips wasn't really an, a viable option. And, and so that's how the Democrats ended up with this mess that they're trying to clean up now. And they're doing it by, I mean some people are calling it a coup, but you can certainly call it, you know, it, it happened in a, maybe not a smoke field room 'cause, but certainly behind closed doors as they made this decision and, and basically told Biden that he's, you know, he's gotta be out Given the age of our leaders on, on both sides. But in particular, the group you just mentioned, it was probably an oxygen filled room with Right. Complete with tanks. Yeah, I'd Like now wait, I, I would be remiss if I did not take a walk over to the Republican side and see how they're doing.


We talked about the polling, but we should spend a minute on JD Vance who had a bit of a stumble on his first week out of the gate when he was speaking in front of a, a rally crowd in Ohio. I gotta be honest, I still don't understand the joke. I heard it yesterday, I think I might have heard it the day before. I don't get the joke. He was making some sort of a joke about Diet Mountain Dew. I know from his book that Mountain Dew mouth is a thing that is prevalent in the area that he grew up because they, they give it to kids in their baby bottles, they give it to toddlers, it's very high in sugar, it's very, very bad for you.


And this is one of the things he raised, he had Pepsi in his own soda bottle in his own baby bottle. He's talked about that as well as just like sort of an, an example of how there's sort of a class of people that's been forgotten and overlooked and some of their lifestyle habits are really not that healthy for children, but no one gives a damn about them. Okay? So I don't know whether that is being tied to here. I'll let you hear him trying to make the joke. It did not go over well and getting panned for it by the left. So 12. It is the weirdest thing to me. Democrats say that it is racist to believe, well they say it's racist to do anything.


I had a diet Mountain Dew yesterday and one today. I'm sure they're gonna call that racist too, but it's good. I love you guys. It was fine. It was like a smattering of applause. It wasn't like a huge applause line. But what's happening there, because I have seen this covered on every show over on CNN and M-S-N-B-C, Megan, you're overthinking it. He's, it's not nothing to do with Diet Mountain Dew or whatever. He's just saying anything he does, they'll call racist. And on morning Joe, today he criticized Kamala Harris and the commentaries would say he is not only racist but misogynist and all.


And so what basically what they're saying is you can't criticize her at all without being called these names. I think he was trying to nip that in. The buddy didn't, it didn't work. I, but I have to tell you, I'm still trying to understand Donald Trump's Hannibal elector joke from the convention. So I I'm one step behind. I mean he, I got the joke he wants to have you for dinner. I got that movie. Well that's movie. What was doing in the speech movie, Exactly. Yeah, we took A weird turn. Alright, so they're gonna try to paint JD Vance as you know, Trump Jr. And just as racist and sexist and terrible as Trump and the Republicans are sticking with the version of Kamala Harris that, you know, she's made of herself and that we saw represented even in the New York Times as prone to Gaffes and mean, you know, a bully when it comes to her staff.


Virtually everybody who's ever worked for her has quit. So does any of this matter, right, or is it going to wind up being immigration inflation versus Trump and his colorful personality that viewers or that voters came to get a little sick of by the end of his first term? What do you, what do you guys make of that? Well, I mean, people don't remember this, but I always think about triangulation, which was what Dick Morris was talking about with, with the Clinton administration or Clinton campaign. I think it's gonna come down to who can appeal to those voters in the middle who are still on the fence.


There are only a few of them, but they're very important in the swing states. And I don't see right now any evidence on either side that either team is sort of thinking in those terms and willing to go after that. I think that the, the choice of JD Vance for vice president shows that Trump is gonna stay in his lane. I think that Kamala Harris is gonna have very, a lot of trouble trying to sort of move to the center, given not only who she is and her experience, but who she owes right now within the Democratic Party. So to answer your question, it probably will come down to those issues, but it really comes down to who will appeal to those voters in the center, those few voters that are left in those critical swing states.


Those few, now wait before you guys go, I, I would be remiss if I didn't ask you about Susan Crabtree who's been just owning the reporting around the Secret Service failures and with respect to the Trump assassination attempt. And she was in a very public battle with the Secret Service spokesperson who was out there arguing with her on behalf of his now soon, you know, resigned boss Kim Cheadle saying you're wrong. She was reporting that her sources in the Secret Service were saying Trump had asked for more security, it was denied. They said you're wrong on the record, absolutely false. Mayorca said it. Crabtree was receiving this from him, from Cheadle and the spokesperson, now we know she was right.


Now they've been forced to admit it. And I heard her on your show yesterday saying something even more remarkable, which I didn't hear anywhere else. I have been saying on this show that the biggest thing I wanna know, I'm, I'm open to the DEI criticisms of the Secret Service. I get how the five foot six woman didn't, did not look like the best choice to guard the six foot three man. Even though she was brave and she put herself in front of him. There's a height differential. It's probably not the best choice. But what I've been saying on this show all along is what's most important is figure out who put that build building outside the Secret Service perimeter. Who made the decision that that building the shooter was on did not deserve, you know, frontline coverage by the Secret Service.


Was that a man? Was that a woman? Was that an experience? Who was that? And Susan knows she has the answer. Here's a clip from her on your podcast and SiriusXM show yesterday. SAT 16 And the perimeter is a huge glaring mistake and from what I'm told is a very young female secret service agent new to the Pittsburgh office with not that much experience is the person who is the site manager who is determining the perimeter of that event. That was a glaring mistake as well as not putting somebody on that building Hispanic in any way. That's amazing. So it was a young, not just a female, that female's fine, we can do planning just as well as a man can, but young and inexperienced who made the call and yet Kim Cheadle wouldn't reveal her name.


You guys, that's that's a big report. Well, you know, I woke up Sunday morning, the Washington Post had this lead story in their paper. Trump asked Trump team asked for more security is first reported here at the Washington Post. And I thought, God, that's odd. Susan had that five days ago. I know this 'cause I edited the story so they're So annoying. Yeah, but I guess this is their way of saying and and and yeah, and you pointed out Megan, they denied it on the record her reporting. So this wasn't a big secret, but I'm glad you gave credit to her 'cause she's, she's worked hard this week and broken all these stories and the se this cascading series of security lapses at the Secret Service, it cost Kim Cheadle her job. My guess is that she won't be the last person to ask to have to leave that agency.


So is Susan, I guess she's got just deep sources within the, within the Secret Service. But do you think at some point we're gonna be hearing actual names? I realize there will be a public pile on, I have some sympathy for that, but not much because, you know, a man is dead and a presidential candidate was almost shot dead in front of our very eyes. So I do think we need names and there needs to be accountability And, it sounds like we're gonna need to rely on Susan and maybe Dan Bongino to get us there. Well, when you say the buck stops with me as this, you know, Cheadle director Cheadle said, what does that mean, If, you don't willing to take it means you have to resign What it means. There should be more resignations, there will be some firings And it, you know, Megan, it har it heartened me a little bit at that hearing on Monday.


Jamie Raskin was just as tough on the Secret Service as Chairman Comer. I mean the, the, the Democrats actually realize this is a problem for the whole country. Not just one one, not just one party. Okay, I'm gonna let you go, but I'm gonna ask you just quickly before you go. They do this over on our pals the Editors podcast. What would you put it at right now? Just quick round the clock, the odds of President Trump beating Kamala Harris. How do you like it at a, you know, one through 10? What are the odds, Tom? 60 40. Megan, I'm stuck 'cause I, I, I'm stuck 'cause I said in a meeting with me and Andy and Tom that Kamala Harris is the next president of the United States. So that's my story and I I guess I'm sticking with it. Wow.


Wow. I, I go by, I go by the RCP betting odds, which we average on the site every day. And I think as of now, I think it's about a 33% chance for Kamala Harris and a 57, 50 8% chance for Trump. And I don't know who makes up those other couple points, but that, I think that sounds about right to me. All right, a hundred days to go and then some great to see you all come back again. Thank you. Thanks Megan. Thanks All of best. And when we return, Tulsi Gabbard is back with me. She was the one who effectively took Kamala Harris out of the presidential race back in 2019.


You know, she was on the show recently talking about that she hasn't weighed in since Kawell became the democratic nominee. She will Next.


Some Americans enjoy using their credit cards because it can be a hassle-free and secure way to pay. But our sponsor, the American Payments Coalition, says that some DC politicians wanna change that with the Durban Marshall credit card bill. They say the bill lets corporate mega stores pick how your credit card is processed, allowing them to use untested payment networks that jeopardize your data security and rewards. They say corporate mega stores will make more money and you will end up paying the price. Find out more info@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're there as well.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


President Biden's selfless decision has given the Democratic Party the opportunity to unite behind a new nominee. And boy oh boy, are we enthusiastic? When I spoke with her Sunday, she said she wanted the opportunity to win the nomination on her own and to do so from the grassroots up, not top down, she would work to earn the support of our party. And boy has she done so in quick order. So now that the process has played out from the grassroots bottom up, we are here today to throw our support behind Vice President Kamala Harris.


I'm clapping. You don't have to, it's a happy day. What can I say? And they didn't clap. And for the listening audience, while he's doing this bit, he's pumping his fist like, yay, we can do it. Both fists together, swing swaying, bottom up grassroots. Just in case you didn't hear, welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. Who better to talk about all of this with than my next guest, Tulsi Gabbard. She was a 2020 presidential candidate on the Dem side and she's author of the book, For Love of Country Leave the Democrat Party behind. So you know how things went over there. Tulsi great to have you back especially so soon, but why shouldn't thanks Megan be given the monumental developments since you were last done.


This was a grassroots bottom up quote process that was really given to the voters just in case you weren't aware. Definitely not top down. True. Yeah, sure. If If you buy what Chuck Schumer is selling, which I don't for a second. I was laughing as you played that clip, Megan, because gosh, it it's just so telling in so many ways, ending with the, him being the only guy clapping in front of Like loyal Democrats and campaign operatives nonetheless. Exactly, exactly. It it, it really said it all about who's actually made the decision here And, it And, it's not the rank and file Democrats.


And, and we gotta go all the way back to when the democratic presidential primaries were supposed to occur. Stark contrast to when I ran in 2020 in that presidential primary where you actually had primaries and there were a lot of different choices from voters to select from how that that pre curation and preselection process occurred between the Democratic party and the mainstream propaganda media back then is, is another topic for another conversation. But at least there were many names on the ballot. And voters had the opportunity to go and, and cast their vote for the candidate of their choosing in this election. Now in 2024, many states didn't even have primaries.


We actually had a few people who stepped up to run against Joe Biden in the primary election. And their, their names were not allowed to be on some ballots in, in these states. So to say that first of all, there was even a, a democratic process to select Joe Biden to be the nominee is a pure lie. And that lie is continuing on now as they try to create this, this new narrative and this facade of how the Democratic party is going to the grassroots from the bottom on up to select Kamala Harris as the nominee. None of that has happened. What are we at? It's Wednesday now. This announcement was just made that President Biden was not going to run on Sunday. Where was the bottom up grassroots voices being heard and votes being cast Now for Kamala Harris to be the new democratic nominee, it it's a lie.


It hasn't happened. They have decided that she will be the nominee, but they're trying to pretend as though that this is a decision being made by the American people are certainly democratic primary voters to, to try to bolster her position rather than seeing it for what it actually is, which is a coronation by the Democrat elite who've been calling the shots for Joe Biden, who's been a figurehead for the Democrat elite for the last three and a half years. And now they see in Kamala Harris someone who will continue to be a figurehead and who will, who will do whatever they tell her to do. That's exactly right. She's gonna owe them, she's gonna owe them big. It's right on brand though tulsi for the Democrat party. And what we've seen recently where we've just been through years of them telling us not to believe our lion eyes, when it came to Joe Biden's decline, and then when it was no longer, you know, they were no longer capable of hiding it.


And Kamala subs in don't believe your lion eyes, that this looked like a top-down effort. You know, she was made the nominee by fiat. It, you guys really actually voted for it. This came from you, the grassroots. And I have to say, of all the ones who object, finally you see BLM coming out and saying, yeah, this is not okay. She's been placed in there. We object to this. We do not support her. And shouldn't there be at least the semblance of democracy here? I mean, I, this might be the first time I've agreed with the messaging coming outta that group. It's, it is, it is very telling again, and it's a continuation of, of two things. Number one is across the, the entire Biden Harris administration, they have consistently shown that, that they believe if they say something that it is somehow true.


And number two, that we, the American people are stupid enough to buy what they're saying and not pay attention to what they're doing. We've seen this dramatically with their open border policies over and over again for the last three years. President Biden, Kamala Harris, secretary Mayorca over and over again telling the American people the border is secure, the border is secure, there is no crisis set the border, don't worry about this. There's nothing to see here folks. And then all of a sudden, because they see voters are looking at what's actually happening, they're not buying their lie. President Biden does this last minute political election year executive order to try to crack down on the, on the border and, and actually acknowledge, well actually no, it wasn't secure, but it's the Republican's fault and it's Trump's fault.


It, it doesn't make sense in any way, shape or form. They did the same thing with our economy. Biden omics is working great, it's one of our greatest success stories. The economy's gonna be great. The recession is not gonna last very long. It's just a temporary thing. Don't worry about it. Nothing to see here. Meanwhile, everyday Americans are noticing that they can afford less and last every time you go to the grocery store, recognizing that our economy is not doing very well, everything costs more now. And when are these prices gonna fall? When is, when is inflation gonna go down in enough of a way that makes it so that people can not have to be so concerned about how to cover the basic expenses of everyday life? We're seeing this same thing happen here.


I think this statement from Black Lives Matter is very telling because they're speaking the truth first of all. But second of all also that it shows that they expect black voters to fall in behind Kamala Harris lockstep once again playing the identity politics game rather than actually looking at what are the issues, what are the issues that are of concern to African American voters to different demographics and constituencies across our country. They're, they're not actually focused on solutions to the real challenges we face, once again focused on what they say and hoping we fall for the lie and the optics of what they're presenting that are not reflective of the truth of the world and country that we live in today.


So on the subject of the economy, I believe that this is one of the reasons Democrats are struggling so mightily and I think it's, so far we've seen Harris as well. It's only been days. So take it with a grain of salt with young people because they, they're being directly affected. They can't get into the economy, they can't get anything close to a running start. They're dragging, they can't find jobs. I also happen to believe the over the top DEI messaging that these young people have grown up with and been immersed in in high school and college has turned a lot of them on these Democrats. They don't want their skin color and their gender and their whatever shoved down their throats. But look at this report from CNN, I've got two sound bites here from this guy Harry Entin, who watches the polls carefully for them.


They're very interesting. Tulsi, we'll play the first one and then we'll go to the second watch. Joe Biden won voters under the age of 35 by 21 points. What do we see with Kamala Harris? Well, she's still ahead, but the margin here is significantly less than what we saw with Joe Biden back in 2020. She's up by just nine points. You may make the argument that was better than Biden was doing before he got out. But compared to that Democratic baseline where Democrats have historically in presidential elections, at least this century been carrying that young vote by 20 or more percentage ones, she is way down from that. Democrats say they're more motivated to turn out after Biden left the race. Well we do see a significant portion of Democrats who say yes, 39%.


The thing I was interested in was that disproportionately younger voters who said that they were more likely to turn out or more motivated to turn out. And what we see here is it's 42% not a big difference between 42 and 39%. So this idea again that the vice president has unique potential to dig in and get young voters to turn out John. It's just not there in the numbers. Despite all the internet memes that are going around, We've only gotten a three point bump with young voters on enthusiasm since they announced her. And lemme play the second one because this speaks more to party identification. And you and I both know you used to be a Democrat. I did too. Yeah, when you're young, that's when the Democrat party is kind of usually most appealing, not necessarily right now look at this.


I wanna look at party identification again. Voters under the age of 35, go back to 2020. This is the Pew research study. This is one of the best studies that we have. And look at that. 56% of young voters said that in fact they were Democrats, they identified as Democrat or lean Democratic. You look down at 2024, it's 49%. Look at the Republican jump from 39 to 49%. So when we say that Harris is doing worse than Biden, it's not that she's uniquely bad, it's rather she's fighting uphill. She's trying to fight against a wave that is going against the Democrats among young voters. And Harris may be unique in some ways. Maybe she does slightly better than the generic Democrat, but not all that much. So for the listening audience, it shows that the, the Republicans used to be at a significant disadvantage in getting young people to vote and register Republican.


And it's been completely erased. And Democrats have gone from having 49% of the young voters register as Democrat to just 30. They've lost 10 percentage points on off their share. So you explain that one to me Tsi 'cause that's, that's a problem for them. You know what, what's, what I think is, is encouraging of what we're seeing here is that you have young people who are, are questioning, they're not just accepting whatever they're being fed. Again, we, we can't cast a broad brush and say all young people this or that. But, but it's encouraging to see that there are more young people who are not just accepting at face value what the democrat leader is saying when they say, Hey, a boy can become a girl simply by declaring that is so and that boys should be allowed to compete in girls sports.


I think people are actually, I I this is young people, but I think across the board are recognizing the literal and pure insanity of these woke radical ideologies of the democratic elite are not only advocating for but pushing and mandating in our schools. The fact that in some schools now, for example, a a track team in my home state of Hawaii, a girls track team now has half of the team, half of the entire team are biological males competing on a girl's team, taking away those opportunities from our young women and girls. Every, I think every rational open-minded person would look at this kind of example and just say, this is insanity.


It's crazy. And so this, you mentioned some examples with regard to the economy. You look at examples related to our open borders and how it's not just the border states now that are feeling the effects and impacts of the almost four years of open border policies under the Biden Harris administration. It's it's small towns, it's rural communities. I was in Montana recently and was talking to some folks there. This is Montana. You couldn't get farther away from the border on any coast or, or or the southwest than Montana. And even there they are being impacted by the illegal immigration crisis and an increasing presence of criminal activity by the cartels who have taken a stronghold there.


It, it is harder for everyday Americans, young people who are usually not affiliated attached to an affiliation of one party or another from a generational standpoint. So it's encouraging to see how people are using their common sense being critical thinkers, being independent-minded thinkers about, okay, well, well which party and which candidate is more accurately representing common sense and what is actually in the best interest of themselves, their families, their communities in our country. I was just talking to a couple young people, young and in college and they were each one of them, three guys all telling me they had had furries in their high school and seeing them in college that the kids regularly showing up, wearing cat ears and tails and outfits and pretending that they were an animal during school hours.


And all three of these young men happen to be white. They have zero question that this is a disadvantage for them in seeking job opportunities that in interview after interview or going in another direction, going in another direction. And invariably they hire somebody who's got some sort of identity that the, the box that can be checked. I really think this is having electoral consequences for the Democrats and it's showing up in some of these polls. And I think even they are going to realize this. I don't know whether they'll actually do anything about it though, 'cause they're so mind meld, mind melded into this ideology. I'm gonna take a break and I'm gonna come back 'cause there's a lot more to get to. I wanna get to Kamala Harris and who she is on the, on the crime issue because as I was pointing out, she, she supposedly has this tough history from California, but when she was elevated to vice president, her messaging changed dramatically.


And now even her party is starting to change on the issue of crime 'cause it's gotten so bad. And even Democrats are realizing defund police is not a good message. So what the hell is she going to do? What's she going to say? Which, which one's going to emerge? I'll leave that as a tease. Quick break back to Tulsa Gabbard when we come back. Don't go away.


Do you think America's heading in the right direction? If you do. You're in the minority. Unfortunately, the next generation does not understand the values that have made America the greatest nation on earth. But Prager U is trying to counter that. Prager U is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos. They're awesome, they're short, they're really informational and they reach millions of young people every single day. Right now, Prager U has an amazing opportunity, If, you donate any amount and of course they would like as large as you'd like to give. But even If, you just donate $1. They are gonna send you Prager U American flag socks made in the USA. That's fun. As a thank you, make sure you go to prager u.com/socks to make your donation. Again, a dollar would be great, more would be even better. You can support a great organization and express your love of American values in style while you do it. Your donation will help PR you reach more people with their videos, which is needed now more than ever. Make a 100% tax deductible donation at prager you.com/socks and get your socks today.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Now Senator Harris says she's proud of her record as a prosecutor and that she'll be a prosecutor president. But I'm deeply concerned about this record. There are too many examples to cite. But she put over 1500 people in jail for marijuana violations and then laughed about it when she was asked if she ever smoked marijuana, she blocked evidence. She blocked evidence that would have freed an innocent man from death row until the courts forced her to do so. She kept people in prison beyond their sentences to use them as cheap labor for the state of California. And she fought to keep cash, thank you bail system in place that impacts poor people in the worst kind of way. As the Elected attorney General California, I did the work of significantly reforming the criminal justice system of a state of 40 million people, which became a national model for the work that Needs to be done.


And I am proud of that work. The bottom line is Senator Harris, when you were in a position to Make a difference and an impact in these people's lives, you did not. And worse yet, in the case of those who were on death row, innocent people, you actually blocked evidence from being revealed that would have freed them until you were forced to do so. There is no excuse for that. And the people who suffered under your re as prosecutor owe you owe them an apology. So that was the July, 2019 debate in one of the most memorable exchanges in recent history between now presumptive Democrat nominee Kamala Harris. And our guest today, Tulsi Gabbard, former US representative as a Democrat and author of For Love of Country and Tulsi had a just very negative experience with these Democrats who are now pulling the strings around Kamala Harris too.


But you know, we went back, even though we're friends and we fact checked everything you said, 100% accurate. There isn't one word of that that was off And. it was pretty telling that she didn't deny it. She just tried to pivot to I'm proud of my record. And so now she really is at a crossroads here because she's gotta figure out whether she wants to be the no cash bail is a good thing. Kamala Harris or the, no, we don't like cash bail because it hurts minorities, Kamala Harris. And whether she's gonna be the, we wanna prosecute marijuana users, Kamala Harris, or the one who admitted to smoking marijuana for recreation purposes on a show, right?


Like she's tried to reinvent herself so many times and now the cultural winds have shifted such that I think she's gonna be a little twisted on which way to land. What do you think, You know, first, first, I think it's important to look at how, how was it possible? You said that was July, 2019. Kamala Harris, I think, announced her candidacy in January of 2019. How was it possible that I was the first person, the first candidate running for president at that time? And, and, and really the first person, even when you count the mainstream media, to actually call her out and question her, very simply, as you pointed out, question her on her record that she said she was proud of as Attorney General.


This is important to point out because it, it's a sign of what we should expect here for the next three and a half months in this election, that the media is going to continue to push out fluff stories about her. They are not going to seriously and honestly examine her record. They're going to treat her with kid gloves, and even worse, yet, create this new false narrative about who Kamala Harris is and to try to reshape her record. So we should be very clear-eyed about that, because as you said, what I found there as your, as you and your researchers probably found, it wasn't very hard to look at her record and what she is claiming to be proud of.


Second of all, there, there's far more to look at than I had the, in the 60 seconds on that debate stage to bring up just a few defunding the police, I have no doubt she will say with a straight face, she did not support defunding the police. But the fact is that she did. She may have called it re-imagining law enforcement, but in reality, what she was advocating for, even as vice president, was to take funding away from our law enforcement and divert it elsewhere. And this has come, you know, we've seen in cities that have actually implemented this policy and what a failure it has been and how it has made our communities in this country far less safe and increased crimes, violent crimes, and so forth, literally because they have defunded the police.


You look back during her time as Attorney General, she promoted charging parents with a misdemeanor for if their kids missed 10 per more than 10% of days in school. Well, this had a, and she passed this into law and And it negatively impacted so many families who, for one reason or another, maybe they had pulled their kids out and were homeschooling them, or maybe a family member got sick and they weren't able to take their kids to school for a whole number of reasons. She turned parents into criminals, charging them with misdemeanors that could result in up to a year in jail, hauling single moms out of their homes in handcuffs. This is the kind of top cop prosecutor that Kamala Harris is proud of being.


We look at her time as a, a member of the Judiciary Committee in the US Senate, where she was dismissing Article six of the Constitution that says There shall be no religious test. When she questioned Boucher, who was, who was nominated by President Trump to become a judge, accusing him of being unqualified to be a judge, simply because of his Catholic faith. And he was a member of the Knights of Columbus accusing him of being part of some nefarious group, and in fact implementing a religious test in defiance of the Constitution. There are a lot of other examples that we can give, but again, this is why it's so important that we point out her actual record And.


when you have someone who doesn't believe in the rule of law, as we've seen with the Biden Harris Administration's law Fair that's been taking place, politicizing our public institutions, the Department of Justice and judiciary and, and law enforcement, to go after their political opponents, foremost of which is Donald Trump, but also including peaceful pro-life protestors and others who dare to challenge their agenda and, and their position. She wants to be the top cop and the prosecutor president, as she has claimed, we should be very concerned about that because she doesn't respect the Constitution. She's not willing to uphold the oath that she took to support and defend the Constitution.


And so the law fair that we've seen under the Biden Harris administration, we can only assume, would only get worse as she, she seeks to exercise her muscle. In that respect, there has to be a reckoning with her record as Attorney General, as US Senator and as vice President. And I believe that most Americans, when, when presented with the truth as you, as you pointed out in that moment in the debate, will realize how dangerous she would be if she or gi if she's is to be given these leavers of power to abuse. Hmm. I mean, this is in addition to wanting Medicare for all and to eliminate our private insurance plans, wanting to eliminate the filibuster so that she can pass the Green New Deal and take away airplanes and cars and cows.


This is actually stuff she's on the record with. Not to mention her abortion policies, but here she is back in June of 2020, wanting to appease a riled up democratic base in the wake of the George Floyd situation, being pretty clear about how she felt about cops on the street. Look at this, It is outdated and is actually wrong and, and, and, and backward to think that more police officers will create more safety. A big part of this conversation really is about re-imagining how we do public safety in America, which I support, which is this.


We have confused the, the idea that to achieve safety, you put more cops on the street. You know, for far too long, the status quo thinking has been to believe that by putting more police on the street, you're gonna have more safety. And that's just wrong. It's just, that's not how it works. So that's, that's the new Kamala Harris, right? Not, not the old one who is the DA and a prosecutor. The new one is, we don't need more cops. Fewer cops is the way. And now here we are four years later, we've seen what a disaster that's been, in particular for communities of color, tulsi. Those are the ones who got hurt the worst by that insane policy that she helped push.


You know, those clips, that stream of clips you just played really, once again exposes her lack of knowledge and understanding and intelligence to, to, to be so simplistic as to say, well, more cops doesn't lead to safer streets. Well, it, it's, it's a much bigger challenge than this. My sister served in law enforcement have a lot of friends who are serving in local, state, county, federal law enforcement. It's about investing in, in our fellow Americans who make this very selfless choice to go and put their lives and wellbeing and safety on the line every single day to make our communities safe. It's not a matter of just near mere numbers.


It's about investing in them, their training and their capabilities to be able to face the kinds of extreme challenges that they do on a, on a daily basis. It's about making sure that we have systems in place to be able to support them as, as they deal with these very traumatic situations and make it so that they are in a position to be most successful. Building those relationships with our communities, investing in local police officers who are serving their local communities and making it so that they and their families have that safety and security of knowing that they're cared for. It's taking this holistic approach to this challenge that we've been dealing with, with law enforcement and increasingly more dangerous streets, equipping them with what they need in order to accomplish the reason why so many people become law enforcement in the first place, which is to serve and to protect.


That is what we should be Focusing on. She, she's got a record time and time again of demonizing the cops no matter the situation. She's against the police. When Ju Smollett came up with his nonsense story and said he was attacked and that anybody saying he wasn't was a liar, she sided with him. She came out and said this about him. One of the kindest, most gentle human beings I know, I'm praying for his quick recovery. This was an attempted modern day lynching. No one should have to fear for their life because of their sexuality or color of their skin. We must confront this hate again, not directly involving the police, but that was a race thing. And that's underlying these attacks on cops. Then came Jacob Blake, who attacked cops.


He went after cops with a knife. And rather than waiting for the facts, and by the way, you could see the cops were under threat in the videos that first came out. If, you were just open-minded. She piled on the cops there. And here's what she said. In August of 2020, saw 29, We also see pain, hurt and destruction in the aftermath of yet another black man shot by police. Jacob Blake shot seven times in the back, in broad daylight in front of his three young sons. It's sickening to watch.


It's all too familiar And. it must end. But he is fighting for his life and he shouldn't have to be. My heart goes out to the Blake family as they endure an ordeal that is tragically common in our country. Tragically common with those terrible cops. And just to put a point on it, this is the same woman who was bailing out BLM protesters raising money Exactly. To bail them out. Rioters. Rioters. Exactly. Here was Jacob Blake, the person she was, she said specifically not in that clip. She was proud of him. She's out there condemning the cops. It's all too common, you know, for these racist cops to shoot a black man who's unarmed and not a threat.


Here was Jacob Blake. After the fact giving an interview on Good Morning America, I realized I had dropped my knife, had a little pocket knife, so I picked it up after I got off of him because they tased me and I fell on top of him With an open knife in hand that Blake says, fell out of his pocket. He walks around the front of the vehicle towards the driver's side door. What are you thinking at that point? I'm not really worried. I'm walking away from him, so it's not like they're gonna shoot me. I shouldn't have picked it up. Right? She never apologized to the cops involved in the Jacob Blake situation. She never owned up to her lies about Jussie Smollett.


She's anti-cop now because that's what serves her best politically. We shouldn't be surprised to hear how that story changes here in the next few months as she recognizes how much of our country truly values all that our law enforcement do every day. I think this is gonna be one issue of many where like, like what happened on the 2020 campaign, she will come up with whatever she feel she, she feels she needs to say in order to try to win this election in, in November. I think even back in 2020, it got to a point where her changing message and narrative really occurred like from Monday to Tuesday.


You're not talking about a years long shift in her belief and position on a specific issue. Her positions on, on many of the issues that we've talked about today, flip flops so many times within the course of a week, even the New York Times and the Washington Post were forced to call her out for this saying that, well, we, we don't actually even know what Kamala Harris is advocating for. This is very likely gonna continue to happen here and we need to call her out for it every time because her record speaks for itself. Meanwhile, you know, the underlying left wing, obviously, you know, far left Progressive California native is going to take a beating on actual policies I made reference to outside of law enforcement, some of the far left things she's pushed, this is coming up already and this ad, our first panel mentioned it.


We have it, it's out of Pennsylvania where the Senate candidate McCormick is running this against Bob Casey, who is the Democrat. Democrat is the, is Casey. Dave McCormick is the Republican. Casey's a three term incumbent and it's a Senate race there, Casey's ahead by six points out there. You know, it's easier when you're the incumbent, but he just endorsed Kamala Harris. And Pennsylvania, of course, is ground zero in this presidential contest as well. So we're watching the Senate, we're watching the presidential contest and take a look at this ad, which is already generating a lot of attention online. Kamala Harris is inspiring and very capable. The more people get to know her, they're gonna be particularly impressed by her ability.


That Nonpartisan Gov track has rated you as the most liberal senator. I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a new deal. There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Would you Ban offshore drilling? Yes. What Is the solution for voters in the fossil fuel industry Giving the workers an ability to transition? We're not gonna treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminals. That's correct. Raise your hand, If. you think it should be a civil offense rather than a crime across the border without documentation abolish Ice? Yeah. Is that A Position you agree with? And we need to probably think about starting from scratch. Outdated. It is wrong headed thinking to think that the only way you are gonna get communities to be safe is to put more police officers on the street.


Would you support changing the dietary guidelines? Yes. You know, the food pyramid for people? Yes. Yes. To reduce red meat specifically. Yes. People Who are convicted in prison like the Boston Marathon bombers on death row, people who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able To vote. I think we should have that conversation. We have to have a buyback program and I support a mandatory buyback program. So for people out there who like their insurance, what they don't get To keep it. Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. I'm opposed to any policy that would deny any human being public health, period. The more people get to know her, they're gonna be particularly impressed by her ability. I mean, that is just devastating.


Those are her actual position. That's a very compelling Yeah, those are her actual words that, that's a very compelling montage of, of of, of Kamala Harris, the real Kamala Harris that people should be paying attention to. You know, these same policies that she's talking about in that montage of ads are exactly what we've seen quite frankly reflected in the Biden Harris administration of the last three and a half years. As hard as she tries to perhaps run away from some of these positions that, that she has very clearly taken for years in the past and that have been shown through and reflected in the Biden Harris administration, the most important thing is for voters to not fall for it.


I think that's a very powerful ad that represents who Kamala Harris is and frankly represents the positions of the Democrat elite, the power elite who have been pulling the strings and calling the shots throughout this administration and what their goals and objectives are. Those who she will follow their orders and, and be beholden to as she becomes the Democratic nominee. And if she is allowed to become president of the United States, it's really crazy to hear her say she wants to ban fossil fuels. She wants to ban fracking. We know she also wants to ban nuclear power. She wants to do it all with windmills and solar power.


Meanwhile, there was just a disaster with the windmills in Nantucket where one of these windmills came down and all of its toxicity is Pumping into the ocean to the point where on the near by beaches, they're having to wear hazmat suits now to clean up some of the shards of this thing. And that's their answer to everything. There's absolutely no care for the environmental consequences of, you know, these new toxic fangled things like the windmills, like the solar panels and how much digging they have to do. And not to mention the electric car batteries, right? It's all just something that makes them feel better about green energy and the consequences to the actual earth be damned.


That's just one of the many things that I hope to hear more on in the coming days, and we will actually feel, be reporting more on that windmill disaster. O on this, Megan, I, I was on a, I was on a long flight yesterday and was talking with one of the flight attendants and she brought up politics and what's going on and the breaking news and, and really for her, one of the main takeaways I have from the conversation was she said, look, I care about having clean air to breathe and clean water to drink. I just don't wanna drive an electric vehicle. I wanna be able to drive the car or truck that I choose to. And I thought it was such an important statement that she made because it really cuts to the heart of, of the, the dichotomy and the huge contrast between what we're seeing coming from today's Democrat party and the Democrat elite versus what we're seeing coming from President Trump and largely the, the Republican Party of today, the Democrat elite, wanting to take away our right to individual liberty, our freedom to make these choices for ourselves.


If, you wanna drive an electric vehicle, you should be able to do so If, you don't wanna drive an electric vehicle, you wanna drive a a forward F-150, you should be able to do so. And that, that really is the thing here that I think most Americans will recognize is we don't want the government to force us to, to eat what they tell us to eat or to drive whatever they tell us to drive. When it comes down to the choices that we make for ourselves and our families, we should have the freedom to make those choices. And that, to me, it comes down to freedom. It comes down to liberty and one of very limited government going back to what our founders envisioned for us at a federal level, decentralization, valuing our individual liberty and freedom of choice versus the Democrats who believe in Big Brother, big government.


They know what is better for us than we do for ourselves. And so they will take away our right to make those individual choices. And that is what is most dangerous about what today's Democrat party and Kamala Harris represent and what their goals and objectives are. That poor flight attendant is not only gonna lose her car of choice, she's gonna lose her job if Kamala Harris has her way because that Green New Deal will be the end of the airline industry. Tulsi, thank you so much. It's always great to see you. Thank you Megan. Likewise. Up next, Michael Knowles is back with me, me and there is a lot to get to with him. We're gonna take a deep dive into some massive cultural developments.


Did you hear what Elon Musk said in an interview with Jordan Peterson? Plus why they're attacking JD Vance for an interview he gave to Tucker? Standby.


One Texan doctor with zero big pharma size is sharing a breakthrough medical discovery, and it's about taking charge of your health. No flashy big promises. He's focused on results. He says A unique protein can strengthen your bones, ease joint, joint comfort and discomfort, minimize wrinkles, and improve digestion, all by working in harmony with nature and your body's God-given resilience, no chemicals, no weird additives or scary side effects, and some users are reporting significant improvements in just two weeks. This Texas doctor is giving you up to 45% off this protein at Native Path sale slash mk right now with thousands already experiencing the benefits and over 4 million jars sold. This is not a trend, it's a commitment to Genucel wellbeing. And here's the best part. Every order is backed by a 365 day money backed guarantee. I've never heard of such a thing because your satisfaction matters. Wanna embrace a healthier, more vibrant you with stronger bones and more mobility well into your golden years? Consider checking out Native Path. Do sale slash mk now to claim your exclusive discount of up to 45% off.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things Atlantic Union Bank can keep up no matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Who is more desperate to coordinate Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democrat Elite or the sick of Fantic Media? So many examples to choose from. And I'm so happy to be joined by my friend Michael Knowles, host of the Daily Wires Michael Knowles show. I don't even know where to begin. I I, I'm so annoyed by this whole discussion. My team keeps saying, mk, you've got it. You've gotta go there. It's, it's everywhere. So I am going to appease my team because I love them. They're trying to rebrand all of our awkwardness. We touched on it yesterday as something called brat. No one really understands what that is. Here is the most awkward discussion on CNN where Jamie Gal tries to explain it.


Part of the fun is just watching her do that. Watch Kamala Harris appears to be leaning into this, this, the singer Charlie XCX tweeted last night, Kamala is brats. And this is in reference to her album. It's called Brat. Kamala has branded her Kamala HQ Twitter page with the same aesthetics. And for those who don't, are not in the know the way I am. That is a cool thing. It has a color. Chartres is the color. And Kamala Harris has adopted that for whatever social media page that is. But I have brought some notes because I knew you would want a definition.


Okay, here we go. Charlie, XCX, who I do know, quote Brett, you are just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things some times, end quote. So its the idea that we're all kind of brat and, and vice president. Harris is brat. I don't, well, I dunno if you're brat, you aspire to be brat of us, right? Saying you don't just become brat. Oh, okay. You have to try. You Work at it. I will, I will aspire to be brat. Michael Knowles. My head hurts. I don't, I don't get it. I don't like it. I don't believe in it.


Megan, I can clear it up for you. Kamala is not brat, though. I understand why some people think that she is. I had not heard the term used in this way until about five minutes ago. I also had never heard of Charlie XCX until about five minutes ago. No one has, no one, no one had, except for the man that I knew I had to call to resolve this mystery. And that is my homosexual former video editor. I said, if anyone's going to know about this, he will. So I called him as I was waiting to come on your show. And I said, you need to tell me everything about Charlie X, CX and brat. And he gave me a, a, a beautiful explanation. He's quite a fan of this singer, but he said emphatically that Kamala is not brat.


And and here's why. Brat, it seems as though she is vapid and vacuous and just a kind of fun frilly party girl. But deep inside has a roiling inner life. She is plagued by self-doubt, anxiety, and deep introspection. The reason some people think that Kamala is brat is that she appears to be vacuous. The reason that she is not brat is that she is in fact vacuous. So I don't think anyone would accuse Kamala Harris of having a roiling in her life, or, you know, constantly thinking about her, her place in the world and what that means in, in any kind of cosmic order.


So she has all of the rapidity of brat, but, but none of the redeeming qualities. Hmm. I I guess this is what they have to do because her moments of awkwardness are just, you know, they're everywhere. We've had years of exposure to them. It's like the new gaslighting, as they did with Joe Biden's. Infirmity. Don't believe your lying eyes. All of those awkward moments are actually cool. Her inability to say anything stirring or moving is actually just part of her fun personality. Even though she's trying over and over with the same exact phrases to bring us to our feet and cheers or tears, whatever it is.


This leads me to my favorite thing that's been in the news over the past few days. I confess, I didn't know this woman prior to discovering this the other day. And now I can't get enough of a stay pati forgiveness, please. Esay. 'cause I don't know if that's how I pronounce your name. Is it Pti? P-A-L-T-I. She's amazing. She goes by at mommy RN 88 on X. And her imitation of Kamala is spot on. But she's fabulous. She had it with the repetitive choice of words. Watch Are many more who are able to see what can be unburdened by what has been Kamala.


I need some new material. Okay, you've said, you've said that quote many times. Okay, let's move on a little. Let's galvanize new words, new phrases. Let's look into Aristotle. Socrates, I mean, if you're gonna plagiarize, you know, make it good. This is, you know, this is borderline ridiculous. Wow. It's spot on. She's so good. That's an accurate portrayal of the actual Kamala Harris, not brat.


This is the, the problem is, it's fun when serious people get a little goofy every so often, but when goofy people just continue to act goofy all the time. It's, it's not fun. It's just sort of sad. And it's especially sad and alarming when there's goofy people. Yeah, it's alarming when they're running for president of the United States E Even to the, the comedian's point that she needs some new material here. Kamala's rapidity is, is actually one note. So she just has that phrase that we have to imagine what can be unburdened by what has been. And then she'll just look at things. She'll say, look, a school bus, I like school buses. School buses, huh? Spaceship. Go. You know, and, and there's nothing really underneath that.


So it, it's, it, I think it helps to explain why the Kamala Harris campaign is trying desperately to make her seem hip and cool and Mimi, and they're glomming onto this new album that just came out brat. But, but If, you wanna see the real enthusiasm. Look at the Chuck Schumer press conference. When Schumer came out and endorsed Kamala Harris. He said, we, we are so excited. We're so excited. And he clapped then he, then he, this was the second Jeb Bush moment in two days of her campaign. Is that, okay, well, you don't have to clap. You don't have to be excited, but I'll, I'll clap. Please clap. You know, and, and then Hakeem Jeffries, the minority leader in the house, he came out and with a straight face managed to say that Kamala has earned this nomination. This is not a coronation from the elites.


This was a grassroots movement, which is, or two, I don't even, why? What would the, what would the propaganda justification for that be? I, I, I don't know. So in many ways, I think that some of the Democrat elites have settled on Kamala because they just think that the election is over and they wanna save the, the more powerful candidates until 2028 when maybe they have a better shot. It's such a lie. And what the, the the, what we're gonna get for the next three months is everything is racist and everything is sexist. If, you criticize Kamala Harris, they're already starting to do it. The temperature on those issues is going to reach favorite pitch levels because that's their favorite tool in their toolbox on the left already they're saying it's sexist to talk about the fact that she slept her way into San Francisco politics with Willie Brown.


That's not sexist. We'd be saying that if a man did it as well, it just, I guess That's a little brat. She's a woman in fairness. Yeah. Maybe that's brat. No, I mean, so that's a sexist attack on her. No, it isn't that If. you wouldn't do it for a man. Let's go back and look at the, all of the attacks on Trump's sexual past and behaviors. They were all there too. Not just the alleged sexual harassment and assault that he got accused of, but his sexual background was discussed a lot when he was first running. In any event, there's that. Then there's the race. And what I've noticed in my time as a political journalist is when this gets into the ecosphere, it raises the attacks on everyone. It's not just gonna be somebody who takes direct aim at Kamala Harris.


It's gonna be anybody in right wing media or just fair media. Any American out there who has an opinion of Kamala Harris, that's not favorable. It's gonna get attributed to her race. And there was a small example of this just this morning on Fox and France, where Brian Kilmeade was doing a totally appropriate segment on the fact that she's skipping Benjamin Netanyahu's address to Congress today where she's expected to be to go meet with, meet her college sorority. Okay? This is not a serious person, but it's actually part of her, the soft boycott that's going on of Netanyahu in Congress in any event.


So he was talking about that. And here we have the soundbite, here's what he said, top 48, She will not show up for the Prime Minister's joint session of Congress today. She'd rather address in the summer, a sorority, a college sorority. Like she can't get outta that. So that's her decision and that's her decision to back. Now his detractors and her supporters are accusing him of calling her colored a colored sorority. What he said was a college sorority. That's clearly what he said. Brian Kme, he's been on the air for 20 plus years. If, if he were going to refer to black politicians as colored, it would've happened prior to.


Now we had a black president for eight years. He didn't store it up for this moment in 2024 when he could unleash it on Kamala Harris, absolutely no benefit of the doubt for him. And even more nasty are people like Claire McCaskill, who decided to look at Lawrence Jones, who's on the set. He's a black man with Brian and shame him. This man said nothing after she was called colored. And to his credit, Lawrence got out there saying to her and others like, who are making the same point? I'm the black man. You're so damn dishonest. He said, college, but that's all you have.


You know, the bullshit that you advocate for only brings death, poverty, and destruction to our black communities. You're welcome on the show anytime to debate it. Me and you. That was in response to Claire. That was in response to another person. But you know what? Here's the thing. Like Claire McCaskill, a white woman shaming a black man for not getting offended at her mishearing, intentional, I would submit of what Brian Kilmeade actually said. It's so gross and dishonest. And here's Jamele Hill too, just for kicks. Nobody on the panel flinched when he said it. Fox News doesn't reach new lows because remaining in the gutter is their standard. And then there was Eugene Daniels who reports for is political who also piled on what?


Political Yeah. But to his credit, sort of followed up with, I spoke to Fox and plan on speaking to Brian when he is off air. They've made clear to me. He said, college not colored. The audio's garbled. But I'm going to take Brian and his team at their word. Eugene. That's what you should have done at first. What histories has Brian Kme had of saying something like that? Right? That's disgusting. And they all do it for political purposes and ideological too. This is what they think of white men, Fox News and right leaners in America in general. Of course And, it seems intentional to me because the words college, college and colored don't even have the same vowel sound it, it's call and call.


Those are different sounds. And you can clearly hear, even though the audio's a little garbled from, from Brian on Fox, he clearly says, call as in college, not call as in colored. But I'll go further. Why would it be such a huge deal if Brian said that? Brian would not say that. Brian has not said anything like that. But if, if I just listen to the way that the left talks about race, I am told that we must refer to people of color. We have to refer to Kamala Harris as a woman of color. In fact, we were told by Joe Biden that she was selected for her job because she is a woman of color. So we are told by the left, we have to use this phrase of color. But if we say the phrase colored, which is semantically identical it, you are basically the grand cyclops of the Ku Klux Klan.


The whole thing beginning to end is so deeply disingenuous that I think we just laugh at them and, and ignore them. And I think that's what most Americans are doing. It's ridiculous. He didn't say it. He hasn't said it. And they need to really get a grip. It's just offensive. Okay? The media, while I'm on it, the pile on and JD Vance is also underway as they coordinate Kamala the pile on and JD is underway. They're very, very upset about an interview he had with Tucker Carlson years ago when Tucker was on Fox. Very upset about this reference he made. And I'll play it. I'm going to play a CNN sod anchored by this moron, Casey Hunt, who's repeat violator of being a moron.


She's just on, she's the one who was like, you'll not criticize Jake Tapper on my air, my colleagues, you cannot say anything bad about them before the debate. She's just, she's lost, she's in hysteric. So here she is in act two, and she'll toss to the jd. So, so it's embedded in what I'm about to play. You listen, This recently resurfaced video of Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance. It has registered an uproar and is raising questions about how sexism will play into the campaign now that Kamala Harris is leading the democratic ticket. This was Vance speaking to Fox News in 2021.


We're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too And. It's just a basic fact. You look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Childless cat ladies Remind everyone who else is a, is a very powerful childless cat lady, quote unquote, because the internet really likes Taylor Swift in this particular moment. Oh my God. And then one of the panelists called JD Vile. Let me, here's a pro tip If, you are a news anchor.


Do not deliver all of your takedowns in a sing songy fashion with weird faces that look uncomfortable on you because it is off putting to the very audience, you mean to persuade. So Michael Knowles, what do you make of childless cat lady? And the larger point that JD was making, that childless politicians may not have the same investment in America's future, that people who have kids do. Well, you'll notice as those liberal journalists clutch their pearls, they never say he's wrong. You know, they never really make an argument against him or anything like that. So did JD use provocative language on a news show? Sure. Isn't that, that's just kind of what one does on a news show.


But his broader point is one that that has been made, you know, in, in the academy in politics and in the media for some years now, and not even just pertaining to America. It is a little weird that the nations of the West, you see this especially pronounced in Europe, are run by people who don't have kids. Obviously, not everyone gets to have kids. A lot of people suffer from infertility. It, you know, children are a blessing, and this is a fallen world. So, you know, people have to suffer with a lot of things. But it is kind of odd when the, the leaders of our nations don't want to have kids. They're not even interested in the future. You know, the, the family is the basic building block of politics.


So if the family falls into disrepair, if the next generation is neglected or, or put off, that tells you something political. And so the point he made is absolutely right, is why the liberal journalists don't, don't actually refute it. You know, it's, i I guarantee you that if JD Vance actually encounters a childless cat lady out on the campaign trail, he will have as much empathy for her and understanding of her life as he would for anybody. Yes, it is obviously a, it's like a, I don't know, I say it's a joke, but it's loose language to describe a category of person who is constantly harping on us all about our SUVs and our gas stoves and all the other decisions we make in our life while she tries to tell us, you know, all of those are terrible choices because her choices to save the world are the right ones.


And we need to have the full fulfilling life she has as opposed to ours that we've chosen through children and so on. Like this, this is a caricature of some leftist that's based, you know, on fact, we've seen some of these people. That's what he's trying to say. Yeah, of course, of course. Everything's gonna be filtered through the, he's a sexist, but kill me's a racist, J d's a sexist, all the right is bad. And it's go, I guarantee you it's gonna get turned up to a 10 now because she's a black woman running for president. I just don't know if it works. I mean, to your point, Megan, yes, of course JD is talking about a type here, just as you might talk about the type of the crazy conservative uncle at Thanksgiving, which actually happens to be me. I am both the figure of that person and the, that literal person.


And there are all sorts of types, you know, that's, that's what a stereotype is. And there, there's always some truth to a stereotype, though. It doesn't necessarily apply to every individual. So that, that's how they became stereotypes in the first place. So he's speaking in this way and obviously it resonates, that's why they're talking about it. But as, as you point out, yes, they're going to use race and sex and they're gonna harp on race and sex because Kamala Harris doesn't personally have very many accomplishments behind her. In fact, the one thing that she seemed to do somewhat well is prosecute people. And she actually prosecuted a lot of people she shouldn't have, including my friend David Deen, whom she prosecuted for, revealing the truth about Planned Parenthood and exposing that the abortion industry sells baby parts for, for money.


So she, but she was a prosecutor. She did, she did actually bring up people up on charges. She did put people in jail. And other than that, though, that obviously isn't gonna play very well among the democrats. Democrats want to abolish prisons in many quarters, so she doesn't really have anything. The, the administration that she's been a part of has been a complete disaster. So she can't run on the economy, she can't run on migration, she can't run on foreign policy. She can't run on the border as she's supposedly the borders are. So the, the only card that she has to play is race and sex And it perhaps that'll work with some of the Democrat base. I don't think that really persuades the swing voters and the swing states that she needs to win needs a turn off Trump. A yeah, I agree. It's a turnoff to them.


And it's like the left for years now has been demonizing white women as Karens and laughing at white tears and so on. No problem. That's fine. That's a leftist thing. They, they're, they've never met a conservative woman who they would tolerate like or defend. And yet they're supposed to be our champions. They're the ones who are gonna have the moral high ground when it comes to how we speak about women. F you, you seated that moral high ground long ago, and we all know it. Some of us have lived it. Okay, I've gotta get to Elon Musk. Extraordinary interview with your colleague over the Daily Wire, Jordan Peterson and revealing, we knew that Elon had a child who said that they were trans and that the relationship there had broken down because the child had spoken out about it, saying Elon was no longer this, this kid's father that had made the news.


I've never heard Elon talk about it. And boy did he, with Jordan, here's a clip. It happened to one of my, my older boys where I was, I was essentially tricked into signing documents for one of my older boys, Xavier, this was before I had really any understanding of what was going on. And we had co covid going on. And so there was a lot of confusion and you know, I was told, oh, he, you know, Xavier might commit suicide if, if he, That was a, that was a lie right from the Outset, incredibly evil.


And I agree with you that people that have been promoting this should go to prison. You know, it wasn't explained to me that puberty blockers are actually just sterilization drugs. So anyway, and so I lost my son, essentially. So, you know, they, they call it dead naming for a reason. Yeah. I, alright, so the reason it's called dead naming is because your son is dead. So my son Xavier is dead. He killed by the woke mind virus. I'm sorry to hear that. So I vowed to destroy the mind, the woke mind virus after that.


Hmm. It's dark Michael, but it's exactly right. And I hate to be flip about it, but one wonders like, is there a reason that happened to the richest man in the world, or one of them so that he could help save other children In, in providence? You know, if you're a religious person, you believe that all of history is turned ultimately toward God's ends, even as we try to screw them up as best we can. So, you know, that, that's a bit of a consolation, but you know, it's a, a small consolation to, to Elon, your heart just breaks For him listening to this story, and he's hit on something which I think is really important to the transgender ideology. I've mentioned it for some years now, but it's, it's alluded a lot of people, which is that the, the transgender transition is, is a religious ritual, an irreligious ritual, I guess.


And it's a, a kind of ritual suicide. This is why you refer to your old self as a, as dead, as a, a dead name. It's a, a kind of a, a ceremony of rebirth into some new gnostic identity. And it's terribly harmful because it's, it's not in accord with reality. You know, And it And it brings with it all sorts of false theories about the relation of the body in the soul and who the person is. And our role in creation, And it, you know, it smuggles all of that in, but the way that the radical leftist smuggled it in is under the guise of following the science or, you know, following the best advice of medical professionals. Well, you hear Elon say there, they lied to me. They, they lied. They gave my kid these drugs that are essentially sterilization drugs, And it to use the kid's own words.


They, they killed my son. And so then he uses another phrase there, the woke mind virus. And it's a popular phrase, I think it was coined by my friend Gad Sad. And it's, it's love it got a bit of, yeah, love the guy. It's got a great bit of currency, this phrase, but sometimes it's a little hard to define. Well, to me it's simple enough to define, which is the woke mind virus is just the logical conclusion of liberalism. If, you make your politics all about the individual will, the self maximizing individual autonomy. I can be whatever I wanna be, even if biology says otherwise, even if everyone says otherwise, well then the, the final conclusion of that is, I am man can really be, become a woman.


I can, I can kill myself. I can kill my true identity and become some, some new thing that, that's the logical conclusion of political liberalism. And so a lot of people who might've called themselves liberals, I think Elon would've called himself a liberal. A lot of people would, would say, I'm a classical liberal, or a libertarian or a center liberal or something like that. They, they're now seeing the, the logical conclusion of these premises, of this ideology. And so some people wanna walk it back three years or five years. You know, let's just go back to 2014 before we were sterilizing kids and, and sending them down this awful path which is involved with anxiety and depression and, and often suicidality. Well, you can't really just unwind it back that far. The something has led us to this point where otherwise intelligent, sensible people are saying it's okay to sterilize a kid and, and pretend that a little boy is a little girl.


We've gotta address the root cause of what that is. It's that, that ideology goes a lot, a lot deeper. We've gotta reconsider so much that has led us to this mo moment of heartbreak. Not just for Elon, but for many, many families around the country. I really think, you know, I I recently read Maureen Callahan's book, ask Not, which I love, very good, very good Summer read about the Kennedys and their long sorted history with women in particular. And it talks about how they had one of their children lobotomized, she was slow and they didn't like it and they had her lobotomized. And I think that era of medicine is akin to what we're seeing right now with children where we're, we are chopping up healthy body parts like they did when they lobotomized people.


Otherwise healthy people in the name of what now today, politics, political correctness, and Kamala Harris is in favor of it. Kamala Harris wants it to continue. Your kid, my kids, all of our kids, that if they decide, you know, and in the midst of a depression that they wanna chop off a body part, that should be their decision and we shouldn't interfere this. I don't, that's it. That's, that's still a last word on it, but that's among this woman's many problems. Michael Knowles, gotta go. Thank you. Great to be with you. Thank you Megan. We're back tomorrow with James Woods, the actor. Can't wait to talk to him.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.