
The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor Supply shows advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now


At Cap University. Learning online doesn't mean learning alone university. Visit capella edu.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Anti-ice agitators taking to the streets of Los Angeles for a fourth straight night. As Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth deploys 700 Marines to protect federal buildings. Last night, looters were seen ransacking an Apple store, a CVS, and the Adidas store. You see on your screen right now, they even targeted a local sushi restaurant. Oh, okay. Nothing says f the man, like targeting the local sushi restaurant.


Watch, Come here. Oh, come out. Go. Stop that shit. Go, stop that shit. Don't. Now, we don't do that. If you listen really carefully, you can hear them say, no, MSG, get me an AHI tuna. It's ridiculous. Some of the crowd yelled for the looters to stop. Of course they didn't. I mean, LA loves rioting. Like, what is it? What they, they love it. They love to riot. We don't exactly know who this is, but we certainly saw a lot of Mexican flags.


And now Guatemalan too. The post-millennials, Andy know he's been on this program before. Reports they broke in, they carried out the cash box, they removed the money, and then discarded the empty box in the street. Find upstanding citizens and look at this photo. That's the whole point. We don't know if they're citizens or not. We know many of them are not. Look at this photo. Look at this photo. You gotta a list. Okay, listening audience, here's what we're seeing. It's a woman walking down the street in Los Angeles last night. She's carrying a Mexican flag in her hand while also displaying an American flag that's been sewn together with the flag of Guatemala. It's a half and half, half Guatemalan, half American. That's like a sacrilege that, that's like, I don't, that's like when your Jewish pals get a Christmas tree, even though they, they don't celebrate Christmas.


The two don't necessarily jive together given, given the belief system, you don't take the American flag and sew it together with the Guatemalan flag. But that's what we're dealing with out there. We have no idea who these people are. Meantime, president Trump has also authorized another 2000 National Guard troops to the city. In addition to the 2000. He announced over the weekend, California Governor Gavin Newsom, still angry about all the help. He'd really prefer to let the city burn as we saw, obviously with the massive wildfires. He loves to see this city burn with his state. Filing a lawsuit yesterday claiming President Trump exceeded his authority and unlawfully infringed on his role as commander in chief of the California Guard.


Normally, it is the governors who deploy the guard, but it is within the president's purview. And by the way, good luck with your lawsuit because even NPR is admitting that President Trump has this authority, NPR people. So when NPR is on the side of Donald Trump, your lawsuit's going down Ga Gavin Newsom. Although given the state of, or You know, our judges, who the hell knows Newsom not the only one opposing the deployment, the help that's being provided to him. You'd be shocked. Shocked to learn that MSNBC's, Rachel Maddow and Lawrence O'Donnell downplaying the need for the National Guard in the first place describing the destruction and looting as isolated, affecting only a tiny area, but also it wouldn't matter how big they actually get, no guard would ever be needed.


Watch You know this, but just how isolated and tiny a spot of Los Angeles, we're talking about downtown Los Angeles, where in the areas where these office buildings are, very few people live anywhere near that. It's not a residential area. And so it is this, this really isolated little spot. I mean even with, I mean even if these protests were 100 times the size that they are, there still wouldn't be an operational reason to bring in active duty troops or federalized National Guard. I mean, it's just, it's not, it's not that sort of thing. He's doing this because he's panicking and thinks that he looks weak and therefore he has to do something that seems strong and it's all because he has no freaking idea how to deal with this politically.


And he's absolutely panicking about the, I think trenchant and joyful and sustainable opposition against him.


This administration is working very hard to try and fix this country, but while they're focused on fixing the country, they can't fix your personal finances. That's really up to you. And that's why thousands of Americans are turning to birch gold. In the past 12 months, the value of gold has risen by 30%. Think about that. How's your stock market investment doing as it gone up 30% have you made 30% on your money and demand is strong and it's growing. While reports are that the Brix nations are actively working to challenge the US dollar as the world's reserve currency, that's not great. In other uncertain times, gold has offered peace of mind. And in these uncertain times it does the same. Birch gold makes it incredibly easy to convert your existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA backed by physical gold. Or if you prefer you can buy gold to store in your own home safe, just text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers take control of protecting your savings today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8.


Joining me now, the one and only Miranda Devine. She's a columnist for the New York Post and starting tomorrow, she will be a podcast host too. She's launching her own show called Pod Force One, which is very cute. I like the name Miranda, welcome back. Thanks Megan. Great to be with you. Great to see you. All right, so why, I mean, in leftist world, why would the president be panicking about anything right now? Why would, why would he be in a panic over riots in the street as opposed to just being a law and order guy? Well, he's not panicking at all. He's moving forward with purpose and confidence and doing exactly what Californians would want apart from people like Rachel Maddow who is incredible.


You just listen to her so confidently espousing her view. It's her fantasy imagination of what she thinks this gargoyle Donald Trump, that she's conjured out of thin air would think or do. It's all just fantasy. And she spins it every night to her, You know, dwindling audience. Actually, not every night. I think she does it once a week. Yeah, That's right. Yeah, first a hundred days she was complaining because she had to do it every night. But he's not panicking at all. It should be Gavin Newsom who's panicking And he kind of is, You know, Gavin Newsom daring Donald Trump and Tom Holman to arrest him.


That's desperate. He just wants to get some attention because his eyes on the prize of 2028. He thinks that he has a chance to become president. There's only one side that's in my view, playing politics with this. Trump said he'd be in law and order of President. He said he would be pro law enforcement and protect American cities and that's what he is doing. But Gavin Newsom, for some reason, doesn't want to protect the, the people of his state. Neither does Karen Bass. Here's the latest. We played this on am update, but it's Harry Enton over at CNN, their data guru talking about how Trump is doing in the polls when it comes to illegal immigration. By the way, you should know that Trump overall has the highest approval rating he's ever had and and either term is president.


He has no reason to manufacture a crisis or to be panicking. He's sailing higher than ever at the moment. So he has zero reason to create drama. And here's further evidence of that, including on immigration. Here's Harry Anton, stop. 15. You know, if we just take a look at the baseline numbers here. This is Trump's net approval rating on immigration. It's gone up like a rocket compare now versus eight years ago during Trump's first term. Look at this. In his first term, Trump was way, way, way underwater, minus 21 points. But look at this. He's up over 20 points now in the aggregate. He is in positive territory at plus one point on his net approval rating. Some other polls even have it a little bit higher than that.


There is no issue on which Trump is doing so much better than he was in his first term, more than the issue of immigration. No wonder the Times has written up the way that he is. Trump is begging for a fight on this because he knows what he's doing so far is working with the American electorate. So are they playing right into his hands? Miranda? It just does seem like that, You know, there are polls showing that 75% of Americans want these illegal alien criminals to be deported. And I would say after the last couple of days watching the arson and the riots and the looting in la, that number will be up to a hundred percent.


So I look, it's sort of baffling why the Democrats keep doing the this to themselves. Because the last four years of Joe Biden just flinging open the border and allowing millions of people over, including a whole lot of unvetted unknown terrorists or criminals, allowing the cartels to take charge of the border was absolutely toxic politically for them at the 2024 election. Donald Trump himself says that that was the main reason that he won the election. And I think that's one reason why his poll numbers on immigration have gone up so much because he had the border under control, got no credit for it, and now he has a much tougher task because he has to, he's got the border under control.


He did that very quickly. But he's got all these millions of people that he needs to deport at the very least tens of thousands of these criminal gang bangers and the suspected terrorists that are a sort of ticking time bomb in the country. The local authorities there from Gavin Newsom to Karen Bass to California Assembly. Men and women are unified. It seems against President Trump on this. It's amazing. He, they're like, let our city burn, let the looters loot we're good. That's the way we like it out here. It's crazy to watch them. Yeah, here's the latest from Karen Bass, the mayor in SO seven, I just have to say that if you dial back time and go to Friday, if immigration raids had not happened here, we would not have the disorder that went on last night.


People in the city have a rapid response network. If they see ice, they go out and they protest. And so it's just a recipe for pandemonium that is completely unnecessary. Nothing was happening here. Los Angeles was peaceful before Friday. The, the problem is that the feds are trying to enforce immigration law. That's the problem, Miranda. It is. I mean, I think what sparked the raid on Friday we've just found out was that ICE was trying to enforce some warrants on some cartel members. So these are bad people. They're the worst of the worst.


And Karen Bass is just a liar. She's trying to gaslight the public and the problem is that she is a communist. And the Democrats constituency that they seem to care about more than anyone else is illegal migrants. I guess that's why they brought them in. I guess they're hoping that they'll be voting Yes. That's how it seems because she says outright like the, the problem here is that the feds came ice came to arrest people, and then you've got the LA PD police chief coming out. This, by the way, now we're looking at a, it looks like a Tesla cyber cyber truck with FUCK SP spelled on it and a Mexican flag off the back FUCK ice.


Yeah. Spinning around and around. Anyway, so Karen Bass says, the problem is they tried to enforce federal immigration law and listen to what the LAPD chief admitted really was kind of the reason why this thing was more challenging than it needed to be for ice SOT nine. I also wanna be unequivocally clear, the Los Angeles Police Department does not participate in or coordinate with immigration and customs enforcement on civil immigration enforcement. We've said this over and over again, and I can't stress it enough for the people in to, in our community who have high levels of anxiety about this issue that we want everybody to believe, be able to call the LAPD in time of need.


If they've been a victim of a crime or a witness to a crime, we need that. So the LAPD won't cooperate with ice when ICE comes. They're treated like invaders who are inappropriately there to do some lawless work, as opposed to the ones Miranda who are there to enforce the laws duly enacted by Congress and the policy duly written into executive orders and affirmed by President Trump. Yeah, I mean, that's very weak of that police chief. And he's like that, I guess because his boss is Karen Bass and she could fire him any minute.


So he just, You know, goes along and reads out her prescriptions. It's a Sanctuary And he has come around. That's the problem. That's why, that's how any LA or any police chief in any sanctuary city would sound, And it has to go against the grain if they're real cops. It really has to upset them because the LAPD is, is trying to deal with all the crime, the new crime, just as has happened in New York from these illegal alien gang bangers. You know, the pickpockets, the looting, the smash, and grabs a lot of assaults and robbery. They're coming from these gangs and a lot of them are juveniles. So the, the LAPD doesn't like it.


And you can see there they are being attacked and officers are being injured. And you know, it it, if you show weakness, you're going to get what we had in the summer of love in 2020 where it just spreads across the country. People die. People die. Cities and communities are burned. It was an awful period and the Democrats obviously thought it worked for them politically in 2020 because it helped get rid of Donald Trump. So I guess they don't have policies, they don't have leaders. So this is what they're stuck with. They're trying to make Donald Trump look bad. That's exactly right.


It's like the, well, how does Karen Bass know that all the citizens of Los Angeles want criminal, illegal aliens to be roaming their streets? That's what they want. And they object to Trump trying to keep law and order. I know for a fact that's not true. I know people who are out there who would like to see the restoration of law and order, but to hear these people tell it, you would think the policy is as many immigrations immigrants as possible. Please loot our stores. Please set cars, including police officers, cars on fire. We encourage you to throw cinder blocks over overpasses onto civilian cars down below. This is the way we would like our city to be run.


And that's all in the name of this weird leftist ideology that loves illegals and that hates Trump. So that's what we're seeing. And, and now of course you get, as we see the videotape of the chaos, the old, it's not happening. But if it is happening, it's good. And here's some of the, it's not happening. It's also peaceful. It's, this is California representative Nanette Barragan, she's a Democrat. You won't be surprised to hear sat 10. We don't, we agree that if you're being violent, you should be arrested, you should be prosecuted. There is no disagreement on that. I think that's a effort that we can all say. But, but this is not what's happening. We are having an administration that's targeting peaceful protests, people that are there to protest peaceful.


The President is saying, we're looking at burning fires guard Because he doesn't like the scenes, he doesn't like the scenes of people peacefully protesting. Tell it to the people who had their cars assaulted by cinder block rocks. I'll give you one more. This is California representative Judy Chu, a Democrat and take a listen to her take. You have outliers that throw things and Looking at fires And, and cause damage. I believe that the LAPD has this underhand, we do not have. It's to have the National Guard here. We certainly do not have to have the Marines here. This is a manufactured crisis, By the way.


Miranda, LAPD said that they were overwhelmed. So like, which is it? Well, look, I think maybe these Democrats are watching too much M-S-N-B-C or CNN, You know, it, it was extraordinary seeing those channels and how they described these violent protests as rallies. They were peaceful. There was nothing to see. And I think, again, as it happened in the summer of 2020, it's those citizen journalists or photojournalist who weighed into the crowd at great danger to themselves. I mean, we've seen some network journalists get hit with rubber bullets, which is painful, not lethal, but it hurts.


But these, these guys, mostly guys, I think they go out and they post their videos, which are right in the thick of things and they show you exactly what's going on. And, but, You know, and then, I mean, Fox is doing it with helicopters and and so on, but it is hard and dangerous to get into the thick of things. And M-S-N-B-C and CNN don't want to know, they're just quite happy to turn a blind eye just as they have for the last four years to the crisis at the border. And to Joe Biden's cognitive deficiencies, Here's what jumps out at me. Even if you've only got, I don't know, 10 law enforcement cars and those self-driving cars burning, let's say, 'cause we've seen LAPD police vehicles on fire.


Let's say we have 10 burning, and we've seen with our own eyes, LAPD and ICE officers getting assaulted with rocks and so on. It doesn't matter because LAPD already said that they can't handle it. And on top of that, president Trump has an obligation to the country to enforce law and order, because as you point out, these things have a tendency to spread. And yesterday we plead soundbites of Democrats seeming to want them to spread. Chris Murphy was like, I mean, I want 'em to be peaceful, but we should be seeing this in every city. And he knows damn well if they start in every city, they will not remain peaceful, just like, like they didn't in la.


And so my own take on it is, is this the worst LA riot we've ever seen? Oh, hell no. Hell no. But President Trump is a different kind of president who is trying to send a message to the people in Los Angeles and across the country, this shit will not be tolerated. We are done the days where you can get away with this because of a feckless mayor or governor are over. Absolutely. And, and also, I mean, maybe they're not the biggest riots in LA history yet, but You know, it's early days. It's only been three or four days. You have to nip these in the bud so that they don't spread throughout LA and throughout the country. And you're absolutely right.


I think the Democrats welcome this as some sort of a circuit breaker chaos to interrupt Donald Trump's kind of good luck streak that he's on. And to, I take the attention away from him. He has completely commandeered the airwaves. Everything is Trump, trump, trump. And he's always optimistic and upbeat about how things are going for him. And so I I, I just think they, it's just like when Kamala Harris during 2020, she said that these riots will not stop and they should not stop. Those were the George Floyd riots, which spread throughout the country.


I think two dozen people were killed, many injured, many officers, badly injured. You know, it was a disaster. And it was a disaster for the poorest people in the poorest communities who were the hardest hit. Yeah, so well said. You're exactly right. Why should he wait until it gets completely out of control and there's no chance of tamping it down without a massive federal presence? Why not nip it in the bud with a relatively modest number of federal officers? Michael Shellenberger, who is a great independent journalist who ran for governor of California and his has been in California, I think for most of his life, did a great post on, I think it was his, so it's his substack where I saw it in any event, it, it was called, the Reason the Left Loves Riots is because it hates civilization.


And he's of the left people may remember, he, he worked for Greenpeace when he was young, this like climate activist. And he was one of those people pushing the cylindra Green energy programs under President Obama. And he came organically over to the right or independent center. Right, but just by seeing how these policies were such failures. Okay, so he knows California And he did a great, great documentary on the homelessness, the open air drug markets. Like he's been all over California's many problems. And I'm gonna read you a little bit of what he wrote to fully appreciate their significance. It's important to understand that over the last several decades, the people who run California and its major cities came to a new consensus.


A large number of our laws were racist and oppressive. The idea took root. That order itself was a facade, a way for the rich and comfortable to criminalize the marginalized. So one by one, Democrats stopped enforcing and weakened laws against drug dealing, illegal camping, prostitution, public defecation and drug use on sidewalks. Cities stopped enforcing anti camping ordinances. I can speak to that myself, having stepped over some of these camps just to get from A to B. When I was out there last year, state leaders directed prosecutors not to charge certain drug crimes. Federal immigration laws were nullified by city policy. We just discussed that ourselves in the name of compassion, progressives dismantled the foundations of public order.


So well put, just as I believe the government must obey the Constitution, I also believe people must obey the law and our leaders must enforce it. And yet, California's leaders not only did not defend the law, they condemned those who tried. Newsom called the deployment of 2000 National Guard troops to restore order purposefully inflammatory in wealthy neighborhoods. The law is still enforced rights shellenberger in poor and working class neighborhoods. It is not if you torture a car in Beverly Hills, you are arrested. If you do it in East LA while shouting political slogans, you are engaging in protest. This two-tiered enforcement is not progressive. It's segregation by another name.


It creates one set of expectations for the politically connected and another for the disposable. And in that framework, working people, especially immigrants families and hourly wage earners are abandoned. They're the ones who walk their kids past open air drug markets. They're the ones who shops are looted and whose cars are stolen. They're the ones who call 9 1 1 and wait, and wait and wait. People sometimes ask me how California can feel so anarchic and so authoritarian at the same time. The answer's simple. It's not a contradiction. California does not swing between chaos and control. It imposes both on purpose and at scale. As we saw, when the leader of China comes to San Francisco, the city leaders end illegal camping overnight.


California is what happens when the state abandons its duty to protect ordinary people while tightening its grip on the law abiding. Here's one more. California Democrats demanded people show proof of vaccination to enter coffee shops, but allowed addicts to smoke fentanyl on the sidewalk outside they find restaurant owners for trying to survive and shut down gyms, trying to help people stay healthy. Meanwhile, they decriminalized theft, refused to prosecute open drug dealing. And look the other way. As cartel run, fentanyl networks took over entire neighborhoods. He's so right, Miranda, it's it's state sanctioned, yes, chaos and authoritarianism at the same Time's.


So well pushed. And really, I think people on the left to get red pilled and use common sense and are honest enough to come over to our side are the best because they've seen it, they've lived through it, and they understand the mentality. I mean, I, I just don't understand the mentality. Actually. I, I would've thought that being competent and showing that you are competent if you're a state or a city leader would be what you would want so that you could win election. But the problem is that Democrats are winning elections. They, they, in these blue cities and blue states, they have a stranglehold.


There's no opposition to speak of. In New York, we've got the mayoral elections coming up. You know, there's, I don't know, a dozen people on the Democrat side all vying for left and left and further left. And there's one Republican and You know, he didn't do very well last time. And there's just no money for, for the other side. Once you have a one party state, you entrench your power and therefore you don't have to be competent. You don't have to do the right thing. And you citizens are disempowered and disenfranchised. And this is what the Republican party has learned about power. They control the media, they control the narrative, and, and they have a sort of a, an iron control over, I guess social ostracism.


Maybe that's because they can cancel people at whim. And Donald Trump is an existential threat to that control because it's the last ditch effort of the public, the populace to say, no, we don't want that. And Donald Trump, for all his flaws, for all the mud that they threw at him, he won that election comprehensively the popular vote, everything defying all their expectations. And that's, I guess why they're so shocked. But what they should be doing is reexamining their own kind of world view as David Brooks put it and retool. But they're just doubling down on what hasn't worked for them in the past.


Sort of like, You know, the, the Einstein's theory of insanity, doing the same thing over and over and hoping for a different result. That's the Democrats. It does feel like the soft bigotry of low expectations out there where, You know, the people who live in the poor neighborhoods, minority dominant, You know what? They're gonna behave like this. You're just gonna have to allow it. Like they need to blow off steam every once in a while. And the ones who happen to be law, law abiding, sorry, that you live amongst these other people, but that's life as opposed to Beverly Hills and Bel Air. Where now we expect more in these neighborhoods. We expect people to behave a around our rules Royces. And we will hold any, anybody, You know, inclined to break the law to a much higher standard out there.


Shellenberger as usual, nails it. Okay, let's move on. Abrego Garcia is back in the United States, Kmar Abrego Garcia, Senator Chris Van Hollen of Marilyn's favorite criminal. He's back. They went and had margaritas and now he can have margarita stateside with him because he's back. But he is in federal custody And he is being charged with trafficking. So the DOJ Trump says this wasn't his thing. He says it was Pam Bondi. And she announced on Friday, he's back in the us he's facing federal human trafficking charges in the middle district of Tennessee, which is Nashville charged with one count of conspiracy to transport aliens and one count of unlawful transportation of undocumented aliens.


He faces 10 years in prison. They say not only did he transport aliens, he transported children throughout the US in an unsafe manner. He allegedly abused undocumented alien females. He trafficked firearms and narcotics. His lawyer says, deny and this is an abuse of power. You're just trying to cover your mistake and deporting him to El Salvador, the one country he could not be deported to. And then on top of this, the government moved to keep him behind bars before trial. And in their motion for pretrial pretrial detention, the feds allege that he Abrego Garcia, Chris Van Holland's buddy murdered a gang rival's mother in El Salvador.


You may remember Miranda, that he only got this, this like with withholding of removal order. They, they were deporting him. He had been found deportable saying, get out. But they said, all right, we won't deport you to El Salvador 'cause you convinced the immigration judge that if you go back there, you could, you could get killed. And the way he convinced the immigration judge of that is he said, I'm gonna get killed by this, this gang, this like, I can't remember the name of it. It has had something, it was the name, oh, the 18th Street gang, they're gonna kill me. And the judge bought it. So that's why that was the reason why we could deport him anywhere, but not to El Salvador. And then when we deported him, he went to El Salvador, which by the way was fine.


'cause this eighth Street, 18th street gang has apparently been dissipated. And when the condition of the danger is removed, you can be removed. In any event, we've been fighting over this guy who's alleged to be a wifebeater and a trafficker now, and what the feds are alleging not as a claim against him, not as a count against him, but as, as a reason to detain him pending trial is that he, he, they say according to a co-conspirator, the defendant stated on how he got into MS 13, he participated in the murder of a rival gang member's mother in El Salvador, specifically the mother of an 18th Street gang member.


Later, as part of his immigration proceedings, the defendant claimed he could not return to El Salvador because he was in fear of retribution from the 18th Street gang. And he tried to spin this as being about his mother making some sort of food that the gang didn't want her to make. 'cause they had like a rival business to it. No, what the feds are now saying is he killed one of their moms. That's why he was in fear of his life. This is insane. This is why you should really figure out these people's backgrounds before you go sip margaritas with them in El Salvador. Absolutely. And before judges go making these bleeding heart decisions, And you know, they also, Pam Bondi mentioned that he was, they haven't charged him with this, but they're investigating the allegations that this guy solicited child porn.


So not a nice person. And I think that this was a pure victory for the Democrats because yes, they did manage to force the Trump administration to under deport him from El Salvador, but he's now been slapped with all these charges and we can see who he is, who is the post poster boy for the Democrats that they're willing to die in a ditch for. And it's this guy, the worst of the worst, You know, alleged murderer, alleged wife beater, alleged solicitor of child porn, You know, gun trafficker, drug trafficker, human trafficker, abuser of women and children.


I mean, You know, does it get worse? So I I, I just again think the Democrats have tied themselves, themselves to this man. And the more we see of him, the less sympathetic he looks. It's, it's truly, it's insane. Here's Senator Chris Van Holland, the the buddy of Abrigo Garcia on where he thinks all of this leaves us. This is CNN on Friday. You know, I will never apologize for defending the Constitution. In fact, it's the Trump administration on all his cronies who should apologize to the country for putting us through this unnecessary situation. And to Abrego Garcia for putting him through this situation and his family.


All I have said from the beginning is that the Trump administration should respect the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States. So really it's President Trump who should apologize to the country for violating his oath to the Constitution. I'm glad in this moment they're finally, finally doing what the Supreme Court said, but they continue Anderson to violate the Constitution in many, many other cases. Trump should apologize to Abrego Garcia, who apparently, if, if one word of this is true, lied, came here illegally, then lied to try to stay here illegally about the danger he was in due to his mother's food business and, and was rightfully deported back to El Salvador.


Now is coming back to face criminal charges here. And Tom Holman said, as soon as that's done, if he serves time or not, either way, not guilty or guilty and serves time, he's right back to El Salvador. And this moron wants President Trump to apologize to him. I I know he really is a despicable person and is so weak and so pandering and so vain. He's, he's, he's there on television day after day posing as this kind of virtuous saintly person. I guess there are people who believe it And he comforts himself on that. But again, the Democrats are just on the wrong side of an issue that most Americans are against.


They, You know, most Americans don't want, in fact, a majority of Americans want deportation of illegal migrants and 75% want these gang bangers are deported. So I don't know, You know, their constituency is what I think what they're trying to do. And they're being aided and abetted in this by the media, by the New York Times, the Washington Post, et cetera, day after day sob stories about these migrants. They don't say illegal, they conflate illegal with legal migration and then make out as if Donald Trump is against migrants, which is ridiculous in a country of migrants.


So, You know, everyone's from somewhere and Donald Trump himself, I mean, he's married to an immigrant. His yeah mother was an immigrant, You know, he's not anti-immigrant. He's anti-illegal migration that happened under Joe Biden, which was an absolute catastrophe for this country. And he is going to take decades to put right. It's so true. It's, it's amazing. So now you've got, he wants him to say he's sorry. Van Halen wants Trump to say he's sorry to a guy who now appears to be an illegal, he is an illegal immigrant here who had a deportation order, who staved it off with what appears to be a lie about danger because of his mother's food business who is now accused of trafficking people into the United States.


Untold numbers of illegals, mistreating children in that process, allegedly into kitty porn. We know from the wife's allegations for protective orders that he's an accused wife beater on top of everything, may have committed a murder in El Salvador of somebody's mother. And now we're supposed to feel sorry for him. He's the victim and be mad at Trump for deporting him. Got it. Good luck with that message on your next campaign, Democrats. Okay, let's keep going. The FBI speaking out again, cash Patel went on. Joe Rogan and Rogan really kind of pressed Cash. Patel on Epstein. When are we getting the files?


Are there files? Are we gonna see videos? Like are there celebrities? What are, what's there? Like what's there and was referring to like the Epstein tapes, do we have 'em, are they a thing? What's happening? And it was a very interesting exchange inside 24 watch. But what about the video of from the island? Again, we're gonna give you everything we can and people have to remember, we're not gonna revictimize women. We're not gonna put that shit back out there. It's not happening. 'cause then he wins not doing it. You wanna hate me for it? Fine. Again, logical play out. If there was a video of some guy or gal committing felonies on an island and I'm in charge, don't you think you'd see it?


If you have access to it? If I have it, period. If I have it. If I have it. So Where else would it be, Right? If you have it right, but you can't say that you have it. No, we're giving you everything we have So far, Everything we have so far is the, Have you guys gone over all the video that's available? Yeah, That's what I'm telling you. That's what takes so much damn time. Right? And, And is there video from the island Not of what you want. The, the people out there have filled the void with can't wait to see X, Y, or Z right? Speculation. Now I understand that you would never revictimize these women and show this footage, but is there footage Outside of, the only thing I can say right now is if there was ever, if there was footage of anyone doing anything else, we would've opened a case.


What Do you make of it, Miranda? What's your takeaway watching that? Look, I, I was baffled actually by that interview. I thought that Cash Patel did not cover himself with glory in a lot of departments, but that in particular was a baffling exchange. He seemed to contradict himself and look, more importantly, he was contradicting Pam Bondy, the Attorney general who has told us, You know, told reporters in a public press conference that there were hundreds of victims and thousands of hours of video. Or Lemme just play that, let play that so they can hear from her directly.


It's sat 26, There are tens of thousands of videos of Epstein with children or child porn and there are hundreds of victims and no one victim will ever get released. It's just the volume and that's what they're going through right now. The FBI is diligently going through that. Keep going. So there you go. A complete contradiction. And You know, one of them is wrong and Pam Bondy seems pretty confident. And Cash Patel is hedging and uming and ing and, and, and sort of everything was framed in, You know, he's asked a direct question, are there videos?


And then he responds, You know, if there are, or he says, wouldn't I show it to you? Oh, we are gonna show everything. You're not asked whether you're gonna show it. We don't expect you to show, You know, child porn to the public. But what we do expect is you tell us and say, we found these videos, they exist and we are now opening cases on, You know, multiple abusers. I mean, Ghislaine Maxwell is in jail for trafficking. So who was she trafficking to? Who were Epstein's clients? Why aren't they in the dock? It's very peculiar.


And I don't think that Cash Patel has cleared anything up. All he is done with that Joe Rogan interview was fuel more conspiracy theories. You can see it online. People aren't trusting him. And I don't know how he resolves that. I don't, I mean, I'm not expecting him to tell us something that doesn't exist, but at least be straightforward and answer questions directly instead of all this sort of, I don't know, semantic games. It just didn't ring true. So I, I see exactly what you see where he doesn't, he seems to be, we always talk about on this show, like a truth teller runs toward the truth.


They run toward the facts. They wanna talk all about the facts because the facts are their ally. He's in a compromised position because he's the head of the FBI and we don't know what, he's just not at liberty to reveal. I like, I'm, I don't, so he does, he almost necessarily might be fighting with one hand tied behind his back here. But I will say this about Pam Bondi, yes, she sounds confident in that. So, but there's reason to doubt her because she, she's the one who released all those binders to those influencers at the White House. Like this is everything. And it was actually nothing. There was nothing new in there. And when I look at her soundbite, Miranda, I think, alright, she says, tens of thousands of videos of Epstein with children or child porn.


Now those are two different things. Child porn could just be disgusting videos or pictures they may have found on his computer. If that's on there, that's new. We didn't know about that. And that seems like something that they should, and I believe probably will reveal to us if there are actually tens of thousands of videos of Epstein with children in sexual acts, that is a next level reveal. It is huge. She needs to be really careful with saying that. I I what I have heard, I've told the audience this before, I do have a source very close to this case who has told me that as far as what he did personally like with his body, with his own sexual interactions, that it wasn't children, young children.


It, it was however, like the 17-year-old who looked very young. And I, I'm not trying to make excuses here, believe me at all for Jeffrey Epstein. I'm just drawing a distinction. I think we can all agree there is a difference between 17 and seven. And so I I just like, we need actual answers there because she's parsing her words carefully. He's parsing his words carefully. And this subject is just too hot to keep us in the dark now that Trump has taken over, You know, it's been, I I think we'll get answers and I the sooner the better. Okay, let's move on. We have not yet talked about the Simone Biles Ri Gaines incredible assault by Simone Biles out of nowhere on Ri Gaines over the weekend, RI made a post about, I told the audience this last week that Minnesota girls softball team won the state championship thanks to their hard work and finally overcoming their inability to win it all these years.


No thanks to the fact that they put a boy as pitcher And he s he's kept throwing all these shutouts. They basically got no runs off of him in something like 34 innings. It it was really hard for the actual girls to compete against him. Miranda. So Ri sends out a tweet saying, I, it's not so surprising when it's a, when it's a boy as your pitcher and Simone Simone bi Biles comes after her like ripping on her. You're, you're inappropriate. You're outta line, you're a bully. Oh, and by the way, pick on someone your own size, which ironically would be a male. Simone Biles ripping on Ri gaines's Muscular nature Riley's only five five, so it can't be that she's like some six foot six man.


So it's obviously Leigh's muscular Arms and Body, which she looks amazing. And Simone Biles for years has been playing the victim because people, she says have been ripping on her muscular body. She was Bo body shamed about it. She was all about body positivity except when she's on offense, in which case it's totally fine. She hasn't apologized for it, she hasn't taken it down. Simone Biles is absolutely fine with body shaming, so long as it's of somebody who's of a different political persuasion than she is your thoughts. Yeah, I mean, it's just terribly disappointing.


I she was America's sweetheart for a time. She just managed to destroy her reputation in a couple of days with these really, I mean, vile vials. That's the only way you can think of her now. She's shown her true colors. She did this other stupid little video on social media after she and Ri got into these to, and froze of just herself cackling in this malevolent way. I i I mean it's as if she's lost her mind. You know, everyone loved her and there is no reason for her to have attacked Riley Gaines like that. And as you say, so hypocritical to, You know, the, the body positivity role model trying to shame Riley Gaines for, I don't know, some weird reason because as Riley Gaines showed, she did her own video showing how tall she's, and as you said, she's a petite woman, so certainly the, the swimmer, what Leah Thomas, William Thomas that she competed against and lost to was like six foot tall.


Enormous. Yeah, look, Yeah, she tied him. That's what RI was saying too. She, because everybody's always like you. You're just bitter because you lost, here's the Simone Biles tweet and she, she always points out she tied Leah Thomas, right? This is Simone Biles, you're truly sick, all of this campaigning because you lost a race. So again, she's wrong, straight up sore loser. You should be uplifting the trans community and perhaps finding a way to make sports inclusive or creating a new avenue where trans feels safe in sports, maybe a transgender category in all sports, but instead you bully them. One thing's for sure is no one in sports is safe with you around. Here's the other galling part of it. It is not ri gaines's responsibility to find a new lane for trans athletes.


It, she is not an administrator of sport in any way, shape or form. She's been standing up for women's and girls' rights. I love these people who look at anybody who objects and say you solve it. Like Ri Gaines is the head of the IOC or the head of Women's Swimming. She would love, she would love I'm sure to create new rules. No one's empowered her to do that. Simone Biles hasn't taken that mantle at all. She just wants a rip on somebody who's pointing out a very real problem that's led to a lot of young girls getting hurt. Yes. I mean, she doesn't care. Simone Biles about other women. You know, RI Gaines has a young sister, she's concerned about her.


We've seen numerous female athletes get hit in the face and suffer, You know, serious injury because they ha are competing against men who are stronger. Doesn't matter if you've taken some estrogen, you in the womb, your male hormones that you are awashed with and your body soaked up, have created stronger muscle mass, et cetera. We know that it's not a mystery and you can't change it with cosmetic procedures and hormones and it's just cheating and it's going to obliterate female sport. And this is another, You know, revolution of Donald Trump is he just came in and so quickly the opposition melted away the whole, You know, trans activism.


People were no longer afraid to speak up. And they spoke up and, You know, he gave women and girls he enact enacted, had an executive order that he signed to keep men out of women and girls sport. And that's sort of gone without a hitch. The American public was with him all along really. And there's just these few virtue signal signalers in the, You know, in the public. Like it's amazing. Simone Biles, Simone Biles, I interviewed her when I was at NBC. We talked about the abuse she suffered at the hand of Dr. Larry Nasser, and I use that term doctor very loosely, who's now in prison for the rest of his life, for what he did to our USA gymnastics team, molesting them over and over and over while he was supposedly just performing physical exams on another if yeah, exactly.


Young girls who were confused and didn't understand what was happening to them. And Simone Biles was one of them. And many of us provided appropriately nothing but sympathy to her for her experience at the hands of a very pernicious man. But now she's totally fine with men going into women's locker rooms, watching them undress. And by the way, men like Will Thomas, who now goes by Leah, I strongly believe are auto gyno files. And the data show that the vast majority of these so-called trans women, which are men pretending to be women, are auto gyno profiles, meaning they get off, they get sexually aroused, undressing like a woman.


So why should girls have to be around men who are getting off on putting a dress on or a female swimsuit on while they're taking off their clothes? Simone Biles, You know, nothing, You know, only about your own circumstances. Take two minutes to do a little research or other little girls are gonna get hurt just like you did. Shame on her. I'm ashamed of you Simone Biles ashamed of you. You have a, you have a chance to undo it by, as the left would say, educating yourself, but she won't because she's on the side of the virtue Signalers Miranda, she's been posting left and right about Pride month, I guess now that she's sufficiently passed her prime, she wants everybody to know what a leftist woke person she is.


And she can, she can kiss the support she used to have from the entire country. Goodbye. Alright, let me just say one other thing and then I wanna move on to Jennifer Lopez. There's this nutcase named Nancy Armor, that's my opinion over at USA today. She's never seen a boy. She doesn't want to play in girl sports or pre or pretend to be a boy. Her article for USA today, which is a disgusting p publication owned by Gannet, which allows this Simone Biles shows her greatness again in standing up for transgender community. We looked up Nancy Armor, you'll be surprised not at all to learn. She doesn't have any daughters of her own, she doesn't have any kids, so she's out. She just wants my daughter to have to pay play against boys and everybody else's daughter, but she doesn't actually have any skin in the game.


Simone Biles, she writes in this piece is the goat, in every sense of the word Gaines, replied that Biles post was so disappointing, which is just further proof that Ri Gaines needs to get out of her right wing bubble a bit more. Anyone who's even slightly familiar with Biles knows she's an ally unabashedly of the L-G-B-T-Q community. She also has little use for anyone who punches down on others, which is Gaines's specialty. You see, Gaines is punching down in standing up for actual girls in these, in these matches in these games. So like the girls who tried to hit off of that boy pitcher or had to stand there on the receiving end of a boy's power and speed behind the ball, they're, they're not to be defended.


If you defend them, you're punching down by, I guess suggesting the boy shouldn't be there. She goes on to say Ri has become a MAGA media darling, but her grifting has done real harm to the trans community, which is already at an elevated risk for suicide and self-harm again with this, okay? It's all about their mental problems, which are real, but not of our creation. The reason they're trans in the first place is they have some mental issues. There is no scientific evidence that trans women athletes have a physical advantage over cisgender women athletes. No, no advantage for the boys posing as girls over the actual girls.


And then we get to this, Gaines has publicly lobbied for Simone Biles and Kaitlyn Clark to support her in her hate, which again, is a laughable idea to anyone who's filed biles in illustrious career. You don't accomplish what she has without being fearless. Okay? She was unable to compete her Olympic contest not so long ago, but fine. I think there are some fears and they have actually managed to capture her. And then she ends with this. Most of us could never do what Biles does as a gymnast, but we can do what she does as a human, be kind, defend the most marginalized. This is blatant propaganda. It is untrue bullshit all over USA today.


They let Nancy Armor do this every time. Why? What is it about Gannet that I don't know. Is it, is it run by some trans person? Is it a pritzker's organization? How is this appearing without a counter piece either ever, ever in USA today in one of the nation's major newspapers? Well, I mean, Gannet's apparently for sale, it's just ailing. And we're told always that it's because, You know, people don't wanna read local newspapers anymore. It's because they don't wanna read propaganda like that in their local newspaper. And that spread across the country as some sort of propaganda arm.


It's, it's, You know, the, the reason that this issue took off, and it was so, so lacking in common sense, defying common sense, was because of the media and people like this Nancy Armor woman who just write lies. That what she wrote was untrue. It's factually wrong. And, And, you know, just so banal talking about being kind to each other. There's nothing kind about giving a 13-year-old girl hormones to become a man, a boy and to become infertile and then chop off her breasts.


And the same for little boys. There's nothing kind about it. It's the cruelest child abuse you could have. And their parents have been sucked into going along with it by really malevolent evil medical people and the media and, and these sort of, You know, they've, I mean the L-G-B-T-Q allies situation has been co-opted and hijacked to commit this child abuse and there's plenty of lbs who aren't happy about it. Right on. Exactly right. And by the way, plenty of Gs meaning gay boys who are just gay boys who do not need to be turned into girls by some radical left trans activists who insists gay boys aren't really a thing that if you're attracted to other boys, you are secretly a girl.


You're not allowed to be like a femme boy anymore. You just have to turn yourself into a girl by having body parts chopped off and your sexual function ruined by this weird hormone cocktail they give them, it's sick. And this in a major newspaper, over and over. They let this, I don't know what Nancy Armor has going on in her personal life, and frankly, I don't wanna know. I bet it would be rather dark, that's my opinion. But they let her over and over proselytize for this bizarre ideology. Like it's the equivalent of getting in shape and eating well. Right? Well look, You know, some people just looking for love and if you are committed to this propaganda, you'll get a lot of love from a small number of activists.


And if you don't, you'll get the most awful vile hatred at, You know, and I'm sure you've had it and certainly, what's the Harry Potter author? JK Rowling? JK Rowling. I mean, you look at what's that? The attacks that she's suffered. But she's been tough and wonderful come through, and I think she's been part of the reason that in the uk they turned the corner even before we did when they, You know, there was a, a, a commission looked into the medical facts and found that it was child abuse and that they should stop transitioning children, thank goodness.


And that's changed everything around the world And we, we still are not there. Okay, let's move on because yes, we have to get to JL here's the reason we have to get to JLL. It's you write about culture too, and there's, this is a, this is a serious problem in our culture when you have a 56-year-old woman who performs on stage, and this was a pride event, of course, as j LO's also woke and thinks it's really important that she show her vagina to us. I mean, literally we're seeing the same thing that we saw in the Holly Berry dress at the Met Gala, where you're seeing side pube.


That's what you're seeing there. Clearly she's shaved or waxed, but this 56-year-old woman as an attempt to be like empowered and show us how you can still be fierce at 56, really wanted us to see her vagina. And honestly, I'm legitimately asking you this, Miranda, why, why does she think that's important? Here's Holly Berry doing the same thing at the MET Gala. Why did these women think this is empowering? Well, I mean, it's not, it's so unseemly. It's so grotesque and disgusting. I I I look, they're obviously desperately trying to clinging onto their youth and think that if they wear some arresting, You know, half nude clothing, that that's going to attract people to them.


I don't know. It's, it's really, I mean, just act your age. No, no problem with looking attractive And, you know, keeping yourself fresh, but just keep your body to yourself. No one wants to see it, young or old. And, You know, men are attracted to young women who are fertile, and that is not J-Lo. And so she should just be, You know, accept the truth that she is a middle-aged woman and she can grow old gracefully and set an example for younger women instead of trying to compete with younger women for a small and shrinking number of kind of ral young men.


You know, it's, I think of somebody like Tina Turner, whose body blue doors on JLo's body and on all of our bodies, and she never did this. She wore the fun outfits that were saucy and showed off her incredible physique and her ripped arms and like, it was hashtag goals, even when Tina was in her sixties and seventies. But she never was running around showing off her badge. Like this is a new thing where people, of course, yeah. Halle Berry. Yes. JLo. We saw Christina, not Christina Aguilera, Shakira do it with JLo at the Super Bowl a few years back, more and more you're, we saw Ka Perry doing very weird outfits that revealed too much like these older women who they, they look fine.


It's not like they look terrible, but they feel the need to, to over sexualize themselves for some reason. Like, maybe you're right. They're holding onto like the younger, more fertile versions of themselves and they want you to see them. For me, it's depressing. It's depressing because I, I really hope that as I head into this second phase, I'm already in the second phase of life that I can feel Yeah. Sexy in my own body. Sure. With my husband or, You know, on a trip. But that I don't feel the need to post like sex pot photos of myself so that others can tell me how hot and sexy and like, what a turn on I am.


I really, really think at this point in my life, I'm past that. I know exactly who I am. I don't need outside adoration to affirm it. Yes. And I think you've pinpointed something there. I mean, JLo's just split up with Ben Affleck, You know, that's a third or fourth, You know, serious husband or serious partner. She's, she's searching for something. She hasn't found it. And she's probably fallen prey to a whole lot of sycophants around her who tell her she looks hot. Hey, wear this. This will look sexy people without any judgment. And she's fallen.


And I think by your criticizing her, you are doing her a favor. We are doing her a favor because she needs to listen to women who I don't wish any harm on her. I hope that she, You know, finds love eventually. This is not the way to find it. The you are not gonna attract the right people and you look ridiculous. You look trashy. Thank you. That's the word. She looks trashy. And the thing is, she could have done that performance. I mean, her songs are terrible. The the truth is, JLo's career is over. All she has is her social media. That's really what she has. But her music career is over. She made some good music in the early aughts and she's still writing that.


But no, her, no one's going to her tour. It's like she's had empty seats everywhere. It's been a story. But the thing about J-Lo is she's making herself look ridiculous and desperate. Whereas if she had just worn, I mean literally just an additional inch of coverage on the left and the right, it would, that wouldn't be the story. The story would be, she looks great. Yes, she's defying, You know, all the rules about aging. That would've been the story. Instead, the story is, you seem to be a desperate hoe wanting strangers to admire your vagina. That tells me you're incredibly insecure, small and petty, and don't have a strong id.


You don't know who you are. Yes, absolutely. You, you've said it perfectly. And it's sad. Really. I, I do see these women, these desperate women, You know, making fools of themselves. And I think it's unfortunate, and I hope that younger women don't look at that and see that as a role model is something to aspire to. You know, just being a little classy is much more attractive. Okay. Now, I would be remiss if I did not show you this video from the American Music Awards. This is Debbie Murphy. No, this is number 30. I've gotta show you this, this is her favorite clip for like weeks. She's been asking me to get to this because J-Lo performing at that event bends over with her ass to the crowd for the listening audience and wants to give a thumbs up.


But because she's upside down, it's a thumbs down. Let's look at it. It's, it's a, so number 30, right? She's again, wearing no clothing. She bends over, she gives the thumbs up, but it's a thumbs down. That's perfect. That's her new thing. I'm telling you to be honest, since, sorry, thing it, it caught on. But women, instead of being like, oh, she has no clothes on, they were like, I guess we don't wear clothes anymore. Okay. I won't wear clothes either. And you've got these young confused looking girls, like clapping, like, I guess, I guess, is it good? I guess. Okay, I'll clap. I'm told she's a big star.


I'm told, I'm told that by her Instagram and by all the magazines that she, And you know this as well, that she 100% is intentionally getting into there. When was the last time you saw Helen Mirin on camera doing something in her private life? Never. Because she doesn't call the paparazzi to photograph her. Right. I can speak to this personally. The, the paparazzi gets interested in me when I have a massive controversy about something I've said. Otherwise, they leave me alone. J-Lo they document every trip to Starbucks, every trip to the gym, every trip out for a burger. 'cause You know, she eats just like you and I eat with that body.


Sure. And that's because she's orchestrating all of it. Because all she is is one big ball of pr. Like Meghan Markle, same thing. Yes. You know, pretending she wants privacy and dialing up the paparazzi anytime she wants some publicity, which is all the time. Even like Jennifer Lawrence, let's go younger than Helen Mirren. Jennifer Lawrence is totally gorgeous. She's a big star. You don't see these photos of her all the time. 'cause she's not a desperate, like thirst, desperate to be a thirst trap for people wanting her. And you know, she'll do her thing on the big screen and then she lets her work speak for itself. J-Lo can't do that because her work is poor.


It's not being well received. And so she's just gotta keep generating more controversial moments. And I guess, I mean, what next? It'll be just complete nudity. It'll be showing up at the vmi VMA is just totally naked bending over like that. Like, like she's gonna have a GYN exam on camera. That's, that's, That's, and then, then, then the pendulum will swing all the way the other way and we'll all be dressed up like, You know, nuns or like Being pioneer dresses, Horses in Buras. Yeah. I always thought those pioneer dresses would be quite flattering because they like shove it. Like, I dunno, they kind of give you some oomph up here, but you can be kind of at le at, at leisure down in the waist, in the belly area, which we all wanna be.


Thank you so much for being here. It's great to see you and good luck with the podcast. Tell us about your first guest. Thank you so much. It's Donald Trump, very kindly agreed to, to do the podcast. And it's very hard to have a bad interview with him because he's so entertaining. And he told me some quite interesting, unusual things that no one's asked him before. He said like, when he was a child, he was rather naughty and rambunctious. And so his parents sent him off for aptitude testing and his father was very disappointed. Donald Trump said in the answer, because turns out that he's a musical genius And he could, like, he did these tests And he would hear a note and then an hour later they'd ask him to identify it.


And he did it every time. So, but his father didn't think that that was very useful. But, You know, his mother got him to, to play the flute. He got flute lessons. Can you imagine? No, I cannot imagine. That's amazing. It's funny, it's probably some sort of the brain with that has that ability that's linked with some of the traits that we do know of Donald Trump. But, You know, I love the people who can kind of tell you, like you, if you get languages, you can't do directions if you, You know, yeah. If whatever. There, there are definitely linkages there. I know his, he's creative, his grandson, I think it is. Ivanka's son is playing the piano. She's posted a couple of videos and Trump is standing there.


That's right. Admiringly. So I guess he's putting that musical ear to good use as a grandpa. I, I'm looking forward to listening to it. Okay. So thanks so much. And they can get it for free wherever they get their podcast. Or is this gonna be a Fox Nation thing? Where, where can they get it? No, No, no. It's for free on Apple, Spotify, wherever you get your podcast, and you can get the link through the New York Post as well. Awesome. Okay. It's called Pod Force One with Miranda Devine. Thank you so much for being here, all us. Thanks so much. Very kind of you. Okay. And tomorrow we're gonna do a deep dive into my thoughts on where the Diddy Combs trial is so far and on what just happened to Justin Baldoni.


It was not good, but there is a silver lining, so tune in for that. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS No agenda And no fear


Shopping, planning and cooking really could be simple and stress free. Imagine having your weekly shopping cart filled for you and your meals for the week. Decided on taking all that work off your plate. Hungry Root takes the stress outta mealtime. There are over 15,000 quick recipes shipped each week, and many ready in just 15 minutes or less. With a wide grocery selection, including smoothies, kid snacks, sweets salad kits, ready to eat meals and supplements. It's easy to find options that fit your whole family's tastes and nutrition goals. Hungry Roots best price program ensures you get great value on over 100 popular products. And with my offer, you're gonna get a free item, like a premium protein, veggie or sweet treat in every box for life. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/mk and use the code mk. That's hungry root.com/mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life hungry root.com/mk code mk.


Let's be real. Our modern world is toxic from ultra processed foods to environmental chemicals. Our bodies are under attack every single day. And one of the biggest casualties, our digestion, millions of people suffer with indigestion, bloating, and stomach upset. But here's some good news. We do not have to just accept this. Our ancestors had an answer all along bitter foods. Did You know this? Bitter herbs and plants have been used for centuries to stimulate digestion, support, detox, and to keep the gut thriving. I wanna tell you about JustThrive Digestive Bitters with a powerful blend of ancient time-tested bitter herbs. JustThrive says, just one dose before meals can wake up your digestive system. And JustThrive says it helps you break down food properly and it helps with bloating and sluggish digestion. Consider ditching the modern toxins and getting back to what our bodies were designed for. Consider JustThrive Digestive bidders available now at JustThrive health.com. Use code Megan to save 20% off your first order, JustThrive health.com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N


At Capella University. Learning online doesn't mean learning alone. Personas University. Visit capella edu.